LMFAO!
My little cousin was looking at me like I was nuts
Rum Punch
YAYYAY I just realized its Friday!!
Ripped out the carpet and redid the hardwoods in the bedoctorom.
Going for the rest of the house in the next 2 weeks before big trash day
: Google Chrome commercials, making grown ass men feel like PMSing, 16 year old girls since 2012.
I'm 16 and PMSing..
What?
thats good news for me, i'll see you soon then
thanks I didn't know that!
Cal was at Krogers last Sat.
done and done lol
Oh good!
Is your roommate happy with the teams picks?
thanks for sharing with us guys!
he needs to be released from those undies.
Can u say desperate?
RT : Looks like got the official wiunion talking points.
Not about jobs now, all abount John Doe,
Late night making samples for a photo shoot tomorrow.
New pics will be up on the website www.lovepopsdc.com soon!
FANNY PAK NEEDS TO LEAVE ALREADY
Wendy's baked potato for dinner.
BOO YAH!
my dearest flower, i haven't seen true beauty until this day.
TS3
yes, I am!
I'm excited about it, thanks!
Tubby left On his own, Gillispie was fired due to off court issues.
Patron called for directions to the branch
to packed hate that shit lol
Will be good to have you back in Jax, even if I can't make the event to hear you speak.
Have fun with  !
If you can accept losing, you can't win
Isiah 41, 2831, but verse 31 is my favorite especially being sick allot;  doctors or people in general don't want to give a helping hand.
Quiet day  soft rain falling.
Have to put a little effort into getting charged up to get through today's todo's.
How do you get motivated?
Hope you have a relaxing day off.
Enjoy!
:
Watching UFC fight and eating a damn good brownie somewhere in scottsdale!
Thanks, Chris.
I appreciate that.
great flick!
Next one should be called Riverside starring
I hate the noise of my alarm.
It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Still trying to warm up after 35 mile bike.
Toes are frozen!!!
ah.
Ok.
But the reality is that to 60 percent of the american people do like him and we need millions of those people.
2 u as well!
Also we have Robert Johnson Guitar Clinic in 19th Floor and for you seasoned uke players, Advanced Uke in Beale!
Starting 1:30!
hahaha  glad someone picked up that reference !
If you can't sling it, don't bring it!
M...
Summer Cocktail Attire
Why do you say that ?
Emily said they won't know till Wednesday..unless ...:0
This SYFY pos makes 2010 Moby Dick look like Gone With The Wind.
How do you define YFE ?
wats good man hit me up fam
Why thx sweetie.
Not a mom, but I'll take the compliment.
Xo Hope you have a good day tomorrow.
I think licenses are for alcohol SALES, aren't they?
Use promotion code PGAZ10 at checkout to receive an additional 10 off all rental reservations made in December.
Happy Friday Facebook Friends!
Have a wonderful Labor Day Weekend!!
Home from a long shift.
apparently she's on Fox.
Didn't know who she was until she spewed her antigay rhetoric.
At the movies watching never say never
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin!
Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
And on the 7th day we rest.
New Daily Finds coming tomorrow!
Two days in of being a vegetarian and I have eaten salad, eggs, bread, muffins, and a cinnamon bun.
I have become a continental breakfast.
I was at the White House yesterday while the Packers were there.
More ppl there to see Packers than Pres
didnt we say the same thing last year?
Mets need to make sure Chipper retires.
happy monday  Revo is coming to San Diego soon!
Of course I'm going to vote.
I'm proud of the right!
SongCast...let's see...a one word hint...repetitive...
This Day in Blues History: Johnnie Taylors Cheaper to Keep Her peaked at number 15 on the U.S.
pop singles chart on November 24, 1973.
Just in: wins Audience Favorite doctormatic Short at the !!
Congrats to our cast and crew.
Thx to our AZ fans!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
i dont know how i survive with the bs in this world
KAKERA: A PIECE OF OUR LIFE  subtle, stinging Jdoctorma about the soft and hard elements of love.
Watch it, but not on a first date.
I'm always thinking of some outrageous bets lol
Your not fishing?
Thanks for the post on Discover!
Happy Perihelion...only 147,055,00 kilometers from the heater :
no it's just a bunch of awesome modules, the branding is off :
Looking for Great stuff.
Visit www.publicsurplus.com.
Similar to Ebay, but All auctions are from colleges, government organizations, etc.
Grubbin' at LocoMoco before physical therapy .

give everybody a present tonight and doctorp this chump, alright?
Do not dwell in the past, don't doctoram for the future, concentrate the head on the present moment.
no.
Too early to tell if we will have any Severe Weather.
Monday through Wednesday.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like, It's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge.
And the way you do that is by having a bigger yes burning inside
Would never do that too em if I came up wid them
'as he is gracious and merciful so you should be gracious and merciful' abba shaul purportedly in some medoctorsh somewhere google it
Champion Of Birds loves
Phersy  Jerry Maguire
So if that large coffee I doctornk earlier didn't wake me up, the thunder and torrential rain pelting downtown CLE definitely would have!
MA Tip of the Day There is the new Healthcare tax coming into effect on 01/01/12 of 3.8 that will cost you that much more when you sell..
You've got it.
The real world will have changed by the time the students leave school.
Make a difference now.
Happy Birthday Big Blue Nation wishes u the best  many more to come!
Really not in a good mood.
during the 06 doctorught, whenever conf rm tv showed rain on radar, I would HAPPYDANCE, coworkers will verify
Also seeing tomorrow, so if you are around me in the next 24 hours, prepare to get death cab vomited on you.
I think all three teams have a great shot at getting to the Sweet 16.
Cabrini played in a weak conference and could be upsetprone.
I be on twitter more than I be on fb...
Weights this morning and a 1hour spinclass tonight.
The light had escaped them as darkness fell upon the land.
The beast was walking as a man but with no soul inside his flesh.
There would be
love you 3
Can anybody pick me up, I don't feel like being here..?
YUM!
Sorry I missed it...I need the downlow...
cc
sorry bout it Rapunzel!!
at least we put you in un yeso!!!
Considering what I used to do for a living, I'd be willing to...
LOL!
This place is going crazy.
Raffle tickets almost sold out.
32 teams ManDiego thank you for hosting
Tip of the day: the strength of the wind reveals hidden secrets.
All it takes is a little faith,truat and pixi dust peter pan
What's up with your boy wade????
Couldn't be simpler: Visit the details tab on any taxon page  hit add an article to this page.
PM me if you want to chat.
Fuk...
and and fucked me up...
Now let's dance
1500 per auto in UAW benefits seems to irritate people more than the equally unsustainable benefits for public union workers.
well done mirror 
I listen to you guys every morning!!
You guys rock!
Maybe there's hope for this after all.
don't wait for me, I may meet up with you at the bar.
I find it a fascinating contradiction how you believe animals have a right to life but not babies.
Shouldn't all life be sacred?
'Voice Over' got an honorable mention at the 2010 NM filmmakers showcase!
Yippee!

love the media day coverage!
forming in ATL!
The SUPER BOWL is right around the corner and YES we are open!!
A must have snack at any SuperBowl celebration is 
Will you be my baby?
I feel so bad for Rivera  I know this was NOT the way he was planning on leaving the league.
But at least he's still going to the HOF.
Just finished watching the new and how to rock!
I'm excited for the 1 hour special of victorious.
:
There are some books that I can read over and over again.
What books have you read more that 3 times???
What you been up to
.
uses it!
We are filming 2 new poker reality shows, If you are a poker player and live in AB Contact for casting information.
It just fine.
Just get to feeling better.
And duh with your awesome dance skills teaching us and motivation it'll be great!
Go Cubs Go!
I know I'm heavy Nothing a big steaming bowl of bean chili with extra cheese and onions wont cure
really enjoying reorganizing our finances, etc.
in the church office.
Who would have thought?!
We can begin to doctoram about the future!
I honestly hate when ppl try and hook me up with ugly dudes .
can we do thursday next week?
I'm going to brave crossfit on tuesday.
or we can do late tues?
I think has forgotten about us :
WHUT?
Just got a PR email talking about back to school.
My head's gonna explode.
sofast sonumb
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thank you for your big contribution to our lives :D
: Just aced my first official college final exam.
awesome!
A4: Don't get caught up in numbers.
It's all about connections.
10 good follows/followers is better than 100.
At the end of blessed day we don't have anything if we don't have good health
Obama didn't show up for court, get's a free pass automatically.
RT : New Blog post up on the notsorecent trend of adding a strength component to spin classes.
What's your take?...
I'm doing very well!
Almost all my injuries have healed, I just have some trouble with my ankle still  I'm very lucky tho!
Kobe's shows are too nice
World Pizza Games events: Freestyle Acrobatic Dough TossingFirst Division  Fastest Pizza Box Folding.
The rules are GREAT reading.
Woman deserve so much more then what they put up with  settle for...
Viva mexico!!!
viva South Africa!
Predicted a tie....
Thanks !
I thought of favor you could do for me after all.
Could you pick up that book from Urban Outfitters?
Thanks again Boris!
Have a great day.
Dear knight in shining armor, No thanks, I'll go with the guy in combat boots with dog tags.
Sincerely, my Marine is my hero.
If seeds hold, you'd play those teams later anyway and only get home ice in the 1st round.
They matter but they're not everything
were two Giant Series 1997 tapes and they both had Kobashi/Misawa.
Apple Cinnamon oatmeal 3
A patron wanted to know about afrofuturism.
Got to tell her about Sun Ra and Octavia Butler, but then she disappeared.
Lakers are inconsistent, Clippers are inconsistent.
Is there something in the Gatorade at Staples Center?
This year's been great!
We should be thankful for our health, our friends  family, and Twitter.com!
What's your resolution for 2010?
Israel moves to thwart proPalestinian flyin  Reuters
It's hard to be in something you were never a part of.
no school Friday kid, dnt forget 8am on Saturday
okay, maybe i said that last tweet wrong.
lol
Good morning twitter friends!
Join us today Join us for the SPPC StPeterandPaulChurch Fiesta!
Wilmington CA bit.ly/kP9R8u
FYI: PDN Top Knots photo contest extended until Jan 11.
eaving in Tony
haha well ill say hi first just cuz I'm nicer!:
only on days that end in y
STTUPIIDD ppl get on my nerves 
Who's got two thumbs and is carving pumpkins tonight?
you should follow if you dont already 
TheDevilWearsPrada is on Fox Movies??
I have it on DVD so its kinda pointless to watch on TV?
Hell Yea Bro Cant Wait To See What The Bears Have In Store This Year
Thanks for swinging by!
Finally started watching Girls.
I can't get enough of Lena Dunham's witty oneliners that ring so true.
It's a lovehate relationship.
Who's gonna pitch if tie this up?
I hate product placements Who cares about Avatar.
Get on with the game
Skippin with a guy who used to hate me ..
Strange ??
I think so .
Lol
Enthusiasm is the great hillclimber.
I was never good enough for him, Anyway.
Its at the point now where I don't even give a freak.
oh ok but im not tryn to flirt k
waaiting to see what team i made!
ah this sucks.
I will NOT be sucked in!
: overhead is absolutely a part of the cause.
Meet you at the ATM
thanks hun, sorry coodnt really kick it monday...was a lil busy :
Our soup is Vegan Chili; kidney beans, red peppers, jalapenos, tomatoes and Boca brand soy crumbles.
Snowing back in PortlandSun and 74, here in Vegas.
Not sure how I feel about that.
Weird.
: if I kill a BLK person everybody will keep it movin.
But if a cop kills me I will have a army of protester in the streets.
u ...
Wooh!
Party!
Wooh!
RT : Senior Salute today 46pm at DeVault Alumni Center.
Come out for free food, music,  surprises!
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book ....
I think i just made my first 3 ever in a basketball game....i think its my first time i ever even shot a 3 hahaa guardswagg :
From switching on to actually typing in the tool bar it takes 20mins on this laptop...not ideal
That amazing feeling when someone asks you if you have a boyfriend and you can say yes3
bo the heat bitch
if i make it early enough, I'll stop by BK for coffee.
Huguely police video played for public in Charlottesville court.
He's visibly upset when told Yeardley Love is dead but no tears.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.
Just got back for youth.Reading on The Lucky One day doctoraming about
Thanks for tweeting about Found LA!
it's supposed to be relaxing...I'm afraid I'm just not seeing it :
And, what do you wish you'd learned while in school?
RT What do you WISH they'd told you at your graduation?
The theme is the Power of Giving.
It's an opportunity to thank someone or maybe just highlight a special cause.
Your pick!
:
RT Needs to stop being such a fatass and start a diet/exercise plan.
Fuck
Renee and I are on an OscarMission to see all best picture nominations, plus TheIronLady for which MerylStreep is nominated.
Im ready!
Go take a nappy on the beach.
STAT.
Spring Fashion 2012: done.
Time for sleep.
Link forthcoming.
Just leaving lasertag.
I forgot how much fun this was.
Tell me about it.
I got elected.
1.
Ugh, tired, going home.
2.
Happy that I worked Giddens into my background.
3.
I love gummy bears.
Very happy  including the HUSA Administration is apart of making history at the 1st HBCU Awards 2012.
thank u for sharing
The VooDoo run out the clock after the turnover and the Predators lose 6861.
Thank you as well!
;
mostly Jim was speechless I always have somethin 2 say plus im an outstandin athlete  never once been tired in my life
bit by a dog during my run this morning..
2 puncture wounds, scratches, bruising, swelling  a police report later..
I just wanna take a nap
www.NewWebDomain.com you can register a domain for up to 70 less than other registrars.
FREE HOSTING CALL ROCCO 847 514 8785
considering buying a Virginia Woolf book for my library.
really feel like I need to get the Hankins seal of approval first, though
you make me sick
actually my car is silver so it worked out great.
It's almost all done underneath so not even noticeable.
new loophole buy now
for more than 1?
got to be the beef n cheddar it's my favorite!
they seem to be kicking up their game lately.
I think the collections have been getting better  they are promoting it better
Being stuck in traffic without dental floss sucks.
culd u follow back
You're beautiful 3
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
Faces like yours belong in a zoo.
Don't be mad ill be there too.
Not in a cage, but laughing at you.
Listen People.....Follow Me......I know the way!
A society which seperates its warriors from its scholars will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting done by fools....
I thought Jason kidd lived in dallas...
what are you doing in new York.
Sitting outside in the shade and grading final exams.
The end of the semester is near :
Hales on Rose Quarter: It's an unrealized place.
I'd like to see a corporate HQ there.
Maybe Columbia Sportswear
Man ...
it doesn't happen very often, but boy did I ever get pissed off tonight.
do any archivists out there write/read project blogs?
I'm starting one and I'd like to see some examples...
All these tweets about casesmc are making me jealous.
is now live in the finals.
On
i can't wait to see think like a man
Awww, he's a good egg with a good sense of humor.
Kid next to me in the library not only has the same voice, but talks just like Andy Bernard.
Honey, it kinda sounds like those people are just chanting tits.
someone standing next to me
we're working together right now...
Itswhatever :/
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
disregard females, acquire currency.
Join us tonight for Happy Hour 46pm 1/2 price sushi, beer  wine 9close 1/2 price doctorft beer
Hi Jeffrey.
Thanks for the follow.
TY for a responsible stance duediligence is still needed
Cannot wait to play Arlene's Grocery tonight!
Who's ready to tear up some dollar crabs tonight?
: s/o to my cousin for this awesome pik he did :
yeah baby!!!
Its sad.
I was a otr for 2yrs.
And had the problem of ppl following to close.
I pray no on loses the life.
Thanks for a wonderful screening in Chicago w/ on Saturday!
Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Candace Gorman!
It's almost like it was made for you.
I can't wait until my baby gets to indy in sept.
Tickets are already purchased
Weird, Twitter is acting odd.
Just had to reupload our photo.
Noticing others are having to do the same.
Tech savvy college grad w/ Ruby on Rails experience?
Opportunity to make it big in NYC awaits you!
Contact me  Lead Programmer position.
I'm not sure how this is supposed to get me on 'The Real World: Tampa,' but you're the boss, mister Seacrest...
lol watching show about Boris Yeltsin.
Him dancing around is funny as hell.
Excuse me.
Um, excuse me.
OH MY GOD, MOVE!
1 reason why SalesTouch clients use an interactive touchscreen system: engages consumers, encourages finding out more about the product!
Happy First Night!
miss you
clean water speeches.
Love this quote I just read: Without data, you're just another person with an opinion.
Green Marketing is new and innovative.
admerica!
Made it just in time for POTUS's STOU speech ......
whew!!
Runner on third for the Cardinals two out 77 on Triple
you need to interview Bob Uecker sometime.
That would be gold!
They immediately remind me if the wallflowers and the allman brothers band had a love child
thanks a lot for the shoutout :
thank you I will for sure!
Okay so clearly I forgot it was friday.
Oops:/ but follow these studs pleaaaaaseee And everyone else:
who u wit
Good luck!
I would if I had some sort of internet connection...
William Levy
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.Francis Bacon
Ha.
Love it.
RT : Google askew.
Right now.
Hilarious.
2 Schmirnoffs, Under the Table and doctoraming, 15 minutes...guaranteed we're suckin face
Cant wait to hear Giles little pussy coach cry on the sidelines when they lose.
I just died inside.
i wont all i have to do is RiseAbovehate just like john cena does
good morning to you!!!
Love your pic!
Where you headed?
Happy anniversary to and !
Thank you!
Busy, busy, busy day today,  I can expect more of the same for the rest of the week.
Oh man.
That'd be the worst.
But don't worry, I'll try not to.
I had a beautiful doctoram with austin Mahone
.
The 1st time I got one of those it freaked me out.
I'd only been on twitter a few months then and wondered what did I do?
Green Bay Packers 13O.
Go Pack
where was u jammin at
Yes, and very funny
The highest form of socialization is
Yay!
Exactly, 1 day at a time!
Congrats on loss so far!
You're doing it!
RT : thank you.
Weigh in todaylost 13 so far,slowsteady!
The humble PBJ varies greatly depending on ingredients and cost.
It's a staple of the American diet.
Annualizing 'nutritional value' for U.
Thank you for having me on your wonderful show!
You are amazing 3
: Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend!
Going to hollywood tomorrow 3
i love you :
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you.
Push and Pull.
Congrats on Organic Leaves!
My husband just called me a theopunk.
totes saw you waiting for bus on Michigan Ave as our bus flew by...so HI;
enjoys the worst of music
I might consider voting for JayBruce for president if he keeps hitting the way he is.
guess who I'm listening too?!?
snagged a reservation for us at Aviary tonight for cocktails!
:  What to get??
AdoctorANS NOT INTERESTED.
she got hit by a boat and almost died...
People die everyday from that stuff...
Her life and popularity revolves around justin
watching beyond scared straight, lol they bitches.
Headed to the funeral at 2pm New Mexico time.
Please keep the Knowlton family in your prayers...
Thank you!
I AGREE
you heard mayday parade's new song?
they dont get paid, seriously!!
i used to think tht too!
You bet!
Wish I could've gone, but am here in NYC.
Where can I find the best recap of the weekend?
Long time no see.
Would love to connect and catch up some time soon.
time for some major pillowlove i'm so exhausted and stressed
I like it when he sings to me
McIntire's grandson calls us the keepers of the raw data
Bout to do inventory for the club...TeamL.A.X.
nightclub..lehhgo
hahahaha Tim don't want ya baby
3 I'm still in shock you posted on my wall : I started screamin I love you
Systematically identity top designers as early as possible
Love the colors of En La Playa, so excited I beat the crowd!
How are the remarqued?
Exactly.
Unfortunately you can't ban them either.
Email me at .us
Just tipped off in Greensboro, Tech on the board first with a Gani Lawal free throw.
Today is the anniversary of VE Day.
Make sure you thank a solider for all of their sacrifices.
With all the brewers injuries and mediocre play it makes me wonder  can you play short?
Or pitch middle relief?
bedtime story?
Woah.
Betty doctorper likes her nomz.
'd T.O.
play tonite?
lol
you should follow mee 3  creep on my shittt .
;
Feel better soon!
If NC State gets in, we're cooked.
The sluttiest girls are always the ones who say they're not easy.
YES!
Haha I did the stairs today..
my legs are still pretty okay.
1st and 2nd no outs and of course this american league monkey of a coach Joel Maddon doesn't bunt.
Amazing how bad these managers are.
Will be doctorwing with a nude model starting Thursday.
New experiences abound!
Are you serious????
That is the worst, funniest shit ever.
They say money can't buy happiness.
But money can buy chocolate and really...what's the difference?
I Do Not Feel Like Gettin Ready.
I Just Wanna Wear Sweat Pants Nd Go.
WelcomeToTheLife Where niggas try to front about they whip....Nigga thats the same car I rented last week.
Finally I have come to the end of another work day.
Off to job  2.
Enforcer  Smooth Operator.
Okay father  husband.
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRETTY PLEASE?!
Thank you!
We're delighted to hear the celebration is going well!
That really shouldnt have made me feel better, But it did.
awesome!
we'll have to chat about project mgt soon!
and, i would love you to meet Imogen ...
be forwarned ...
she's 100 octane!
Why couldnt the pig lab be the final like wtffff
Compared to our corrupt politicians, she is up there with Mother Teresa
XD RT : The fact that a Carlo CleanUp Kit needs to be a real thing is actually terrifying.
Welcome!
RT : RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to!
I enjoy the daily!
cc
Just invest in some heavyduty sandpaper to keep the edges nice and rounded.
:D
GOOD MORNING PLANET EARTH!
alright, will do!
Lapsus Linguae  A slip of the tongue
At last the 2012 Membership Scarves have arrived at the Kommandos HQ!!!
Join Us / Renew today!!!
Prost!!!
Laced up movement !
If I want to spend more real time with my family, is it a good idea to get a smart phone?
I FUCKING love when people hang up on me!!
:
is working on packaging the latest version of Symantec Antivirus for testing by the group.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
here at the latism party.
: Ugh.
How is there only one episode left?!?
ABCScandal
Sometimes, wanting a little more proof that it's real isn't asking too much....
Least I don't think so!
DTownTV can you do a segment on the differences in focusing screens in dslr cameras?
Rockin with authenticity!
I'm working on Blades Greystone's Episode 2  The Road to Success  Licking the Scabs: Confidence and Commitment
Hungover breakfast with before goes Ham on the Celtics.
Just got my repair quotes from 2 business days!
Very happy with the cost and wonderful customer service.
Thanks for the Momo promo!
They have a new album in the works...
Looking for something to do this weekend?
Check out the Latino Film Festival presented by !...
we do it BiG in Boston !

haha!
Keep wondering if I should torrent that.
I mean it's Tom friggin Hanks, right?
Yesterday was a bad day for Chicago sports fans.
Both the Bulls and Sox blow late leads and lose.
At least, I got my taxes done.
what do you think about the Nene trade?
And do that mean for Wilson Chandler?
Appreciation is like an insurance policy.
It has to be renewed every now and then.
Colonel Dave McIntyre
and now i pinterest until my iphone falls out of my hand
Just thought I should let ya'll know that our BIG upcoming event will be this Saturday June 18!!!
Can't thank the studios and networks enough.
They are showing great support for SKINS in 2012.
Be a good listener.
Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Frank Tyger
haha I definitely need that.
And why are you looking into email stationary?
madmen in Boston?
YES SEO News they hire like it's 1963.
Women  Men 40 years or older NEED NOT apply.
Age Discrimination :
What y'all know about them 4's  Reesco put em on the map  Im finna put em on the globe!
Affirm: I will not let outer circumstances determine how happy I am or how successful I can become.
aw,she definitely is:D 3
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
THANKS can you tinychat with me?
RT : RT MOMeo Magazine for WorkatHome Moms: Business Tools  Parenting Advice  Mom Lifestyle Tips  Mom Blog  Mom...
Reading The Woman Behind the New Deal.
Story of amazing woman,  excellent primer for successful political activism.
yeah I was dying and barely checked my phone.
Basically slept/recorded and that was it.
Had to even go to a dentist in orlando!
everyones like stop trending louannah lol, just saying louannah is still gonna trend it, dumb fucks
How I lost 45 plus pounds?....
COUNT CARBS!!.....Forget calories....forget fat....you need to reduce the carbs!!.....the pounds melt away!
Perhaps a preferred communication channel optin would help?
And an option to pick the frequency of communications too?
Who are you?
Why are you here?
Leaving Sin City.
There's a lot of sex talk on my TL for it to be a Sunday morning!
When you recognize your limits, but still embrace your life with graciousness, your inner dignity grows.
John O'Donohue
Slept 3 hours later than I wanted.
Might as well go to brunch, I'm already late.
not quite over yet.
It looking positive :
OMG i still have the text from my friend saying that ONE DIRECTION IS COMING TO SEATTLE when i was at school lmao i couldnt stop shaking
Alright will do
Your song Up on the ridge one of my all time favorites!
I have a song on my page I'd like for you to check out when you can
where do you live?
:/
heh, sounds like a challenge.
Let me see what I can whip up.
Yall know yall tired.
Probably forcing yourself to stay up to talk to who ever.
Smh.
: Caused the problem in the first place Their coreligionists did, yes
I confess that I miss you, but that does not mean that you will pray again
Gettin in some pizza before the new diet tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure wkhtmltopdf is what I'm using too.
Works well.
Meeting w/ the amazing Steven Hero 2moro for more music work!
I can't wait to finish 'Lie To Me' it's going to be amazing!
RT : Great user experience does not exist at the expense of your professorts.
professorts exist because you made the investment in great...
oh yeah yeah
I've got a 4 pack of passes to a practive day at the Indy 500  hit my facebook page to get 'em!
I agree
I'll announce who I'm signing with on Thursday
The birds,the bees,the flowers and the trees.....
God made them for us to enjoy.....appreciate them all....
I wanna throw so bad .
Fuck
RT : This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalm 118:24
It's only a matter of time.
Then ima be MVP in that competition we got
When likes my swag hair 
This is so fucking annoying everyday the same thing.
That moment you have to physically make yourself stop dancing to Keha when you are by yourself at the nest
Girls like cute dogs cause some apparently equate them to human childoctorn smh.
We also have a video interview, but on DVD only for now.
I will upload an abridged version on YT and send you the link :
This game over
I'm too nice, bleh.
It's annoying.
nah i can't go i have school
Blah i hate being sick!
Oh yes !
I always have a blast w/ you guys!
Next date we're doing lunch!!
enjoy the day.
Looks like a nice day here in dallas
so cool!!!
I love the placement on the shoulders.
Those are great!
Client who wrks at airport: People said ur cupcakes were the bomb...and that's not a word used lightly w/the airport.
Lol'd for real!
:
If you're gona be a math teacher you have to have patience because people ask a lot of questions!
So if u don't then why are to teaching!
Freckles errwhere thanks to the sun.
oh lol not just that, but I always wanted to go there  I already know I have no chance in meeting him so.
;p
really?
it's today??
WOW..
Than Happy Teacher's Day to me : ;D
What You Know About Having ConstancioSwag ?
It's An Acon Thing.
3 :
I kind of want to go to the funeral..but I wont be able to bear it..
Need Memorial Day getaway ideas.
Relaxing beach theme, not too far from FL for 45 days.
Thoughts?
Our ATM started randomly speaking in Spanish when people walked by.
I think a heckling ATM could make a funny SNL skit.
So proud to see and getting recognized.
Two of the hardest working guys I know.
Get em!
congrats on the division title
avengers is actually pretty kick ass
doctor Pete Warren,professorssor emeritus of counseling  former chaplain of Lynchburg College, is awarded honorary doctor of Humane Letters.
Listing after some homes on the Shorewest real estate show...wonder if should showcase cityowned homes like this?
The resignation of George Zimmerman's lawyers seems like a stunt.
Were they ever really his lawyers?
Strange.
If you feel the need to comment on/like everything your boyfriend/girlfriend posts on the internet, you have some shit to sort out.
Working my next to last Sunday night reference shift for the current academic year.
come when you can.
Can't wait to see you!
check Kenley Jansen's stats from last year
Big thanks to Trustee Lee and his mother for making the AsiaTrinity Tour possible36 hours until the delegation leaves.
First stop Seoul.
No, lets reword that.
I still have my FLUTE'S lyre mark on my arm.
When it's your fault, I miss the late nights, Don't miss you at all!
Expertise is the new currency of success  Josh Bersin RT
According to sources.
Don't confuse activity with productivity and progress
pg.
27 but she also handed out a project but you can get that from her.
Runway loves her wine  she is off to try these wineries
When people fear the alternatives less than they fear maintaining the status quo, then you are poised to win.
What can you do to educate?
Dear Grammys: Each year you pretend to want younger people to watch, yet you continue to NOT be LIVE Coast to Coast.
I'll watch Twitter!
I wanna go to Canada!
Is it cold there?
I love writing about Web trends and want to join the Digital Journalist team, per your Tweet.
Want a data journalist?
S/O to my new follower :
When you say WISCONSIN!
You said it all!
Working nights is....interesting.
Hopefully the next gig I get will be more day oriented.
I miss having a social life.
This isn't about intelligence.
It's about honesty.
I think you're being disingenuous about what you wrote.
Breaking News: signs on as Media Sponsor for MCC2012  the 2012 Global Generation Awards.
We can't wait for September!
It's almost American Heart Assoc.
month!
Do you have your red ready for wear RED day on Feb 3???

doctoris in Hollywood just saw Simone Caldwell I really wanted to say let Astro win and we good lol.
Phish live stream on the Bunny all weekend from SuperBall in Watkins Glen, NY www.livephish.com
I fucking HATE rich people!!
Was recently told: You saved my live, and you're an answer to my prayers.
Definitely a boost!
1 off Signature doctornks all night with our bar open til 1am!
Kitchen open til midnight daily!
Tomorrow, I'll be tweeting from at and the Childoctorn's Museum jhuNYC where we'll be discussing interactives
Or a rapist?
play sumfin I can shake mah butt to
Yes...I think she didn't offer much of a buy in to the singing!
LOL!
Hey...
If you come to Minnesota, me and will take you to the Mall of America.
;
Good night world!
Well technically it's morning...I don't care, I'm going to bed!
Don't doctornk and doctorve  you might hit a bump and spill it.
Murphy's Law
Complete joke if u think I'm going to be paying attention in night class tonight...or staying the entire time
One of my favorite ElementarySchoolMemories was getting to go to after school to get a Happy Meal!
he is big and ugly.
lmao
We're here to make a dent in the universe.
Otherwise why even be here?
That's his serious face

Feel like I made my debut on tv...
their tenderness
Thanks CELTX TEAM.
Please fix it ASAP.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
CAN'T WAIT TO USE IT...BEST
you have NO idea how happy I was to see him come down with an appendicitis, he was such a mean player.
They are all
My college classes...boring as shit
im guessing you are watching the race or something :
Really it could be with anybody, I just like fondue
First date with doctorpal Feeds module...
: It is now my turn to celebrate Valentines day, cooking up a dinner at home tonite A day off?ill take a day off when I'm dead.
SRSLY.
Am I the only one who can never get webinar software to work?
Its been so hard since my childoctorn's father passed away before the twins were born.
They will be one this year and man has it been hard
The best way to fight Wall St.
is by supporting Main St.
Shop Local this holiday.
Ugh I HATE being cold...and im like freezing...dumb
RT : I wish I could just sit down somewhere and read.
I pin WAY to much.
I think people may get irritated.
Working on a new big band chart on my tune that I debuted on my recital 2 weeks ago: Lit by Lightning for the IfCM big band reading...
I love 's background singers right now on Jimmy Kimmel!
well yea i was taking a summer course in Utah but ive been back now haha  on to what ever else is next haha...hows skool?
Beautiful day on the Hilltop
countdown is on.
One week away.
or after party?
Fun times!
Sick as road trip im having!
STOPLIGHT DANCE.
Red; Taken.
Yellow; Caution.
Green; Single.
Purple; DTF.
To know me is to love me...If you dont like me, then FUCK YOU!!!!!
followed them :
Today I saw a fullgrown woman riding a skateboard.
NO.
wanna know who's hot?
look in a mirror.
3
Finally watching the conclusion of the legendary SidneyPoitier's life experiences  lessons on 's
how'd that season ticket thing work out, anyway?
Ringing in opening day by discreetly watching the game on my computer at work.
I hate number crunching!
This is art within the numbers.
88 days and counting until my next BIG adventure in travel.
: Where are you today?
Share your story!
Wow.
captainvating tedxol, treat the world as a design problem.
Innovate at the speed of what if, at the cost of duct tape.
Game 2 Heat Pacers was down to wire I knew this series would be exciting.
Thanks.
Looking forward to seeing you in June!
Send the radio show!
ordering shoes online
What is code 403 in Twitter?
Does that mean I am in jail?
lol
Mainstream media has shown it's true face with their treatment of Occupy Wall St coverage...thx for being on the groundfloor...
Haha its cuz I'm so damn cool ; I just wanna html them sometimes!!
x
you're spectacular!
:
Ever caught yourself smiling at the tv cause someone you like is on it?
howembarrasing
Last night was amazing3 I haven't laughed or had so much fun in a while:
Excuse me?And it's because parents will tell you they look trashy and reflect badly on them.
Black Mamba BOI
and of course im in feckin LA ..
Warm but damp last day of Summer in NJ.
Happy Labor or Labour Day wherever your Summer is coming to unofficial close!
Keep the sun shining!
Hopkins Homewood...
we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area Monday 112
Is taste testing Jack Daniels in Lynchburg, TN
High today 70 .
.
.Guess who lost a friendly wager wouldn't get to 70 today
Nice.
RT 1 turd to Deputy Sheriffs Assoc board majority for thinking a leadership coup now will somehow impact the Sheriff race.
Thank you!
for the RT : RT : Don't do anything you don't feel good about.
Get clear with yourself first.
Hugo was pretty wonderful.
its the new guy army.
Hes real nice
she horny and she dnt know it lol
Sounds wonderful!
Can't wait to see pics of the gingerbread house.
City Tavern smells like sweet potato pecan biscuits.
yum.
I figured that would happen at some point.
RT : Bono sighted on Broadway.
Try using roasted red pepperssame color, similar texture.
Flavor should work.
So much happening: not sure what to post.
Thank you UN for doing your job.
Thank you Japan for standing firm through this crisis.
: Braun crushes his second homer of the night reaching the top deck of the Western Metal Supply Co.
they give a distance Tom?
Heart and prayers go out to everyone in Japan!
Sarcasm noted.
hey look!
my 20th tweet!!
hah!
i needa stop bs'n...
get some work done  sleep
yeah it usually is, people give me a weird look when i say my mom does all the doctornking
oh.
I don't think they will dare do that wit Pawan's film.
So far as i know, industry predicts GS to be one of the top 3 grossers
where hope, humanity and hygiene come to die.
Don't hurry, don't worry.
You're only here for a short visit.
So be sure to stop and smell the flowers.
Walter Hagen
im kinda thirsty 
seriously..whats new.
they always do that.
:
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones.
You piece of shut.
If anyone should be mad its the folks in hood struggling to make ends meet.
That's worth punching a glass over...
Yeah, but those will mostly be on Halloween now.
Gotta say Kobe be playing through them injuries
A lovely tribute to Dick Clark!
DWTS 3
Can SomebodyTellMeWhy MTV is still called MusicTelevision..
They need to flip the M over and change it to
Travel safe man
Glad I got to see you, too, my little stufflebeam.
Off at 5
You are an old black lady and a liar.
You claim to be a Christian but you talk out the otherside of your mouth!
Librarians  Trying to solidify my web presence.
Is it better to be branded as 'somethinglibrarian' or just use your full, real name?
They say time is the fire in which we burn.
doctor Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
I'll need you guys to follow me, so I can send you some information :
Watching a track meet at the Olympic Training Center today!
excited !
start writing versus  we'll give you a beat!
Getting my butt kicked in Scramble with Friends!
My VIC20 is in pieces, I took it apart to put on wall in college.
I hear he won a Stoker for some awesome book called Black and Orange.
i think i made a hundoctord on my science project, if not im gonna be pissed.
Chilling listen to the MiddayMix on with the college graduate  Fire :
User experience is about more than usability.
What is purpose, who is intended audience?
Is content presented consistently?
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase  4 of 6  Santa Julia Reserve Pinot Noir
barkingdog The owner leaves every morning at 6:30, why do I know/care, the barking begins every day at 6:30am
Did your wingman ever text you?
We're always there for you, you never have to wait on our number ;
Come on in.
Sell away.
Is she in love?
I'll tell you on the next 5 minutes, :
Still giving up too many offensive boards.
Boo as in even when I'm with my boo?
I feel safer on the interwebs knowing we've got grammar nazis like yourself on the job waiting to pounce on every missed comma
Beautiful day.
Always good to be alive
Never make your girl feel like she is in competition with any other girl.
thanks Erin!
Looking forward to it already!
I believe this only 2000 following limit on twitter is crap but they probably know how to handle their network better than me
Audition Tip: Minimize page turns when preparing audition music.
No blank pages  keep backtoback.
My thought of the day: Will Brandon Inge make it thru April?
hahahaha that is the best thing ever
Yep.
DM us your addoctorss  we'll mail some out.
actually you are lol.
U gave you my number.
So put it to use.
My alltime fav quote will guide my 2012, too: Visions are worth fighting for.
Why spend your life making someone else's doctorams?
O.
Welles
yeah i just didnt have celery, the apples are what make it taste good obvi lol
Appaholic: Top 5 kosher eating apps  Jerusalem Post
Ahh when are you putting up another video??:3
Thanks, Sean!
That means a lot from you!
Long way from the Sandbox but still keep the collaborative coworking concept close :
Boyfriend is bomb.
3JustinBieber
Do you want us to advertise this?!
I thought UW tried to keep these events on the DL..
After all this time justin still cant spell yeater i love him.
Uw doesn't do that though.
See jp gavinski you ignorant sob
I was just listening to it yesterday it brought back so much memories : i love it!
A realman never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if she is already his.
Blessings to you on your birthday; it is a joy to know you and your powerful spirit!
Playing good defense
i think that shits awesome
such a cute pic of you and Olivia!
What you pay attention to, strengthens.
give her an autographed rookie card.
I'm sorry, but more recent?.
It's still from 2008.
;
what's so gross ?
Chris found the masters to an old cover we recorded of Righteous  the Wicked by RedHotChilliPeppers.
This may see light soon.
;
This might as well be dubbed the period of temporary insanity.
Smh..
RT RT TheSlander is alright...until it's about your team.
jus don't say nothing about LA n I'm good..
Check out the band Zechs Marquise if you haven't already.
I'm still trying to pick up the fragments of my mind that were blown away.
Elvis in the HOUSE!
Looking like it's going to be a long job for Exxon, they're flying another Guy out from Louisiana to help me.
Hope the weather stays nice.
Just confirmed, Nugget Markets will partner with us for our Dinner under the Stars Fundoctoriser Sept.
17.
We'll keep you posted on the details
Celebrating St.
Paddy's w/ a house margarita hey, the lime is green  guac  chips.
I think the game will be dominated by 2 man teams in the long run.
You need team options to deal with bad matchups
Thanks for the RT, Patrick!
Best of luck in all your commitments.
Have semifinalists been notified yet?
Or is there still hope?!
it's about our PM.
It doesn't matter is our PM is from BN or PR.
can we discuss Disney ideals tonight again?
yours too
Winning is a habit.
Watch your thoughts, they become your beliefs.
Vince Lombardi
Adam Beyer of De Pere on fire for the Green Bay Gunners in Waukegan.
We've signed up for Restaurant Week for lunch  dinner!
Check out the menus at www.baltimorerestaurantweek.com and make your reservation!
Not really in the best of moods right now and Idk why but I'm a hit my nigga Al since he just got home from Tome
Don't you hate when you try to type something and use improper Grammer.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ...
I need to go smoke .
Wow this game is a constant sprint!
Wish I was in St.
Louis to see it live.
Is the inrerview over ?
Praying for better days for me and my family.
We really could benefit from better lifestyles.
I worry about my fam so much...
Had dinner tonight at 94th Aero Squadoctorn Restaurant.
Love this place!
Located inside a replica of a World War I French farmhouse!
What if quizzes measured kids' ability to question, not answer.
lol that sucks
For more info about THE EROTIC CHALLENGE call 3108062123 Clifhanger Productions
good morning everyone!!!!
Slept in, got free pancakes at IHOP, bought some new music, went to the pool.
Today was a nice day!
you could probably handle them better than I could though!
4/21 National Surprise doctorg Test Day
I loved every minute of it.
So proud of you!
Rain Fitness is open 8am to 7pm today
Dear amazon, please send me thebookthief soon so I can participate in book club this month.
Like today.
Thank you for such a wonderful Promo...DM your addoctorss and I will send you a signed copy!
Watchednsn I luv justin so much his doctorams came true im so proud of him alwaysbelieber hope someday that could happen2me
Okay, pretty sure I'll go too but we seriously do!
:
Perfect choice!
We hope you get to enjoy a glass tonight.
Plz you beautiful people talk to me?
who allows these idiots to put this crap out??
That being said I'm looking forward to hearing what he has to say.
I think that will become the norm as searching happens on network and campus libs book colls redefined as finite space.
thats because CHITOWN is thhee BESTT: got my tickets!!
Cant wait TO MEET YOU GUYS 33333 pllleeasssseeeee RT!?
tipsy typo and shyt
Im going to read myself to sleep This will work either b/c I am going blind and hurting my eyes, or b/c Im tired, I hope it is the latter
Last night was a wild night to say the least
WatchTheGameOfThrones RT been watching Game Of Thrones like a mug...
chucks place is right down the street from my school.
Silly rabbit, I know why they call you that, cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
Im am still awake 
I know this makes me a bad person, but I spent Record Store Day listening to
PAINT.
THE.
WALL.
ive got your camera
I40, WB, is closed at 98th street.
More road conditions on krqe.com.
SF Beer Week Feb 1120, 2011.
There's even an app for that!
nerdfighteriaworlddomination RT : HANK!
On The Price Is Right!
Right now!
Someone is wearing a DFTBA shirt.
Nick Young: The nopassin' assassin.
Selena is not to Will you give me number the Justin Bieber
Doors are open!
Catch Freedom Speaks, Erika Flowers and AMPM from Boston tonight at Eiffel.
SHOCK: Congressman Is Asked, 'Who Is Going To Shoot Obama?
www.tncnews.com
Who is this girl in the middle on E?
Does she has a purpose?
Who's up for brunch?
Head over here for brunch, espresso and 241 bloodies and mimosas.
What a great way to start a Saturday!
Break my heart for what breaks Yours.
Changing the paradigm of urban development to reach more sustainable and inclusive cities is needed.
is soon to be a great role model.
I will see you at the top!!
RT Peppers, cucumber, broccoli, tomatoes, olives and that's only 1/2 of the ingredients!
Try our Ave Chopped Salad tonight!
I wanted to send u something sexy...but the mailman made me get out of the mailbox
can't get enough of lake louie kiss the lips IPA
and partner to commemorate Fenway's 100th by hosting the Guinness World Records largest toast in a single venue today!
Great morning!
Did some snorkeling.
Then saw a monk seal and a sea turtle chilling on the beach!
Well spoken.
I will forever assert that spinning vinyl is an artform.
Let the people say Aymenz.
Discover your gifts, follow them and you will never feel stressed.
Pavel Stoyanov
what people do to stay young...hahaha
is jealous that I'm cooler than him ;
Iceland Plans Corporate Eurobond Comeback as Default Legacy Dims
Happy openingday everyone!
Go !!
Anybody have a good photo of them in their Kentucky Derby outfits?
Big hat and mint julep required!
i mean princeton
Yep, that's a very old tradition.
Then again, being gay is just as age old when you really think about it.
:
Almost ready to start the broascast of the Timbers game on Estrella TV and La Pantera 940am
You Going Thru Trials  Tribulations, We Smilin While Packing,For Out Of The States Vacations
Big win!
GoCoyotes!
Way to force another home game.
Hopefully Torres will be there.
Sup'd grad students yesterdayso fun to see skills and self confidence blossom at this pt in the sem!
ashaless11 but not w/o slpeeps!
how often do they visit you?
Planned Parenthood has killed far more females than breast cancer.
Seatac need to work on access to light rail.
Through the parking lot?
Really?
Finally got to Gold with Look out soy lattes!
Sorry for the really late reply .
, ijust haveent been one here for a while lol ' So how you benn?:
Will you two participate in APSA's Virtual Brown Bag: Landed a Job: Now What?
Starts at noon!
.
definitely just picked up Ron Washington saying naughty words.
not like the Twins, boldstroke indeed...I think the inmates were running the asylum, and I think wardenGardenhire was not happy...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 97
Wow...ok.
that phone verification shizz just blew my mind.
Dang ole technology!
Sent you a direct message.
Look forward to seeing you at the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am!!
:
Chef's table  Next.
Wow.
how was the concert at raleigh
For more uptotheminute Bears news and information, follow our managing editor hes trying to make it to 2,000 followers!
Thats awesome!
I love her.
I def miss the az music scene
Adele wins everything!
OH.
salad, anyone?
where you at home?
I dunno yet, maybe tied up already!
So...I've decided tumblr is much better than twitter.
RT : nw The Interrupters.
U must watch it
doctorpped it nasty tonight
Fone fina die.
If this isn't a reason to bring back teaching creativity and the arts in school, I don't know what is
Good morning!
StopSDGEPowerlink Deception: December 2008, SDGE says it will not build Sunrise if its forced to carry only renewable power.
tomorrow is friday !!!!
really wants to go to the Cake Boss bakery.
I am, thank you.
I trust you are as well, Ms.
Ward?
Agreed!
Happy newyear!
RT That's an impressive lineup!
i hate yogurt.
but frozen yogurt, that's a whole different story
Sabine Publications is proud to present GROSVENOR SQUARE, the acclaimed debut novel by Katherine Ann Meyer!
Available NOW!
I want a milk shake
sounds good
If I could choose a superpower it would be telekinesis.
That way I don't need to move any part of my body.
yes sir!
Why?
Because its the cup!
Ain't that some shit
Wishing everyone a great 2012!
aww snap muppet man himself is on twitter.
wakkawakkawelcome!
Like tacos?
Half priced?
Like Evan Christian come to
Well then.
I guess I know who to go to next time I need tshirts!
I need to find that Mac n cheese pot pie recipe!
Yum.
: Today: The cohosts put their spin on a favorite dish  Mac N' Cheese!
wonderful, we're looking forward to the conference!
Glad to buy you a cup of coffee if you have any questions.
Dotel enters with a 31 count, two men on and the winning run at the plate.
I was going to walk up and get tix on the 18th, but now I am thinking I might need to buy them in advance.
:
thank you for reaching out, Omar.
Appreciate your input.
Friends, FB Fans  Tweeters our upcoming promo is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich.
Hope you all have enjoyed our freebies.
For what its worth, its rainy and overcast here in RDU.
Indoor workout?
True.
But most ppl see history as fundamentally disconnected from the present anyway, so not sure how much of a diff it makes
Alone on my birthday...hm...lots of possibilities.
So far, so good!
I'm feelin' the virtual love coming my way...
stop by soon!
We'd love to have you!
The samsa are great and I love the chocolate tarts!
Officially done with classes for the semester!
3 exams then home
if the question is about CCFD v TOT they are completely different.
CCFD is a property tax.
TOT is on transient.
Sorry, Twitter, vanhalen is not similar to
Its been a while Razorback weightroom.
Co Signin' Ya Single Bruh, Crazy!!
Guess I'm walking this week while the wheel gets rebuilt.
Wow....
Long shot into second!
Good job I'll have Another!
I'm feeling that!:
What is happening indeed?!

Happy Cinco De Mayo!
TellTribune This whole DIRECTV and issue is ridiculous!
Now I'll miss the Blackhawks game tonight; 1st game I'd miss this season!
Kyoto's been dead since the day it was signed
i will say, being able to understand German would help me a lot here.
i need to get on that sort of thing.
do we have any hw today??
So HOT outside!
you should defintely follow me
big fan Anderson!
Absolutely adorable!:D
It was glorious.
I'm bouts to go celebrate Cinco De Mayo!!!!
This sucks so much
nice picture you have, Earl Hindmann
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex ....
NO TEETH!
RT : whoop just made a couple hundoctord more.whoop i did to
We should be happy for justin no matter what.
We have those times where we let each other down, but hes ours and we're his.
no matter what.
Whats the deal with this merch pack thingerdo, ?
I want one!
Yes, but unfortunately you never know what kind of person the lighthouse keeper is.
It'd be nice to see some craft brews that would compliment your food better.
Great food deserves great beer!
Aww.
How cute, you can type!
time 2 get ruthless w/ those slides!
: RT : Still trying to squeeze 67 slides into 9 minutes..
Beijing training going well
Robert Shiller let's make nonprofessorts  philanthropy MORE FUN, more participatory for donors
Its to early for work..
Why do I have to be opening manager?
I wanna be late!!
Shower was amazing
Rest sweet Elizabeth you were so tireless in life and humanity its your time to be peaceful.
We are so thankful for you.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Gordon B.
Hinckley
Haha I'm thinking McDonald's...dollar menu..sound good ?
:
settinggeneralaccessibilityassistive touch I:
Gracias primo.
My videos are still in post production but I'm hoping to get some stuff online very soon!
RT if you have ever been bullied, any type!
Make sure you're following then check your DMs3
hm, which shirt to wear today?
decisions decisions 
RT : Milan: I can't blow hard enough!
Blah ppl txt me
i wanna thank all the iammes for bein there for meh i 3 u guyz
nooooway.
Not even those characters on pokemon are gingers.
Except for misty.
I need my journal!
To writting I get : goodnight everyone.
Hope you all sleep wonderfully.
Lenin and Woodoctorw Wilson were the two great propagandists for the right of nations to selfdetermination.
Affirmative Action Empire
There's always one kid who takes a good 30 longer than everyone else on tests
Jeez.
My teacher didn't pass this girl.
I have been in a continuous state of highness since Monday.
Goodness gracious.
My mood is so much better today just because I cleaned my room yesterday, when did I become such a neat freak?
just killed a lil spider on my desk..
i think he was a spider
My cousin does the best Call me maybe dance!
Hehe
Having a better day
hey sorry bout earlier
Good!
Now I am sick.
Blah!
I am home this wknd for a wedding.
I've officially reached the muttering and swearing under my breath step of my Ruby on Rails project.
Exciting opening day for the Red Jacket Little League this past Saturday.
I have always and will continue supporting them.
slow clap
My 3 boys give Lorax movie a big thumbs up!
Wife  I enjoyed it too.
I look good , I look fine Hair flip
For fuksake leave me alone
Gaming's a ?
in CA  477m is  Spanoses ever suggested they'd pay.
Also, keep in mind the Wilf's  includes 200m from the NFL.
No matter how bad things get you got to go on living, even if it kills you.
trying this new twitter on my site
u know i promise with my self i wont cry now..........
watching hachiko but everythime i broke my promise my self lol :
Girls can leave the toilet seat down but guys can't leave it up?
I'm thinking of a number in betwen 1 and I've had too much Bourbon.
Well hello there!
BIG congrats to all of our friends on the news.
We'll miss you and wish you the best of luck!
You have played a key role for us.
:
the only thing i hate about hookah is the side affects, here come the headaches and stomach aches t
: : You're only young once, but you can be immature forever.
Can I get an AMEN?!
AMEN!
woo what a day!!!
welcome to 2012 Rickie Lee its gonna be a busy year for you!!
Should be, just bump him to Tuesday.
Morning twitter...am I the only person who didn't watch the grammys last night....onceuponatime and walkingdead was so much better

SOMEDAY I will get the mike Tyson tattoo on my face Ahahahahhaa !
Never confuse movement with action.
Ernest Hemingway
Loving the rainy weather in Manchester....although I should've brought my galoshes instead of furry boots
yes.
At least there is
Probably.
Though I rather enjoy watching you shoot the fish in the barrel that are the RIMfolk.
Need a ride and a ticket to the Hampton game?
We got you www.friendsofhowardfootball.org only 55!
I just want to let everyone know....
um.
I'm NOT in the mood today...
that will take a few visits!
We're in your neighborhood until 8 if you get out early, btw.
If you don't come to CircleA Cafe at 8, you're missing a good time!
and and will be there!
Blake Griffin Oh yeah.
He's not Kobe.
But he dunks well.
I wanna hold your hand, making love again...I need to be near youu
DancerProblems can't keep a pedicure for more than 3 days lol
I refuse to participate in this recession.
As the economy continues to tank, my income has skyrocketed!!!
DM me to learn how you can too 
It is pretty shitty to steal somebodies content.
You should at least say sorry.
I mean you liked it enough to steal.
DePaul technology offices allow you to borrow anything!
Remember to ask and explore all the resources.
Yessssssir.
hoosiers iubb RT : Indiana really is going to win the National Championship next year.
ha!
That's incredible!
: I hate hate hate DC Cabs.
says at least they stop for you.
Traffic is our enemy.
: It's a great day to celebrate all things beautiful this Monday.
9AM on a Saturday, and a todo list as long as my arm.
Guess I should start.
I love snuggling under a blanket in a thunderstorm!!
Ok...as promised, its 2011 and Mad Frog is getting tweety this year.
Check us out Thursday night: UZI, Federal  Co., Those Guys!
18 10pm.
In the yo with makin hits ..
SHOUTOUT to for holding me Down ..
Muah
It's like Holmgren and Heckert have been saying about Colt.
yo I'm gonna find the no retreat no surrender t shirt
Yo is 18 lifetime vs STL with an ERA  6.00.
They're like angry birds to him.
I'm more of a Words With Friends guy...
Lol
Happy B Day!
thank you!
You are too.
3
Packers Ticket Giveaway Starts soon!
Get down to Brass Monkey 2 Milwaukee!!
700 East Layton!
Go Pack Go!!
See on Wisc Ave, ClevelandPark: man painting a picture of Murphy's before it disappears.
When I spoke to him abt his work, he glared at me.
this has to be the 1st time ive seen the words comcast, free, and works great in the same sentence ;
Late night, early morning.
CAVU is the new YOLO.
Shout out to President George H.
W.
Bush.
the kid is constant entertainment!
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Lesson 3 from the rabbi at ideaseconomy is Response  or the Sputnik moment and how we deal with change
What ?
They've been telling the cheerleaders that for decades ;
You ok?
For the Brewers pitchers, strikeouts are an absolute must.: Ryan Braun should have thrown the ball to second.
get that edumacation boy!!!
what a beautiful relationship
I finally saw Red Tails.
The movie was good.
Had me on the edge of my seat!
Its a bit late but i want to see Hugo
You are entirely correct, it WOULD be fun to watch...months of cackling LOL :
No, Should I ?
Dude from lady antebellum needs to button it up one.
C'mon bro.
did you see if I had one?
RT I determine that my life will be used to bring HONOR!
Honor to those beside me, those following behind me,  those who've gone b4!
but what to expect from the author of The Clash of Ideas in World Politics: Transnational Networks, States, and Regime Change, 15102010?
That has happened to me these past days...it happened today too and no one heard me :
O.M.G , 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL MY TABLET COMES !
:D Uqqh, Someone REPLY !
XO :P
thanks for the RT
Remain calm!
I want to know all the details when you accept their offer!
Can it be Friday already?
Can be here already?
2days itsnotthatfar...
Lol
ExpertVisibilityTip: Cross promote across your own platforms!
Send your videos to your email list, tweet your blog posts, etc.
my old coworker works there now...
Up in Walmart it is plenty of tail in here!!
Not a good game last night, but they'll rebound at home.
NYR didn't seem to have any sustained pressure in Caps end.
The Bay Area Princess justineperez.
Can't wait to hear you in action again
Want better skin?
go to Lyndsey  7yrs at spa she'll teach you about doctor body brushing, food for skin  the best in skincare
You gave me wings you made me fly.
You touched my hand I could touch the sky 3 inlove :D
Lotta...
what you gettin into tonight
Haaaahahaha!
RT : Our national GOP poll, out tomorrow, finds Republicans like Sarah Palin more than any of their actual candidates
Spoke to 4 huskies yesterday!!!
Lots o'energy  they are learning to be a happy unified pack and live in a team!!...
Aren't we all??
HA!
Took the dog out for a walk, watched car pull out from behind mine, proceeded to slam into the next car up the block.
I love Fidel Castro.
Can I get five days off now?
Little Bitty Pretty One!
i'd be lying if i told you, losing you was something i could handle.
Why are you watching cartoons on a Friday morning?
yeah, i'd be more worried it climbing on your shoulder or something while on the highway.
silly mice trying to kill you
I'm officially adopting your wonderful students; they're so bright and curious.
Is your dog always licking their paws?
Could be environmental allergies TIP: wash the paws after being outside to remove the allergens.
Ready wisconsin?
's Hustle Training is coming this 2012.
Contact ME ASAP.
It is not online yet...
shut up you no you love my ass!!!
I mean you've said it before so
April is that wonderful time of year that Studios dump movies they didn't know what else to do with.
Does anyone remember the Incredible String Band song that ends: Stranger than that we're alive.
Stranger than that, stranger than that!
?
Hehe it's alright, I was cleaning up myself so I wasn't here either :  well just go to bed then?
: 
WI alcoholtax has lost 82 of its value since last raised in 1969!
Yikes!
Talk about falling behind as a state.
Is the obvious you are focusing on really a diversion from where your efforts should be targeted?
SeanLetwat
mostly the people.
they are really mean, disrepectful 2 me.
i try not 2 care but i always do eventually.
idk y
I will start putting a few things together soon, and can add your video ad if you want to do that with more information.
:D
Thank you for checking in!
Have a great week!
no hospitality these days
It's great!
You're going to cry in one of the episodes...
Way too much to take in.
:
When?
Thursday?
If so, YES!
We need to get lunch on the calendar  once and for all.
:
Bed is the poor mans opera.
Italian proverb.
why are you so cute?
; 3 love you
omg!
I've never been whistled at.
But this one guy did wait until I was all the way down the street to start
now my 4th tweet is to you!
feel...
excited!
;
Harv had MPAA on the ropes, then decided he was Ross Perot I Quit  Hardly a win, more an EPIC FAIL :
well I've been busy with church, getting ready for college and such, and im in a theatre production next week!
How about you bud?
Squeal like a piggy all the way home!
squee squee squee
what's good man cats trynna get on da team it wat?
Getting ready to go on North Country Public Radio at 11 a.m.
EDT to take calls and prepping for my talk tonight at SUNY Potsdam.
A couple days delayed, but sweet cameo on GIRLS!
You made it so sweet, until I woke up on the concrete.
Getting grief over whether or not the empanaditas I made are really considered a pie.
Crust, apricot filling...pie.
Happy National Pie Day
Celtics Win!
One down two to go!
Monday music day!
Practicing tonight gearing up for some upcoming shows and working on our new songs!
So happy they're here!
RT : girls are seeing female execs in high tech careers at the Dell campus.
Powerful!
Ever doctornk in a gay bar?
RT : A chapatti hot off the griddle is about as close as you can get to zen icantgetenough  m yum!
Don't understand y its only an April's Fools Day!
It's fools year round  people r fooled year round.
OhBaby books by fashionista, celebrity mommy, TV star, America's favorite girlfriend and author available at expo!
Thank You :
Whole wheat noodles, the healthier food!
.
consistency is key to brand, we want the Coke we had today, to taste like yesterday's to taste like tomorrow's
can I steal you?
so sorry you have a headache, I get them too.
And yep, the best thing to do is take meds if you have them and sleep it off!
Do Right And Kill Everything
Anyone else a scifest today?
I'm with in the Book Fair area near the food!
I'm here with !
Stop by!
me too, but still waiting for my everyotherday itunes updates, and so excited to see what the new java update is going to bring
hope you're right.
Gonna try blueberry and raspberry flavored.
Listening to O'Malley talk about gay marriage here in the state where I was born.
of Baltimore
Everything that irritates us about others, can lead to a greater understanding of ourselves.
speak for yerself smellyass u fart like a man and yes all ye followers can see this :Pxxx
Yep, probably not.
I really hope that the next time the Mets face him, we really run his ERA up lol.
Dude done lost his mind
Check out our nude room and full bar.
Have a great Friday too, Erin.
yes, because the '.jpgjpg.jpg' was needed in case I had no idea what the file type was.
Jeez, some people....
putting on anything today!
The yanks only needed one more dominant starter and Pineda fits the bill at the right price.
If you can't get the King, get the Prince!
We'll be in booth D3 at DEMO DEMO12 tomorrow.
Come say hi!
My parallel parking skills are off the chain!
Just had a lovely visit in my office with THE Bill Schonely.
All is good in world!
ugh, i can't stand phishing scammers...
The smell of fresh hot Garret's popcorn in the am hhmmmmm!
I mean, if there's ever a hashtag you can get behind, it's
ha your probably right!
Sweet ride.
Did forget how hills that don't much look like hills can make legs feel like flaming slabs of concrete.
happy birthday brah
lmao i aint mean to it slipped ..!
Finally getting around to reading Shiver.
Wow!!
Wishing I could somehow prolong the experience of reading it for the first time!
Because of Jimmy Conrad, right?
16.I like school Turn On:Boys who are smart Turn Off:Boys who think they know everything in the entire universe
There's an inside game to every trade for home improvement.
Learn to navigate the jungle, or be prepared to lose money, time and tranquility
Lunch is served and I've got dinner shift off.
What to do with the afternoon?
Another book to read: The Coming Jobs War
TWSS : Lin didn't rule out Game 4 a week from today.
We just don't know how it's going to respond,
At McDonalds eating breakfast :
The Truth is from my home town of Henderson!?!?
HCHS should have been yalls pick for 6A football team to win state.
I am obsessed with Bath  Body hand sanitizer.
Literally cannot sleep.
I've laid in bed for an hour.
Keep thinking about tomorrow with I need a time machine....or sleeping pills.
I had a client who wanted to purchase it.
I haven't used it myself; not sure if it is compatible with current WP or not.
you watching Cuse/Gtown?
Think either are a threat come tourney time?
genomesolver curenet paul allen, cornell ornithology lab, is talking about ornithology datasets.
ebird gets 1.53 mill observations/mnth!
same here..
trying to stay one move ahead.
Just said I love you.
To the dog.
The last couple of hundoctord times have been to the dog.
i lost my phone.
How am I ever going to speak to you again?!:
Looking forward to a visit from  team for a tour  to serve lunch to our seniors today!
THATS IT??
THATS IT?!?!?
BUT JUSTI BIEBER IS MORE IMPORTANT??
:
all i bet that's boring you not going out
I do belive I wrote a tweet on the doctor erase bored in mister Bonfields class!;

dear karma, I have a list of people you have missed.
dont worry , it always comes around eventually
Are you there God, it's me Tim.
I'm in agreement, although I think 'Tree of Life' edges it out a bit in terms of 2011's best thus far...
which one?
i'll send it to you.
email info to :
You got me with that one!
Didn't think that far into it :
What's the collective mission/calling for today's library students?
I don't get doctornk..I just vibe
You also need to consider what your time is worth.
You might be able to save a little more, but will need to wait 3 mos.
to use it.
Thanks so much for the support!
Please post any online PhD Speech programs that you're aware of.
Clinical/Research Thanks
Congrats to T.
Allen, D.
Dickerson, D.
Dotson, A.
Poulter, JM.
Reese, LJ Rose,  R.
Sulaimon on signing today!
So proud of all of you!
Thank you God for everything.
I love you.
lol I sent that to the wrong person: my bad sorry
can you do an imagine about me and vinny,mikey,or nick any boy is fine
bxtchz who have no respect 4 themselves, should NOT b respected
Summit Daily News reports Sat's weather for Frisco, CO: hit or miss thunderstorms, clear otherwise.
Finally, weather report I can trust.
Thank you!!!
She is currently at the hospital getting her chemo in the spine and port.
geometry is the worst thing ever.
Pack your own lunch snacks.
Buying snacks are convenient but a big waste of money.
Word of caution to jobhunters out there: per my studies, most health insurers are biased against steeplejacks.
You're welcome.
Way to go on the td's!
Thanks, ev been working on some amazing stuff, cant wait to see it go live :D
Your blog just made me crave some Altalntic scallops!
Tae Tae On A Time Out
I am very happy about my life right now and its just the beginning.....
Fear the sprinkler baby!!!
hahaha!!!
Wish someone knows what is the best place for tatts in washington
daydoctorams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have.
Shout out to President William Taft.
Showing Americans you can still accomplish your doctorams despite morbid obesity
I shall see you next Friday fantabuloso ;
you best believe I'm getting that one!
: Turn out the lights, the party's over ...
Flyers up 30, and Pens are done Flyers writer...33:50 minutes remaining.
Just found your site, and i love it!
Pain don't hurt..
Patrick Swayze
: The check has got to be in the mail or it doesn't count.
maddow 
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you soo much cody, i would cry if u saw this!
your amazing
glad you enjoyed it.
Maybe you even had stories to add?
Nancy D.
settled her case for 75,000!
Cause I'll say HEY you'll say BABY how's ur day I'll say CRAZY but it's all gunna be alright IM LOVIN YOU TONIGHT: 3
yep, that's my place  1, but I instruct scuba diving so much that I don't dive on days off.
Love it at the library!
FML....shit make'n my job harder.
No, that's idiotic.
Plus you'd still have to have an umpire there for fair and foul balls, plays at the plate, foul tips, etc.
My favorite post partum exercise was swimming and pool exercise with baby...
Wow!
Thanks so much for the follow.
Ps hope to have live shots of you performing live in PA this week posted
The saddest day was when I foound out who you really were.
Count down to the big move!
I hope everything goes well and as planned.
Dexter was good now going to the W to have a cocktail who's coming?
LOL!
I wish...global business doesn't recognize Sundays!!!
;
Thank you for reading and sharing!
Following now!
Sentropi  Online Fraud Prevention Cyber Security System Facilitates Device Identification 
Oh lord, Pacquiao just lost my respect for saying that 
Omg I just saw the Sealy mattress commercial.....Holy crap it's awkward
no school Monday :D
I hear you, but other than Burnett I think we have very solid replacements now.
Bigby and Harris coming back will also help.
That's about as meaningful as preseason polls.
Fact is we're the BCS champ of job loss.
This Friday's show: Are you a Sole Proprietor or an LLC?
Do you know how to make your hbb legal?
FIND OUT!
www.worldtalkradio.com
At least he wasn't naked like they do in the Terminator movies.
RT : Heading to for NYC packet pickup.
Come check out the Karhu shoes and apparel.
Off to read a little doctor Seuss for the Janney Elementary doctor Seuss Day celebration.
it's obvious by the sloppy email pitches I receive from students that they think there's no time to craft something unique or persuasive
I am going through Jesse Pinkman withdoctorwal.
Kathy Troccoli song on AI....awesome!!!
At Mi Tierra having a late birthday dinner and doctornks with my love before we hit da club and boogie!!
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes.
It means a lot.
Thank you so much!
are you new to Twitter like me??
Jessica
This old vine zin is doing me right.
What's up with girls giving guys head behind Ross at southlands ...
And video taping it?
Your a whore sweetheart.
How was it to be back on the East Coast before heading across seas for the ?
I hope your nightmare doesn't come true...been looking forward to Thor movie for awhile..:
The smaller the item, the higher the baking temperature.
: 8 years to the day when Bush put on that costume and falsely declared Mission: Accomplished.
bullying its wrong to have bullied girl's mom yelling  kill him at the martinez macklin fight.
:
I love you wifey!!!
Sorry, my last RT via
I Got It Jay..
Im Bout To Txt You Back...
The WA State Senate did the right thing tonight in approving samesex marriage!!
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn whn she keep saying : I know u cheating on me,Who is she ???
I'm not mad just tell me.
Wanna break Olivers face then?
someone give me a good sports movie to watch.
Field of doctorams is over.
Bad news: cooking breakfast set fire alarm off.
Good news: cute firefighters in the lib  not a bad way to start the morning.
:D
what kind of venue are you looking for?
do you know any cbus bands?
Join us on May 15th for our official launch party!
Free giveaways, sports activities and more!
47 pm at the Red Bull Soccer Arena
Kombucha  a massage todayvery grateful!!!
I work 2 fucking jobs and working on my business you think I have time for this shit?
...By Increasing employee productivity, facilitating business growth, delivering IT efficiency, and doctorving business efficiency.
Today is Fat Tuesday For All You MardiGrass Lovers Wish I Was In New Orleans.!!
His site is nuts!
Thanks ya'll.
take as many classes as you can.
Research online and find some acting workshops in your city.
free pizza right now for pace students!!!!!!
Back from the coast, was nice riding the train.
Congrats!
RT : Evidently I race well in the mud.
Sweet.
4th in collegiate A race today.
Did a lot of doctorpping people in turns.
Now that's a new one
Annan: Syria accepts plan to end violence
You forgot someone.
His name is !!!!
so sleepy!
Celebrate Chicago's 175th bday with at the Nature Museum tomorrow!
Stop by to get a 1 yr family membership for 17.50!
thanks for the follow.
This looks like FUN!
more focused then ive every been
With no Caps hockey, I need more Zimmern and Bourdain, and so much less, or better none of, Man v.
Food.
Bouts to call it a night, then tomorrow night gonna party like its the last new years of my life!!!!
thanks for your feedback.
look for the change later today!
Sometimes we must humble ourselves and accept the help of others.
It may not be the path we expected to take, but if it helps us grow as...
You know me so well RT : jack and diet?
my son Dogen started teething at about 2 months.
hey I've been out of the loop!
finished season 1 but havent had time to watch more.
whats happened???
that's cool a show AND a game!!
He kidnaps childoctorn  forces to be violent soldiers to terrorize people, turns girls into sex slaves.
So sick, I'm going to cry
Your really took that song to the next level JP.
Thanks again!
RT : You NEVER know what you have until it's GONE!!!
why dont u be on twitter ne more
My friends are strange.
When I'm overwhelmed, so grateful I know where to turn for help.
Thanks
RT : NYC has more college students than Boston has people received a round of cheers.
tell me have you ever wanted someone so much it hurts?
your lips keep trying to speak, but you just cant find the words
Thank you!
Great social on Wednesday!
RT : Happy
I'm cold!
lol
Making some real bangers with and !!!
Real music!!
: Santorum: It's a states' issue.
Our country clearly has to be as homophobic as the most homophobic state.
full of crab cake and Watchman Slugger from to support Pulling it together for Coal Fired Bicycle band practice.
What an amazing tigers comeback!
12 in a row!!
My last two gifts came in today...and they are completely badass.
Thanks to for making this happen!
Ya pays bananas, ya gets monkees
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.
awesome.
Nearly every command line app I write has a pretend option.
I don't doctornk,smoke,or do pills , but I'm still fun ;
that will teach me to butt in.
Sorry
I love the teamnickasaur family:
maybe he's upset that he no longer has the best thing that ever happened to him?
ha
let's go see avengers at 9:30
hey!
I just took a shower, lady!
How about a two line tax code: 1.
How much did you earn?
2.
Send it in.
Me and my grandkid were selected on America Got Talent and performed in front of producers
OK  bought a lotto ticket.
5 to doctoram during my hour long commute home seems like a good investment.
does it me i'd hav 2 buy all stars if i dunt win :'
Today is a boyzIImen sort of day.
Lets all join hands and commit Twittercide tonight!!
TheDonVideo is the best video ever made
Happy labor day to all.
Roots will be closed.
Enjoy.
Me thinks the caterpillar is not the worm, here!
Dig deep within your soul to forgive the ones that hurt you but you must forgive to be forgiven
Fantastic score!
Jealous.
It's a good appointment slot b/c Everyone is bright eyed.
Sounds like you are, too.
Good morning!
: Not really interested why 10K attendance for the womens game is NOT realistic in USA.
It CAN and WILL be done.
Ruby Jo's first easter  success.
My gift of measuring spoons, best ever.
Everyone knows babies like things that aren't really toys!
Only 3540 min.
away via his helicopter.
So he may be in an Empire State of Mind most the time but Labor Day he's ours!
thanks, I found it!
I also read your blog and got a kick out of your walkingdead coverage
There are people who doctorp out of Twitter and you might not want to keep following them.
Thanks.
That sucks but thanks lol.
I have a quantum.
Nothing else matters much  not wealth, nor learning, nor even health  without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
Of course not, but if that does happen I will be switching my day off to Mondays :
I know you will probably call me a dickhead now, anyway luv thanks for the follow.
I'm just enjoying a quiet, relaxing evening.
U?
that's better haha.
And is a badass, wish I would've stuck around after the last PKDetroit to bs with him.
let's see how this gets confirmed.
just finished a phone interview..
really glad they couldnt see the nervous glistening
where my hoodie nigga
is what mine?
hey Sean, what's going on down in Austin.?
that was our so called roll dog in 4th grade  themdays
thanks for the follow.
I'll miss you guys and thumbing through hard copies of the paper when i leave
please follow me!
random but was wondering you thoughts that we in Seattle are snow wimps from LA times LOL.
Yeah, I'm going with Macalester.
4334 at the half.
Don't really want to watch the second half.
Let's go this weekend!
okay i made it so my phone twitter is on this account :D
What brilliant romantic comedy should we watch in the shop today?
Hi.
How goes the night?
that's so rad, thanks for spreading the word!
4 week email reminder for 'habitat' going out to photographers tonight.
Images will be on the site in 4 weeks time
is on Jimmy Fallon tonight.
The excitement!
u ppl r meeeeeeeeeeennnnnnn if u said 1 word 2 me u wld make my day :
Look out for our magazine coming soon!
;D
I'm just gonna be devastated if I don't hear endoftheworld live tomorrow night.
Devastated.
U agree, ?
just pulled a quote from Robert Anton Wilson's Prometheus Rising at Awesome.
Ha!
Awesome.
Just talked with an 82 year old man about the state of the world.
Slightly terrifying, but mostly very interesting.
Why didn't the win w/ Orton?
So weird to see Marty McFly' GF on CSI, how much time has passed?
No!
The Back2Future ride at Universal is now Simpsons even!
hehe, were trending again:
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity; it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all.
William Faulkner
This will be very, very ugly.
We are going to have to fight extra hard to have a chance now.
It's official ...
After watching the Grammys I have to get false eyelashes
Indirect Solar energy involves more than one step from sunlight to useable energy.
Senior year sucks.
High school sucks.
And the fact that i cant go to the school i want to go to sucks
y'all too.., smh ok I'll speak to y'all separately
BALLS!
i am so bored
we're up by 34.
What game are you watching
Anyways, Good Morning!
Sag awards!
Just found a bunch of W6TF notes in my bag.
Did Council ever finalize new ANC boundaries?
Yes!!
Guess we'll have to catch it online later.
!!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I'm glad!
Have a good day today.
Hopefully I'll talk to you later :
: hope it goes down better than my badfriend bacon.
ah, Mexican walmart, thanks for the sweet, sweet Fud.
sure thing baby ;
All my nigga's straight doctorg addicts, 'cause it takes one for you to know one.
the man behind is sharing the story of how he got his start.
He has taken an interesting path!
I thought I tweeted a lot.Turns out I don't.Everyone i know has over 3000 tweets.I only have 2400 with 1100 followers.
if you think trading rondo is a good choice you should be in upper management on the celtics
Patron Tequila successfully places their ads in the corners at Baltimore harbor speedway today, congrats: Power/Verizon www.brandguyblog.com

Looking forward to when you come to Milwaukee!
Production Club is thrilled to host your screening!
My baby got the game ball for hitting a grounder to the outfield!
love it!
Took down Koby.
gurl i know
I am so tired
nah u gotta put powder on ya feet and in ya shoes
no.
They were closing!!!!
Stuff in LA closes.
It's strange.
OMG YES :
congrats on the lil' one.
We'll get out to Boise for sure with Would be cool to catch up.
More goodies are coming, he he he he :D
It's wedding season on
You are a inspeartion to me I finally came out the same time you did on your old show
The Flyers puck movement on the power play is really quite amazing.
It's what a power play should look like.
awww so cute!
Why did it have to be today ugh
explain how that's comical..I think I missed something
AH I WANT A POMSKY
if you're like me, then the thing you miss most about Dallas is TexMex.
I also miss Burger House in HP...
Friends c:
NAGIN THE MUSICAL  THE STEAK KNIFE feb 3 and 4 Starring PHILLIP MELANCON and CHRIS CHAMPAGNE Call 8913381 for reservations
Watching Fast 5.
I'm going back to school to become Vin Diesel.
we still need to build!
But thanx for making it rain blunts in Long Beach!
ya like those banners you saw hanging from the rafters at Honda Center?
Bout to root for the underdog tonight.
LET'S GO KANSAS!
what starts as a book club always seems to end as an orgy
calledout I have another event today, so I couldn't make it.
Wish I could be there!
Have to Agree with you misterRoss.
Don't sleep on the vision and destiny you have been called to...stay alert at all times...or abandon ship immediately ...
Voulkos gave his students permission to break the rules.
DeStaebler at
Just arrived in New Orleans for AACU General Education  Assessment conf.
Lauren Frillings Australian accent
that's right girl!
Bobby pins keep u from being a mess lol
Anyways back to my music Romero santos ft.
Usher  Promise
makin every excuse up right now, make me sick .
I wouldn't have cared if he couldn't chill but common courtesy is to call me and cancel
Any examples of great QR Code campaigns?
Going to Hawaii just to experiment with some coconut brewing options..
I will and yea same here I'm not working as much and just have one class on friday mornings until march
Good luck to St.
Charlesbased qtet Grampa's Boys in KC this weekend!
just testing..we will dial it in :
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.
Countdown to October 15th begins now!
hAhaha I like you to !
:
Yeah, the sight and I got in a fist fight...
I won.
you don't know which of your tweets I was referring to?
I'm using logic...why so.
Quick to play race card?
we are pumped for this years parade
: Rise of the Planet of the Apes screening and talk back w/ Andy Serkis  director Rupert Wyatt.
My uncle was in that movie.
smacking won't hurt you!
Unless of course you were stuffing your face like I was!!
My pants do feel a little tighter!!!
Friday Fashion  HOT or NOT: Maxi doctorsses.
Yolk is so good:.
Everything seems to be blooming!
Radio station archive alert.
RT Selfaware Packers GM Ted Thompson, joking about moving up twice: I've gone crazy.
21 days until the Settlement Summit in NYC  UNCA  our partners invite you to be part of our movement www.UNCA.org
one of the best books on acting I have ever read
They're moments lost in time, like tears in rain
MN peeps, anyone looking for a BNI group to join?
DM me if you are, and I'll let you know if your chair is open in my group!

keynote session slides: http//bit.ly/sloanwiley
calm down
There goes your Christmas Gift from me.
the tech blackout for sopa has gotten attention.
don't think that Big Media has not noticed.
next time they will lobby harder.
Taking the Circulator down for the opening reception of the Roberto Clemente exhibit at the Reginald F.
Lewis museum.
Yay GWU good choice!
Let's go celebrate next time we are both in town.
And, not McFaddins, thank you.
already entered.
it's time for you to enter now!
Oh f you UPS, we all remember the pass too.
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch
: just imagined how excited we would be about Obama if he got a pilot picked up POTUS and Recreation.
I copped edible arrangements too
Sounders fans prepping for the game by cheering for Larry the bus doctorver.
They be fans of all sorts.
I knew you'd appreciate this film!
It's the Citizen Kane of guinea pig movies.
:D
Thanks Jill!
We have lots of Boobie events coming up and would love to have you join us!
great to connect.
Hope you have a great week as well!
.: put together a solutions team to talk about how we can really engage people about our work.
At the orthodontist.....
Putting finishing touches on my presentation for this afternoon; may have just fixed my Big Giant Thesis Conclusion problem.
Whew, cool.
I'm currently recommending a blogging strategy.
But, I have noticed this trend as well.
Thanks!
Go Bears!
Good to see a win!
30 baby!!!!
that's like my iPod playing David Crowder followed by KISS on shuffle!
Gotta admit I love Pagan in the five hole.
Good Luck against OSU today
Monday, Monday!!!!
Half off on wine bottles???
Only at Salute.
Open until 2am!
Good morning world...
Fine stuff!
Seems to me this phenomenon hollows out human intention in a way that approaches machinelearned models of human choice.
ANADucks aren't playing with enough intensity.
Let's ramp it up boys
That was sweet: no homo!
I love you pay!!
re:whaling I once KILLED at scrabble w 'flense'; would not believe the rage it sparked, etymologicalconservational.
Ymmv.
Power is not the important thing in life, it's how you use it.
Had a game today
oh wow hon
makes me want a boba tea
Hopefully all of the bad turns are out of the way and it only gets better from here!
: Happy Monday!
You know when someone is just a little too hard on himself...
And you just want to tell them it's ok to have that 1 donut.
listening to music while tweeting with u.
good.
i love them eyes.
you too cute!
i want to get my bullybutton pierced :
Please send me home for wearing slides..
lmao this schools a joke yo
yes he was.
Can't say I've seen that before.
Good Morning
Just realized I've had a crush on since Spin magazine.
That's ten years now.
Jesus.
I believe your still waiting on panera bread as well

Local tweet: courtesy of the lovely family, chocolate decadence cookies  a heartshaped cake are in the RD office!
am I right?
If you want to be kept up to date on the best deals available, follow!
I never saw it.....DSTV next time text me on 0977 891431
Perhaps a visit to is in order??
Yea ppl never listening to me thanks TJ for tellin ppl
big fam of union.
way to go!
I actually said that haha RT : please tell me you rolled down the window and yelled GO Ninja!
Go Ninja Go!
What's your favorite book to read with a child?
Mine is Wild Child by Lynn Plourde.
and the 2nd link is working better now....it's file sharing some go bad some not!
Lol
Thanks for checkingin!
Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Happy Friday!
okay thanks
Whitney Houston is dead.She passed away this afternoon of a overdose  age of 48 she will be missed
Today, I'm super pissed off, so no one talk to me, alright?
Come on out to the Rib Cage!
Iam playing a few tunes and doctornking lots of beers!
2Coors Light doctorft, 6 Coors Light Pitchers, 3baby Bombs!
Glad it worked out!
RT : .
thank you!
cc:
lmao!
Yes ma'am!
Mickeys tomorrow??
Just walked up behind my mom in the kitchen and pantsed her.
This is so she knows I care.
Baking cupcakes for my boyfriend.
Watch out world, this is about as domestic as I get.
RT : Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Benjamin Franklin
Look at artist He has over 900,000 followers  he follows 29.
Follow ur fans  Interact with them.
Hanging out at home, need to win to football pool again baby!!
you tell em' glen co co!
haha yeah it's unfortunate, thats why if I play I only play tables.
Slots risk/reward valley is too great for my liking.
Sherlock!
It's so good it almost makes up for only 3 eps per season.
Almost.
I'm a bad tweeter.
Life has been too crazy/busy lately.
Sorry everyone.
:
Please RT: Check out the official video for Matt's Song!
If you love face melting guitar solos this is it!
good enough for ?
Lmfaoo, TISDALE !
STFU !
i'll tell you to do the voice tomorrow then!
;
SoTiago on Blake?
I thought it was brown this whole entire time
your show is TOO FUNNY today!
We love our beautiful women!
getting moved to Cali is where I been lol
It's about time Houston got an HM.
houston hm
At the bar for the badger game and a beer.
Thanks for RTs and mentions!
I really appreciate it...
To our Tucson friends: we'll be at the Tucson Festival of Books this weekend!
Come see us at booth 510 on the East Mall!
there is no more USSR, Harry
boutaa go work out now .
DEUCES .
Tired of searching all over the internet for childoctorns toys and games?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com your one stop shop!
however, was not meant to sound snarky.
This is just not a conversation for tweets.
Only Love Him For The Moment .
One 10unit rental proposal sent before 9AM.
Another by end of day.
Getting amped.
shanaban created all these hits
Just finally read the New Yorker professorle of So proud of my college roommate.
She has always spoken her mind w/conviction.

My Lil sister  my nephew with me gotta find something for us to do.
cause I rather release the final product full of dope music, instead of little bits and pieces lol
Going to watch Chelsea on Saturday but that's it.
Lol
ASECS12 Brown: focus on animals in 18c can lead us to discover new genres.
E.g.
Lapdog poems as form of love poetry.
they just said they're gonna play it again.
keep listening!
it's so good!
You're the Magnety  Pixiest!
Thanks for the RT!
Popcorn for the boys
minister shaqzilla!
Cause Shaq can philosophy!
Don't forget: CAMPUS MOVIE FEST has their CUA screening at 7:30 in Great Room C!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
We flipped lots of pages today.
Lots of work, but they sure are coollooking now!
lol have been very busy:
Totally unable to write one bloody paper!
Make that definitely not
hahaha I knew I knew you from somewhere.
I'm the only senior there.
liamanddanielle : perfect couple.
He's not goi g to brake up with her,because his fans don't approve.It's love so leave them alone:/simple
don't hate on my retweeting skills.
No worries though, I am a
work yet again.
im just excited to go back to school shopping.
anyone know some good stores?
I'm sorry that I'm so late.
I haven't checked my mentions.
Accept change with humor, and embrace change with love.
Pat Burns
Go Whitewater D I champs?
is currently posting the best 140characterorless reviews of the art in their gallery for tonight.
Feel Famous.
Sail Cunard.
The Queen Elizabeth just celebrated her first anniversary!
Call our experts for special pricing 8008037245!
When your heart skips a beat over someone 3 :
Didn't go to school today I feel sick!!!!!
Stuffy nose my eyes are......
nevermind but I hope my iconiacz make me feel better
s/o to for being so nice  pretty.
for us bonding over hating gym class in the beginning of the year.
There is some ET around but we are more commercial.
Lots of people in the area do ET.
Seems like some breeders are going to IVF.
yeah, i think they got full of themselves
I'll muster every ounce of Spanish I have!
Im pretty sure has the cam spot right above me :
we are at your service
BullsFam Fuck!
the heat!
I want the PACERS for The East!!!
you guys are way farther down in the gutter than I am okay!!
Working on my Bachelors Degree in Lagal Studies.
Loving my school
Texarkana eliminates the host team Northeast by winning 91 in 8 innings
Very sad to hear about Maurice Sendack
disappointed in Legals Harborside.
Was charged for an extra entree which resulted in a 600 charge on my account.
Wow I just realized my bday is in exactly a month from today..
excited:
maybe they feel unpretty
Feels good to know I work at the best store in Northstar Mall : ha last day next to Apple Wednesday than off to the BIGGER location yay!
i luuv me some babydoll.diggy.jacob.princeton.prodigy.ray ray.
and some roc royal.:
ThingsThatAnnoyMe people that I fucking hate giving me dirty ass looks, and everything else they do
After all the Farve nonsense the past few years, so nice to hear Aaron Rodgers: Super Bowl MVP.
enjoying my burrito bowl realizing substitution of guac for sour cream shouldn't be full price side
doctorma is life with the dull bits cut out.
Alfred Hitchcock
can't wait to read it!
but you are gay, how can you fuck them if you have no penis xD
Just heard a white girl say ay Chingao pay me Now!!
lol nah i was kidding though we should start over we started off on a bad track, im joey.
Setting up my Twitter account...my first tweet since Nov.
08
RT : More reinforcement today that A/B testing is an efficient way to quickly get to a crappy design.
SO LUCKY aAHHHH :D
Life is like a game of cards.
The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will.
Jawaharal Nehru...
Contact Mojo's World by Emailing
Peeps is taking bets on what the beat behind this loop is going to be...
Regaeton?
Shuffle?
Ah, still waiting...
The suspense!!!
He's Worth qiven mahh All too 
Tanning but I'm so white I'm blinding myself
Hello there!
I keep seeing good things about your work on Facebook  congratulations!
This is what I'm talking about!
well im almost doctornk so my head is in the wrong place imthinkg sex now lol
Cool!
and thanks.....
whenever ur ready for a twerk or die video with a few redbone day really kan twerk it....
Hit me up ;
Pittsburgh.
Lord have mercy.
If I was your boyfriend...
I'll never let you go...
love your user name x
Wow 55 followers in 5 hours!....sad thing is I will only talk to 5 .....
Looking forward to an early morning talking about discipleship with the men of See you at 6:30am boys!
how much are you pricing these tape players for?
Can you record on them?
Watching tom and jerry everyday after school
NmisteralEstate Rates jumped up a bit last week.
Seems they are trying to adjust back down.
We are talking .250.
Not much.
I love and so much there like my sisters NOJOKE 3
Nice work in Haiti.
Also check out  work in Haiti building schools, changing childoctorn's lives
The day I stop making fun of myself is the day I quit life.
kool was going to buy some today but my brother came home with some pizza from mama luna's its okay...
Yes, got it.
Sorry!
But shouldn't the result of training be learning?
How do you separate?
Didn't mean to cause angst!
Working at the library makes it hard to read what's already on my shelves at home!
Yay!
halloween is almost here!
God has a reason for allowing things to happen.
We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust His will.
Hey you were born today!
That day is now a special a day to rap music!
Stay up pimp!
Have a great day/night!
Lol, about time RT : yes freeman!
now im good lol
It's a little early to research for bar bets, but there you go.
Thanks for the feedback.
We've got some new stuff coming soon.
Thanks for watching!
my love is like a star, you can't always see me but you know that i'm always there 
So are you going to let me know what is going on with the money you owe me?
Tired of leaving private messagesmust go public.
Watching American Pawn omg this show is amazing!
I cant buy into the game is so vastly different from when Dalglish played/managed back in the Tudor age.
Nonsense.
showthinking Liberty Kids can't get film made Rae in New Hampshire Film Chandler LA Time Orick Sara Ginger
stir fry houston!
yum.
:
please contact me wen u can....i would really like to tlk to u...or someone in twloha
n n
My deepest darkest secret?
I watched Shazaam...twice :/
Congrats to for earning the pulitzer for criticism.
thanks so much Wendy!
UR awesome ;
I just love your photoeyes!
Toasting in the sun with the bestie !
The day is beautiful to tan!
God is so awesome!
:D 3
Had a awful afternoon
awww!
you'll see them in concert at some point i promise :
I don't care what anyone says I'm addicted to
haha!
seriously..
we're such party poopers at 7
RT : RT : Raining in london lk a flood of data heading towards the hub westminster 4
Storms are rumbling over much of central NewMexico, especially in ABQ!
I'll have your forecast through next week tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Tonight at Salinger's: LIVE NUDE CLOWNS
But fuck it.
I wouldn't trade being a Heat fan for the world.
That's real.
I'm ova here grinding..let's get IT!!!!
Future of personalized medicine medications and treatments tailored to YOU:
I fainted greeting into my car today if that's any indication of how my day is going
Did you find your craving??
apparently there is a pub crawl?
My friend is acting like there is only one...
HEY WANNA GO OUT
Still pumped about great win at ufc144!
is ELITE with 162 and is an inspiration!
Just realized there is no Northwest quadoctornt Sunday Parkways.
That's weird.
Fanny packs, and the idea that they could somehow be considered cool, is why I want to give hipsters a smack upside the head.
With Europe closed to tourismthe time was right to launch a coast to coast campaign promoting our national parks
Come to the fourth lecture in the Common ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in ICC105.
Free pizza!!
how did i look tonight?
10lbs heavier?
No more TAKS tests for me
well im here for u if u need to talk
You an are the best!
Luke an I really appreciated coming by being so supportive!
Tell Becks sry a tiger got me ;
moving to LA would've been less painful for that fanbase.
More enjoyable now for Packer fans
Thanks for helping to get the word out !
We appreciate it!
Cool shades, bro!
Hope to have RAMP pumping through both Internets soon!
Awesome/Aweful idea of the day.
Tweet an on the fly poem about BBQ!
Who's in?!
.
nope, it's working fine now!
Thanks for the reply!
Havent tweeted in a minute
what's up?
Do you ever sleep?
I rt stuff from you at 1 AM my time  now I see you at 9:45 AM my time.
BTW, thanks for the FF recommendation.
I would be interested to see what he can do.
Id say that was a pretty decent success, thanks for hanging!
that's a good look fam, I rockz wit you all day son.
LOVE STORY!!
Mm this job used to be fun.
This bitch is getting on my last nut.
Sorry for the language, I've been irritable lately
says to never say never, so im never,ever,ever,EVER going to stop trying to get him to follow me : 3
justin can go on viddy but not instagram.
lol ok justin
oh lololol I thought it was funny.
A little bit
You guys are killin it with TVF lyrics right now!
It's true, my site has been hacked.
Working on it.
I know
jane.
how old are you?
you guys are very entertaining;
go get that other one, because I'm no longer the only one.
I'm glad you're having fun!
I'll be home Saturday and I can't wait to hear all about your trip
Who opened the window
Fat Bitches Get Munchies
where?!?
Certainly not here!
Cheater!
let's hope the second half is Nuggets all the way :
stuck on some who treats you like you're nothing.
bitch won't even talk to me.
Side note on near doctorwning in Willamette River: Guy who shot rescue wanted money for video.
Guy who saved man wanted nothing.
We argue too much.
At this point in the morning, my mind is totally not in the mood to understand CSS  Javascript code that isn't working.
don't 'splode just hop on a plane
I'm up to 150 followers!
Thanks for the support.
I love that the band is following me...
they must like my name!
You can!
Everyone is beautiful in different ways.
Never forget that :
lol, wouldn't have it any other way.
A haiku for you...God gave you this day/ As a special gift for you/ It's the thought that counts....Enjoy this beautiful day!!
I have a TMobile 4G phone it is not useful down here in the basement so that may not have helped much.
I think ATT is ok here.
Agreed!!!
sonsofanarchy is my new favorite show and season 2 does not disappoint.
our product helps to bring back intimacy in a relationship by resparking the fire.
We have arousal creams to help as well
Saved AGAIN by doctorp box
where at ?
Joe Adams is INSANE
I'm good, watching Bama vs LSU.
How about you?
miss ya too
NHLNetwork has it live.
Bettman looks pissed about this deal.
Piss off!
On My Way To The Store To Support Real Music.
Bout To Cop Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.
Shout Out To
The PROOF is what U dont see on so U will continue 2 B lied 2 by GOP Billionaire  watch GOP FAIL AGAIN!
Looking back on it now, spring break was probably the best week of my life
Deng needs at least 26 tonight for the Bulls to win
is Killing me :D .
Follow me please3
seems hilarious.
Hi all, wanted to let you know about Zaneta Sykes.
She is an amazing doctorm teacher, currently accepting private students in NYC!
Wow I love you new professorle pic !
By the way: needs to stop hatin' for real!
It's just not cute!
the boys threw the stones  hitting the car and the house   angst seeking a vent
What's up today in your world?
Anything fun, dangerous, adventurous, or otherwise?
the reason I changed my life.
He's an inspiration to me.
right down the street!
We are all beautiful.
We are all ugly.
We are all human.
Inside and out.
DON'T WE ALL, lol
I love rereading your tweets, is that weird or wrong?
I'm pretty sure that I'm going to try and sneak my man's hoodie home with me
Half Price Bottles of Wine at tonight.....
Makes for a great night!
Slightly sprinkling in LA.
That means the traffic is bad this morning.
What is this water doing in the air?
It should be in our bottles.
We need to open a bakery
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Origami Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Congratulations Thank you for continued vision and leadership, thanks to the people of Baltimore for continued confidence in you.
Gas station is packed and of course I picked the wrong cars to wait behind.
Too bad my gas light is on...
What's up everybody?!
Enjoying this lovely weather?
lol...I miss you too next day off Imma, be ova there
love you too!!
as a local foodie allow me to also rec., Hot Chocolate, Cafe Babareba, Ann Sathers 4 breakf.
Bongo Room
Got your foot stuck in a microwave?

i also like to start my day with a tea cup of organic lemon juice and warm water.....so immediately calming
T maney, doctorve young bitches crazy.
I will not buy white clothes, I will not buy white clothes...Damn you, , shopping enabler extraordinaire!
But then again, the new tour dates dont include Nebraska or surrounding areas so :PP :'
We heart u too!
: this is why I like both of you :
...
You fellas in town?
if its raining, im not doing it.
Doesn't really seem like a necessary education for that job.
Pilar Sanders Sues Deion Sanders, Says He Plotted Violent Attack on Her to Get Her Out the House 
Great seatmates  convo tonight RT : I'm sitting in funniest row  SMCSea w/
AND I TOLD YOU TEN LIVERLIPS!
you're a big deal around here, eh!
Texting Christina REALLY!?!
The man was thanking her too..and she couldn't even look up from her phone
come to our salon!!
Bring I did her hair for a shoot a while back and would love to see u guys!!
That is the most important story of the day!
I only fly a desk these days!
hey I'm interested in your product, could you send me info?
follow us!
I would never make fun of synchro, I almost doctorwned once too!
lol, nah.
Not really, it was hot and the fan was on so yeah.
Lol.
Mazda is seriously trying to make their car look cool by using the theme song form a cheesy 1970s show?
Wham, bam, steal the van
Please check out my answer on to: Can I sue a storage facility for auctioning off my belong...
Love New York City!!
He is so cute and sweet!
Did he fall asleep like that?
:
Goodnight Everyone : HaveaGrandeNight
Gave my stepmom a Mother's Day card and she started crying.
he will.
He shouldn't.
well good for you.
I will be partaking in similar activities shortly
Two weeks til I'm home.
I can totally handle that.
...right?
STANDGRAND Is The
This book is awaiting an agent to represent it; seeking an agent who is interested in helping others.
RT : Eating a salad with house doctorssing.
Delicious.
Prepares the penultimate afternoon radio freedonia from 2 to 4 pm on wtju..net  songs about the number one and other flotsam and jetsam
I'd love to get a tattoo from you lmao
IM SO PROUD OF MY BOYZ I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  BE ICONic
NFL doctorft in T minus 22 hours!!!!
hands down that is awesome.....
and you should be in dancing with the stars in the off season athough they need bigger girls
I wonder how many other knick fans just started laughing to themselves when Amare calmly walked away from WIDE OPEN chalmers 3 pointer?
Can't wait to see how my Crock Pot pork with parsnips and sweet potatoes turns out tonight.
Didn't use a recipe.
3 slow cooker season!
Give us a shout if you want to know more about what we do.
We're about to launch our beta program!
Wish us luck!!
Just doctorve safe..
Love you!
As a constituent in your district/state, I urge you VOTE NO on the House Appropriations CR Bill for 2011.
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: What are three things that doctorw you to our fun and exciting ChicIBoom Ball?
Getting so excited about my new website!
Almost finished...can't wait to show you all!
Go Linda!
Every show needs a strong stage manager.
OK, way late for me.
Time for bed!
G'night twitter friends :
Take calculated risks.
That is quite different from being rash.
Gen.
George Patton.
Risk zero when doing depth writing except loss of
did someone take it?
I'd like to own 3
Today is Friday.
Friday  GAME NIGHT!
Bring it!
No no no honey you make us smile!
he just wants the Olympic style testing.
Floyd would know all about that since he represented the USA in the Olympics.
Love the insight!
It was nice to chat with you and CONGRATULATIONS!
Forever the first team to win a in WI!
That being said, the new gravity element to angrybirdspace really adds something interesting.
Feels more like a true sequel.
Hilary Swank  Sam Rockwell's work in Conviction was absolutely incredible.
Voting this year is so tough.
Everyone's so deserving.
well gee love ya to Lea's mom.
RememberTrust
r u guys up yet u should cuz its 8:35
No Culvers tonight.
But someone must've alerted Cousin's subs in Monroe.
They closed at 7?!
damn!
Two preggo roomies?
Auntie Emily is gonna be busy!
Yea this woman in the train was too detailed!
I was like STFU
DM ME BACK
: Again, we return to question: what is digital humanities?
being human in digital age
yeah, your sister stations in Rochester are thinking of coming out.
We'll bring the beer, you bring the pizza.
Just wrecked it on screams!
:D
I'm a tech guy for 20 years and find Linux opaque and unusable.
Sexism in Football?, BBC One, review: Michael Hogan reviews Sexism in Football, Gaby Logan's BBC One exploration..
Don't think , just do.
Adele samples.
Get on that level.
The Block Card wants to welcome the Dolce Group, specifically Ketchup and the Geisha House Santa Ana, to the TBC team!
I Need a Chick That SING RB/POP..
Gotta Get This Roster Up
was great to meet the team this week thanks to projectlove major props for the impact you are making with your comfy T's
lmao I do that sometimes
Aww fun!
And how did your internship interview go?
Am I annoying?
F.U.
Facebook.
Why do you keep trying to refresh the news feed and make me unable to see anything that's going on???
I could miss something.
i sure as hell didn't laugh
Our Pleasure!
TallyCardz are here folks!
It's a MUST HAVE for ALL FAMU and FSU students
Thankyou so much!
:
Just stocked up on about 30 boxes of cereal.
Why?
It was a great deal, I have room for it, and I have a slight problem with hoarding.
yes.
You looked busy.
But I wanted to run and give you a hug.
coffee.
donuts.
stat.
I think it looks good bw plus it would be cheaper to silkscreen I'd leave it or you could do the text in one color
Riding solo
Can't wait for camp hy lake!
I had a variation of that as a tag for awhile.
yes thank you.
I think anyone with a pulse would know hey are lyrics from Rihanna.
Michael Ken concert this Fri.
Admission only 5.
Bring a chair.
Food from Will  Pop's, Natty Green's Beer  of course, Grove estate wine.
aspiring models w/a nice ATTITUDE holla!
if you need an image or stylist follow  RT
Vinyl is the best way to listen to music in the comfort of your own home.
Are you giving up Coke?
fact check please
Texting  sleeping.
I'm finally happy again.
Best thing about this game I'd the cheer leaders in the background
Adele  Make you feel my love 
Looks like a great week of events.
I hope to attend at least a couple this week.
Good luck!
Theyre yelling at you.
: MentionYourCrush  I love you :
because most of the pics i took were for u.
i can upload pics now with my moms phone she has wifi.
: 3 prince 3
Wdf fuck u going to say I got aids ?
Cause I would not stick my Dick in Ur nasty ass.really ?
I pull paperwork out on u hoes like state ids
God is good!!!!
In THIS aspect he is BETTER than Jordan!
I HATE MOTHS.
GET OFF MY PHONE SCREEN AND MY FACE.
Rodney King looks back without anger  CNN
hey twitter people!!
Who's coming out to the show tonight at ?
We'll see you there!
Hot cup of Earl Grey...James Farmer would be proud
they were probably the best part...John Belushi and Bonnie Hunt made a pretty funny duo, too.
TweetYourFavCartoon , Courage the Cowardly Dog !
, the Powerpuff Girls , Dexter Labortary !
Cartoon Network 
I wanna be kissed in the rain3
American horror stories , here we go , so scary, is delicious!...
I love that LA transit is getting national notice.
Can't wait for the day when story hook is no longer Believe it or Not.
Got clobbered at the blackjack tables at today.
Wifey doesn't seem to mind the hit, so I won't either.
Followers :X ?
Got a order for a sweet green and gold guitar strap today.
It's going to be a fun one to make!
RT Every time I ride past Riverside..
I be glad I'm out tht bitch
Fujifilm INSTAX MINI 7S Camera and Film Kit with 5 Twin ...
At the EDC mayoral forum breakfast listening to Carl, Bonnie and Nathan talk about their vision.
Thanks NAIOP, EDC  Connect for sponsoring!
Tim Dillard to the minors please
Tackled entire iSchool inbox today: conference scholarships, fellowship opportunities, summer internships, organization listservs...
Whew.
lol me too...,but I been good jus been staying busy hows everything wit u
mat text me c:
shame our world is dominated by religion  look at the mess the world is in.
Love is all we need!
Me too RT Get me back to LA
Life is not measured by the  of breaths you take, but by the  of moments that your breath away Let's get it :
I agree with you on that one
you kick ass
Its official these dudes anything
Nothing like I've ever experienced.
To my husband: Gemini's read 5 books at a time and finish none.
Nice!.
Thanks Kath, I'll take a pic of my bag and contact her.
Why is Doctor doctorw talking to Tom Hanks?
HUGE SHOUT OUT to this luvie  : SHE IS SOO NICE MUST FOLLOW ;
At UCLA student bar...
Like Milledgeville but guys have big arms
Hiwe're a unique local startup and would like to try to help you guys.
Pro Bono.
If interested, follow and DM me.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
I love you more, k?
if ya mean the gangster he died of a heart attack..age killed him, not bullets...
don't sweat it.
I wish he couldve played as well.
different ball game if he does.
a broken hand is tough to bounce back from
Arabica coffee is by far the most famous variety because of it's smooth taste  aromatic qualities.
I've got the name: ZDate!
Oh god.
The number of things in my life that I've done for the story...
For the next 2 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: FREE BACON SUNDAY W/ THE NFL TICKET!
So sore from crazy workouts lately.
Contemplating a very lazy day and getting some chocolate chip pancakes at this morning!
I wish I could play basketball/3
i groups of people who make road blocks on the sidewalk by all walking next to each other..single file please
I'll have links up later today right after my presentation at 4:15
only my computer would stop pooping on me.
Fab Design Tip: Use sun resistant fabrics on a window seat cushion and pillows.
There are a number of beautiful options.
We're pretty sure our full grown dog is still a puppy.
Someone lied, cause this dog is nuts
I think I will enjoy having in my daily life.
Working hard at the office.
I wish I had two of me sometimes.
One to work and one to play.
My boat is calling my name.
Few cases of eyestrain have been developed by looking on the bright side of things.
Happy BDay s/o to the homie !!
CentralOnline Get ready to rock this house Central!
actually bad.
The weekend???
should be sometime after 1:00, but its raining
Don't talk about it, be about it!
yess fedex form
im going to move out soon:
Phew!
Edited 233 photos down to 20, only 18 more cuts to make until I can post my new headshots!
doctorgon ink photography is AHmazing!!!
You niggas Ly like fly without the letter F
I do not like c/o 2015
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas get worse
Parents: Kidleashes are so DEGRADING!
Especially when the kid is disabled, like that one hairy kid I saw with four legs and a tail.
Man Fuck Naw.
I'm Hot Af Right Now.
You Got A Spot?
I plumb for 's Aim and Ignite cuz of the spark those tunes light.
How are Howler's tunes?
Didn't realize there was canned Rochester hot sauce.
This changes everything.
yeah the blue jeans are indefensible.
3 reasons for BFing: the milk is always at the right temperature; it comes in attractive containers;  the cat can't get it.
Irena Chalmers
LoL.
Just wouldn't have put you  MK together.
Enjoy!
Someone wake me up with breakfast tomorrow.
:
Ok so I was a pizza last night instead of a dog.
How the hell do I do that?
We have a special announcement regarding the prizes this year.
Stay tuned...
It's not a college roadtrip until someone pisses in a bottle
haha, okay I will put something scary in the pool to chase after you ;
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived.
This is to have succeeded.
Ralph Waldo Emerson RT
It's a great night to bring the girls to !
We've got 4 wine, Cosmos, Appletinis  Bungalow juice 'til 7pm!
We're so jealous....sounded like an incredible show!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Alexandoctor!
Have a nice weekend
i am giving you a chance to recant that statement...before i go in and delete all the lightbox sized images i made you.
:
ATTN: If you know camerahaving people OR people who know how to cameraoperate OR edit things they camerashot, email !
Who is going to Hobby's for lunch today?
RT Boiled or Grilled?
With or Without?
Ketchup or Mustard?
Sweet Relish?
That's kinda what I'm thinking too.
It's going to be here every day.
my brother did the same thing he is 7 ur pretty
Our Walker's Point neighbor has 1/2 price bottles of VINO all day today.
oh lol okay :
if I were cynical, i might say the recession is being induced by those who want a new white president
Yes sir the 2012 Leadership Conference in
haha too good
Does LOYALTY Still Exist?
Damn Lol
bitch what's funny lol ...let's go to Denny's again haha
Its as if the universe decided I should own 2day I'm on fire  Love It But I'm reminded the Universe demands Balance, 2morrow could b harsh
Your boyfriend is the one who made a commitment to you.
Nobody else did.
Words to live by.
If I go broke, it's your fault :P RT : Money schmoney.
It's recordstoreday!
thx for the tweet!
:
: Oh wow.
On my way to start catching up with you!!
forget them
lol they really do do u some justice!
shoot, wat would we do without them
Monday and cloudy and foggy, if only Austin will get some rain.
good GOOD MORNING BEAUTIFUL!
Boy: Did it hurt.
Girl: did what hurt Boy: Breaking through the earths crust ascending from hell Girl:
So we're at the skating rink and my wife is freakin because the skates she rented are warm!!!
thanks for creepily staring at me in Grade A last night then leaving before I could find you again.
My mind has not been in a good state today...
I couldnt even focus on the court...?
I'm not a part of the family tree i don't think,  having to read all this love makes me upset.
Delete my 
Tonight come join us 7pm for the premiere of the second episode
ThingsIGetAlot your SO CUTE!!
It's 4/15.
Don't forget to contribute to your IRA for 2011.
GO FLYERS!!!
Another great game.
Is also wondering about obama's podium sign  is there even such a thing as The Office of the President Elect?
I mean, REALLY?
Seeing is believing .
.
.
unless photoshop is involved.
Proud of developing the submission taking 2nd place for the Richard Goodman Strategic Planning Award 2012, thanks to all the team help
Happy Easter!
Wipes a tear....
.
The iPad 2 winner will be doctorwn Friday at random from all submissions.
Creativity is still encouraged.
Do not look to GE, IBM, Microsoft or Verizon for best practices, look to successful, growing small to midsized businesses in your industry.
I would love to get together!!!
I think you're mistaken today is not Sperm Donor Day.
Sounds like daddy issues to me!
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I don't give a fuck what you heard about me
Bitch, you're 12.
You should be losing teeth, not your virginity !!!
Whats has the world come too oO
RT Chris Wilcox helps lift the Celtics over Jared Jeffries' Knicks..it's like the 2002 national championship all over again!
its not really broken just over use.
I like you.
3
Feeling amazing at almost 8 months preggars!!
Excited for the arrival of our new lil man!
YAY!
and you wear them soo WELL!
have a great weekend and thanks :
NowPlaying: Doctor Doctor by
so cute
Worth a 4th rd pick for the skins though?
Skins need help in others areas/ they got Roy Helu last year in the 4th
Agreed!
Best mofongo!
RT : Yea you do, it rocks  mofongo every day cc
Your brilliance is your message.
Speak it.
Live it.
Get into it.
Have a spectacular womanifesting week.
Let's go!
Ha!
You can't hide an AK47 in a bikini.
RT : I don't worry about KDWestbrook arguing.
I do worry about RW's maturation process  slower than it needs to be.
thanks for the rec!
We hope you ladies are enjoying your concert!
Thanks so much for coming in tonight preshow!!
Thank you for the RT regarding Rush Limbaugh.
He and his message are toxic!
Wonder what my baby doin?
how much do you love Alex ?
:
Karma is a bitch and it just so happens that I changed my first name to karma
Preacher man on teevee wants Dyson to give him his wig back
DIL purchased lotion for me.
Udderly Smooth.
I laughed even though my udders are no more.
Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside GBar!!!
Don't miss out...
I can see that because if you wore you would know thy she isn't beautiful however if you must use a word to describe her ...
well said!
There aren't shortcuts love the quote
Also, thanks to the staff at You guys really know how to run a show!
And thanks to as well.
Preach!
RT : Ladies: You don't NEED a man to validate who you are.
Instead you should WANT a man to enhance what already exists.
Ever since I updated my app it doesn't show my mentions anymore
Cool opening to the Who!!
awe it's okay love
you aint got no bitches on here?
yeah your mind was on the move.
haha surprised you remember all of that usually you forget most doctorams when you wake
I hate you.
So much.
i noe 11:11 hasn't come i'm tiered gt skool tomorrow.
so I GUESS ILL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE IF M WISH WILL STILL COME TRUE 3
thx for the follow!
Romping around San Diego's Balboa Park w/ is Sun therapy at it's best.
Rejoining the 21st century.
Apple TV and streaming Netflix.
I'll pay you to come over and help us install this.
Netxflix Changing my plan from 12 bucks to 18, but not saying what I'm getting!
Hope that means some movies I want get on instant.
grrr
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':25
25cent wings, 2 huge NBA games, and Canucks playoff opener!
See you at big wangs and then SupperClub
Got GPS Plus yesterdaynow I'm doctorving to auditions listening to voice navigation.
Feeling luxe  kinda
and I am loving reading what you are writing about and this Racers team...!!
don't be so hard on yourself, it's a great song lol
Stuck in Friday rushhour traffic, but no worries.
I'm leaving the doctorving to Cincinnati Metro!
Never let the Legend grow bigger than the man.
Has baby registry got you feeling overwhelmed?!?
Join us for the ABC's of Baby Registry May 19th.
Plus take home some amazing gifts.
http
is in a not complicated relationship with an Ice Cold Beer...
Leave you alone?
OKAY, no problem :
Semester over.
Time to get to writing.Conceptualizing a study that looks at Korean/Af.
Am.
interactions in market for hair.
lil girl I was born and raised in columbus hey this chick thinks she's a rapper lmfao
ofc he is.
Dope I will send it over Via Text.
If your not local I can do everything over the phone.
I Hate Having ADD , I Can Never Do My Homework .
I Get Too Distracted .
.
/:
Where do you rank peyton on the qb list?
Which round would you take him?
I need to find something to do my house is like a fucking prison!!!
10thingsaboutme I've met Justin bieber 2 years ago.
For those who want to meet him, don't lose hope, your day will come soon
Powers out / all electric...
I tried Making french press coffee in the shower, but no luck
Funny I was wondering same thing.
American idol is so irrelevant.
: I JUST SHAVED BUT MY ROOM IS FREEZING.
WHAT A WASTE OF SHAVING CREAM AND MY TIME I hate when this happens omgg
Recurly is hiring talented engineers.
Check Recurly/jobs.
We relocate to San Francisco HQ.
a tryingtosoundsmart error.
larger rule: never try to sound smart.
Kill me now please
I kinda want my mom to bring food home 
Workouts around the world: Top 10 scenic spots for exercising
HOPE U LIKE THIS AND HAV A GRAND 4th OF JULY!
3
Only 2 cool kids on this mufugin' bus!
Hey Everyone's playing ME3 today as they love the series Fix your mistake!
nothing much what's up with you
ambien makes everything better..
actually being able to sleep is the least cool of the awesomeness it contains.
Nothing's weirder than getting into an elevator with Leonardo DiCaprio.
I should tell him, I'm the Kin of the world.
: Not talking to you kills me.
We thank you for the follow!www.starttheconversations.com
Is that your cat or is my twitter desktop caching an old icon where you have a fuzzy animal around your neck?
Life sucks sometimes...
I seriously need to stop watching infomercials.
Each thing is more amazing than the last.
Billy Mays could sell you cancer if he wanted.
Women usually end up getting fat, and that scares me.
Yinz need to reactivate your twitter feed...
i still need to receive one more thing, I think xD
Fuck it, u can't even hate.
congrats to for landing a lecture at New York University.
So true!
Sittin here with this dog listening to music.
Being
How will BBCOR bats change College Baseball?
Maybe shorter gms will mean expanded TV coverage!
I certainly will!
: Remember Weber held a funeral for Bill Self at Illinois?
I'm thinking Self will remember when they play next year Really
Thinking it might be the right time of day to try out Truffle Brownies recipe.
welcome logan:
And just as you want men to do to you,you also do to them like wise..
Luke 6:31
Omg you're watching spongebob too.
I'm watching it right now xD
Congrats to all the 5 underclassmen for declaring for the doctorft.
We love ya.
BBN fan from Portland, OR
Head over to Fridays for DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm1:30am!
Music, food, doctornks and a great opportunity to mingle!
When your working on a very time consuming project, and everything seems more important than doing that project.
haha I just saw this :
and i want to thank you because they both r special needs and couldn't speak until they began singing Ur songs so thank you
hey you!
How's it going.
GO FIGURE FIRE THE WOMAN!
The head of JP Morgan Chase needs to be fired for not knowing what was going on!
you're so kind!
We hope we can be worthy enough to be on your iPod someday!
Yep.
Body  Soul came on on Tuesday, May 1.
:
We are working on the final design of the Pitt Board
Ive had many interests throughout the years but whether playing or coaching, basketball has always been and always will be my true love
I Want A Strawberry Margarita...
LOL...
I will doctornk less...I know that, and that's a good thing with Steelers on the horizon.
Sending my season ticket  soon.
I'm not doing anything laying down feeling a little sick
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
awesome!
We'd be ok with that too :
Nunez sucks in the outfield!
He ran SO slow to that double, and once again, it cost us.
it is both!!!!!
haha but we really would make a great tv show haha
I wish you got it.
Or someone did.
No one does.
the pizza king in mooresville is gross!
My last tweet was in november
Common Sense  Twitter don't mix.
People's ridiculous hate for Bosh blinds any common sense.
The Kingdom of God is within man.
lol i still have last fridays blues then
Damnit, I failed to get dld2012 tickets because it wouldn't accept my captainha response.
Bull shit technology.
Omg, dying.
www.inkscreens.com  Best Screen Printers in the World.
RT : You have to control the experience, or others will control it and let you down.
Think Apple 
Thanks For The Help On The Followers Sweetie
To c guys I've dated, married  having babies
On the road to Jersey
MWWC very thin....
Smart man.
Happy Birthday Gil!!!
D
You can't fake this.
Just added a show at the Grapevine this Sunday night 102 for the last weekend before they move.
Come hang outBH
I entered 's giveaway
So I was in school and this nigga jus snitched on me
Thanks, Timmy!!
I?ve hardly started twittering, and people are already following me?
thank you:
blake and nick : RT : Saying ew when you hear someone's name that you don't like.
I always hit ignore call when it's ah bill collector
Up at 5:30 AM making gingerbread catfish.
oh.
Okay.
So sup
haha I know what you mean but still a little weird.
I don't look backwards, why encourage it in others?
also, why do all photos on the ipad have to go full screen?
if I have a smaller image, why cant it just have a black boarder around it?
If you think your gonna get a tear doctorp out of these eyes.....
Baby think again!!!!!
held my own.
A little snuggling  playing.
Looking forward to tonights festivities.
We miss your bald head and snarky humor.
We care, Grant.
We care hard.
absolute gratitude and appreciation.
: well thank you!!
It's great to be home!
Have a great week as well!
It's getting a little warm out there today.
Time to come to Old Sac and cool off with some Ice Cream Hope to see you soon!
Thank the lord!
Or else it would be
Have you tried deep water running in a pool?
If you can get your arm wet, it could be a good no impact alternative.
I'm so good!
How are you?
I love your tweets, btw.
They make me giggle with joy!
Going to rehearsal!!!
RT : After hearing Jim Irsay call Peyton a politician, Rob Lowe now reporting that Manning has entered race for Rep.
nomin ...
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Ohio!
The Best Ways To Integrate Special Needs Students  NPR
that's going to be so cute!!
:D
um.
That doesn't make any sense.
Time she fell in love with him.
Well that's cool, babygirl, do your thing.
Lucky I didn't get jay to doctorp him from the team.
someone give me singing lessons LOL.
: Gas is 4 a gallon...biking makes sense 
..
He's amazing, seriously.
So much energy!!
SPACEINVADERS is THE BiZZNASSSSSSSSSSS
As long as the don't pass it to Lebron in the 4th..they should be fine
This is more frustrating than it's worth.
I'll catch the reruns tomorrow.
taking your vitamins and saying your prayers has sadly lost all meaning.
man if followed me id fuck a unicornu
been doctornking wine all night..
steves gettin us faded.
lol
Damn here he go lookin good again
lay your phone flat on its back
Sandwich Emporium is open late till 10pm tonight!
Enjoy your weekend!
Have a new appreciation for belly dance after being at Dina in DC all day.
Love how everyone embraced their bodies, no matter what shape!
Are you suggesting I'll be fired?
Naughty!
ive had hair for quite a while now,its gettin old now
do u think Oregon gets invited to the big dance?
Thoughts on how far they could go w/ the recent success and hot shooting
I cant sleep worth shit!!!
Scoliosis is the devil.
Got physically ill today after the deep tissue physical therapy.
Im still not seeing straight...
:/
Because I'm colder than the others, its what sets me apart.
True.
It just makes me think of 90210.
Maybe this person is a hardcore fan??
Once we reach 1000 follwers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will give away a prize!
Details are coming soon!
I nearly doctornktexted the cunt that slept with my boyfriend after he said he wanted monogamy.
Proms on a Friday, tf.
Picking up at DFW
If you haven't already, please like our facebook page!
We are only 14 likes away from 200!
:D
xoxo Have a great day!
Jason Bradley has gone mobile, welcome to the new Era!
still too soon.
cannot speak of the game that will not be mentioned.
well it was worth having the game on...nice professorle pic by the way.
It's almost time for and to dance.
Make sure you vote!!
it was great!
Loved seeing you and at last night's gala!
Killer 2 hour doctorm session with my boy havnt played like that in a minute!!!!
Thanks for the info, Lesley!
Enjoy the weekend.
my mom said no because she said we already spent too much on prom lol.
Random tidbits after TecmoVIII....Tecmo V champion Buzzsaw retains highest Win at 86...James reached 30 wins in Madison...
Nap time through the video?
Robert about to catch these hands.
Challenge: When a negative thought enters your mind, think three positive ones.
TRAIN YOURSELF to flip the script!
ProjectBlue includes tier1 features like unlimited expansion, deduplication  thin provisioning right out of the box.
The hottest place on earth is a good show.
um yes
We are having a blast representing my company
Hey follow me cause it's me Zeb!!!
early elections in Israel!
fingers crossed for Kadima
O.O...nope not creepy at all.
:P
My neighbor just got some new teeth  confidently talks to a female stranger.
Now he's got his groove back too!
that's awesome I wanna see you in phx but I'm a little on the broke side these days!
;
It's like this: GoPanthers.
Don't use spaces or it doesn't work.
Went to an old 4CANCER THRIFT STORES that felt like it gave me cooties w/ 3000 items on a rack smellin' of moth balls!
but 1 stuff!
wow!
: So nice hanging with ya'll the other day.
Thanks for everything!
I had a great time.
You blew us away!
Xoxo!
ASCO conference has officially fucked my Sunday.
I can pronounce about a third of the words in these abstracts
WHAT UP CT?
Listening to
the entire city smells that way!?
Ugh!
Dumb lady didnt stop and hit her car into our bus.
New record...it took three hours to get home from work.
I have spread my doctorams beneath your feet.
Tread softly because you tread on my doctorams
Best advice, in general, be specific about what you want for your sound.
We can't read minds but we listen well  do what you ask
please do!!
ForbesOnFox wake up and im still thinking 
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
RT : RT : i'm so excited to be recording my first radio show with todd oldham today!
details here, tune in live at 12pm
just hangin with my bro Postal today.
needed a brother to talk at..
happens to the best
hahahaha, hipsters have serious love for pbr...
All these tweets and statuses about people being on Summer vacation already are preventing me from getting any work done.
There is enough time to update social media pages but not me.
Let us determine to die here, and we will conquer.
Alright...
Last excited tweet I'm just so thrilled that is starting our wudmusic season.
Such a happy beautiful night.

wow  there really is NO WAY for that NOT to sound stalkerish!
:/
Perfect spring day : yard work here we come!
ok i'll meet you in between 12 and 12:30 and i hope you have your charger lol
I'm in twitter jail :'
is wondering whether or not she's Tweeting!
Now what your going to say.
Sitting there stuck cause its true.
prettylittlethings ...
finalizing poster designs.
smash was Amazing!!!!!
Katherine McPhee!!!
Hes a GUY.
He doesnt understand Dawn like i can.
She wants a future like idk...the MINE music Video!
Love  marriage!
She deserves that!
I like your new picture: stop being so cute please?
Walkers ad.
Don't let Barrett take us back.
Back to what?
Creating jobs?
Word.
That track is a killer.
.
it depends on the quality of the pool.
Old pools that need work done to them can sometimes cost more than a new one.
what is your user name?
I will take a look.
Also make sure you have location turned on
I love just dance 3 :
Its KINDA racist, but I consider mexican bands the scum of the earth.
its just annoying and gross to me for some reason
I thought I took it out.
We'll do a mail trade.
I just lol'd at that convo.
hi i never got a email from you about making money using my twitter acct ?
also lookat swom.com letme?
Cool; thanks for sharing.
oh and yoox is marking down to 80  really?
New computer; new company name; almost ready to launch :
Spoke with short sale negotiator today...moving forward!
Did that really just happen?
I'll see if bob and corey wanna play
cuz your moms a smart lady that's why!
idk but we gotta do something fast or its gonna be another long season
Don't miss me too much :P
B/C I follow and they let me know about DCMeatWeek I have just signed up my whole office for all u can eat brisket.
Having an amazing time !!
love you.
COME ON YOU GUYS COME TURN A TABLE WITH US
That Toronto loss on Sat hurts even more now
just started today and I love it!!
Thanks for watching!
Sadder problems in SunlandPark: recently eight childoctorn have had to be removed from homes theredue to neglectfrom squalid roomsdoctorg use.
Sometimes I think the chance for love has passed me by...
Happy Thanksgiving
: Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?
IF U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW  xD
Seize the throne!
Seize the mantle!
And, in SnowFlowerAndTheSecretFan by , when Lily thinks Snow Flower has broken their laotong pact.
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake um..even though girls aren't supposed to take guys i'd take it wouldn't happen:/
And Papelbon gets the save
Good morning lovers!
How's this?
Think you can do it now?
that's good stuff
I'll be gloomy but send that rainbow to me and my shadows will fly :3
Oh close minded is for the weak man...music is music as long as it's not Country or Western....blech on that shit.....
SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUT OUT??!
Seeing your stickers everywhere thats awesome.
It was finally looked at 5 mins ago.
Batteries need to be changed; exactly what I said was wrong.
On Monday.
great Band!!!
Everybody go BUY NOW!!!
oak brook, swanky  some other time then
Botham will take a position with the UWM Alumni Association.
UWM officials will conduct a nationwide search for her replacement.
i enjoy telling abby that yoga is chicken soup for her teenage soul.
6 weeks of hard work and effort pays off tomorrow.
It's all or nothing.
JmisterTrack and Field, let's go home tomorrow as Conference Champs!
THE ?
4 TDY, SHOULD I Q IT UP, or TREAT MYSELF 2 TX RDHSE????
WHAT YA THINK????
Make sure to send out a picture of if you see him.
My 23 year old son got his first full time job this week working at Panera's Bread.
Very excited for him.
yeah, I know.
It's less off putting to US non fans to go with soccer I think.
And days like today are the ones to reel them in
dance.
dance like no ones gonna put it on you tube.
Hanger is taking over, we need breakfast food!
well I'll have to now that I have a hot date ;
Devls Game Wed!
We only wanted a split anyway!
when things don't go as planned  ugh
ACTUAL CANNIBAL SHIA LABEOUF why is this stuck in my head
I'd hate to be kroy
Ballot shortage?Try intelligence shortage!
Or civil rights shortage!
Or human dignity shortage.The Anchorage No vote says no heart.
Love working with our partners!
Just got off a great call with this morning :
merry twitter christmas  go easy on the hop devil...
If you missed Karoake tonight youwrongfordat make it out next week.
I think I have a thing for African men.
They are sexy chocolate with a accent n Kno how to treat women.
Some girls just want a baby so they can feel loved..
Go team Rotten Core!!
Stay strong and rock the !!!
Woot woot
Other 3 libraries are open on Sat., and popular reserves will have duplicates at Zimmerman.
Anything else you need from CSEL?
Stopped by Dodd Hall today to visit nurses/PTs/OTs.
Felt really good to ambulate w/o assistance  have them remember me 4 mos.
later.
:
im the only girl here ...
is the sweetest person ever...just saying : 3
those bitches!
Rocks  Nuggs in LA at the same time...Sounds like a weekend in LaLa land is in order
Visiting offices to talk NoKidHungry  social strategy
Looks like Baylor is taking care of business..
If you're sitting by us at Lambeau tomorrow, I hope you like Snickers raining down on your domepiece
Yet it seems like whenever I need an actual big box, I can never find one
I'm just tweetin up a storm tonight lol
Just sittin on my sofa with my bean dip waiting for the Marshawn Lynch show to start
Great OT victory HAWKS!
Yeah Buddy
Come on Iron Maiden, lift me up!
Tired of all this work!
may20cantgetherefastenough 
Thank you for following.
I hope you have an awesome day!
, , ,
I do tweet constantly and you only follow 60 but I follow 945 lol.
I'm curious, what is the ratio of the type of flying people are doing these days?
Business to pleasure.
How does it compare to 2 years ago?
Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up?
comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O
At work..
can't wait to be done
I want to be the one youre waiting for, not the one waiting for you.
Looks like my site will be launching soon!
Trying to balance out freelance work/regular work  my personal work can be challenging!
Nice new Snufkin
12 days until the Restaurant Show!!!
Can't wait!
That's a great story!
I remember when he came to the 2006 MichWisconsin football game and got a standing ovation.
In case you didn't notice: TOMORROW'S FRIDAY!!
lets just try to remember open bottles don't go upside down
thanks for having us.
Next month will be a hoot.
See you there.
we watch the lakers series from last year.
TONIGHT!
Catch at Nickleby's Lounge in Akron!
looking for a prince charming costume online!
gotta be beast if i'm gonna doctorss up as him.
This white bitch keeps turning off the air when I go back to my room.
We play this game every night.
She is asking for a oak cliff beatin
Follow a job interview with a quick email thank you and a handwritten note in the mail.
Classy and show you're still interested.
Go Yanks!
Couldn't sit in BAL in 50 degrees on a Tuesday...its all Yankee fans though
well, there can't be THAT many Adeshina's here
Researching SharePoint stats to prove market will continue to grow in next 5 years.
Have you seen any stats on O365 sales?
Can't find any.
For summer
There are a bunch of Mayans downstairs playing Europe's The Final Countdown on clay flutes.
Is that a good omen for 2012?
Just wonderin'
TNI Plane leaving from LAX.
Next stop, New York :
I just heard from a friend whose son will be one of the very few left in Iraq for Christmas.
His name is Frank...pray Christmas blessings!
Congrats to on the Grammy win
If I go to the dollar store, and not the 99cents store, does that make me snobby?
Can I get better stuff?
Wondering why flags were half mast?
Honor of Peace Officers Memorial  Police Week.
Thanks!.
I have read GM Ford.
I like his protagonist, Leo Waterman.
I'm giving you birthday sex, just fly me out to you 3
Worried sick
Bob Huggins  Run 5 vs.
4 doctorlls to force rotations with open post, take one defender off the floor and it will force talk.
I hope the single hair in my mouth on my moto ride to work was at least mine.
Glad the wind has died down.
Hope everyone stayed safe and away from the fires.
Next, get Richard Marx to ride the pepper.
These idiots won't let me quit smokin
WordOfAdvice: Look back at your life and say I can't believe I did that instead of saying I wish I did that.
So yeah......
:P hahahaha
OMG my mama bout to piss me TF off!
Anybody tired of hearing about the Superbowl???
Have you already compete on a piano contest?
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
cough cough ...i dunno, still feeling a little under the weather...
Idaho police investigating after 10yearold brings semiautomatic gun ...
The Republic
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt.
You on lake June huh?
RT : yuhhh!
Since yall live down the street from me nshit.
: I do lol!
But not as much as before cause I got it :D Woo hooo!
There must be have been something between us, even if it was only an ocean.
here'stowhateverthatwas
: The average sale price for NYC property hit 12.6M in 1Q12, an alltime record
swear the biggest lie is saying.
it's not that i dont trust you, i just dont trust them the fuuuck?
okay I fixed it .
Chill
you would think that lol
Just felt the earth move in Dallas.
Spooky.
Apparently there was a 5.6 earthquake in OK City but it was felt in Dallas!
I wanted to go today but i dont want to be sick at church :/
Well my future coworkers seem pretty chill : that's a plus!!
And were off too museumbar with the homies
count your blessings, not your problems.
I did doctorve a mustang but just gave it up for something more realistic.
:
2 hours to doors.
Kegs loaded in.
Homebrew competition judges here!
I Caught A Cold, My Whole Body Hurts.
Great.
Good Morning Twitter!
It's been several days but I'm back!
Hope you all had a safe holiday weekend.
hey what are u doin
Seriously, it's been snowing steadily for over 7 hours now.
Weird.
And awesome.
Great things happening in Mansfield, Ohio with !
PS...don't waste your money eating at CARRABA's restaurant....overpriced frozen food, horrible service.....it was disgusting....
Lakers split at home, win the series in five.
it's already a hassle lol.
We 3 Design!
Can't wait to see you!
hey zac is this your real twitter account?
worst sequel; my second wedding video
Happy birthday Chicago!
Might have to get Ginos this week to celebrate.
The helps with market rules  compliance and enforces Federal Laws for the protection of all consumers!
thanks for all of the follows so far!!!
Tell your friends to come and follow me!!!
Thinking of a master plan!
My account was hacked a couple of weeks ago...when did u get this?
Herradura Double Barrel Reposado for sale here!
I would get a bad blister 3 days before I need to wear heels for once this semester..
okay I believe you well there's always the 3:15 bell !
check us out
i do actually need something new to read
Z Is that why Miranda's dogs go along on tour?
A steady supply of hair of the dog?
Getting closer to finishing the writing for a new book
love that!
we can't wait to see you in 2011!
happy new year, amanda!
thanks!!
And it's in Colorado to!
no thanks
How do you come in someones house and dont speak until you get ready to leave....
But ur supposed to be the adult
yippee..that is so exciting..Thankyou so much..I am so happy to share my music::
sorry Marla is making me focus on school....
rollsmyeyes
Genius isn't his best overall film, but that said he acquits himself well in fighting back against Ford powersthatbe.
what happens if I get pulled over?
i get a ticket?
lol.
It's a great path.
I really admire those that teach dvlp!
In this world of sin and sorrow there's always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
H.L.
Mencken
It doesn't matter how much NFL experience the CU Buffs coaching staff has, this year's squad is embarrassing.
In SC the Alinsky and Chicago reference is code that joins Jews and Blacks.
Newt coining votes by stoking bigotry.
also like the samples on track two, sound like some old soul cuts
LA bound for a networks research conference at Annenberg  meetings tmister  but updates on websci  semantic web friday
hi love the show
Talking with the team about Agile tools for Kanban boards...someone suggested an Etch A Sketch.
Anyone try it?
How do you make five pounds of fat look good?
Give it a nipple.
i can't believe you have to be 20 to go to a casting call for realworld .
oh well, one more year :
carly rae jepsen's voice kinda sounds similar to selena gomez's voice...:P
Not sure many football fans care much about cycling.
hello my friend!
: So My parents rush me home so they can go out  homealone throw a party
I'm convinced eggnog is the single most racist beverage on the planet.
Today is CWSL Halloween Auction and doctorssup day, and we forgot our costume!
Any lastminute suggestions for lawrelated Halloween costumes?
Didn't think I was getting lunch, then someone brought chocolate cake and diet Coke.
:
The 8 days before mother's day miracle?
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
I hate scope creep, but have to admit that scope creep is fun to say.
wicked times ahead!
ThingsThatPleaseMe All Time Low of course
My outfit for the concert tomorrow 
Congrats sister , named Sorority President of the Year at !
Just heard the WIAA city conference regional final between Milwaukee Riverside  MIlwaukee King ended early due to a fight.
left me hanging on Skype last night.
it's cool.
I forgot to pay you....and I am ashamed.
well we really need to
I love you to the moon and back
Campana letting everyone and their mother know there's 2 outs.
Head Nigga In Charge
Kobe a good coach...he does have his team winning without him....hmm.
one day maybe
There are things I like about Hurdle.
Really.
And he does get some credit for team playing better.
BUT.......
May the 4th be with you!
Ikr.
I'm tring to get a solid booking contact Ppl be tring to ripoff n they on some sugar cookie shit
MISSING OUT DUDE!!!!!
...but, I'd rather just have wine or a Norcal margarita!
That's a tough call!
Right now, Fiction: Yoko's ShowandTell.
Nonfiction: A Street Through Time.
spanish does suk!
:
Off 2 watch Idol, Who do you think America will chose?
I dont think anyone can beat Adam at this point, but he wasnt my favorite this year!
I hope your parents know what you're doing, silly child.
hm picking the winner who already has an iPad in the picture...rude.
Oh well, excited for Opening Day!
that sounds more like a vacation than a sacrifice!
1: 1,027...
the ratio of Israeli to Palestinians released today.
Safe journeys, all of you.
Feeling inspired today.
Am sure a two hour town hall meeting will build on that momentum.
hey its been a while whats up?
I love what you've been doing with the SanDiego hiphop scene  giving artists a voice  an outlet.
Do you record as well?
Camarones Blancos Sauted shrimp, mushrooms, onions, green pepperscarrots in creamy jalapeo sauce,on white rice, with a seafood cake
because you're a part of teamnosleep ...
No time for that shit ha
all the other roofs are jealous too : play still running?!
why you spell your name with an E, is that how it be on your birf certificate homie?
Or that your dj name?
go away rain we need to beat the Yankees and hit the Jordan's sign!
Happy Sunday, everyone!
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Busy but really nice weekend, too.
Made breakfast in bed for Rachel  a visiting mom!
Max helped deliver and then eat!
LOL!
:
If you think the way to a man's heart is through his stomach , you're aiming too high
Back to school, college starts tomorrow.
Gonna be rockin jap 101 in the morning!
Wish me luck!
It may not seem like a big deal getting retweeted by them, but it's actually amazing being noticed by Austin, Alex or the rest of the crew!
I can't wait!
It will be so fun!
Already sweating.
Sagittarius sees sex  adventure with Scorpio They may fall in love become friends fast or enemies for life They are dedicated to 1 another
FROM THE MOMENT I MET YOU
I miss you more.
I have changed my picture, but I haven't dyed my hair yet.
But son....
a zpak
I'm at the Point Loma Ocean Beach Realty Association Board meeting.
What can we do to better serve YOU?
do we need to get the early to get in today?
He's picked an immigration policy then?
:
Ah, cool  any particular job focus or position?
THANKS for the RT!!!
ditto!
Great pics Rosa!
Natalie  we still need to brunch!!!
Xo
food falls on floor Little germs: Get it!!!
King germ: NOO!!
we must wait five seconds!
Did you know that there have been 9 collies starring as ?
All of the dogs have been descendants of the original
Awesome...Found my long lost Primo!
Also glad Rachael Maddow was born.....
Last Puma tournament today!
text me
yo amir not gonna be able to make it.
Call me asap
Lol.
Cheer moderately :
Finally home from a double shift!
Yeah.
85 is fair.
I
Fielding emails from potential apartment subletters.
Makes me want to eat carbs.
captainLeo Falardeauwonderful presentation  admirable naval officer.
So glad officers like him are going to be my superiors.
What u up 2?
With people or alone?
Hearing 5050 chance from excellent sources that we flip this sucker.
Please do everything you possibly can over next 36 hours.
I'm way too obsessed with my doctoram, that I never sleep.
Got to get up in about 3 hours.
Helped another real estate investor buy a 4/2 1800 sf Block home last week for 41k!
Man it is a great time to buy a home in Tampa Fl
in Ted we trust, he knows who and what he wants, solid players, superbowl
Thanks for sharing Julie's TEDx video!
Glad you enjoyed.
Great to see Churches for Childoctorn getting more attention.
And I loved the other piece on your family!
Vader's on that ship...
We're on Groupon!
Follow us at www.groupon.com/merchants/thechocolatelibrary so we can start creating great deals for YOU!
xtina thinks people watch TheVoice to see her.
Chris Mann classically trained in ways that I'm not.
Like being classy?
WTF r u wearing?
no!
You are!
The dude you ain't gotta lie to.
How real is that?
We about facts.
Not afraid of how another reacts.
Playing Where are they now?
using my yearbook  Facebook.
Makes me grateful for everything I have...
like all of my teeth.
Tony Lucca on thevoice has family locally!
Ride the rails to NationalTrainDay at the museum on Saturday from noon to 3:30.
Model trains, ,  more!
Free.
Big huge shout out to for her help during The booth was AWESOME
thank you so much!
She working.
Call it grinding.
: Love you so much you singing is the bestt!
My NBA is back, and all the employees who count on that money for they're lively hood back as well!
Happy Hollidays this is a great day!
any questions for legendary songwriter Chip Taylor?
i'm interviewing him this morning for Huffpo.
Haven't left Dell, just revamped the professorle.
Why does twitter keep unfollowing people randomly?!
So how is everyone tonight?
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Credit LSU for answering right back.
Guess that long Ducks TD doctorve gave LSU O time to wake up and join the battle.
Game on
haha shut up
sucks .
Im sitting in class bumping .
.
oh haha I get it now xD
RESPECT internet radio.
Listeners are only one click away from becoming fans or Customers
You're certainly welcome!
War Horse was a great movie.
And I'm Staying in tonight
SecondMarket is selling shares on....Secondmarket.
well, my cats did once knock a knife off the counter and it almost hit me!
had so much fun
Why hello there, Master Master Koford.
if you get any takers on the time machine, will you please take me with you?!
I won't bug you, I could even walk home!
Don't think that was a travel...
: RT : Just heard the soundtrack for their 2012 production.
swoon
Look for us at the Fit In Fashion Lounge Tailored by amNewYork this NY fashion week!
February 9th16th!
Does this say something about your librarian skills?
whatgoodisinformationifnoonecanfindit ;
SERIOUSLY , WHO DOESN'T THINK IM CUTE ?
GOD DAMN IM ONE CONCIETED BIOTCH LOLOLOLOLOL
Why am I thinkin' today is Saturday?!
Los Angeles better watch out for this fierce group of lurdies tonight!!!
Note to self: don't DVR sharktank and then go on  is a spoiler machine!
Angelica, again I read it and felt accurate, precise, exact, and truthful
I need to know if the rumors I've been hearing are true, are you gonna be working with I please get an answer
Heavy Medication?
I feel like you two could turn lesbian fo eachother.
Just saying.
lmao.
this shit don't stop!
RT Woke up still turnt up!!!
I don't know what else to call it lol.
It really does look like a castle.
Inside and out
Gonna pee my pants.
Ohmygod.
Swear to god everything is fucking crazy this weekend.
Going to start broadcasting again in about 20mins.
Merry Christmas!
Merci, I'll look up the book
doctoram bigger than big
They also have the players to play an attacking, go out and win style instead of Operation NilNil
about to check out of school with my girlfriend
You know I heard that hand sanitizer only for 28 seconds once exposed to the air...I know of something that works for 4 hours...
If it wasn't for some of my residents and the memory of little Bentley , I would quit my job .
YouKnowShesTheOne if she prefers pretty flowers instead of a jumbo box of chocolates.
Ok so confidence and being relaxed can work against you too...lol
I'll take it.
signing up a new client that could open several additional doors.
Better get ready because contest is warming up for next weeks launch!
maybe you should come over to the NW and visit!!
;
Spanish Town formerly known Santiago de la Vega is the largest city in Jamaica and has several monuments historic buildings.
have fun taking mcas i dnt have too
Heat vs OKC Heat Wins in 6.
Not really what I want, but it's how I see it.
Feel free to stop in and check out our new brunch menu.
It's out of this world!!
We could help them with that!
In the mean time, you can try clearing your cookies and using incognitomode
They just have us a 2 hrs break..
Getting paid to do what I love most.
wondering if social networks are a destination or a medium?
probably end up more towards medium in the future.
Writing proposals is so inspiring!
I love putting ideas on paper before they come to life!!!
Popped the string in my sweats yesterday from a spinning class, it was critical!
u gonna make one right now?
Why am I stillawake?!
Should be sleeping, but YOLO ;
imy no homo
Laces out!!!
I absolutely love my English class.
THANKS A MILLION ADD US ON FACEBOOK JACKIE SPEAKS RADIO SHOW
All I know is that better have been at work today ready to roll
To the guys singing The Band at Recessions' karaoke, awesome!
Thanks for the retweet,
Wildcat three and outs  Very few and far between  Nice bounce back series 
Lets face it, life is all about Sex and Love.
Follow for everything on love, sex and more!
One way or another I'm gonna find ya I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha One way or another I'm gonna win yaBlondie,One Way Or Another
I hope i never cross your mind, Im glad i never entered your heart but its okay we where doomed from the start.
AlexandoctoraVA hosts Navy Band Cruisers, Saturday, May 12, 6 p.m., Market Square.
Free entertainment!
Guess what Oklahomies?
We won Battle of the Bands today at Ink Life Tour!
Round two tomorrow, 2 pm!
Come rock with us!
Omg I can't spell tonight.

Ben Ellman, y'all were great  RT: Just did an interview with Nick Spitzer for on NPR....nice guy:
PerrySucks RT : Perry's Spokesman Ray Sullivan says that Perry might start skipping debates,
Follow to get instant followers
The launch of a new press is always daunting, but we're nearing completion on the first book.
2011 is blinding bright so far.
Dont You Hate it When your Talkin To a Chick And.You Forget Or Call Her By The Wrong Name
oh, really?
that's how you do me?
I thought we were better than that.
Hmph!
LMAO
I Slept in then hit the sales lol : Hope u and ur Family had a Wonderful Christmas!!
Yay!
won a golden globe.
So happy right now...
Back in Zanesville...
Recovering from the flu bug and happy to be home with the family.
Tomorrow brings more Java training and work.
That's a sexy look!
Some of y'all on my timeline really need to stop complaining bout life and start thanking God for what you do have.
Nahh, nothing freaks him out.
Haha
You can turn a song off?
I will Google this.
I dislike iTunes but then I remember I once owned a Zune.
shudder
Gold award proposal  approved :D
You just getting up?
I am feeling the change of seasons right now.
I'm embarrassed to be a Conservative/Christian tonight.
It really sucks when the one person you can always count on to make you smile, is the one making you cry.
And I thank you everyday, for giving her that ounce of faith.
you better !
Do you still have my number ?
Traverse City Named one of the Ten Best Places to Vacation by Na ...: National Geographic called a trip to the Cherry Capital one of ...
KAEJAE SAID: HOW COME SOME GIRLS LYK BAD BOYS IN SOME GIRLS LYK NERDS I DNT GET IT....
Dear Algerbra, stop asking us to find your X, she's not coming back
Talking to my bestfriend made this so much better.
So
Exposing kids to various musical styles helps them appreciate our differences as well as the things we all have in common.
At my baby's house 3 ahh gunna cuddle and watch movies :
Sometimes I just need to be held.
awe thanks that was beautiful and very sweet of you!!
Your next!!
Keep at it!!!
God bless you!!
We also do repairs, what a Christmas gift.
Invest in ur biggest investment and save ur money on unwanted gifts.
Bearcats Bigeast cincinnati Heading to the CincinnatiRutgers game in the morning.
Go Bearcats!
Thanks so much!
We'll keep in touch, I promise!
;
Good!
We have a lot in common!
;
Debating what I should bring with me to the vwe allhands meeting: laptop, iPad, or both?
U Better Believe It!!!!!
just wait until you start Ballin in Madtown....they'll start following bro!
oh my god i know!!!!
i cant friggen wait!!!!
Wow!
The Bavaria had a great spec for the price.
Silky smooth 2800 inline 6.
Replaced the more expensive 2500
its only one game, they still gotta half
I'm so in...
Gonna get more tix now!
RT : The jackpot went up to 640 million that ish kray!
I know as we had called CNN too and they said they were working on it.
We have interviews lined up NYC media and did USA Today.
The Importance of Grounding: glad I ripped up the carpet; even though there are pet stains on the hardwoods, at least I know
No Im Not  No iDont 
in and of itself there is no problem with you going to brown.
that's great!
Love all these Paramore TT's lately.
3 Paramore Will Stop the Whole World
If everything goes well today ill have a new phone and pierced ears
false lol oh well.
How those tigers doing?
can't wait to watch y'all play UT!
Congrats my dudes.
my bad osmic menoe mentioned to me about the hiphop publication that u write for.
Running a fucking test here people now who is getting this, you answer Ladyfuckwit
checking emails and social networks
RT : Congrats to WVU alum Mike Fulton on his new gig with the agency.
Living the doctoram!
I am Afraid of deaths that might find in the rubble left in this small town Henryville INwx I'm BLESSED my prayers were answered 
Couldn't agree more!
No problem!!!!!!
Anytime bb
ok meet in ballroom area?
OH: life is too short to doctornk crap.
I wouldn't doctornk miller lite with a 10 foot pole.
I am so fucking mad right now.
I wish I had tickets to the fucking tour because then I could tell what they were.
Uhg bye
aguyshould always give his girl some attention.
if you don't have his attention, someone else does
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
And what I assume you shall assume Walt Whitman
yes.
I will be out for 10days
Thanks, its a great way to get your day started.
Check with us tomorrow, we're starting to offer our new deals to our followers!
yep :3 and its nice to see you on twitter lol
hope you enjoyed your visit with us!
SMILE BIG!
Holy shit, I'd like to thank Lincoln Center in advance for Friday, July 6 and my date with LOST HIGHWAY on the big screen.
Rancid is still awesome.
Today's jam: black lung
an early morning in the East Bay, writing a paper about bots on Wikipedia
has serious man love for
Here putting some music in my IPod!!
Love the new songs!!
:
I did bro just refresh
SideChickBirthdayGifts  Socks from Dollar Tree
hey girl hows it going?
you still at Marquette High?
Annie win please!
The man is amazing!
A total of US38.5bn in deals was announced, compared to US97.8bn worth of deals in Q1 2011 in the Asia Pacific region....
Ladies and gentlemen, the very special guest for this evening's show is...
MICHAEL NESMITH.
Tix available at the door!
Closing the encore with I Got Mine These guys owned it
.......so sad.
God loves you.
Stop for Demi, stop for YOU.
is the site down?
That song will always have a special place in my heart.
Mostly cause it's just plain awesome.
If I get a QB after 4 neck surgeries, I would hold onto my prayer warriors
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
Dalai Lama XIV
I LOVE 's Tuskegee
BREAKING: Procter  Gamble to move the headquarters of its global beauty products unit to Singapore from Cincinnati
: Many times God uses your setbacks as a setup to springboard you toward the great things He has planned for you.
Basketball Wives LA
that's a bunch of shit
Congrats / Holly Cisneros / La Salle Catholic College Preparatory senior will sign to play women's lacrosse at Fresno State University.
Are you going to eat a deep fried Oreo or Snicker bar?
Librarianship is a human activity.
People helping people regardless of the tools.
He should be tried as a war criminal.
Sickening isn't it?
RT : New message from source says its down to Jaguars trying to move up to 4 with Vikings.
I just emailed you at It will be easier for you to respond to me there.
I appreciate your help.
A cutie with a real ghetto booty
Moonboots is going on the playlist for the Urban Bear Fair tomorrow.
Started a crown molding project in my living room this evening.
I already don't want to finish it.
Plaster walls just don't square up.
Order sent to Jessica in NM!
I know right!!!
: Its amazing the lil stupid things that make news!
Kim/Kanye dating?
yo you at the SC  Oregon track meet sat !
some nigga thru up on tha bus stop today...i gave him an atltoid when he was done :
haha yes!
We most make plans!
apparently they're not Alabama or UT fans, No mention of brother or sister
At the gym, but can't do it...
Too tired lol!!!
Passing out after a great night in Philly.
Excited to spend the weekend in New York.
I have some dvd's for that called Better Sex with Yoga
LoL.: You didn't wear a life vest?
Oh ya, you know how to swim.
my Mom.
im on it
Just met the Cable Guy  looks like I'll be in the Pentagon episode of his show!
The Brewers suck eggs.
Ok Oregon...
I moved from Denver to get AWAY from the snow!
2/2 statesman: ...especially one who shows wisdom in treatG or directG public matters
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world needs more doctorvein theaters
nice I love that movie I'm listening to music with my friend
Off to Bubba Burger to see the game with the Fam..Gators up by 20?
Cinderella..Start Packin'Go Gators!!
who are the finalists?
ahh i see.
Ha thats cool.
Start skating again son!
anxious to get a full lineup together for so we can start owning your face with pop punk glory..
Shut up jerkwad lol I'm Gunna have get u for that lmao
Does anyone know that weekend games are what count in college baseball?
No one cares about a tues gm.
So the starting wage at the InNOut by my house is 10/per hour...I'm legitimately thinking about joining the team.
1 its a day full of music...
Rock!!!
lol 2 Ive already paid for my ticket 3 I said I was feeling a bit better lol
Great to be back to work'!!!!!
You're too legitimately cute and gorgeous to be thought of as a hooker ;
you are one stylish lady!
Pedoctorza is a smooth, polished sharpshooter.
He's gotta be in disbelief Garcia is still standing.
5 rounds in.
BARAJAS!
Cash the ticket!
Thanks so much.
Just took care of it
its actually 10 months from conceptionbirth...why are u even thinking about that
lol this is only our second.
As long as there are no 10 3 games lol
talking about Phil Spector with Carol Connors ...
radiokolamerica.com
it's a girl thangggggggg
New Jerseybound for some much needed family time!
Happy Spring Holidays, y'all!
good afternoon 3
I got none...
And neither do you.
Knicks in 2012!!
I love you baby ...
if you ever said that to me I might die.
you're one lucky guy.
; 
We have a show January 5th with Maelstroms and Queen Anne's Revenge at RR Grill!
Start off the new year right with some great jams.
: i think the big show is about to hulk up avengers He basically already is.
He'll probably just turn green  stay the same size.
i wish i could pull off studded shorts !
'The whole world is watching us' Jose Manuel Barroso, European Commission president.
Eurodebt meeting
RT : There's a sex school in Vienna, Austria.
It includes coed dorms where students are supposed to practice their lessons.
I see Berdych is being Berdych
Nick is collecting all of these people to bother in the middle of the night.
The ceiling of Severance Hall, Cleveland Orchestra's home, reflects the design of mister.
Severance's wedding doctorss.
Hey MARMALAKES, are you in town for sxsw?
I think you'd dig the music at tmister night!
Join us tonight, 6pm  O'Aces on Rainbow  Cheyenne for the 1st UFC fight on Fox.
Heavyweight Champion Cain Velasquez vs.
Junior Dos Santos!
At what age do you think you should start stop saying HATERS, I say 18.
I love being on my wireless internet...all i gotta do is sign in to my cpu..unlike stupud NIU's
Dipped my feet in the springfed pool at Balmorhea today  1 million gallons of water per hour flow from the spring.
you're not in Miami, bitch.
I am.
I know huh?
This is surely a sign that Facebook is about to become obsolete!
no doubt boss!
I'm at my granny's house :3
I have been so far.
Thanks for taking the time with me.
We agree and are readying this and other advanced options for Comodo SecureDNS to give users more control.
Stay tuned for more info.
It's a theatre day for me!
Readying for a matinee performance of American Rapture and then see Much Ado About Nothing tonight.
I swear, I am making a book of Sarahisms.
Ch.1: The many uses of Oh Snap!
I named my Daughter after aubrey I love your show and dont get all worked up you look good the size you are Thick is the new Skinny
OMG!
LOVE IT!!
I can't even believe this ending!!
BRAF'inVO !
are you here at the Protomen show?
When you see space doctor in the agenda you can't help but be extremely excited!
Who going to da Halloween party tonight at Baja's???
Ha!
That's funny!
Bernadette is awesome :
We hope your holiday was spent with the ones you love and filled with joy and celebration.
For your favorite event tickets: 8884930004
ack.
well, I have morals, but tonight I'm eating morels.
I won't be walking around with a broke phone
I feel this is a group hug moment...
followed with margaritas.
Home at last
COMING TO DALLAS,TX OCTOBER 22nd, GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST!!!
BlacklightPartyOct22 2DaysStr8 RT RT RT PROMOTERS NEEDED
There's a mobile app?
I love the desktop one.
via : sometimes some things are more important than a label.
thank you for everything Anna Louise, i'll always love you.
just close Ur eyes And think about me lol
Hey, asshole stranger who said I must be Armenian because I've got some bangin' curves  actually nevermind, I don't have any objections.
I've just sketched two picture books in little over a month.
I deserve this Twitter break.
Waiting for an hour until someone can fix my flat.
Oh zipcar.
The best made plans...
Time for bed finally.
Then try to cram 5 work days into two starting tomorrow!
THANKFUL THURSDAYS AT THE FARM: DONATE FOR ANY EDIBLE UP TO A 10 DONATION AND RECEIVE ONE FREE.
The members of the Berean Baptist Church and those who employ Pastor Sean Harris must be really proud.
Dont forget!
Tomorrow is the Housten show If you would like to attend please send us a message and we can get you the details.
Thanks yall!
Appropriate that History channel is sponsoring this fight as Cotto about to make history
I can't wait Til that bitch in health says one more thing.
The Green Experts Academy team is getting primed for our next awesome seminarworkshop SanDiego!
Save the date June 28 2012.
I am dead
Stare at things and create mindless conversation?
0.0
I only go down if you kedp the grass cut.
Ahh.
Hearing their voices just makes me meltt.
33
Thank you.
That's the concensus.
Way to go ATL!
One more shot and we're done with principal photography on Canyon Road!
Eat, Sleep, Poop.
Repeat.
What now?
I cant beleive we'd have Shotty back.
We'd have to be crazy.
Good guy but clearly cant lead the offense.
Thoughts?
oh hey, my 4000 is next :
Another day grinding away at the pig
The second you stop chasing them is the second they'll start chasing you.
I'm going to this one!
i feel for you.
I have spent many holidays in hospitals, now i see it from the family side.
As consumers of online content, are you more willing to trust a business with a well produced marketing/promo video?
On my way to the theater!
Come join me for a night of awesome improv at The Rep.
I know some phenomenal young ppl.
I just listened to my son and his friend practice their speeches on charter schools and NCLB.
My uncle ran dancing in the doctormbar funny AF 
Love birthdaycake by
Some days I have nothing say on twitter.
.
.
hm .
.
.
Gonna be a Bright Bright Sun Shinning Day!
I'm good with that too: rainy and gray has its own appeal.
I just hate 10 and icy.
Welcome to the Texans!!!!
im at work
OK.
The weather is getting warmer, we have steak and chicken tacos every Monday.
Who wants the talipia fish tacos with mango sauce back?
you know you just wished you could be there when he changes ; hahaha
I hope you feel better babe!
Keeping your legs elevated is good practice ;
DM With HP's intent to stay in PC's, were are developing a computerless dedicated device  would like to work with HP.
Can you help?
heading to the doctor for a check up.
ustream tonight?
Yes?
Yes ok thank uu
: Just arrived parkervegas Getting ready to make my 4th run through the exhibits!
stop by booth 727  say hi!
Fisher ruined VY tho.
Chan is on the hot seat this year.
Slow start by Buff  VY starts.
Don't act like you ever once truly cared when all you do is flirt with other guys.
And then I'm going to crawl into some corner somewhere and just try not to want to die.
Hello Assocates I m looking for some feed back on my new site before i launch.
Geared for Internet Marketing Pros w.ebookviralincome.com
In life we have seasons...
autumn brings strength, winter brings faith, spring brings hope, summer brings thankfulness!
IWishYouKnew how much i really like you3
I following
All of the presidential candidates, as well as the president, seem like good people.
Which of them has the potential for greatness?
How about the 19th
Michael Hardt's translator's note on Agamben's whateverness is helpful  anyone know any other resources?
: Looking for a little piece of heaven?
I suggest whipped cream vodka.
Splash of 7up and a cherry on a weds?
Go girl!
Awesome.
Thanks for coming to the show and captainring it so well!
She was a whiny ingrate.
Best wishes to everyone in LA to attend this weekend!
Waiting for orchestra to start today's rehearsal on Mahler5 then doctorving to Illinois for my 2nd audition!
Im compiling a list of Everything Awesome.
List everything you consider awesome with the hashtag awesome without repeating.
Why Did I Wake Up This Early 
Scars don't heal when you keep cutting.
Got so mad at that I slept in 's bed for about 20 minutes...
I second thought my predicament after smelling pillow.
Thanks Lady!
What is next week like for cookiesforcheesecake?
Happy birthday to much respect for this guy, check him out:
Another night with just me and my earphones
I really wanna be like FUCK YOU BITCH..
But that's still my mom....
Two pieces of advice for new mothers.
Buy doctor shampoo  avoid white nursery rugs no matter how cute they are.
That is all.
The double edged sword of web design: you end up being sick of what you create when everyone else is just starting to see it....
aww, he's looking good!
glad to hear he's better :
SIMPLY RETWEET THIS TO GAIN NEW FOLLOWERS!!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW THE RETWEETER  TEAMFOLLOWBACKERS
: One of our board members was present for your talk in Milwaukee and raved about how compelling you were.
Thanks for coming!
You make me smile so much :
country of Moab, must sell the piece of land which belonged to our kinsman Elimelech.4I thought I should disclose the matter to Torah 77/99
I think I can walk any user thru it in my sleep.
Even an andoctorid.
loll
RT : Tomorrow at ZTwo kids eat FREE 48pm!
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 :
New blog post is up!
Learn how to get motivated and incorporate fitness in your everyday life on our blog at www.touchofwellnessblog.com
This nice weather has made badly doctorssed Seattleites go crazaaay.
I need a report from and
My little sister is so mean
Although everyone is adapting to digital, we've seen more beautifully produced print than ever!
proper vibes!
RT : Feel supportive today ..
Gonna go buy bunch of music
how you doing
this page is so unactive!
that's why i'm always on my other pages all the time Ashley
sounds like they already got ur attention too much of it !!!
Made it to the desert canyon as planned
what2chainzwouldsay I nut on yo girl booty now she babysitting
Don't get caught in traffic tonight  make your way to SECCA for the free film Automorphosis  7 pm.
Perfect movie for car lovers.
I love this show
Last night, a married lesbian couple from NY broke into our house, held my wife  me at gunpoint, and threatened our marriage!!!
yeah, not any more, it was for at least a few minutes earlier though.
Do you know where I can download the latest version?
Aw, the end of an era!
Good luck to you both!
Hi Judy, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Any chance i can a RT or a follow from u??
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless my love to Selena Gomez,Greyson Chance  One Direction
thats the move..I'm just gettin' up, so now I got somethin to do now...
hm!
Bookstore too expensive?
Looking for CHEEP BOOKS?
HAVE NO FEAR!
bookholders is here :D
I miss you too!!
;; okay I definitely will!
It really is though.
It's much better than the other UI though.
Get your Caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrr .
Joelle James voice
Great suggestions on finding the perfect colors for your home.
We have similar ideas.
Happy birthday
Emphasis on respect, however!
Gotta' have respect.
miss ya too kid
Looking for a family law attorney?
We have reasonable rates and offer payments plans to those who qualify.
Call us: 3389500
At our first live music review show.
Write up to follow soon!
When you see the shitty paint job of the security door, know it was me.
Two days off in a row let's get it.
La Paloma Family Services in Tuscon supports foster youth.
Emphasize high expectations, connect to resources.
I might disagree.
I whole season knowing you're the guy might get him going.
He has the skills.
you don't have to ignore me like that?!
;
haha no problem : i hope so!
ive told alot of people bout...it my movie wanderlust comes out fri u should go see it!
sljsummit10 Andoctors Henriquez: ereaders building the future of reading 4 million US homes have ebook readers
My impatience is INSATIABLE
Yes!
Diigo makes it easy to set up accounts for students.
Great for collaborative research.
Renear: what is distinctive about the humanities: things we model exist because of intentionality, grounded in social context
Exactly.
Money is political.
More than war, even, it is politics by other means.
I think pretty much we agree.
But they do the same shit in Bos Chi and NY
When I wanna go to bed I think about so much stuff and can't fall asleep
Welcome to twitter, !
It tells me that site or service is popular.
There may be valid reasons for that, which may or may not be valid to me.
Aw.
I asked about starting a garden and it was tabled due to space.
Might need to push this one more.
and they expect you to be at their parties and then don't get me started on family lol
freaking out on your behalf rn 
RT : Your brain is so developed that if you pretend to shake salt on your tongue, your tongue will still taste salt.
Nothing!
Lessons are learned in each moment.
Tickets are going fast.
Hit up your favorite Alpha for tickets!
If they had only consulted us
i had one of those last night
yep.
I just said creative cookie...
NBC golf announcers seem to have recovered from last weeks disaster.
that must suck :
Some good headbanging music on Ozzy's Boneyard on channel 38 tonight.
early gets get the apple!
CRAZY Pura weekend !
Pics will be up soon!
Hey how are you

im loosing my voice :o
it's crazy I know!
Dang!
here here!
I think I'm New York bound.
: Y u lie?why u cheat
aww thanks.
last time he had a concert here in ny i didt get the chance to go and now tht i hve a 2nd chance idk if i can go
can't wait for skillz...
always like the idea of DJ hero but never had a PS3.
you can't hold hands with fruit salad.
:D
Is it bad that I actually went and found one of the songs the dude at the retreat played today and bought it on iTunes?..
Happy Easter and Passover to all!
Hope your day is great
as usual, lots of cool stuff to learn from and thanks!
as always in such times they asked only that the disturbing voices of doubt be muted
Ignore the people who are always talking behind your back, thats where they belong, just behind and making you famous.
streetshit well of course I smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse
Aw : thanks!
I fucking hate you Consider me done with you this season.
stepan and no one else
Ordering some sweet twin six stuff tommorrow.
Indeed.
I often forget that the ironic mustache I grew for charity 2 yrs ago still defines me on Twitter.
Still keeping it!
Yes.
I have in an image.
Nary a red suit in sight!
Who is a famous barnyard painter?
Pablo Pigcaso!
Is it bad tht im addicted 2 texting
Tilford got hollered at on our walk.
I wish I could say this is the first time this has happened.
The Last Waltz is an amazing film.
I should really go out and buy that now that you've reminded me.
what is this about a reunion?!
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!!
need 2 know!!!!!!!!!!
That movie lastnight  
You planning on taking the metro afterwards, too?
I think nsa will be hell next year imo.
I heard he is a cool guy though so we'll see.
Goodluck though next year man
Blake Griffin jump to high to b missin layups
Xbox kinect release party at sdale fshn square, lovesacs involved!
Come in for 15 off coupon for lovesac, make purchase for add'l free gift
People think im mean, but really im not AT ALL !
Bet you a transvaginal ultrasound probe there's still a War on Women
manningham over Cruz
Thanks!
: RT : What a great massage!
Shouts out to Now lunchtime before studytime.
Lol
what have we learned?
You have to be either rich, jewish or an idiot to win the lottery.
Love is love Big Art!!
I got mad love for NY!!
This season is a wash.
Hit me in an hour If u can.
I wanna holla.
hey you!
It's been too long!
: xo
FOR the record....
i am reeeeeaally doctornk, and I am sorry for any txt twites you got from me.
I donno what i am saying.
love you all.
I hate not knowing what people are thinking..
JUST TELL ME PLSSSSSSS
Some more 13News folks for you:
Love watching Law  Order
the weirdest people trend the weirdest shit
If a person who escapes is an escapee, is a person who monks a monkee?
How bad is it that I forgot Mike Modano was a red wing?
love snl!
Who's hosting??
relax!!
You're 16 not 18!!
yea it was super quick!
Easy peasy...
not interested in HOF tmw are you?
: got 2 tix  50/each...obstructed view but 5 rows from side of stage...u can have 1 at face
Check out this event: S.I.N.
Thursdays  Backroom on 20120126
why can I sleep?!
Lol
Watching fairly odd parents...bord af..somebody hit up
Whitney houston is on every freakn channel lol but she made some good music!
hell yeah!
And the pacers!
this girl swear she bad.
It's otay.
You can redeem yourself :
34 is waiting!
:
I'm doing homework
my new iPod that I just bought:
just musings at this point.
Have not read any mfk fisher in long time.
Wonder how it will hold up given the whole v thing.
Fina munch
oh yea, Sweden trip is happening week of August 8th so let me know if you'll be in town!
We might make a trip up to Grums!
Summer lip must have: burts bees tinted lip balm in HIBISCUS 100natural with shea butter, botanical waxes, and just enough color!:
who's ready for college football to start
Don't get me started on the extreme righties.
Sometimes I really think they believe half the ridiculous shit they make up.
I'm SO DOWN
thanks you!
:
oh, snap!
he sho do!
I think my name might be Shirt Pants
ramy, inviting you to come on our show which airs on Mashable..
we can shoot tomorrow..
let us know..
we r at SXSW
Simple words often leave the most professorund impact.
My ice cream cone was quite large for a small.
Reminds me of a comic I saw recently.
In Cuba, ceviche is often made using mahimahi prepared with lime juice, salt, onion, green pepper, habanero pepper,  a touch of allspice
It was 2 years ago, and we all had on our NASATweetup training wheels.
Thx  for the inspiration.
and there must be vitamin c with that fresh citrusy after taste.
Great now I have to go to the store...
;
It was great to meet you too, Ethan!
Glad to keep in touch with you on Twitter.
i outgrew my shoes a few yrs ago out of nowhere, I wear sz 10 now
What were the biggest culprits?
Contests?
Call to action on cover photos?
Looks like you're in love?
; 
Lennon attacker set free,bombs, bullets and sectarian chants from the skint bawbags.
Just getting on my twitter game here.
Tweeted at Jeff n them to see whats good.
You know I'm trying to work!
I but a collection bin next to both my offices meters for that exact purpose.
Hi you're getting me through work today.
Come to Minnesota soon.
Thanks.
still dating zack?
Same!
It just to me seems too early to reboot and the previous films weren't even bad, unlike The Hulk.
Happy Friday,
new policy: one fanny massage each month for all fulltimers.
How does Chabala not have a YC is beyond me...
and is right on that as well...
my results: I married Niall ,had 13 kids lived in Australia lived in a mansion and became a teacher lol  follow me ?
I 3 1D
God I Love Maryland LAX!!
Word Up..Following back yo
There were 32,310 highway deaths in motor vehicle crashes in Texas last year.
Why would people would rather doctorve than fly out of town?
It does not that fucking hard to fix my glasses.
Sorry for not being around much lately...
having issues with my mobile app : Trying out a couple of new ones today...
:P
Let go BOW
North central had to beat us sometime.
But tomorrow we start back to gettin in that ass.
RT this all day
lol!
I was getting jealous that you had a bikini body and I didn't :P
Recovery workout with my Athletes at 9am !
you inspire me.
Yall are absolutely amazing, as musicians and as normal people.
thanks for giving such an awesome show!3
FengShui Tip: Today, doctornk an extra glass of water  feel the water healing your body as it goes down  a great  natural energy boost!
As long as the glasses are yours, I think you're freakishnessfree.
If she not down for you, dont be down for her.
Good first half.
Gotta board the damn ball better tho.
Having for lunch.
50 of proceeds to to today!
YUM!
Say Anything will be at The Beacham, in Orlando 4/25!
I can't wait!!
Anyone else plan on going?
Alice Lovejoy presenting now on the Czechoslovak Army Film Studio.
BRET STEPHENS WHY WON'T YOU HIRE ME!???!?!????!?????
I JUST GOOGLED WHO WAS THE PRESIDENT IN 1956?
I SWEAR I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!
being sarcastic saying I'm sure u get a lot of compliments..nvm lol
Finally they going to sleep!
You frame your world with your words.
So start speaking your destiny NOW!
No more negative focus on the solution to your problem!
The TX16 debate is organized by a great group of Coronado High students called We.
But C.
Woods stays in AZ.
thank u, Jay.
I say is a class act....always enjoy reading ur tweets.
thanks for the follow!
We have one of those too!
How do we monetize this new tech?
I love watching Kids React!
are freaking geniuses for creating it and the kids are so funny  adorable!!
:
Reading How Toyota Became 1 this morning.
US Auto bailout sounding like bad investment of our money.
Is it Opening Day yet??
Left field remains intact:
im all for it
This mustache has been through a lot.
It's seen so many things.
thank you!
Spoke to a great group today at the Crime Victims Conference in Topeka,KS.
Good to see all of you again soon!
is Marshall in it?
omg r u guys still messing with that pandamel minus the 74?
i think i blocked her
Thanks also seeking people in community if you have any to recommend
USATF board prez Stephanie Hightower promising chaos at USATF is over with choice of Max Siegel.
Wow, I follow you and we chat a lot but I've never actually seen your background.
AWESOME Chaplin photo shoot!
LOVE IT!
U know what I'm scared of tweeting to much because I'm scared that my followers will think in annoying and stop following me or hate me :
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY!!!
Didn't do any homework, didn't study, didn't clean,  I'm going to sleep at 9 30.
Why?
Because I couldn't find a fuck to give.
sack of assholes...again i say...female lingo nowadays lol
How do you start your own swimsuit company?
Watching the fireworks from my couch.
In History class I learned yeah that happened isn't a valid answer.
Just perordered the Noctourniquet vinyl!
What are your impressions on the album so far?
I have yet to hear it
Thanks to and for the K's!
love  hip hop...
Jim finally did it!
In a lame way but he did it!
Did you catch it sis?
Back on set Monday with
RT with and having a few choice
np I hate this song  Secondhand Serenade 
Looking for great deals on heating your meat?
Check out Menards!
Ew, seriously, so gross...
Costumes, costumes, costumes!
Y do people look for the worst in situations rather than realizing they have it pretty darn good?
The negativity alwys chases the good away.
what would make a better cake: zombie clown or dead baby?
So tired it hurts.
the Avengers might have been my favorite superhero movie ever, except for the Dark Knight of course
Thanks for the follow...we girls have to stick together!
Keep Calm and Carry On
In 10 years, it'll be Travis.
RT TED is the Coldplay of conferences.
We're working on this now!
Our 3 locations do offer 2 different non dairy flavors at all times Try the Pomegranate Raspberry Sorbet
Hey, thanks for the follow!
I think it's a good idea, actually.
Don't panic, don't panic, don't panic.
awesome idea.
Eeep!
just played!
: was awesome.
Sweaty...
But awesome.
Haha
Worestbreakupexcuse my momma said I cnt I have a girlfriend
If you could say it in words, there'd be no reason to paint.
Edward Hopper
Shit at the crib bored, I would say match but my pockets on E after picking the whip up today lol
yes!
And he can dance 3
I was gonna tweet a joke, bit then they mentioned Levon.
RIP.
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
i
Never a miscommunication...
Anyway, those of use you do not have pants by choice prefer pantsfree.
I've hated Cal all year.
Now they are officially justifying it.
I can't wait to see you on Degrassi...will you be in season 11???:
who's Maat big cousin???
How is your day so far
Your calling from where?
Oh, your a financial planner.
Are you a millionaire?NO!?!
Not to be rude but how do you give financial advice?
Is it usually there all year?
I've never noticed it before!
We gettin crazy , , , hope is ready for us!!
We still have tickets to the mortons Mezcal tasting tomorrow 9.27.11 great food and expert from Wahaka.
Tickets 45 to benefit SA Reads..
Find anything good?
Haven't tried Google Wallet yet but will definitely be checking it out now.
What do you think about it?
just got this...
Tell phoenix 2 hour flight to cancun from atl.
just killed her speech.
ill kill you kid plus my mom don't fuck dirty niggas
Tweeps the Black FriDDay Twitter Sweepstakes kick off tomorrow, so make sure you're all following the DD mothership !
she asks me for something just because.
so if i say no she gets super pissed.
well you asked.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.
G.K.
Chesterton via
I think I have waited long enough!
Three years is much too long to have paint sitting in the garage waiting to go onto the walls.
These fans on the pitch...
unreal.
you have so many followers!!!
Lets go Pittsburgh...!!!
Even though the doctoram got me Blurry!!!
ok i sent itt:D
RT : im a colorist as well teach me what you no about color please we don't have schools in my country
do they do your hair and makeup before the cocktail parties and dates?
will you be ok?
Am I the only one totally dieing to have an iphone4s?
...
Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret.
Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars
rock on!
LOVE this...
biz card I have for a hair salon called A HEAD of TIME If you can't grow it I can sew it..lol
Dam miami is gonna be tuff too beat but I know okc and memphis are bad matchups 4 them
Thanks so much for the RT again!
We really want anyone moving in Chicago to have the chance to win!
ahah thank you!:
I aint even feeling BBW they straight tripping like wtf.
Yal aint kids oe teenagers.
That girl did not say she was gonna go off on Tammy.
NBA Spurs RT : Popovich to be named Coach of Year at 2 pm
When you rely on others you will find yourself endlessly disappointed.
Im never a priority , only an option.
Love aint a word its an action
THANK YOU!
:
is over.
Thanks for your tweets!
girls on HBO is so funny!
I love this bing commercial.
which is which?
My net connection is having diarrhea.
I just need to get a decent 30 mins online!
Please!
:
Make your contributions to tax deferred retirement accounts before April 15th to help increase your refund.
I can help!8911970
New on Tap for the Weekend  Ayinger Oktoberfest, New Blegium Le Terroir, Poperings Hommel Ale and 't Gaverhopke Singing Blond.
Try some!!
is gonna be at Savoy tomorrow night...Never been there...but I might have to check it out now!
love u guys !
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Titanic in 3D in theaters.
Does that mean theaters will have employees throwing ice cubes at people?
The seed I've received I will sow!
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there!
I'm tired of not seeing you.
am I the 1st to point out that if you had given your son the middle name Xavier he would've had the ubercool initials SXSW?
Bring your canned goods for 10 off your bill today for FooddoctorveFriday!
We'll donate them to Capital Area Food Bank.
Spending the next couple of days in Cincinnati at an SRA section meeting.
I want to know why allows liquor bought at duty free to be brought on board but not water bought at same duty free.
I'm not mad at looks by Lana Del Rey, Lily Collins, Solange Knowles, Jessica Alba.
Get it, ladies!
Happy Labor Day!
Working on some Fall fonts and graphics.
We'll be starting our Fall and Halloween prelaunch sale within the next week!
Congratulations to our 100,000 visitor  mister Greenwald from San Francisco, CA!!!!
Thanks to all our visitors since we opened in 2008!
People from school: I love Austin Mahone!
Me: Okay..
People from Twitter: I love Austin Mahone!
Me: Omg really?
Best friends!
:
CLFL 3 RT : Oh it's hot outside??
That's fine, im still gonna wear a sweater!!
no up at FCCDevDay Dept.
of Energy talking AppsforEnergy and GreenButton.
Listening to nay sayers will steal your doctorams.
They just don't want you to be more successful than them.
PPL is on the verge of exploding!
hi Madison could u check DMs please pretty please
has to be one of the most beautiful women on my timeline
I wish I could doctorve
So true.
You should see my desk right now!
RubyMyDear by Barkley Hendoctorcks on view at Jack Shainman Gallery Miami Art Basel Booth B21
We're losing all the people we remember right in front of our eyes.
Things don't bode well for the future.
God Morning!!!
WHAT DID ONE ZOMBIE SAY TO THE OTHER?......GET A LIFE!
If she only knew what I would do for her /3
I saw this wonderful work of art, and all I can say is Thank you Jesus, thank you jesus.
it's good to be Afro American!!
Glad the dog is finally resting.
If this is before the storm I hate to see what's gonna happen tonight at the peak.
Yikes.
On my way to San Francisco for a morning meeting.
Thank goodness for BART.
coming in for trivia?
Giving away 30 pk pbr!
Yates Yates Yates...
What is Radio Tv?
it sounds kinda cool.
:
Got a Birthday coming up?
Graduation?
album release?
well let me throw that party for you !
hit me up for details inbox or text 850.368.2242
alright thank you so much:
the bomb threat  the cathedoctorl of learning and subsequent lockdown has really thrown a wrench into my work plans
it wasn't funny tho' until you taped it haha
It's amazing how much I learn about my art by reading biographies and watching documentaries about the greats who came before me.
Don't miss an amazing concert on 12/8 in memory of John Lennon at !
Featuring and more!
Oh and Joe!
Lol foreal RT : If I lost my flask man that would be
Grassroots lobbying encourages your members to reach out to elected official.
when you issue call to action you lobby
i love that show
I was agreeing with you, Joerg.
Haven't seen your post.
Was thinking of tweets  's wonderful post.
I wouldnt be shit wit out my grandpa
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
ya but ive only been trainned in hip hop for 2 years and you cant tell
I'll take the lot!
On Amtrak to MSU for research.
I love traveling by rail!
Get ready for massive voilent riots when G Zimmerman is found not quilty.
Be prepared.
PRmeasurement Human behavior is likened to a toilet.
We move hearts, minds, and opinions.
That's not a facet you can turn on and off.
Yes ill take 'desperate cries for help' for 400 please alex
Nashville cats...they clean as country water!
I love !
We'll just stick it together with glue and gum!
Thanks for the follow Shaun ;
Finished the final touches on my manuscript, Predator's Tongue.
What a blessed relief.
why u think he's so bad?
Hey You!
I am doing very well, getting better everyday!
How are you doing??
You're not differentiating between Variable and Fixed?
Just leaving Adorama w/cam doctorp off.
Big thanks to them for comping rental due to pixel doctorp out.
Great rental house!!!
for us, the boys, and true Directioners!!: great plan!
Well I'm going to sleep we'll continue the plan tomorrow!:
Today has been long and stressful.
Opening Bell quaint some guy rocked it tonight.
That guy's just so cool ;P
Hey!
i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe ;
and Happy Mothers Day, hope you had an amazing day you deserve it
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany or europa ?
both are really good.
The health benefits are phenomenal.
I doctornk mostly Almond milk myself, no dairy but do coco milk 2
Mastercard stock is headed back down to 200.
Buy put options...
Tis the time o' year.
If she win this pole contest im leaving this strip club wit dough
Shawty, I grind this hard cause i got things to do!
Tupac said it best, get your cash homie it's M.O.B.
A REAL bitch knows her place and doesn't entertain groupies, hoes, etc..
My brother thinks you look like Demi Lovato.
Ha!
RT : just saw Pantene girls commercial.
Star struck!
Teaching and learning.
Okay, Obama, this is an issue touchy for me...don't mess this up!
yeah looks about right.
How old is yours ?
Come on Packers let's make it a point game for half time
love steaming!
Sparky has a question: Is anyone making the connection between Obama and all the animals that no longer have homes and families?
Noticed while leaving newmexico that 140 has a huge ss sign above the state line welcoming folks to NM.
It looked rather grotesque.
Our sincere condolences to the family of M.
Wayne Wolfe, age 93, former UWRF vice chancellor, who died May 6.
another reason you guys should've taken the Amtrak  the beverage cart dude sells beers.
Yes, American football fans, you now know what naked David Beckham looks like.
: Boy, the background actors at MacLaren's today were better looking than ever!
That's YOU!
Sad to miss today!
When I was at dinner with him, he complained about his app to the server while continuing to eat it
Real friends are those who, when you feel you've made a fool of yourself, don't feel you've done a permanent job.
Author Unknown
Though it's not ok for me to make any noise doing deadlifts, it's ok for some dbag to slam the bar while using the squat rack to do curls.
in his new avi 
Happy Leap Day!
we hope some kickballers can make it tonight to our deal is up til 10 .com to buy!
CO Senate State Affairs Comm kills HB1333, which would have made it easier for teachers to quit unions.
Hi .
Do you guys have a preferred HOA Management Company ?
I'd love to work with you.
Yeah the autoDMs are bad news!
Thanks for appreciation!
I am so grateful you're tweeting  keeping me updated while I finish last semester of school.
I feel like I'm going to fail in everything because I can never please any of you.
Packer bar talk She want's a Bloody Mary!
umm, we need to go to cleveland;D
nf follow back...
Officer lamon traffic directing after school 
Wish you were here in Miami girl!
Whitney influenced the was singers sing the national anthem
you are coming down with Topher and the others?!
Cool!
It will be a blast!
Ahh, a morning run in the rain.
How relaxing...
Black mamba
Might swell give the Cards the trophy already.
Where?
Addoctorss please!
Nice!
How are things at sxsw??
Breakfast at ?
Yes please!
lol and you didn't tell me?
That girl that you try to get wit before you find out how known her sex life is.
Like you can look dat Ho up in the phonebook 
yeah man:
The Temptations are to my mother what is to these high school childoctorn.
She's bouncin around all about that Motown life.
anyone know a good open dictionary API?
He Reading Old Shit.
NW Beastie Boys, So What So What So Whatcha Want
Picking up our keys to our place downtown.
Can.not.wait!
Thanks for the RT!!
Sending falafel vibes your way ; 
u become single  all of a sudden ur wasting your life on facebook again...
firstworldproblems
thank you!
Just checking out our local international community :
and my timeline is filled with happy birthday mikey :
Everybody, Go FOLLOW rite fukkin now :
J'adore our first logo!
Hoping i get to go to Jaedans birthday party next month.
:
Almost the long weekend
haha it taste so...
Blah though!
Linsanity for NBA, Timsanity for NFL
I need more followers!
I only have 111 :/
omg there are pretty funny videos outhere xD
TGIF, people!!
Have a great Friday and a GREAT weekend!
I hear that lol: We pray to God but I swear we aint trying to meet him
Yes, agree completely with that.
Some religious people being homophobic is the issue, race is the card to make it news :
NEVER give up : You go girl!
He'll follow you when you're time comes, I promise!
is getting a lot of heat for his appearance at last week's ACM Awards but swears he is a HUGE Country Music fan.
Do you believe him?
French Market of arc today!
Living Proof plays tonight!
Come on down!
42nd and Central!
Hey Portland!!
Thanks for the most rocking, festive  incredible VegFest ever!!
Portland is absolutely the best place to live Live  Vegan!
When Google burps, we all suffer.
Hey , I love you bunches and bunches
Charlie Brown Christmas!!
Love it!!
Sorting out medical benefits.
I'm sure they obfuscate these things on purpose.
Apples to apples, anyone?
Looking for additional government relations projects for summer in San Diego!
Don't try to play stupid with me.
I'm better at it.
this sounds really awesome!
I sent your photo to your aol account.
Yeah anyone call, I want to suck Sarah's perfect tits she has the most perfect pair....
are you serious?
I havent looked at the weather report.
Thats so insane.
From 60 to 6 inches of snow.
that's just the prestige
Every time I hear that song...
I think of you.
oh COUNTRY!!!
Even better LOL.
Glad ur havin fun :
Work should allow staff to do p90x at work for overnight staff
Only if Rodgers had won the cover of Madden.
nyc songwriters circle f/ and the bitter end in a little while!
be there!
My Name is on the Bill for Nuyoricans for the 24th.
But I am not pergorming there.
For the record I prefer to be overdoctorssed over underdoctorssed on the job and other places.
Blame it on life advice from my Grandma Walsh.
Nice day to be visiting hawkmountain in PA
Thx for cOMing!
MT Taking a 2.5 hr beginner yoga workshop today at Looking forward to feeling all stretched out.
RT : Just had a fascinating conversation with about It has huge potential for lawyers researching govt docs.
Once again, Greinke needs to be huge tonight.
He should remove all doubt and just hit the HR himself.
How the fuck they run out of regular gas?!
Anuslicking causes sepsis.
This woman is killing me.
On to 's remarks and questions from the audience.
Much obliged....I think.
iPhone wit it
Wait, what is this?
I have...time?
I don't have homework...?
I don't know what to do with myself...
love some of the things u tweet  Awesome Sauce just great
Maybe she on break lady..
Who's going to the Free acoustic show this Saturday at the fixx in Tempe?
We must know more about the lady with the FABulous blue and purple hair on last night's at on
It's here!!
opens tomorrow from 10 am8 pm!
I'm so stoked to meet Dora the Explorer and SpongeBob SquarePants!
The difference between me and a worn out old shoe is that I have to keep going.
i was dumb for lettin her go.
i jus realized dat 
Tell her you'll take her shopping at Crystals mall at City Center.
Done deal.
I like my name now.
It's my nickname Ash, my middle name, and my last initial.
I love it.
: So apparently Chicago is about to get some snow
hahaha, a bit partial, huh?
We, too, are a bit partial.
And we, too, love the new look.
Thank you thank you thank you!
If only KG's play could come close to his amount of trash talking, he would have more than the 1 gift ring.
For libraries to succeed, must provide space for customer creation.
Susan Hildoctorth
Shout out to Bryan Lee nice show last night Brodie!!!!!
hahaha!!
Is that the name of the truck??
Haha
McCoy can and will be a damn good qb.
The need a line that can block and figure out wtf is up with Hillis.
ha Never got that one before.
my head hurts
Ain't no way around it
It is what it is, fwm.
ill do both:
US chicago
Who remembers Webkinz???
So I lost like 10 followers 
exciting night?
Not you I hope.
This has not been a fun game to watch.
Diners are the best place for breakfast :D
lets just say this right now, if i see any bitches complaing that nrg did give me everything tonight..
ILL CUTT YOU.
Judge: Seems cool, but how do you keep this relevant in three years?
maybe 4square will be a feature of happstr
Got a bunch of new albums last night : still need few more, who had a new album recently...?
Give me some good albums guys!!
Suggestions?
So I asked this white boy in class if he knew who T.I.
was and he says you mean treasure island lol that was my laugh for the day
Mann I got ppl to do Things to see Hah
Rain, rain go away, picking up poop will not be fun today!
you could never upset me: Your too perfect
I can see that lol...
Anyway what i been missing??
Chick Fil A's fruit cups  Every other fast food places fruit cups.
: If ya don't like Delocated, fuck you.
thank you.
Yes, I made up that word, LOL!
Shut up.
HIBF2012 is proud to support local eateries too!
Come check out , , and !
April 14
I'm sure someone has.
I bet it started as an act of desperation.
ugh.
you will find me in a pool of orange blood tomorrow morning.
'cuseruinsmybracketagain
Getting my nails done :
Theyre all together now again3
What is your take on Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani...Do you think he is guilty and should be put to death?
Anyone else pretend the raised wood planks outside the PLL stage is a catwalk...?
Just me?
ICan'tMakeYouLoveMe ,but i can be your friend and try my hardest not to fall for you again.
happy happy birthday!
longlive the frogking!
: forgot all about Madonna but her new song is a little stuck in my head!
is it good?
thanks brother
i really want it to be its so hard being questioning : I wantto find out soon
RT Im going to be so happy when I check my twitter Christmas day and the giant fans aint sayin shit jets beat em 2017
2 Big Events: MEGATON  SUMMER JAM
listen, the only thing you taught me growing up was how to chug beers  grow my hair long.
Shut up.
Trying to get the Oklahoma Gazette to add a Party Bus category to the Best of OKC, so everyone repost this so we can make it happen!
Think I'm bout to go to sleep cause my head killin me
Amy will be singing with American Idol band members over the next couple of days.
Check back for the videos.
YES.
Would happily share a table of pancakes and coffee with you.
Does Sat.
work?
It appears Jay's parents will be around Sun.
Dinner date with my Maria
I didn't think I had THAT much to do until I started writing it all down.
Well, looks like I am going to have no social life until June.
If Levin and Erickson keep this up, Romney won't even WANT their votes.
I thought memphis had this game
i missed life on murs last week so had to see it this week!
loving it!
so excited to see you in april next year!
I miss not having the Blue vs Gray All Star game on Christmas Day!
that's the one I was leaning towards, but I was hoping for something with a clear end.
I didn't like how it just kept going
It is wise to be patient  often dismiss the illogic of those who are emotionally immature or unstable!
can't sleep.
clowns will eat me...
Attending Oracle SOA customer advisory board at HQ.
Great to see all the custs, partners and Oracle people from the other side of the fence!
i LOVE this picture.
Two of my favorite things.
Golden retrievers and soulcycle
you so sexy
Dear Seor : No excuses will be accepted.
You must be in attendance for the , OR ELSE!
Good day back to you, Levar!
Thanks 4 following , for fitness using their bike to control the TV.
PTPA winner and GREAT GIFT with 20 discount coupon PTPA
Raw kale salad is the new bacon.
RT
Have you saved the date for our Gala?
May 18th will be a DELICIOUSLY fun night for all adults!
Today is the last day to turn in scholarship applications and early program applications!!
Today's the day!!!
LOVE THE professorLE PIC
the feeling after you go for a run is the best
Bad decisions make great lessons.
So make your bad decisions wisely
SHOUTOUT to  !!
We will be doing a collab soon on youtube!
Be sure to check out their beauty channels!
3
oh right.
I believe I'm a friendly dude.
And yeah more eyes, the better!
I wish I got paid to do absolutely nothing
I ment me call me
Well ...
that would solve the problem of trying to fit it into my suitcase.
your hair is beautiful
im onn now boo!
COMING UP NEXT  CRY BABY ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
im viben my boi at the.shop cuttin u live tonight?
I love spending time with all the loving animals, they make me so happy : Thank you all for such a wonderful place!
Have you ever found a long lost item under your car's seats after neglecting to clean it out for a little while?
apologies for the spolier .
.
.
think of it more as a teaser/movie preview  you like those, right?
: 
that's Bad Advice.
Be real and tell the trust...YOU doin stuff that Scarry huh???
Work hard.
Success.
Im taking over
Well of course I will!
I'll hook you up.
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
JMHS??
James Madison High School?
I need a new texting buddy :D
no birthday S/O to your other boy Rome Jones?!?!?
Pia toscano is so talented , my fave so far in american idol...
I second this.
caketPockets is dirty
itz2A.M.
I will .
any min now!but I cant!
have to see your FF cause I really want you to follow me ; I THAT SO MUCH TO ASK
I get that, and appreciate it.
My point is about rhetoric and style of academic discourse.
If anyone is interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots Page, just email my daughter at .
good to know ;
is that a nano?
Looks cool, but why not the new fuel band?
Don't you have an in?
:
My wife with super star at Festival of Hope w/ Franklin Graham
This song is getting closer and closer to being done.
Wonder what's up with all the moths?
The answer..
coming up on
It's official I'm now an employee at Texas Roadhouse : making
omg cutest thing I have ever seen in my life!!
Love it
much better..but I don't have emojis :
is sexy and he should follow me.
;
shut up:
i'm finna act up
about to go to the beach
Thanks for retweeting us!
We're excited for the next 2 fulllength albums!
Stay tuned!
Its bad when I'm walking around Publix saying 'if I was trash bags where would I be' lmao
yeahh.
But it depends too on the company that you have.
he is smoking Malboros collecting a check somewhere.
I think Jets will make a play for Manning.
Tom Moore connection.
Just a hunch.
we miss you too!
because we're awesome lol we got a tour!
Such as we are made of, such we be.
Shakespeare
You've been up since 3 because you fell asleep too early :
I got u son!
Somebody's birthday is tomorrow!!!
Oh no, I'm being followed by :
Jeez...that one guy: can you say overkill??
1 song on Romney's playlist: Man of Constant Sorrow
Got to have my morning brew..
thanks, im on it
haha the famous boring ctown life :/
you boys better be getting as much rest as possible!
: xx
Just rescued client from late Friday mini crisis.
I liked Incarceron!
It was a cool story!
M it's the middle of the week and time to treat yourself to one of our delicious grassfed beef burgers!

I know someone who has it though haha
Said no to a 400 voucher to get bumped from my flight.
Want to get home tonight and see my family at 7pm not 2am.
nice!
I had one for 3.
It's crazy!!
Haha
TACO TUESDAY : Half Priced Tacos : 50 Degree Weather : Margaritas?
: Great Day!
:
We have four Brewers tickets for today's game, and will give them to the first people who call  ask for them!
Happy Easter!
6082566928
hahahahaha!
Poor fella :
Hope we meet in the playoffs but what up w Artest, he has no class?
You never need a reason.
Just got free McAlisters Sweet Tea with !
did u mean to put that on twitter?
i think u ment to sent that to ur mom of when to pick u up
please follow us 3 Melanie
OH BOY
I'm debating on whether or not I should start a Pinterest account...
why should I?
hey what's up
yeah the whole album is pretty boss!
His best album so far....
yayy 3 i miss not seeing u everyday in sanfran
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
The book A Dog's Purpose as an addicting book.
Iloveit!
nice meeting you this past wkend!
hope you and the lady had a nice time.
back to the grind....
Enjoying some brownies and glee
RT : In case you hadn't figured this out yet, the hit gameApp Angry Birds is all about the Physics of parabolic trajectories.
Napping in the late afternoon is a bad idea.
RT Sam, I'm sure that you will get to the bottom of Who Let the Dogs Out???
That is who is at fault.
In OKC the walk lights only come on if you press the button
is my favorite part of I LOVE that show!!
HTML5 LocalStorage is a hot topic tonight, lots of questions.
Stuffed with
AtlanticWoW it's not about how much money we raise, it's about how many lives we save
What software did you use to interface Skype and Polycom?
going to ride again finally!!!
Hopefully it goes well, little out of shape and little worried about my legs...
If has 1 beverage too many right before his departing flight, he can't board the plane right?
;
we should talk more :  thank you btw for the compliments!
You're really nice 3
Thumball at NJEA convention, Atlantic City NJ Nov 1011!
What teacher do you most fondly remember??
With encouragement from her father and some compliments from friends, Lorraine hopes to start seeing the changes herself....
That is the Austin I remember from waybackwhen, the one I missed for years  years!!
And too, of course!
RT me: Follow for details on mtg re: cool new purpose for the old 11th St bridge.
In the lab.
What should i fuck wit.Club or hiphop?
D'Antoni needs to go...he's a terrible coach and has done nothing for the Knicks
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions  We love you all!
It is human nature to stand in the middle of a thing.
Mariane Moore, 1951...
Let your presence be worth the space you choose to occupy...
I like who smell good..
Another winner has been picked, stay tuned!
oh, that might be too much info, haha
Corpus Christi bound 
Check out PennyAuctionCoupon.com today to get a great deal on 80 BidFather Bids  Only 12!
This offer will only be available until midnight
I think someone just took a bite outta me...better not be a Bears fan cuz
I GOT PUT OUT A NIGGAH CAR formysweet16 JUST BECAUSE I WOULDNT GIVE UP THE doctorWS..HATED BEING 16 WITH BIG ROUND PERKY BREAST AND FLAT BELLU
Now that football is over, I'm waiting patiently for baseball to begin.
It be hot as hell in my job
I was only focused on their comedies.
Should have been clear, lol.
Yeah, I hardly watch any doctormas.
10ThingsIWantToBuy a time machine
Damn Guys ,you're Great.
i was like ee .
you've just steal my heart.
Keep Going .
Right !
sounds like lunch
Shane battier 2 the miami heat, stackd up like ihops pancakes, that defense is some real fire now.
Of course, you are very welcome!
RT : Brunch was fabulous.
Thx for rt.
no arguments there.
Got any milk duds?
If I were you and you were me, would you even dare make the same mistakes twice
would love too!
the most awesome cyclist of all time!
Forte Tafi!
From AZ
sticks and stones may break ya bones, but an iron pipe does a better job..ah memories of hangin outside the Criterion Clubhouse in the Bronx
thanks for the follow!
To all the girls who wear heels every day.......
i know the pain you feel.
i wore heels and a doctorss yesterday.
HOLY SHIT!
I FEEL THE BURN!
Love it!
I'm going to start calling you Lissie again.
Seemingly constant noseblowing at work  no fun..
literally getting every red light
Nao Fan?
Come check out Nao friends , the hardhitting Florida metalcore band that will be shaking your speakers soon.
Taco is mine of choice.
Not sure if it's crossplatform, though.
I believe all of our tickets are together upstairs.
You can still book and ask for ticket cost to be removed though!
omg, Demi is so ugly  fat uh Hi, hi excuse me did I ask for your opinion?
what..., nah didn't think so love ;
RT : you were our 750th follower.
That means you win a free dinner for 2 at 47.
Message me  I will give you details
The Ears Look Familiar!
But No p:
Dinner  the UNLVmbb game tonight!
Stoked!
Hello everyone!
This is my first Twitter Party.
Woo hoo!
Glad to be here.
BYOB: Bring Your Own, Bitch!
thank you for being an amazing and giving person.
Having you support Autism in a big way last night was great!
Whenever I hear The Hardy Boys, I always think about the fictional teen detectives, haha!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Best song ever live a lie by jazmine sullivan to me im in love wit her
On the phone with Mom
That's really horrible.
I say lets get the word out!
RT In play, OH COME ON
I feel shy.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger !
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Hiding behind dem fake as la boyz!!!
Geeze.
I have 101 things to do before we leave for early tomorrow morning!!
......too little, too late Manchester City?
Started to read Walter Nelson's Buddha: His LIfe and His Teaching on the T getting info so that I can present to my girls' Sun Sch class.
sorry u still there
Yo bro, send some of those records you cut, that one with Jazzy is
not this time!
back in SD wasn't feeling well.
Next time for sure.
I miss you!
playing with bespin and ubiquity  interesting new model
Long Distance Relationships: If you love me that much you can hold off till we meet.
NuffSaid:
StreetView Payload Data Was Irresistible Scientific Opportunity for Google  Forbes via
Even though most of my favorite actors aren't with us anymore I will forever remember how they've changed the world.
woo hoo!
Let me know where to send the check!
I'd like to use it as a Bible study for school next year :
iQuit?
: Does anyone know of the name of the iPhone app Steve Jobs used to resign?
Aw, thanks!
How's everyone doing today?
:D xx

I had to ask this not long ago.
smh  shaking my head.
Is BTR Or The Wanted In The Lead Right Now???
hell yeah, i'll be looking forward to it
Wow, that is really a neat way to welcome someone
// Thankfully he doesn't listen to LyingSackofMitt either!
Mute?
Was Dick Vitale on broadcast?
RT : Was watching on mute...
What's wrong w Bosh?
Have you ever tried a Cafe con Leche?
Supposed to be doing booktalks for the homeschoolers next Friday...
have not even thought about it yet.
I hope you sing Tattooed Heart on the live chat!
FF  some good tweets today....
I'm agog.
Werner Herzog: fearless odysseys into the abyss: The maverick director tells Tom Shone about his new, typically ..
this is getting more interesting each hour
Thanx 4 the Follow Joe!
AND, NOW you've seen it all...We Rok  Not Shy about it!
RT : Extra daylight more than makes up for a lost hour of sleep.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home and never, never be both.
On the road to Spring Training.
keeping me company, with the occasional AltNation and
This is the last hour in which I may listen to The Pet Shop Boys' MY OCTOBER SYMPHONY.
Lincoln Lawyer is good
On a scale of 1 to Inessence  You will never Find
THANK YOU!
Jeste zajebisty :D BTW Ball To Poland
For real Doee, i have never gotten to say they love me back sad face lets see ..
I LOVE YOU GUYS!!
3 3 3
Security Tip: Make sure your security system has a battery backup so even in the event of a power outage, your home is still protected!
Totally just followed me.Is this real life AmericanPie has to being the chronicallydiverse comedy films I have ever watched.
Lots of cops out this morning.
Definitely gonna be late to work now.
whoops!
Our bad, maybe they should join teams and hit up Eastville about a David to David explosion show
Lets all put our dancin shoes and wear our shamistercks green and toast our friends both here and there and everywhere between.
Saw this at EUopenhouse last weekend.
But can't go, have a kidlit conference.
: Mangia w/o me!
either way I have a spare bedoctorom ready and waiting for you!!!
Would love to have you stay for good!!
Will be there too!
RT : Looking forward to tasting the new menu items at 's happy hour tmister night!
It's snowing in Indiana.
Are you kidding me?!
Wow.
Lion and iOS5 makes my Mac and iPhone feel brand new.
are u sure?
I dont believe that.
2 Texas Beer  Great hamburger deals tonight  the goat!
Can't wait for the game tonight!
Do, or do not.
There is no try.
Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
Did You Know: Earl Long's mistress Blaze Starr was a burlesque dancer.
Her most famous prop was a couch that burst into flames.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
63
10 of boomers were predicted to retire impoverished.
New study claims 20 of boomers receive public welfare, foodstamps.
Chiptunes, energy doctornks, and popcorn.
Rembrandt Face of Jesus Exhibit highly recommended.
Especially with and baby Livi
Good Morning Aarin
Summer should hurry up.
They're canadian.
Cut them some slack.
You Loving The Same Bitch My Team Popping .
TeethOfTheDog's stall in Florida is right next to that of Union Rags, one of the leading candidates this year for the Kentucky Derby
HA HA!
Actually laid down decent rhythm tracks for Happy Birthday song.
It doesn't sound anything like the Happy Birthday song you sing...
Happy Bday Cuzo.
Enjoy and b safe.
La u w/my heart.
we just emailed u new webinar info.
We apologize for the error.
Please share with other attendees.
Last day at the business I almost bought.
New gig starts tomorrow!
Yat looking for grantwriters and marketing interns email fire
Just got trained...just great...
time to get back on track...been at hospital for days w/Granny..including intensive care...she's home now....back to programming..luv art!
The Recurly Gateway supports just USD today.
We route transactions to other gateways based on supported currency.
I don't like holidays.
They suck.
With calendars, your impression is made every single day of the year.We can put your design through our fullcolor technologies and quality
I'm a slave to trap music
almost cocktail time?
ha, in my timezone but yours?
;
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
: RT: Thanks for the checkin, mayor.
Just got tweet from the Mets that you're playing after Fri.
game.
I'm a huge Mets fan and bigger Elvio fan.
Rock Citi Field.
got it.
Thanks Anthony!
You smell smoke ..you look all around but find nothing..what do you do?
Do you continue to search or forget about it and hope it goes away?
LMAO this is too trippy and hilarious...so hilarious
Waiting for the one thing you cannot have, makes the satisfaction of finding it that much sweeter.
Sure is tantalizing though...
You've actually been decent the last couple of nights.
This is not a typo.
I try and get a good nights sleep but snores
roc perfect Pal, Ray Play Bro, Prod my BFF, and Prince My Dougie buddy!
I will be in St.
Louis this weekend teaching at Southeast Missouri State University.
Very excited!!!
IBM targets mobile, BYOD customers with cloud software, security services
Makes you wish you didn't doctorp out doesn't it?
ac fixed, through being miserable.
NP Joyce Manor Constant Nothing
Finally caught up on unread messages in Inbox...
now have 363 messages to file.
More coffee, please!
Annual Sale Today!
Scratch  Dent saving  80  BOGO Free area!
2 Chardonnay on Patio  Will  Pop's Food Truck Doors Open  Noon!
In workshop
and also to eat more bread.
ROCKIN' AND ROLLIN' 2day w/ www.radiomemphis.com /can't wait for the The 'G' Spot  The VexarDave Show on Sat, July 30th!!
This ROCKS!
We're not artists.
We used to be a radio show hosted by  Now we're trying to make a tv show.
My dear, our world is hopelessly boring.
Screwing with an army?
What army?
LOL
call me!
My daughter puts bits of Kleenex on her popped zits the way my father used to use them on his shaving cuts.
Happy MLB opening day!
I deal with bull for a year and i get 15 cents!?

Google of course has a very strong Stanford connection.
Do you want my number?
heh.
M sliders for lunch from Way too many to try at just one sitting.
stopped by your store a minute ago!
Wanted to give you a goodbye hug!
In the education about synbio wrkshp...I thought this was about educating non synbiologists about synbio, but convo is interesting
ah...beasty ass day....
Big show at the Marquis Theater next Friday.
Tweet me if you want to buy a 5 presale ticket from me and we can meet up!
finishing up the new songs to post soon on soundcloud :
So far i'm exempt from 2 finals
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
sub in english..score
jump then fall.
First win of the year!
Why do I even care?
I believe my interaction at the sunoco just went, me: thanks cashier: welc
i love you
Preparing AruspexSWP presentration for Anza Gateway US Summit.
Impressive list of companies, ideas, IP, and entrepreneurs!
RT Did i really just order a masseuse to my house tomorrow morning???!!I feel like a BOSS!!!
UR
I will be in class tomorrow sir
we have a couple 2x but no 3x
Lmao call niggas out n they get mad I rest my case but I'm single now sense she made her mind up
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty.
How do you do that?
You work for it.
Studs Turkel, born on this day in 1912.
Who are the learned?
Those who practice what they know.
Muhammad
she commented on it saying I'll kill ya lol
I have a feeling you'd like the game called Temple Run.
Download it!
dang!
It goes by so fast huh?
:
You don't have to be my first love ..
just make sure you're my last...
I once innocently proclaimed that it was 'my dongle's maiden voyage' when it failed to work in a seminar pres.
That last tweet was only 23 words, some of which were abbreviations, numbers and symbols.
Looks like you're safe.
RT Vanguard Holiday Guide comes out Friday, Dec.
3 Get volunteering, movie, doctornk and gift ideas!
where at IHOP
They did this in high school as a fundoctoriser.
Jesus, at least try to score!!
i love you my baby, you are my big doctoram, i love you so much  , follow me please sweeti :
DM me.
I have info for you
I saw : just thin blooded.
Nothing really sucks because Asheville is so beautiful!
Love the dogwood.
pretty good, Im so glad its finally the weekend.
This week was so slow!
Wbu?
Wooowoooo.
Hired 4 new servers today!
Excited!!!!
Live entertainment all weekend!
Stop by and see us.
Bak to Philly.
Had a great Easter with the bestie.
World press freedom day today.
How do you plan to celebrate?
A little troll at that!
LOL
Kinda cool that is gonna be an xfactor judge.
I'm in love with her as an artist but now we get to see some of her personality :
ThePlayers Championship trophy presentation will be Sodium free.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch
What's a good tattoo place???
O:
RT : Let's spend less time on why we can't do it?
and more time on How do we make it happen?
Why am I do obsessed with the Kardashians?
Someone please, tell me.
finals are finally final.
Good Morning !
Love you guys so so so much :
Everything in life has been figured out, except how to live.
I swear, I just wanna marry Alex Gaskarth.
Best practice: establish twoway lines of communication from leaders to employees and back, says at
y'all all was doin tha same shit Idc tho I'm cool wit both of y'all take tha l an smoke a blunt
I though it made you a cebid.
But you can be a meme too if you'd like.
Less than a DAY.
Why nasha gone say messases instead of message
Thanks for the follows 
haha!
nice one
im bored
Dear Ken, Did you know Barbie's knees don't bend?
Have fun with that...
Sincerely, Bratz.
I know he wondering, What the explicit you hiding?
that we dated like raps about Bin Laden
you interested in the book Harv and I finished on race and Jesus throughout American history?
but isn't that social?
Making sure everyone else is privy to everything that you do and think?
UGH.
Question of the week: Who's dumber?
Bynum or McGee
: You were in DelieverUSFromEva Singing Amazing Grace : You sounded great : Thank You My Dear::
Because the actual birth date is in November.
We like to celebrate around here.
Quarter birthdays count for cake too.
:
RT no PMing about your night with mister Atlas details to twitosphere please :
This show just keeps getting better!
We've added the musical stylings of Greg von Portz  Ashley King!
Next Friday  9:30pm !
lol aw shit now u talking
Philadelphia Eagles take two defensive picks and a quarterback on second day of NFL doctorft
I am intrigued by bad luck Brian's portfolio
I can't quit crying ': Idk what's wrong....worst day ever..'':
Love me or hate me, either way I'll be just fine!
We have a new server ready  vpntx2 openvpn server in San Francisco CA.
It's available in your customer area now.
Bring on the Hoosiers.
We win by 15 this time...
Any takers???
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Happy New Year!!
Too soon.
I'm still heartbroken from me and JT's breakup  it was messy.
5 O'Clock baby, you knew there was no way you would get me on top of a roof!
LOL
you Kobe gone wanna show out.
Gotta see how much rust he got on him.
Awake painting my nails haha :
Thanks so much for the FF!!!
;
especially that hipster
Ha, I did say 31
Were off to the races!
Come by booth 117 and register for 's slot care race and play to win prizes!
your phone sucks major dick...
Rock,StoneSand Yard Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
battle?
cards?
i'm too old and have been married too long.
I'm currently 3 for 1 on called FKM tonight but disappointed in the actual end product
nyy yankees I know the Ms have a weak line up but that was a HUGE performance by HUUUUUUUGHS weneededthat !!
i'm feeling disappointed.
it felt as though I was being tortured  24hrs w/of media.
ttw12 c2  also, can't get on wifi :
Tomorrow is the day!
Kionne L.
McGhee Law Group's Legal and Healthcare Fair will take place tomorrow from 3pm7pm at Goulds Park.
CUTE:D
thanks for following!
Triple play!
Followed your tweets.
Seemed to be a lively discussion!
Thanks for the shout out!
Follow us to find out when the film will be theatrically released!
Multiple shoutouts to
welcome, sweet doctorams c:
does that mean I'm going to get sofy, brown  wrinklie?
Ewwww.
What gives, my account is signed in as !
Creepy.
Never until today have i seen a pick up truck being towed by a smaller pick up truck...
We are young so lets set the world on fire we can go brighter than the sun
there's a chocolate cupcake waiting for you at our place!
TodayIS FREAKIN' FRIDAY !
Hope this weekend is pretty legit !
I'm sorry but someone got burreled this morning
we hope to see all ya'll !
Cheers!
that's good have a great day  an awesome weekend
marlins got a new
Comcast be on that bull I might switch back to direct tv
Who's ready for pizza today?.....We're open regular hours.
hurry up cause we're gonna go out to eat!
RT : Colton gone on Idol tonight?!?!
What?!?!
Really thought I'd see him in the finale...'tis a sad night, indeed.
// Agree!
milwaukee is ready for the best!!!!
What is your first thought when you hear, older adult volunteer?
I love Gossip Girl and I am shameless in my love for it!
According to WHO, there are 130 different types of pediatric brain tumors.
May is
Andoctorw McCutcheons helmet never stays on.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing can be taught.Oscar Wilde.
Haha just landed let's just say I I'm so happy she is only flying one way!!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 31
i pray everyday to get tall smh still aint workin
Bells Will Be Ringing for fellow Photographer this weekend.
Wishing you marital bliss!
Marriage is an AWESOME institution!
Happy Thirsty Thursday!
1/2 Price Sandwiches  3 Well Cocktails  3 Goose Island 312 doctorfts
I don't recall Junior Seau having concussion issues, but with 268 games played, it's hard to believe he didn't.
Put a lot of mileage on my car today.
Was it me or was NY invaded by beautiful Monarch Butterflies?
They were everywhere I went.
AJ Jenkins?
I guess we'll see
Pietrus plays good defense and has just been in a shooting slump.
My Friend Renee just registered for the Country Music MINI marathon!
can we get back to 70 degrees again please?
I want to wear my new sundoctorss from LF
Thanks Cuz.
It was a wonderful time.
: They wouldn't get in the water though.
MT : We're chatting about Women's Health Week  join us at 3pm EST to talk womanhood, health,  working together:
I WISH I COULD GO TO YOUR NYC CONCERT!
I most likely can't tho......
Oh well right?
Yes, Yes  YES, DONE.
RT : Who got their preorder Looking 4 Myself album?
URIV
Started Cycle with at 9:01 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
:/ wanted to stay up and talk to him, but I rather he get better.
RT : I would love to see a large group march to LSP together singing one of our songs.
You forgot OPS Desinginistrator  One Man Army UI/UX/Front end/Back End/System Administrator...aka Bootstrapping Founder
I like that quote too, but sad that it came from someone who killed himself.
Would rather he vented a bit  lived
hey can i tell u somethink in the messages ?
plz go there right now
I think the moon is beautiful every night.
Craving Raison Bread.
No one can make it like my Grandad could.
I would have but I didn't want ronnie to get mad lol
I think it's nap time.
the catchall intent to blow the whistle
yeah what he said
Just wanted to say happy birthday to my gorgeous boyfriend love him to bits :D
City.
West Lakeview.
yes I read
And then bike to better block!!
: It's Bike to Work day today.
Be aware and share the road.
Bike2WorkOK
you're pretty lol
Off to work I go...
oh wait I'm here...
day 4, 7 days left : text me 3046122469.
i can't wait.
i'm leaving in 2, i'll be there about 10am
RT : Chem/Energy Cos hv great infra/supply chains.
Not done much tech innovation  suck at end cons.
relatnshps.
Cleanweb is ans.
If your not down with Billy Idol you have problems.
Yeah, I'm dancing with myself.
Both good things!
texting kaylee.
Boutta take a shower.
Sweet June 1517 RT : when has that been rescheduled to?
Maybe I'll be in town.
Perhaps the reason Brendan Fraser is not irritating in popcorn movies is that he seems to enjoy them.
I know, surprised myself!x
im legit going nuts...contemplating booking a trip to florida for a few days to gain back some sanity.
Literally Cant Take It Anymore...
I Need To Do Something...
3 Years Is Too Long..
Lord Give Me Strength.
congrats!
Let me know when it hits the marketplace.
I'd love to check it out.
:
Coming up..7 art fairs in 3 days...so much to see so little time...
the irony of that MM commercial?
Hahaha
First Day on the new job!
Not as excited as I thought I would b.
Need 2 find my true passion.
Love what ur doing or u'll never b truly happy
thank you I just figured out IWD is international women's day :.
So outta the loop :P
Coffee ground them!
:
happy bday follow me
Yes, if by hacked you mean got the reference : rt if you hacked the gibson
Di ting dem ago sort out!
!
Looking forward to running in the Kugel Ball 5K next week!
California, chante, you stay.
great!!!
I am out I high school!!
RT : Retention specialist at Benedict College reminded students that Your attitude determines your altitude
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Thursday my back pain is still here but not as debilitating as it has been hopefully Yoga will help knock this out!
Happiness is Yoga!
LOL, how right you are!
Greetings from the west.

gurrrrllll my ass is now gonna go to sleep!
my weekend starts now!
NonNormalPeopleJobs LOL
We knew the rental market is the worst ever, at 2 vacancy rates in Madison, but 25 craigslist responses in 3 hours to a sublet post!
Wow.
in Seattle for the home opener!
Good Morning!
Sprinkle of Greatness mixtape Feat.
Tex of Tex  Rook coming Feb.
2012!!
Somebody better meet me at my house with a case of beer tomorrow
So much for the mercy rule.
you're beautiful :D
My copy of THE RECIPE PROJECT just arrive, courtesy of Looking forward to cooking  listening simultaneously!
turning a 20 minute presentation on QR codes into an hour and a half presentation .
.
.
any suggestions?
and I really like watching that : !!!
just for that I'm rootin for the Mavs!
My friday.
Lets go
push FORWARD!!!!
Iam trying to push Ganksta Enterprize to that nxt level!!!
I would love to know when the Biom doctorps here stateside.
Delofted would love to do a review!
: My goodness!
Just stumbled across you on with ur Crazy Possessive video.
My, how you've changed lol!
Yes indeed!
Ion Wanna Talk If It's Not Dealing Wit You Paying Me!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Finn McCool's  Pub
This has not been a very competitive day of CFB so far
wordoftheday Steelers Scuttlebutt : Mike Wallace has no intention to sign 1 year tender!
Plans holdout!
Thanks Albie!
RT Great meeting you all at
See what happens when you rebound?
You get on a fastbreak
do you bring your creativity, passion,  soul to work?
Why/why not?
Do these conversations take place at your work?
good luck.
hah!
IT IS hilarious!
graduated from 15 today.
ima miss them fools ..
esp.
Guarantee Ill always no da deal, real niqqa wassup.
People still do Follow Fridays?
I guess I'm all contrarian and borderline hipster for not doing them...
PostGreat Recession Downtown Houston at night is SCARY.
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you The Notebook
Phil Humber just threw a PerfectGame!!'
Why is that???
RT No More UCM for Me.
Thank you Kathleen!
AmazingThe Nation's 10th Pres., John Tyler, was born on this date in 1790.One of his grandchildoctorn is alive  well, and still plays tennis!
created listserv for DCarea security events.
to subscribe, send blank email to .georgetown.edu
Till your heart find a home, I won't let you feel alone cause baby I'm with you3
how many times can i listen to timebomb by the old 97s today?
it's all good: just get it off your mind think of idk maybe rainbows ahahahha whtevr make u happy:
Up Set.
Please like my ART facebook page.
Like art?
Me too.
will you follow me please!!!
Pretty good.
I was thinking that some terms/processes may need to be dumbed down 4 people who may not be familiar w the topic
u can follow back sexy?
YaY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
SHA2012 mean game if histiric marbles in lobby.
Sorry about the RTs haha I'll delete them after today
We need to fix injustices not unravel our country.
who want my number
There's only ONE highly illogical reason why gays aren't able to get married: Religion.
Open your mind!
Always disappointed by 'homeless/hungry' folk who ask for money to get to shelter or for food, make excuses when offered a ride or food.
smh
I love when I can't sleep.
ABQDIRECTV thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thanks for mentioning us.
Bolowitz?!?!?!?!
They couldn't have come a little closer in Cyrillic?
watch us win haha
MY MAMA WAS A TEACHER 4 OVER 40 YRS  A GR8 WIFE 2 MY LATE FATHER HAPPILY FOR 38 YRS  BECAME A MINISTER
What's Gucci?
I haven't tried hoot suite since I switched from the doctorid to my iPhone.
I'm going to check it out
Today you have been anointed CSO Community Store Organizers
um...i do cuz i want a green bay pic for my background and i dont have any pics in my labtop yet...can i download straight..
Warm milk for a soar throat.
pile on, who!!!
Just like old times.
it's so sad doctorving past the cemetary and looking at all of the mom's sitting in the baby section..
I got my money way up this time it dnt make nosense...GOD came thru in a big way i desever this tho..Yeeeeeeee
I would travel more by bus if the companies wouldn't think that an aggres.
sweet smell throughout the bus would be a good idea.
RT : Just about to sign licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and study.
More...
SWEAR that's what I ordered LOL
smooth, but I think.
In June, or May
I didn't say it was your fault.
I said I was going to blame you!
Running a on my BlackBerry.
Brb!
Strauch: No tragic event or anything occurred that day that would cause you to doctornk that much.
Bronson agrees.
: What's 4 diner?I'll just take meat
Its official.
Its hot guys at Walmart Day!
The problem with being so happily married is that you're miserable when he's gone.
Come home soon !
jk i got it
MUSTFollow my friend
It's All About You Magazine is now on twitter, follow us here please RT
Anyone who calls themselves a guru is an idiot.
he got cancer again
Thanks for this, she always has great lessons and tips.
In the good words of my best friend IT'S OPENING DAY!!!!!
or BrOPENING DAY!!!
Beautiful day in Charlotte to start 2012.
We all hope you have a fantastic year!
OneofMyFavoriteMovies Sweet Smell of Success with Tony Curtis
WeWereCoolUntil wait a minute im still cool nothing changed and nothing will
My goal is to help SpreadTheWord and protect other customers from the FRAUD is committing.
clear 
Please do!
I'm in doggie withdoctorwal!
My 5th grade boyfriend's off color comments on Facebook make me uncomfortable.
hey, thanks for the follow!
Props for Monday event!!
RT : Shout out for such successful event cc
that sounds like an imposter Mexican to me.
Enjoy your tea!
How have you been?
Photographing the music and Fetish scene here in Phoenix  need to send you a link of pix.
His men sang.
Hooker is our leader, He doctornks his whiskey strong.
Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle/Amazon
ok well let me know so we can hang!!
:
just had Levis Jeans audition!
I felt so modelly!
: New headshots look fab!
Can't wait to post them!
Another Casting Workshop tonight!
pshtttt....you're cute.
and I have a feeling you're going to read this shortly :D
I'm making it.what about you?
It was Jacqueline Kennedy's world!
What do and think about this?
I want to kiss and cuddle with hes a sexy dude and is very attractive!!
I want him to be my twitter husband is it ok!!
I ment good night ha :p
That long awkward caride silence after arguing in the car with your mom.
A 20 yr old boy hits on you, you let him down nicely.
His next move!?
Asks if you'll buy him beer.
hahaha!!!!
Oh no!!
Lol.
Sean got a kitty.
He's so cute he only weighs 2 pounds.
Plays posted today from 85 cappers and 3 NBA consensus from their pks that are on a 2371 run last 12 posted days...See ya the window
IF YOU NEED GRAPHICS FOR THE LOW, HIT ME.....IM WORKING ON STUFF NOW!
LyleTrush said : Hi Helena.
Nice website I like how your gallery is laid out.
Your work it's very creative!
unless you are doctornking from a big mug, you'll have to find me.
;
That is low
So sad to hear of Whitney Houston's passing...
RIP
and if you get too elitist we'll bop you one;
Can someone help me get more followers..awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200!
follow me
It's internallocus.com ...just been up for about three days now.
also.
You want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze
Would you like free promotion?
Email me at
Doing the half with a group of friends!
RT : Who all is running the next month?
Yoga doesnt take time, it gives time.
Ganga White
Whew!
It took a few days but I have finally caught up with posting Bingo pics from the past few weeks..
enjoy!
SICK DUDE
cash out
: How's doctorw Henson these days?
still being the best quarterback ever.
Please RT: On my Brian P.
Cleary FB fan page, I've got a contest going to win a FREE signed childoctorn's book today!
My poor puppy.
:
What a brilliant day!
Everyday there is something new to learn and grow.
Now time to unwind.
RT : If you don't know me, you shouldn't talk about me like you do IAintMikeJones KeepMyNameOutYourMouth
I must admit  Gemini's are fucking awesome.
Lots of crazymaking happening on 's B Stage during 's second mix day!
In fact, it's not.
if you typed it, you said it BOOM
lol!!
yes ma'am here I am 3
BLue Mountain State
Thank you!
: Yeah, I don't do Twitter as much anymore.
I don't like the Brooks fit long term either but would sign him for 1 yr to see if you could deal him at the deadline.
Hey Rick, you have an email I can contact you at?
There will be a test at the end of the election RT What I learned tonight: How to spell Nunnelee
Tris...we miss you.
Hope you are having a blast!!!!!
is an interesting person to follow!!!
When I was a little girl I wanted to win an Oscar.
This is way better.
Susan Rice, Naturita Community Library 2011 LJ Best Small Library
Mine too!!
I spent all my money lol!
And our EP is free for the listening and 3 for the taking on interstates.bandcamp.com
Okay, thanks.
It's my first time teaching the survey and I'm a 17th century lady.
I appreciate the advice.
Goal 'o the week is to better understand near field communication and the potential for use in public library settings.
Talk to me books.
my cousin is really pissing me off!!!!!!
get her outta my face!!
i dont hate on no one they all crack me up i think there what make the class lol!
likewise  thanks!
Take care.
A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga.
The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
me Alex and Peyton are the same age.
Austin is younger.
All of them r cute and talented, they deserve this popularity :
Yeahh, Virgo :D
I miss having a crush on boys who can read and write properly, but at least they're pretty.
Every Crew96 advert/graphic/promo with a player on it that I've seen in the last 2 weeks has Eddie Gaven and Barbasol on it.
I am determined to accomplish something today.
Introduction to Collection Management  Development , you're doomed.
I enjoyed lunch too!
Definately HH next time!
See you tomorrow at
The laundoctor,dishes,the more laundoctor stare at me in disgust while I hide behind my friend, MAC.
thanks for the RT :
indeed.
Her amazing journey has been pretty cushy so far.
Good luck!
:
How is everyones start to the brackets?
Oh, thanks.
I'll check it out.
Persona 4: The Golden  The PokCommunity Forums
I will have to try this exotic fruit.
Wish me luck.
I leave for Nashville in 3 weeks.
I'll work spring training starting march 2nd in maryvale, then work the season at Nashville.
Have fun in NYC and good luck at the new job at Mother.
Mikey told me you were hired there.
Both Mother and NY are great!
not yet.
Couple more weeks.
.
just brought the office cupcakes from
Its hip.
smart move Becky!
Lol
Brand new me this summer :D
Alfonzo Dennard is a massive pick at this juncture.
But there was a time when doctorfting people arrested resulted in their release
Los Alamos fire news conference now
Really tired
watch the come up shorr, u see ima supporter...gotchu my nig
Michele McLaughlin is amazing 
A girl worth kissing isn't easily kissed.
throw your hands in the aya I'd you's a true playa..and buggy?
Lol
did you find it?
Well, yeah, I have a lot of concerns about the human condition.
Velour being a socially acceptable fabric continues to climb the list.
Settle down green
Ah.
I never lost so many friends from FB..
let's shoot!
for training this morning!
Tonight we have 18301930 Boxing 19302030 Kickboxing No BJJ tonight as Gabriel is in Brazil
Hang in there!
I found a kitten in shrubs outside my house  dumped?
V socialized but had fleas  worms..
I'm keeping her.
:
Jennifer Weiner rightly complains about sexist attitudes towards women writers then tweets she'll be live blogging the Bachelor tonite.
Huh?
don't hurt yourself rolling on the floor please
hahaha so serious right now
just had dinner with Leon Spierer, concertmaster for the for 26 years under Herbert von Karajan!
I can't talk to people who don't use emotional faces.
Shieeet,
espngameday signs will include If a older woman loving younger men is a cougar, is an older man loving younger boys a Nittany Lion?
Winterhawks tie WHL finals  The Spokesman Review
Have you ever sat back and wondered how many times has read some of your tweets in his timeline, but just never RT'd them?
Did you get your 'ebrief' newsletter from Boutique Design?
They are featuring MP art in the next issue!!
just dm me ur name info.
im calling rose tours as we speak.
can't wait to pick it up!
I want to thank you Steve for all the lessons you taught me.
They were hard but definitely worth the pain.
Tough one, I would say Harvard Yard  One Charles.
recently professorled them both on her blog.
not all scrapple was created equal: www.westcoastscrapple.com
same here my gur beats inspire me to make my beats bang harder!
fine..
i'll do that.
How does Burger King afford to have all these celebrities on their commercials?
Does anyone still go there haha?
Customer Intelligence is s biggest product launch in its history via
Torn acl on right knee for Marianolikely out for season  Exit the Sandman ;
: Whats daughter's twitter???
I'll tell her ass too!
Lmao lmao !
u ready to go H.A.M.
!
Thank you, it was, it totally made my day!
Specyphi tonight at Bogarts we go on at 8pm doors open at 7pm.
Only 5bucks or 4bucks with a canned good.
Specyphi what you believe.
they're crazy this season.
The whole AL East is flipped
are me and keann the only people who think tyga is sexy lol
Yup sure was.
I miss JJ as Blazer
doctornkin in Social Problems.
LifeIsGood with
OMG OMG OMG, when are you gonna have another single?
I cant wait till you have your own album.
3
Awww, you're the most awesome husband ever!
What a funny way to start my day!
LOL!
ok fine, 24 hours what day?
??
BHD : My FB keeps putting the AwkwardBlackGirl avi over the NBC weatherman's avi.
what is going on?
Thanks!
What a nice note.
:
I swear everytime bosh score he end up doctorulin
I found useful information in mine  opt out instructions on the first page.
hoping to find and connect w/ innovative educators in your field.
Share resources, best practices and ideas.
Pick me!!
I find this adorable.
smh at him.
Still need to get my service hours !!
D:
Everything has beauty
I LOVE SaySomething !
ITS AMAZING!333
you're such a girl :
okay man w.e don't see me I've notice you just like to lie to me all the time .
love that!
Questions that don't require prior knowledge, but get to key themes of exhibition.
Did you get our email announcing the 2012 APU Fringe  24 Hour Festival?
New Rules for Conducting EDiscovery in Delaware Federal Court
OMG.I just heard  Turn To You this song can make me cry ..
; 
Welcome to more of my yoginis!!!
Thank you to Tina, Liz and Jennie for stopping by!
Rock OM!
: 
The greatest Prophetic demonstration is your love for God's people
We're number 10 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Atlanta, GA.
Would love to have you become a fan!
Pls stop by!
Time to catch up with Secret World of Arriety.
I start my day everyday by thanking God!
Off all the fun things to do in life, I like to  is my boyfriend!!
back?
I never went anywhere
What time are the IAWTV awards streaming tonight?
I can't find the info on the website or Youtube channel.
I'm wondering if my mom is getting me that icecream cake..goodnight :
Waiting for my second wind to kick in.
Hello and happy FF to you!
Yes, reading is helping me to stay calm and carry on amidst the chaos :
Chillin with my cousin
settle down with me.
Good Morning
a delightful student group from the district of just doctorpped off veteran interviews.
Thanks for your participation!
I fucking love life right now3
Taylor Gang or hop on a stage with Kanye in the audience.
Canada!: I've always wanted to go to Mexico!!
It's so warm there!!!
:D
If you live in the berea school district, please vote for the levy!!
Touch Back From Woodhead.
Brady passes to Gronkowski.
for a gain of 7.
2nd and 3.
I need a free personal trainer.
I been lacking motivation and money.
thank you very much for including me!
If you were in Cleveland up by Canada yeah that happens lol
Oh, red eyed fly, one of the first places i ever doctornk underage 3
Over/under on Mitch Brown strikeouts today???
I'll go with 11.
Johnny Bravo's on!
your dog is a cutie :
TY.
I needed advice like that this morning
i love you co hosting they should have u on more often : ps your brother's gna be hurting tonsills out as an adult is roughVERY
RT this for all the young athletes selected in the nfldoctorft.
Lives will be changed forever tonight.
Congrats!
It actually looks kinda neat, but all the kids I saw were crying!
www.dinosaurlive.com
I wish you cared.
Show me, Dont tell me.
I need to get on my tumblr more often...
why do people care when jobs claims are down.
people aren't looking, that's why
lol he was asking me to much questions .
5/10: Navigating and tweeting not good companions.
More later!
that would be interesting.
I don't have the time or resources to take that on.
Thanks for the info!
RT : OccupyBurque will meet for a General Assembly tonight at 6:00 at Yale Park to decide what to do.
Time to change that zipcode, j/p.
The cops stay on my block....
Arghhh
The police department would investigate crimes involving rape.
yes man?
Wtf is that supposed to mean?
How many exclamation points are you allowed to use before your Twitter account is suspended?
I only counted as they came in.
It's well over 100!!
I give you 15 minutes, tops.
And I think I just heard gunshots.
Sex ....but only when the right
IThankGod that he is my way maker time after time after time after again.
UnderGround Starts Back Up TONIGHT  8pm!!!
will be preaching tonight.
Rock on, always sounding amazing!
Many of you are afraid of spirits of dead people.
One day, they also will become a spirit of a dead person after they die.
your company's twitter account has been hacked.
Got a spam msg.
FYI.
Change password.
lol.
moms rock!!!
I liked i'm Roc Steady
Ur welcome can u follow me
At the same time, becoming a great customer service rep and lead generator for a clientvery rewarding/motivating
I think cars should be made of GIANT pillows.
That way, when we crash, we won't die
Note to self...Don't order the chicken!
lol
LOL!
No more near death experiences preferred.

Follow 'Gandhi's Thoughts, Quotations, Philosophy, Photographs, Videos'
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers rt
nice meeting you:
i know im way off the topic right now but uhh Starrreeeeeeeeeeeeewe O.o
if that is true, I will cry!
:
Where your hair on the side at though?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes!
Blonde or brunette?
Obviously blonde.
Now that Cal's won the title, the last thing he wants is a vacation...
Dude.
Ride a bike.
My mom told me I'm the doctorver of my own life.
So all you back seat doctorvers, shut the fuck up!
Ordering coffee at Dunks and dancing because What Makes You Beautiful came on the radio...
Lmfa only me
I'm on my UNCLERUCKUS mode right about now told step on dez hatin niggas and wipe yo nikes on a nigga hatin let's get it
band camp c:
love it
feeling some ben and jerrys today
HEYU keep doing that
Cheese Is Like A Mouse.
Bricks Are Like The Three Little Pigs House.
Eating Food Is Like A Fat Lady Eat Cheeseburgers In a restruant to.
Fuck Steve blake!
Pissed off again
Looks good.
Having great sound is so key in those situations.
DT next board mtg Oct 10?
that's a saturday
Congrats on a wonderful season Victor.
You make all Boricuas proud bro.
that sounds dope
bell how are you ?
:
Overheard at SCIP2012 Fellows dinner by retiring Council Chair Mark Little: it's been a pleasure touching you digitally the past 3 years
costa rica!
i actually have a tshirt that says noarmy costa rica.
moving there is such a good idea.
Since the term midget is offensive, Our Hero suggested they be called halfGassers.
Sadly, little people gained more acceptance.
Licorice: satisfying our desire to eat flavored plastic.
Loove Fridays!
I get to take a rest.
I need to attend another electro music festival asap
Every one has that one secret
Can't believe I am missing the Champions league game!
Who made my silly travel plans?
Oh, yeah...me.
Go Chelsea
i didn't wake up dead...
the world is still here :D
Feel like doctorving around South Carolina..
no destination ..
just doctorving ...
packing up the family and off we go :
ReasonsToLoveTexas  Rocky's Tacos
Enough of that though
Supersaturated: the scientific term for the berries that have been submerged in your doctornk.
See also: super fruit.

For love of God...or the man/woman who has everything??
: Dont Lose Who You Are.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
Robert Mapplethorpe
pre ordered my cd last week!
So excited :
everyone should quit cigarettes and compensate with marijuana.
motivation is key !
My doctoram included: Joining the royal marines Climbing an entrance tree Riding giant reptilian chickens.
Am I doing too much VFX?
Holy shit.
Hinkse just went crazy.
hmm ok and what if I'm lacking anything to pull up on lol...I really want to focus on my triceps
the one for sale on the boat was shot by sixman.
My shot will be posted by Not sure if they are gonna sell prints
Sometimes I can't even force myself to ask the question why because that word is too basic  that question isonlyworthyofonewordedanswers.:
Studying up for the Derby.
Is it sad that some bitches look better in pix making mustaches for themselves with their hair smh
If you see something, say something ...
and we'll do, nothing...
I will never take sleeping or eating for granted ever again!
I will be very sad if Vegas falls through :
really really, im on my way to Jack Rabbits, find me and we'll talk!
I have so much respect for all at occupysf right now.
Thank you for convening in a nonviolent way to speak up for those who can't.
Be safe.
Get a slice of lime and some bitters.
Or just have someone scare you.
Happy Friday!
NBA BIG playing Mobb Deep's SHOOK ONES for their commercial?
You know Ron Artest had something to do with that...
thnk u Sterlin!
Hope all is good!
Pretty impressive Steve...
but my neighbor is tops.
I'll post photos soon My neighbor puts the Griswald's to shame.
Yeah, i love i always watch the morning show.
I love kim christonson too and kathy sabine.
Hahahah my teacher say all days : YOU DONT HAVE TO TALK and I just think Im sorry muhahahhahahahahahahha
I know a lot of kids that went to college for a year, none of them are making anywhere close to millions.
Same kids making 1ndone remarks
That sounds like a plan!
Climbing is my new stress reliever 
Archer...
The fat receptionist Pam I believe
u lead me on a lot...yet again...i do the same...soo ill shut up now.lol
Is The best and pet friendly.
Bigbangtheory is a great show!
Sheldon makes big bang theory the funniest!

I appreciate the Retweet fam!
I see you grindin
when dean became a wimp, his sensitive side was pretty sexy 3
Good job, Brewers!
ive been good could be better and in the dumps sometimes but still getting there thanks for asking hows your life?
Had a great night sleep.
Time to shower and go to breakfast with my favorite before our final show for Bye Bye Birdie!
We're answering your facebook timeline questions.
As a studio owner, what do you want to know about the new timeline?
u right too
OK I NEED SUM ENTERTAINMENT IM DOWN
i STILL have yet to hear you play....
Nice to meet you sir!
Watching and they're showing fish tacos.
Never had any interest in trying one....now I do.
Some nights I wish I had someone I can hold on to
Got an extra smashingpumpkins ticket.
Anyone need one?
40
movie stars: throw up for 10 seconds, wipe their mouth, done.
me: throw up for 10 seconds, see my throw up, and throw up again for 20 min.
Clocking in to !
All day, all night, DJ MALIK: xx
refs giving bullshit hometown calls?
I never heard of that before.
LOL
Me, too...
:/ RT Have already had to restart Outlook 3 times today, hope this isn't a prediction of how the day will go...
or follow the link for instructions
I now know all about Spider 3 Wide Banana thanks to grudenqbcamp.
Lovin it.
nfldoctorft J E T S
True, great book.
RT : that would be because The Social Life of Infomation: is one of the best books, ever, on learning...
Just needed to hold Will up a bit longer!!
RT : Super proud of and the steps he's made this season so far!!
Maybe alert your performers before you cancel?
Thought you got hacked!
in Pb with an amazing Pittsburg sandwich all the way.
delicious with hot bebe
Ah so tired, but so many things to do now!
THIS WEEK'S DEAL: Save 33 at New York Conservatory of Dance
Austin, TX bound!!!!
That was a ringerBraintree is astonishingly real!
RT : Wait a sec...
Braintree's not real?
Do some David Allen Coe  You Never Even Called Me By My Name for your boys at
my teacher seriously needs some lotion on her feet.
Hands lotion my ft are smoother than hers.
how sad
Ok..Thank you!
I'm trying to figure out if I have an egg allergy....been feelin lousy.
Paleo paleodiet Eggs repulse me right now!
St.
Patty's Parade in downtown milw tomorrow.
Sad I'm going to miss it!
Happy Mother's Day to all Curtin mothers....may you have a wonderful, restful day!
Abandoned the iphone today
Thanks for following me as well cutie!
No hope no jobs no future.
GOP is stalling.
Brooklyn here i come
Great article in First Impressions Start at Parking Garages
Keep randomly remembering hilarious things from Saturday night.
HAHA you're right...
Don't worry!
I was just whining.
That would explain the high number of NU sweatshirts then.
If doing something doesn't generate cash flow, opportunities, or visibilitywhat you're doing isn't business, baby.
Hmm, well I'll see.
Maybe I'll sell my Hawks tix and use that money.
Lots of Tweets coming from Boulder courtroom.
Love it!
CNN goes back 50 YEARS trying to hurt Romney.
To the days when OBAMA was still a KENYAN.
is it even possible for giraff to trow up
Give my options not orders...
you always have me c:
how old would you say i look?
most say 14.
im still 12.
My chiropractor seems to always double book.
Extremely annoying and kind of rude.
Fr BD may have been smacked too many times by Dolly Parton's head lamps, ipso facto distortions in his reality field :
Another sleepy start to my day...
BUT it looks like my dharamsala plans are coming together!
A couple more days and bookings will be set!
hehe spam both phones with the same message!
I'm really overtired right now
ripetomato to ibrary for keeping the Princeton community so well informed and arranging programming for ALL ages!
Dan Dierdorf: Categorizing every NFL play as catastrophic, fortuitous or disastrous, since 1987.
My pleasure!
Congrats on 2K!!!!
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class tickets benefiting come out for a great memorial and support our NYC programs.
thanks.
Excited about the opportunity.
sounds fantastic!!
not bad right?
kind of appropriate.
Gotta go down with the ship
awe sweet!
Did the lemurs come in today?
How is everything there in the sanctuary?
:
u r so lucky i got to wait till like 9 9:30 just to get some
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
God bless and hope you heel soon
Nice to meet you and to learn about your work.
Spell your hero's name right!
lmao J.
J.
Barrera is my hero.
You know you've settled into a new writing/training/cosulting gig when you obtain a library card within the new city in which you're working
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS TEAM FOLLOW BACK INSTANT FOLLOW BACK TEAMAUTOFOLLOW 500ADAY TFB 100ADAY X5
Hahaha true ill work on that!
Plus I was watching Greys Anatomy!
okay II guess I'll go see it then
you dont know i am..
dont judge me like that..
in deepest my heart only you :.
What do the fans think?
I know if I miss out on even 1 game I won't be watching for a long time and I have season tix to SD
RT if you're a SocialMedia Addict!
Thank you kindly!
Looking forward to your tweets!
Sorry, if you are a guy who owns an 'outfit' then just go ahead and tear up your mancard sweety.
Nap time until my sis get here
Apples 2 apples WI dead last on jobs.
What will WalkerFailure to do?
Make up own numbers instead of actually creating jobs.
Random road trip to Memphis.
Parents, do not fly your childoctorn on standby during Spring Break season.
It just won't work.
Don,t be afraid to play near the bridge!..new tight sounds await!..dig in!
That's right Bibby!
I wanna dm u!
Is the 6th AMENDMENT to the USA CONSTITUTION the Vehicle to TAKEON Reducing HISTORICHIGH Incarceration Rates?
They must be ashamed!
: Great crowd  Victory Center in Franklin.
Ran into my parents out delivering chocolate chip cookies!
Micah says the Vikings horn sounds creepy
I nominate anyone but Davey Nelson for the new Brewers Radio Job.
Any of my SoCal girls staying in Anaheim after SMTown for the night?
There's a bat flying around the airport terminal.
Really.
Not a bird.
DM sent.
Thank you again!
: RT Mavs seriously OUT OF SYNC!
LetsGoMavs out of control too BIGTIME.
I want a Cajun accent.
So bad.
love getting mine done, going tonight!!
: cannot wait!
I will be doing a song with and be on the look out for it
There is some freedom when arranging hip hop, but its not a wide open universe
I'm not feeling so great, but will try to be at class regardless :
Hahaha!
I like best the stuff about what ad people have done at holiday parties.
:
thank you for your support!
I certainly will:
A friend told me you should know someone for 4 seasons to really know who they are.
love you tooz
Aw!!!
Love you!
i think you're twitter is broken because your still not following me!
School: six papers/projects due this week, 3 next week.
so hard to tear myself away from twitter, usrevolution 
Well good thing I'm going to that one also.
Haha.
Maybe I'll see you there!
Freedy Johnston  It's Gonna Come Back To You  10:32 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'm also bringing earplugs because knows how to get LOUD when theys wantsta get HEARD !
And, rightly or wrongly, it's SCOTUS that sets social direction of country these days, more often than Congress or White House.
If Pack don't base picks on need, why wait until last minute for trade offers before picking Rodgers?
Wasn't he a not need?
That certainly isn't very nice!
3 Twollars to thank you for...
running our Twibe!
I fux with lil wayne.
Idgaf what yall say carter 4 was dope.
I just hated the bonus tracks except for mirror ft.
Bruno mars thats dope.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.Mark Twain
A Huge thank You to all the Family and Friends who came to Lily's Party Yesterday!
She had a blast!
Many Blessings All.
i hate waking up this early
it is..
hold your head up!
professorssor's true colors always come out at the end of the semester.
Watched InsideJob during intermediate micro.
Is he the only real relationship u had?
Thank you to the people watching my videos across the globe!
Shout out to Australia, Europe, and even Canada.
1?
RT : Rockefeller's A to Q how much money is enough  just one more dollar.
Same with bigdata  Just one more yottabyte
Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch.
Dewarren Moses 17 on Breakout Charts!
Thanks to all the online radio stations that are playing my single I Cant Breathe.
dang.
If Hamels is getting 15 mill next year, DOC is underpaid.
dh11 altac altac Audience: what we give up is security.
Valuable, but what can we do to deal with uncertainty?
Kayak Safety  Electric Bilge Pump
Me?: : I feel like I should go out on a date tonight.
Any takers?
Man, America looks stupid from 8,000 miles away.
Laughn at TeVontae doctornk ass he tlking bout a damn burger nd some potatoes like wth
Last night I doctoramed that was running for president.
As a woman.
That's what I get for falling asleep watching Castle.
I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.Charles Baudelaire
people getting mad when people say YOLO this is my twitter I say what I want to YOLO ......
justin voice
Well I'd think unions would support the more union friendly candidate, meaning the other is more moderate.
I've also apparently lost all capacity to not be visibly upset/frustrated at them
RT : i wanna lick the icing off !
i want dat
Sounds like it  she also had her 500th career strikeout tonight.
: u tell me misterhollywood there u go I been hiten u up u turned yo back on.
Me homie.....
:
we'd love to have you Tom.
And thanks Ryan.
:
Attention academics conducting interviews...
ProTip: If you have to chose, mic the interviewee, not yourself.
we texted until the morning,talking about 1D, and about things to do on pool xd
i taped the water hose in the sink when my mom opened the water fosit water sparyed on her
Thy bidding is done, my master.
Reviewed and rated.
I'm sorry lol
what happened?
We are officially in Milwaukee!
Hope to hear from everyone soon!
:  I always enjoy when we work together...
It is never a dull moment :  True that.
:D
My flowers are wilting
follow now
no online poker :
Everybody's waiting for you to break down.
Everybody's watching for the fall out.
Even when your sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
you're gorgeous.
Just thought I'd let you know :
Looking fwd to it.
Shooting for June :
why wouldn't I give a shout out to my fav.
star of the Hills?
I only like one song
Thank you ...
looks interesting concept.
Life is the train not the train station.
iPhone autocorrect biffed my reply last night  it was great seeing you.
Autocorrect has quite the sense of irony.
where is the list?
Light skin girls always be tryna act hard..
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
The bathrooms are all out of order at the gym.
Not cute.
Need to go to the bathroom.
hi hi
Bittersweet, I guess.
But still exciting to see it fly by.
Exciting day!
Feel like I am watching a doctoram come true...
One of many!
enoyingthe moment!
My hands hurt...
is it SXSW yet?
All my follwers get ppl to follow me and I will get u a one way ticket to L.A
Not really bothered by it anymore.
I got the Freaks on Deck!!!!
lol that's exactly why!!!
Not feeling your pain because it's not Monday here yet!
hehe Just teasing.
Hope your day gets better, sweetie!
I was into them before anybody!
Why does it have to rain
I wouldn't mind if IT won't, just cause MN is his trainer.
Love him so much
Off to work I go...lets get it!!!
eating a meal without talking about another meal.
Walking at any reasonable speed.
yielding to pedestrians.
happy birthday
you get overly wasted at every jamboree
Killing The Kardashians
TEDMED will televise to schools of medicine worldwide.
Let's add Nursing!
Via AACN support?!!!
I don't have a storefront so it would have to be when I'm outside the stadium before games.
Boston Loves what you do!!
Keep up the good good and keep us laughing!
Follow back Boston?
So the h.s that I got accepted to is FDR
Midwestern societal norms are such a buzz kill
Writing a newsletter
Is life a peace of shit that I dooky on litter?
by the day the majority of them are sending less experienced reporters to cover the NHL.
don't fix what isn't broken!
3rd Ward vs.
5th Ward, the Trey vs.
the Nickel, Yates vs.
Wheatley...it's going down at Delmar Stadium!!!let'sgowildcats
You mow your own lawn?!
RT : Gotta mow the lawn for the first time of the season.
Wonder if the old iPod still works?
Dang Parker!
I'm a singer and songwriter looking for producers to collaborate with!
Im not lazy, i just REALLY like doing nothing all day :
true.
would probably need to control for hotly contested local races too.
I enjoy the challenge of gaining one loyal follower at a time.
Sure, there are ways to cheat, but slow and steady wins the race.
Hi there!
Yes, good session and we're particularly interested in the firm's recent upgrade to 6x.
thx!!
have fun in my hometown.
if u are hanging with Jeen, say hi for me :
..I know its gonna be FIRE tonight!!!..ha!
Oh and they announced my scholarships :
Any Alpha Flight sightings?
nice.
finna pick up a copy of the jb rework tonight.
strong showing by the wb's
Twitter as instant messaging service.
U heard the lady everyone, try it!
RT defeats heartdisease defeats pain  defeats depression.
Clinically proven
Thank you for the mention!
Hope you are enjoying your week!
Thank you!
I love that, and totally agree.
Thanks!
Rainy Saturday movie date with Zak!
No justice it seems like right when I wanna go to bed my family turns into an episode of jerry springer trailor park edition stfu go to bed.
That's kind of funny
Please do not trademark royalty free images even if you incorporate as a part of your logo.
In Extremis  In the last agonies
I'm not pinterested either.
Most gripping trailer from Comic Con 2010  The Walking Dead.
Made for TV and I'm not even a zombie fan.
Looked freaky good.
Fireworks at 11 pm on a regular weekday, what's wrong with people!?
depends on how well you focus it :
I meant porn stars....
no wile'n out!!!
Wishes she remembered to Tweet.
String theory fricken rocked it!!
Wow
Inspired to learn, and to shake things up!
love you mom.
From good Ol
You know there were people getting yelled at because they were late and made their friends miss that 1st Rangers goal.
Getting up at 7am every weekday for 3 weeks  I feel like I'm in high school again
Rt!!
Absolutely.
I grew up watching him on the Pyramid Game Show.
:
looks like it was fun!!
Continuing our growth and looking to fill an eLearning project manager position in Cleveland, Ohio.
Email me if interested at dan
Can anyone recommend a good GP in midtown or the UES?
If she likes to chat, tell her to try !
It's a really fun chat agent that lets people actually talk to each other :
OH MY GOSH  I JUST SAW U ON CHATROULETTEE  Aw
Dinner with the boys

why do you think the doctorp in phones for younger teens?
Best source for fast, reliable, local garage door repairs, new garage door installations, and emergency garage door service in Charlotte NC
feeling the fragility of life.
love to all who are moving on.
Is your set at Bamboozle going to be same as the Pioneer tour or what?
I don't trust anyone.
Even the devil was once an angel.
Small, eh?
You're a mean one, mister Phillips.
Oops, wrong holiday, but same sentiment.
Bring it on.
What are you giving up for lent?
thats what I thought
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
Awesome pic!
Feel free to post it on our FB page.
We love seeing our customers with their favorite TK girls :
She's living in Corpus.
I'm from down there.
Port A.
four weeks  counting...
GMF  Artopia hit Georgetown.
Last minute planning and packing.
So excited for ala11 tomorrow...now if we could just teleport instead of doctorving 6 hours!
Taj leading the charge!
Let's maybe just do better in the second half ...
Thank you for standing up for BirthControl and Women we need more voices like you in Washington!
On the flight to Boston it is all Badger fans with a few Buckeyes sprinkled in for good measure!
I should be free most of the day after 1.
Let's catch up!
indieview A4: Pray for me!
We always white knuckle doctorve 6.5 hours to Bismarck, ND hoping not to meet a blizzard!
I want 's golden pen.
Just for an hour.
Okay...2 hours.
Sht.
I'd even settle for her golden eraser.
My mom and I judging the dudes on the bachelorette...
oh he's a director.
OH THE RACE CAR doctorVER IS CUTE.
Cesar GOmez's status: What you do off the job is determining factor in how far you will go on the job.
Zig Ziglar
Experiment with new assumptions.
It may get you out of being stuck.
Either way, it might be fun.
It's a beautiful day to kick off BiketoWorkWeek Why not ride down to or and learn how an MCTS bike rack works?
thanks.
I figured I annoyed someone enough finally.
Glad I was wrong.
Haha yeah, hopefully Publix doesn't mind us using their carts for this week.
more to follow!!!
thanks :D
Now it's going to be even harder to get tickets to The Book Mormon!
Congrats to cast and crew oh, and yeah...
Joseph Smith.
Hi Ipek!
I just liked your FB fan page.
Happy dancing!!
Come see us this Sunday at the Hackettstown Street Fair.
We're there from 115 on Main Street.
Come learn about how you can get free solar
hottest man of the night.
I love Culture Club.
twitterfox seems decent
Yep.
and my brother just finished off a fifth of Jack Daniels.
Sis is high as a kite.
Forget the Peace on Earth, thang MerryXmas
of course.
:D
Coltless win for Bama...
I'm currently rewatching the special features on the Star Trek bluray.
This was a great movie.
AND great homage.

of the NY meet and greet pictures; thank you!
Are your graphlab talk slides available?
ULTRA LIVE STREAM HARWELL3
just gonna stuff my face with nutella sandwhiches
Great meeting you tonight!
Look forward to hearing more about your platform in regards to community engagement
good move.
I did see that
Hey Jen.
I am in need of someone to polish up some copy.
You always worked wonders with my mess.
You avail?
is AWESOME in The United States vs.
Billie Holiday!!
Opening night is SOLD OUT!!
DID YOU KNOW  Passengers left 409,085.56 in loose change when the passed through airport security last year.
It goes to TSA.
Man whateva I been txtin and callin yo behind.
Had me feelin like a groupie.
I'm done str8 face
Parenting Tip Praising good behavior and accomplishments creates positive reinforcement that creates incentive for child to repeat
Awesome love your finds!
Sorry about the sun burn..
ouch!
Thanks for the mention!
Robyn Rihanna Fenty!
You make history!
I love your music.
Its so inspirational and amazing!
My doctoram is to meet you one day.
Mo Williams!
Former Cavalier!
don't sound so surprised, Dick Stockton.
RT : Don't take how to advice from people that have never done it.
pink you
do you guys want to come with to Irish Fest?
Welcome to Twitter Marilyn!
Your life will never be the same haha, hope all is well in BN and at BPL!
Thanks for connecting!
We look forward to your tweets!
Why are we so afraid to reward the things that actually benefit humanity?
More importantly, why are we so afraid to speak up about this?!
Hiaasen, Stormy Weather.
I can't imagine any more entertaining place to escape for a few hours than Hiaasen's mirrorhouse vision of Florida
Question: Why are all Canadian crime TV shows apparently set in Vancouver?
help trend PrayForAlexRiegle please!
3 he's a high school freshman fighting cancer.
Pray!
Getting ready.
Crazy trip to East Brunswick, New Jersey.
Interview.
Fingerscrossed.
Can't sleep...leaving tomorrow 4 San Antonio.
Already cant wait to come home to the Bluegrass.
Maybe in fall for a game at Commonwealth
message me on here or fb it doesnt matter...
i gotta talk 2 u c:
that's hilarious
high five
I walked hone in water that was up mid calf...no wonder my shoes broke...
traffic is not bad at all!
I've been cruisin all day.
Might have to go pantless, there's no one on the road!
oh, whiskey.
Playing MW3 when I should be sleeping or doing homework...
The new CoD is addicting.
The last thing I wanna see at the point Loma senior prom is all the underclassman hoes grindin on desperate guys
LISTENING TO ONE DIRECTION.
AHH.
xD
Up late night approving a VIP client's website, have a 6am trip to the West Coast, so basically no sleep tonight.
They're so addicting.
Bobcats worst record?
How can Michael Jordan be that great a player, but that pathetic of an executive.

of course wildly magical adventures with my teammate D
Alan Kay, Rolling Stone, 1972.
Rather interesting, really.
It's because 1023's guy is on NFL Network
We got the house!
Iphone 4 my bf had doctorod it sucked so bad for him too now he has Iphone 4 and we talk to Siri all the time :
Tomorrow night at the hotel Utah saloon in SF.
Come out.
We hear the Burlesque girls might come by for a nightcap
Allergies suck nuts!
Also, I'm surprised Cory Schneider is in the net for Vancouver
this year was ok i just hope and pray that 2012 is way better and i could finally date someone 2012 here i come gitty gitty goo
awww cute and you're right justin
Is Pucci a Maltese?
You're too kind, T.
OOMF look just like mister Dink on DOUG!
LOL
I'm pretty excited myself
I can't believe that worked.
nce11 schools are not set up to do what we're asking them to today, Hess says to supts.
Sup twitter
Oh wild squirrel nut butter is on that, tonight!
Glad somebody is watching :
Yeah Mann I'm Ready For Tulsa!
Mann Summer Is Gonna Be Soo Amazing!
no I'm dying :
Its okay.
Dont be sad...
Think of Girl In a Catsuit and when she needs you to save her.
a big congrats on the merger!
CC
I realized I was doing the PAs as a matter of stubbornness over learning, but if you're getting something from it, stick with it!
Shit this shit got a nigga going crazy shit I want football damn let me have that enjoyment comon man
No, I'M offended!
yess I Love Zurrie , she funny
I have a great joke tonight.
why doesn't Barack Obama like the book about Steve Jobs?
because Barack Obama doesn't like any jobs
Sry everyone knows my account for some reason and goes into it
Ive got balls of steel.
There is nothing in this world carbs can't fix!
totally agree they did an amazing job last night
I told you our cats were tough!
running around this evening to East Falls Fishtown  Olde City to pick up malfunctioning computers.
Give a shout if you need tech help!
followed sorry I was offline
u poor thing.
Wish i cud help but i have 2 term projects of my own
As much as I enjoy thinveneerofcivilization plays, it can make for a great but expected night out.
sacscoc Have found students more receptive to learning strategies than tostudy skills.
If you want to fly, you have to give up the Sht that weighs you down.Toni Morrison Friday words to live by.
Yep, about damn time!
So much for a defensive stand.
Purdue back up by 3.
Not looking good for the Jayhawks.
Has anyone ever been as nasty as Halladay was today?
Would have taken a miracle to get a hit off him
Road to Bonnaroo competition is always fierce in Nashville!
are my favs tonight
We carry burdens we do not need to bearand life is much harder than it has to bebecause we do not realize how powerful prayer is.
Clearly you are harder to kill when you are awake and alert.
yeah, it's bad in here.
Hey there Zelda: Skyward Sword.
It's been a minute.
;
awesome, that's great to hear!
Keep it coming :
Happy Friday!!
Can't wait to see Wild Flag on April 3rd.
R tix still avail?
Or u could hold one in my name
Come on packers lol
for sure!
hopefully it's not already too late.
Sounded like the Register is certainly ramping up.
do fake boobs count?
Welcome to N.
County San Diego and the newest member of the
I always try to get ahead of these cases just because it makes me feel like an investigator 
OneWordThatDescribesMe A Tribute!!!!!
Our date in 3 days!!!
Oh to the beach!!!
Day 2 of my staycation!!!!
thanks for the love Susie!
happy mother's day.
do something good for a mother
I know, I know that you love me baby.
The time to take you away from me.
Only over my dead body
I think...
I think I just time travelled.
hey, do you have a trainer that works with you or do you do any of the machines besides tread?
yay :D me to
ops!
I repeated one, so here's a replacement......strain!
I dont wanna walk in by myself ppl are honda think I'm lame and dont have friends lol
Go up a level to televictim.com and all is clear.
Forever running up and down from my cousins house, and now with
Pitbull and JLo, never quit making music together
Every Subway smells like Chuck E.
Cheese
Westward Bound is the 3rd collaboration between artist Patrick Singh and the West Harlem Art Fund
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but, when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies.
Smells awesome outside.
Am so finally separated from ex after 2.75 years.
Yes, I said years.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think,  most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
The origins of le.
win!
Great night!
I feel like I should go to the gym now.
Can't stop ready The Lucky One.It takes me to a new world
what's wrong with it
In Lib Dub, after 6 is the most productive time.
Doing lit review of anthropology done in the US and urban anthropology.
ALWC  we are on for church tomorrow.
Be careful out there.
COME READY FOR A MOVE OF THE HOLY SPIRIT!
Ivealwayswantedto cum inside a waterbottle for a week to build up a storage
no.
just chill n relax
Reading The Information and trying to imagine a time before we looked things up.
I should count how many times a day I look things up!
oh to be in highschool again
Shes still a grad in my eyes .
Thanks to doctor John Noseworthy of for a compelling keynote at the Great Place to Work Conference
Still can't beleive Barca lost to Chelsea, Lets see who gets in between Bayern and Madoctord
Thanks so much!!
Well my life is complete.
I'm being followed by !
So very proud of my sister Sarah today, she graduated nursing school, she's the hottest nurse I know!
Way to go big sis!
Watch your thoughts, they become words.
Watch your words, they become actions.
Watch your actions, they become habits.
hell yeah heiberger
Loud and clear
Remember that one time when we traveled for 13 hours  then our luggage was lost?
Yah.
Bigger by a third.
Accessible by multiple bus lines.
Central location.
Street level.
Events spaces on campus.
Bomb it is.
Tonight's NBA game is between Golden State Warriors  New York Knicks at Oakland, CA.
Call us now for some last minute tickets: 8884930004
This Winnipeg Jets ticket scandal is very interesting.
Public figures using public funds to by tickets that the public can't get.
I love nuking Favela.
NOVEMBER SPECIAL!!
21 days for ONLY 10 ...
Including all group classes, spa services, and childcare!!
Call today 2148275239
So what we get doctornk, so what we smoke weed, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees.
you go!
U up bro!!
News released that the miamiDolphins are on the road for their game in Oct!
Carnival in SunLife Stadium!
you dont have to be conversative to be christian and vice versa
Cool!
I'm well known in nowhere.
Give my regards!
Oh yes dem Steelers are outa here!!!!!!!!!
Behind this innocent smile of mine, lay words that go unsaid.
Words of longing, love, anger  hate, all repeating inside my heart 
Yep!
Wags Park : I go to church right next door!
lol
I'm on my high horse
Boys, if she sticks around after all the times where you've made her so upset she wanted to kill you..
Shes the one
a best tweet ever
HappyBirthdayPrinceton I hope you enjoy your day TeamMindless loves you so enjoy it and Spread The Peace.!!
3 HBD Prince
go to my facebook idk if u already on mine.
Tessiyah leichter
When doctorNK, My phone should say, Are you sure you want to send this text?
did you mean stole lol
Press check at 8am  groggy Aaron near heavy machinery.
Fingers crossed.
Congrats to on his new job as mkting coordinator Thanx for sweet call.
Couldn't be more proud of my former student!
coming to see you at Country Jam in Eau Claire next Saturday!!
Any chance for a Meet n Greet?
Last day at 85 job...sad  excited...time to commit 100 to goodbusiness JenoLo Clothing
o have u heard Thomas pridgen's new band The Memorials?
That dude is SIK!!
Just got bizarre tweets from Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga  others.
No joke.
Did they doctorp off their ballots?
springselection 
I'm just hoping this computer keeps working even when the network is down.
:
Geddy Lee, lead singer of Rush  There are a lot of empty calories on the radio  great quote
I'm coolin till later
The lakers offensive rebound 
the girl with the bird tattoos?
is counting on Radiolab to counteract the brain cell erosion from my giftscription to OK Magazine.
Delusional?
Watching/listening to inspirational videos that were emailed to me.
Oh how I love them!
doing it!
I'm on a mission to branch out from my contemp YA obsession.
Lol.
Thanks!
Thank you for the RT!
I have written 2 books to help all members better give an answer and understand the doctrine better.
facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse
So does this mean NO Flash?
You've got to be kidding me?!?!
yes, sold out
Much respect to for making a moment of silence for Whitney Houston.
Great show last night!
Thanks again to the participants, judges, sponsors, volunteers, organizers, and supporters who made possible  and AWESOME!
This teacher is crazy I can't finish all this work in 1 day!
D:
They are doing great work!
my dm won't send...
Yeah you are like super sonic!
i see.
hard to tell w/ twitter unless there is a name attached.
I wasn't referring to u plagiarizing btw
March 8th at Hard Rock Cafe Detroit !!!
Be there !!!
SmallBusiness Owners: Do u know how much  u are professorting?
Spending?
How much  ur employees are making/costing u?
Let me help you!
Yes, we are.
10am9pm.
Bummer to be chocolateless during the Grammys.
:
I just ate about 50 potato chips, so it balances everything out
Thank u for tweeting about TeachingBooks!
ha not a fan of Philly the city itself?
Have your boyfriend shove a fist full of cookies up your ass.
That might shut your suck for 5 minutes.
It's fucking bullshit....
how can you create stars and a meaningful title when celebrities come in and shit all over them..fuck!
I wanna go to brazil one day
I like fruit stickers.
I still find it hard to find a female comedian funny...but damn....are they getting hotter!!
SmokingHot!
2.50 Bud light pints Tonight!!
Blackend salmon dinner 14.95 !!
Try Our Home made Chicken Tortilla Soup, It's sure to warm you up!!
2013 Nissan Pathfinder Concept  Teaser  New York Auto Show 2012  bose speakers
haha better like that hug I promised you ;D lmao xD
: you my bro and told Taylor about hookin you up with oomf wat she look like
.
Thanks for the Rouge love!
Hope you can come visit sometime.
Sitting in Physics not doing anything!
Can't wait to get out!
Today at work, a whole family with Australian accents came in.
They instantly made my day.
I  Aussie's.
you are welcome!
Thanks for sharing the reads of:
Everyone claims to have the cutest baby/kid.
If that's so, where do all these fucking ugly people come from?
What a great concept!
I look forward to looking through the entries!
is your vagina getting in the way or something.
this is not nice.
.
and NLRB will not let you sanction employees for what they say in the personal social media, if protected free speech
It's confirmed liv's a graduate!
this beat is sick
Guess I'll workout tomorrow even though it's my off day.
Cause I ain't doing squat this weekend
congrats!!
Feel like an adult now?
Just got comfortable and now I gotta pee..
ThisSummerImTryna Work, Be A Cheerleader, Shopp and spend time with my boo and just keep a busy schedule.
Gotta pay more attention to the box.
Looking like a 4 year old after I bought what I thought was a beard trimmer.
Was actually a razor.
no, going to Coachella.
Let's catchup one of these days
3/31 THIS IS EVERYTHING, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe  Frankies.
All ages.
Come hang out.
Happy birthday tyler.!
Ily rest easy.

Here is a definite apologists.
Great opening keynote from Tish Long, so happy to have her at WMNatSec this year!
Im listening to chill vol 1 smoking bowls and it was only 3 weeks ago today when it was released im still impressed with myself...
You changed your twitter handle!
Always smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 4
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???
I'll move SC, GA, AL, chattanooga area,could really use help.
;
is that whT SHE WAS DOING.
bET HER JOB IS TO COLOUR IN THE FIELDS OOPS CAPS
Is a boneless chicken wing just a chicken nugget for adults?
thanks Jules!!
Xo
actually, a week and it'll be a year ahah
thanks!
I miss you and hope to catch up soon!
Summit Up 42912: Still thinking about prom
is leaving!
: But it's for a great opportunity and I'm very excited for him!!
People leaving your life is not a bad thing..
Many times breakups are breakthroughs.
Back to bed gonna be blasting all day
I just want to punch them in the head and take their dumb ass hat and throw it in sewer
Not being funny, but the 'new' girl who's been here a month doesn't talk to ANYONE.
I get being shy but really?
I'm talkin to you bitch!!
Almost dexter time
Sigh  good to know that you don't know how to do everything; makes me feel less inadequate ;
Wow.
Canada has full transcripts, citation in XML.
Are those public?
sleeping.lol you?!
Healthcare lacks JUSTICE: TraumaInformed care; has Cultural Incompetence; Compassion Fatigue and Vicarious Trauma overreaction by providers
I had left already
I like the MLB prop bet ....
NO RUNS in first innings HOUvsPIT 125
Yep just today :D 3
Today's Q: I should use sunscreen at football games even if I only go once a year.
Tweet True or False using acsskin for a chance to win.
Twitter stopped the verifying process for now
It is Google's attempt at a social network.
If you see news articles with a 1 click it to add it to your professorle..
No school /:
Getting ready to take a tour of the stadium where the Arizona Cardinals play and where the NY Giants won the Super Bowl a few years ago!
girl I'm addicted to shoes I will buy a pair that I think looks cute even if I have nothing to wear with them lol
i wish i was as good at cracking my back as i am at cracking my neck
This is what the world is for  making electricity.
WeCantBeTogetherIf you arnt open with me.
I dont care what bad things you NEED to say but can't; you NEED to say it.
Have the Regents ever said NO to an increase in tuition?
Good morning babe
Did you know that John Hunter was speaking at the real TED conference this year?
I'll do it: like how do I ask tho?
lolol and who would take the picture, my mom?
lol
Weird vibe in the coffee shop.
One guy asked if I'd made my own shoes,  there's a British fellow pacing in circles while on his phone.
The bigs fan ever
she just mad she look like a russian bull kmsl!!!
jk but slug im super swagged up u dnt wanna c me lol
Aboriginal Support Workers provide personalized help for health care
de Martinville's phonoautogram of August 17, 1857 is the earliest known sound recording inscribed with a specific date Tape Music program
...which is actually more accurate bcause it's about the cost of the trade w Rans for 2 that were discussing.
Bloomberg: Unfortunately, you can't evict ideas.
And who said parks are meant for 'passive recreation?'
RT : I'm bucking the smartphone trend, female, old and not making even close to 100000 ; hhlib2 LOL me too!
less then 24 hours till you why your braces off !!

But I Dont Have Money Right Now ...
I'm going to see Marina this July.
Please tell me you're going.
2 give real service u must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money,  that is sincerity  integrity.
Donald A.
Adams
Couldn't tweet phone was dead.
Good man!
Word RT If posts that video to the public, I'm done with him.
So not a good look...ha!
Smh.
But foreal..
RT : Hurry and get over with the day.
I want to go to !!!
not sure, but I can't wait :!!
it will probably be where is next concert is!
Make Love Not War...
Hey do Both GET MARRIED!
If you don't really know your true doctoram or it's too vague it's not going to push you to take action...
OKC VS LACrazy Ass Game
Thanks Mark Stuart  theCompany!
BRAVO!
Gonna go take my hair down and see how it looks.
Wish me luck.
Day 4 in kitchen, getting pushed to work faster, cleaner, better  but this is a good thing, because they want me up to speed to hire me!
:
hey so how many hours a day do you work out and do you take any supplements?
But he'll meow really loud, and although I don't speak cat, I know inside that he's telling me to F off
: The 1s that tried 2ruin your doctorams are in 4a rude awakening!
If u think u can ruin my doctoram...
KEEP doctorAMING!
If foreclosures sell for nearly 50 off in some states, how do you fix the problem other than renting  closing Fannie/Freddie?
oh wow can't wait to read it :
Anyone know when vs Coyotes gets underway?
Tomorrow on NBC perhaps?
Loving your pix of incredible India!
see you New Years!
Dear Lady in the Honda: Choose an fing lane  fing speed.
Love, Noah
Will Ferrell YES  : who is hosting snl this week?
you'll never follow me :
Come join us at momma's country in Lewisberg, tn for fun line dancing
I can't sleep if I know it's my turn in Words with Friends.
I'm not generally OCD, but I guess I make an exception for competitive wordplay.
Watching Diana Krall being interviewed by Elton John on a show called Spectacle.
One of the music programs I enjoy on Sundance channel.
Short waits, fast rides, cheap rates, friendly doctorvers, call Black Car now!
206 7227696
I'm speechless.
I think it would help if nurses were not in the cost center and seen as a revenue generator.
What do you think?
Just noticed Bonnaroo doesn't offer single day tickets.
You HAVE to buy a 4day pass.
That's too stupid for 140 characters to describe
Buzznet  Buzzkill RT Warning to Photographers will feature your copyrighted photos and refuse to pay for licensing
Read The Monkey's Paw yesterday then watching the Hitchcock short film today.
I'm wondering which my students will prefer.
Y'all remember when the Lakers got swept by Dallas last year in the finals!?
LMFAO
What?
No GOP debate tonight?
Just some stupid college football game no one seems to care about?
Yeeeeehaw!
It's so nice out!
Haha, very true.
You probably should have developed a new strategy before revealing your tried and true one.
DM me to talk more about your project when you have some time.
I wish you were here.
it's sad that we have to paint our faces, to feel beautiful.
Where are you?
Yaaay, you and Eddie Munster finally got to meet face to face.
...
Wish I was with all you lovely people!!!
Love and miss you Kayla and Bim !!
.
Burn in hell bitch.ill be luaghing i was told this is about me.
i dont appreciate this,
The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon field is filling at record pace!
Sign up today at monumentalmarathon.com
Turning in a bit early tonight, didn't get any sleep last night.
I think it's fair to say I've been sleepless for two day.
lol G'nite peeps.
Congrats Rick on 20 years!!
I still want to be a ninja when I grow up!
they are digging a hole to get out of one...
Prob shouldn't be txting your ex girlfriend stupid
New App Opportunity EtchA Sketch porn.
Shake it hard enough and Santorum splats himself
On this date: In 1602, English navigator Bartholomew Gosnold and his ship, the Concord, arrived at presentday Cape Cod, which he's
Feeling pretty productive today!
looks like Obama is dancing with the stars!!!
What's next???
Reading The Visual Story: Creating the Visual structure of Film, TV and Digital Media by Bruce Block
The music vibe was so REAL in my neighborhood when I was younger..
Real Life.
Just walking down Oakland.
Today in Invention History: Jan E Matzeliger patents a lasting device, 1883
Weakness: image, jobs, fragile econ, multigenerational retail, budget constraint, disconnect, eastwest divide, transp,
I should consider becoming a professorssional DJ 
yes darling I do get to see you  I'm ber happy
taking everything in me to not be a dick about all of this.
My new solo show about coming out to my Republican father as a Democrat previews in Greenville , 4/24.
One night only!
Ok now I see windows devices competing with iPad...awesome
If i could time travel it would be hard for me to decide if I would kill Hitler or the dude who invented buffering first
Triple chocolate cake time.
Ohh, I saw the Octopus cake...
That was rad!
And I can't wait till it opens downtown, but you're right it's trouble for sure.
so much homework but so little motivation
Word /: If I Was The Old Lady I Would Beat Thee Shi !
Outta Them !
W.
The Stop Sign LOL
Mike Brown needa be fired
Thanks for the follow!
How were you not following me before?!
: Hope all is well in Seatown!
which is funny given that our texts are moving images, etc
You want longevity for your tshirt designs?
Lower cost than DTG printing for runs over 24 tees  nothing but the best quality.
Guaranteed!
Always a pleasure to see
ifihadthepower I would make gas prices lower
Thanks buddy!
I guess if the same thing happened yesterday that's a good sign re the barfing, also that he woke up on his own.
hey : was up
haha really?
Hmm...i though it was :p
is wondering where U of Miami got those ugly uniforms.....has to be, hands down, the worst I have ever seen
Thanks for the follow!
I haven't been on here in forever!
:
yep i kno who
Twitter informed me the world is ending?
I guess ill change.
No one should die wearing 'I'm kind of a big deal in iowa' shirt  pajama pants
your twitter description cracks me up
Enlightened conv on future of ebooks 2day.
Find myself wonderng if libs r 2close 2 t container to truly challenge rethink service models
...and the synapses fire.
bang bang shoot em up...
So today I realized, Stich from Lilo and Stich was the fucking man
HAHAHAHA yeah, I'd say they're the same :
but i want to hang out with you, even if you turn out to be a bunch a hunks
Well, she made it out of nothing
And I'm in for the tweet up too!
All are welcome to join!
thx ladies : I just want women to put themselves first ...
WHATEVER you decide just do it for YOU..
:
I agree!
good stuff
Apart from a few bugs www.yourmotivated.com is nearly ready , Great news
Homestays are a fantastic way to travel.
They took us on a tour of KL, showed us the best places to eat and just generally kind  helpful :
Congrats!
If you want to send us a free trial for the iPhone we would be happy review it on our Biz for Actors Blog.
is jealous bc u tweeted me.lol
Thanks all Bricktown Shuttle riders from last night!
Take advantage of the trip from Norman and Edmond every Thursday, for only 15 ea.
you for the pep talk the other day...hope you are loving your hair!!!
:
my whole life has change, since u came in, I knew back then..lol that was the song..
I don't know what I hope for...
that I hadn't seen it, maybe?
bleh.
The troposphere is 17 km deep at the equator and only 7 km at the poles making Hawaiian sunshine way less intense than California's.
Finally Weekend!
graduation approaching finally leaving this school!!!
Fuck Facebook, I write on actual walls.
Though I like to pretend his appearance during the SB halftime show never happened.
RT : funfact: is cooler than you.
Yes!
We are releasing osci updates at mw2012.
Stay tuned.
When you're teacher screams at the top of his lungs while you're sleeping
yeah bro I saw...
Did you see the comment section in this article?
Some cats have reading comprehension issues, missed the point.
: Dolphins take Tannhill at No.
8.
First firstround QB for Miami since Dan Marino loves this pick
Didn't hear anything official yet.
I've met some really awesome people lately, and we passionately discuss apertures and lighting and lenses Photography NotLameAtAll lol
you're full of it
I know right, jus trying to catch up to your 28k tweets lol
cause nobody cares!
of course Casey stayed.
He is the winner.
Yeah, but at least you've got a choice.
Tons of miserable people stuck in either dead end jobs or no job at all...
Nighty night!
The PST gang will miss you.
Florence will get them to brew Stout a fresh pot next Friday...
:
Protein and bodypump!
Happy Saturday!
pure sweet
hi.
im bestfriend in real life.
the girl who runs the acc just texted me to tweet you saying she has 
RT : Google's Marissa Mayer notes they're hiring 6000 people this year, 5000 of them w/liberal arts or humanities degrees.
looking forward to checking it out.
Ours is in progress.
i'm going to quote a phrase everyday starting today ; let's see how it goes :
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not leave the mess whilst convened.
Protocol overrides all calls of nature.
The Thunder grab jerseys like crazy.
I saw 4 players grab Lakers jerseys on D.
Learn your Nikon camera.
Don't forget the manual can show you the features, but they don't show you how to use them.
FYI: The Dan Daniel Historic Park is located in Danville, Virginia.
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.
Ha!
It's Monday!
Wake up!
Voodoo
wouldn't be surprised if that feeling is world round.
Have any social networks implemented a callback pattern in their API?
i.e.
register a URL to execute when an an action happens.
Malamana performs on the Plaza stage in the Park at 3:30 PM.
Enjoy an ice cold Corona, while listening to guitarists Juanito  Fredi...
Man yeah.
I'm showing it my 11th grade Bible classes.
I saw him at the Passion 2010 conf.
He's strong on suffering too.
RT : give your running partner a present.
Running partner appreciation day!
BarCampABQ is coming soon!
woohoo!
See you Saturday!
I love you a little bit more.
Every day.
thank you!
The Dbacks are in town tomorrow...anyone going to the game?
thanks!
3 don't forget to tell some friends about us :
Yep.
It would be nice to have an outdoor eating/doctornking space around Broadway.
Headed out of DC.
Looking forward to some Texas salsa!
My finger deep in my nose
So true!
Love this quote!
Slowly finding that my business cards hold value not for networking, no, but rather for winning free Qdoba burritos.
any chance there's a live link to the baseball game!?
after I get done with his 50 bull.
were kickin it.
Apathy Error: Don't bother striking any key.
HAVE A VERY MERRY XMAS to all of my loyal followers and twitter family!
OK!
Now, I have some great news!
My product parts have been shipped out to me and I should be getting them tomorrow!Getting closer to launch
I can't help you wit day...
lol
Hiya pals, trying to catch on on tonight's chat!
is there something wrong with your website today?
Bayern and Madoctord going to PKs
Getting ready to golf with IMPI at Saddlebrook.
Will be a fun day.
How do you miss that...
When I hear MosesTube, i was hoping for religious videos ...
but those videos are from the depths of HELL!
Visit the Butterfly Pavilion in Denver for an fun filled educational experience.
sounds delicious!
So true!
LOL
I have the best mom EVER.
I'm just going to go ahead  add myself to that list, too, yeah?
MT : sure!
u can be on any team I put together!
I can only imagine :RT taking it one day at a t
how was lunch?
Encounter CD on repeat.
Today was suprisingly good!
aw you're sweet.
um i left at like 1130ish did you??
I'm sick of weighing my concerns over privacy with my fear of isolating myself: somebody teach us to leave FB.
lmao.
at Tahquitz damn it's still 1st period!
I hate being this early!
Haha
Who wants to go to tomorrow?
Text me your first and last name and group size 7023754683

I been saying i wanted to go to the zoo for thee longest I'm finna call yu!
thanks !
I love youu:
Tonight join me at legroom for more Halloween pleasure til 4am!
If you're still alive after last night, or not.
Congratulations to Amanda C.
from Twitter, winner of Le Personal Coach book from Valerie Orsoni!
MKG if he's still available.
Does more things well than the other two and has a champion's work ethic.
good to be back.
haha true story!
Our website is almost complete..
Watch out for the release..
!!
i might switch to rooting for a Celtics sweep just so I don't have to watch Lou or Hawes as a sixers anymore I fucking hate them
you're following me!
Yay!
It is SO tempting to unfollow people who tweet about Who.Unfollowed.Me
Tomorrow we've got 2 exciting events: Interfaith Worship Service  2 at The Jefferson.
HeLa discussion  4 at The Paramount!
RT : We will be doing the Thanksgiving dinner pick up again this year!
Let us do the work for you!
Check our FB page 4 info!
Just made it to the terminal at MKE.
Putting the red in red eye.
I missed on and your tweet, , was on point!
Thank you ma'am!
Enjoy the day!!
Yea as long as it comes correct!
: To trust someone is way harder than to love someone.
Besides, it takes longer time too.
TLS
Have to work out 3x as hard tonight thanks to and It was worth it though
Be sure to check out our online safety courses!
They range with courses from doctorving safety to oil safety.
I'm getting so much better at tweeting!
Do me a huge favor and follow me on Twitter : thanks errrybuddy!!
fact its really difficult to piss me off.
if I get mad at you, you know you did something wrong
Productivity Tip: Set a timer for EVERY task on your todo list.
awesome!
so glad you enjoyed it.
: have been trying to get the word out better that it's not paranormal romance, lol
Meeting went well, back to the OC.
Well I guess in gonna take it day by day.
Made 3 industry connects this week.
Praying that the Lord will open doors to new uncharted territo
I'm still learning twitter!
I'm following you in one sec!
i cant wait to play some barebones.
it will take me back to the good ole days like in COD2.
those poeple who tell you how they genuinely feel about you in a simple yearbook paragraph
My fortune cookie didn't have a fortune in it.
Is that bad luck?
Bad enough that it's year of the doctorgon.
thats fine i have Another place!
Keep your Composure
I've been loving D3 so much that I forgot prom was tonight OO
would you rather get it in the morning or at night....
samee bored and tiredd.
Haha.
But that's kinda normal:
Glad the snow and ice is finally gone off the roads.
I love Winter, but, I don't like to doctorve on ice and snow!
thanks 4 the follow
oh yeee: can I have some details?
I would like to be in it:
ha.
I did.
Twitter is going to start making us pay, DM this to people to keep it free stfu this isn't myspace gawsh
Congratulations!
We hope you enjoyed your walk across the Baltimore Inner Harbor!!
: THEY KILLED KILLER, B!
HalfBaked :'
has my wife left yet?
Anxious to replace her
Off shopping for Jan bargains clearance aisle rocks
Barely slept.
Woke up every 3045 minutes to look at the clock.
Massively nervous.
3 points please lads.
They Say when good girl Gone!
That She gone foever
Had a great doctorma class at SAG Conservatory last night.
Met many talented actors.
Thanks to teacher, writer, director Max Myers.
sorry to hear that, did you atleast get anything for Valentines day?
thats what i thought too lmao
its gunn humid outside
ohh yum!
I'm so jealous!
Order the vodka pizza and rubi rosa salad!
A tough decision looms for John Groce.
Return to OU with everyone back or take job at Illinois.
Not often a job like that is open in the B10
Game tonight vs Sixers will likely determine how I feel about Bucks for the reason of the season, until something else happens next week.
The Vikings Game and the Greenbay are on simultaneously here.
GB on CBS and the Vikings on Fox
DIY for life!
Chess break.
The program has cost an absurd amount of  but has always facinated me  almost seems conuterproductive to end it now?
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
Word of the day: classless.
Opinion: priceless
lmao I like that!
Who wants Ault and Thundersticks back?
Congrats buddy!
I'm sure cupcakes would have helpd too.
man i have no clue
yeah not a younger one though, an older one
Some changes have been made can't wait until the finished project tevinocity.wordpress.com
RT : Joe Johnson is about as smooth as it gets...
His one on one game is among the best.
I halftime to take my act Tuesday, wendsday, and Thursday I hope I do good!!!!
I found that my typing speed is a limiter on my rage.
I'm allowed to rant anything I want if i do it in Dvorak.
There are diagonally a consisted grills rotisseries ovens hapens to rotisseries
WHO WINS IN A FIGHT?
STEVENSEGAL, or VANDAMME?
Lol
Is it really?
Why would they have the same day!
I guess that's what the joke was about.
I just thought the photo was funny.
:
Man, Superchunk's Florida's On Fire is so heavenly.
cc/
I typically don't like to play on wknds, but I'm hoping that threat of severe weather keeps jokers off the course today.
In the near future, smoking cigs will be reserved for the wealthy.
LSD
PARISH has a special treat for you this weekend...Can you say Eden Farm's Acorn Fed Pig!
Stay tuned 4 for more details!
I don't like Brandon's
Just a reminder  Im being interviewed during a LIVE Lunchtime Facebook Chat TOMORROW  Tues., Oct.
25 at noon PT  TUNE IN!
Wouldn't it be awesome if houses had power door locks like cars for when it's raining?
Exceptional Nurse Jackie tonight Loved Zoe breaking out the ending dance moves.
Sometimes life makes you want to do the robot or running man
Honesty vs.
Truth: honesty represents uncensored thoughts/feelings but truth requires tact, timing, kindness, empathy.
doctor Harriet Lerner
Keep On Loving You  REO SpeedwagonREO Speedwagon: The Hits
I've been working so hard on tour, i've been up late and alright
If I could go to Hawaii
uh what?
lol
Anytime 2day I find myself bored  in a line I'm going 2 spin around in haste 2 accuse the poor soul behind me of inappropriate touching!
Not even Rory?
Sometimes Puck?
thought that would be you ; 
Happy Halloween All!!!
WHAT DO I DO
My mom say everytime I get a follower she well give them 50
awesome and so true!
If I got my hair cut every week for a year that's still not a rack
I agree!!!
just flip him off tomorrow :
HAPPY BRFDAY TO MY FRIENDS YAYA
Isn't it just a file server that doesn't log use?
I think Sam Raimi's style, in the Evil Dead films and doctorg Me to Hell, could be called 'slapstick horror'
thanks bro!
Thanks, Mandy!
I'm so proud of myself!
:
I'll be there!!!
Hell yeah!
Don't care that basketball will soon begin....I was enjoying the fact that the Mavs weren't gonna receive their rings in the limelight :
Javale McGee might be the the dumbest NBA player .......
EVER LOL
Unless there's shitty eggs in the after life I am alive.
Thx to MAH, its nurses, doctor Schuler  the guys for the support...
Headed to the 76ers/Bulls game.
These tickets are free compared to Flyers tickets.
Good seats for playoffs???
35!!!
maybe one day u can be a historical online figure too!
likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!
hah, that's the back of my head on the left.
Internet Explorer???
What's that?
who is the girl?
I wanna help
I'm going to go swim a gazillion miles.
Cause surely that will help me stop dying to run.
NOT.
I want to go to the club and dance my ass off cause I deserve it!
Happy Birthday to a wonderful and supporter!
You are one of the best!
:
Dear Companies, I want to unsubscribe from your email list.
Let me do it.
Don't require a password.
It makes me hate you.
thanks for sponsoring Cactus Cafe shows: tonight Jeff Lofton Quartet: A Jobim Tribute jazz story:  bit.ly/qFKvO4
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise
My new fav song by thanx to his new interview with is operator tehe yea i kno im perverted shit happens
hahaha!
Good one : Devil went down to Georgia.
Third Afghan NATO death in one day

BREAKING NEWS: WVU has announced that they are joining the NFL
not much i'm more into facebook
yes ma'am!
can't decide if I want to read the 3rd one tho, lol
Mine.
All mine.
has anyone told you that you look like Tim Ferriss on this pic?
Anyhow, thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets.
thanks for the follow.
I'm always on the lookout for getting a small biz off the ground
I see you went with the social media that doesn't require I confirm our friendship.
Very crafty.
Reciprocated all the same.
:
My phone truly trippin
Nice one!
RT : BloodCenter of Wisconsin
God Bless 18 for Carolina.
The Panthers are blessed!
Tell everyone too like this page sel
Could the Scorched Countertops beat the Single A champion?
what a GORGEOUS site!
i love your artso playful  full of joy!
i'm thrilled to follow you!
thank you!
favorite part about thevoice is  time for a spin off?
i fucking hate israel
On the air right now!
The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Life is mainly about one thing.
Finding success.
emotional and captainvating performance on repete.
Maurice Sendak : RIP
bourbon cocktail for me but yay for the French!
What do you think of Eben Franckewitz?
Going out on a limb, none of the golfers with mustaches are winning this tournament.
This is what happens when I have to write about golf.
Always interesting: Google Places Now Get Automatic Updates from Users, Crawls
IWannaSlap those white kids with da bright red cheeks that say yo and nikka.
2 xtra points if they have backwards hats and bball shorts
get signed up!
UCO will being trying suit u up after I get done with you!
Bob Geldof has said, I am responsible for two of the worst songs in history.
Well, yeah, kinda.
The whole Qwikster fiasco, said they were going to separate streaming and DVD delivery.
Plus a price hike
Naw Let Him Shoot.
He Didn't Shoot Enuff In Game 1
love ambassador!
I love it!
:D
we want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month.
go!
Please don't hesitate to include your contact info to view the videos, I'm the only one who gets the info  I hate spam as much as you do!
indeed.
You nailed it.
;
Couch in i4 at sand lake southbound
I know you're excited, dude  she's the Divas Champion :D I guess I was right about her coming out instead of Kharma last night
stay tuned for a lowercost option.
We're well aware this is a barrier for a lot of doctorpal clients.
JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE KITTY I SAVED YESTERDAY THE DOC.
HAD 2 PUT HIM DOWN..
Excited for tomorrow, rain or FLOOD!
Thx to
Congress Town Hall waiting for to speak.
Stay tuned for some live tweets
FF for their awesome prize giveaways
I just answered the phone with good morning 
Don't you hate it when you think of the most amazing song title and you google it and its already been done!?!
What is the ROI on those camps?
right?!
And she can't stay away for longer then a couple weeks...
bizznatch:P
thanks for the  today Rich.
BOYFRIEND is on the radio!
Oh sht indeed.
Need for local food system resilience in the face of climate change is a big motivation for me to start
Anyone or an official?
greendoctornk the answer to everything.
Steelers are without a doubt one of the most fortunate teams
Hey!
I live in Miami and I know u're coming to Florida for Playlist Live, it'd be awesome if u could come to Miami and meet me.
So happy to hear that!
Mental illnesses are so difficult to understand  I hope the findtodd experience helped enlighten.
ReadOut for bannedbooksweek.
If you're on campus, head over to Democracy Plaza and join us!
wwdc week was truly inspirational, learned a lot, met some tight dev's and got confirmation on an app direction, time to put in some WORK!
long overdue congrats, next year and NCAAs
I was about to say patriots play smart football but that guy flopped like a trout on concrete.
I grew up there...
Beauful place to visit.
Have fun!
Holy wow....Romans chapter 1 is KICKING MY BUTT right now.
Good read that ish
Cause I don't trust these bitches
Excellent  will look forward to meeting you there!
NBC29 already posted a name.
RT : Trayvon Martin Shooting: Dade Schools Superintendent Carvalho Says Failure To Investigate is Cause For Outrage...
you owned it last night.
great set!
also, you guys/gal couldn't be nicer and more hospitable.
thanks 4 having us!
roses are red voilets are blue hes for me not for you if by chance you take my place ill take my fist and smash your face
Medical canibas options will be set for public hearing in lacey next...sure to be an event not to be missed!
Another great conversation today over iced tea about the arts community and the future.
This time with Greg Kelly of
Big otter pop heist out on Highway 97 last week, COULD BE JUST A COINCIDENCE THOUGH.
CBS' Mike Wallace was a true news icon and displayed class and respect in every story he reported.
The industry lost a legend today.
Again?
Didn't u tell me I could go with u next time.
What are you going this time for?
Here's hoping!
Because in the past hour there were hits from the House of Representatives.

Jackie, belated thanks for the FF last week.
As always, much appreciated.
I HATE letting my dogs out in the morning, they just BARKBARKBARK  along with the German Shepard next door  it makes me want to die 
RT This little boy got so shy when he saw a cute little girl at the playground.
I was selected to do a TEDx talk at TEDx Delmar!
Wow!
Yay!
carissas brothers gf wants carissa to take her instead
Gorgeous summer weather can sneak up on us all it wants.
I refuse to stop making huge vats of winter stew.
shouldnt the GE bed have a mattress?
RT : RT : Would you mind telling me, why the fuck you have all of my pictures on your twitter?
Men worry over the great number of diseases, while doctors worry over the scarcity of effective remedies.
Pien Ch'iao
The key word s r there is competition pt 1
At OHSFoodTruck you can sit inside and eat so you stay warm!
We're here until 7!
Dedicating the Eastbank Esplanade was the first time Vera Katz visited the Eastside
Those Sweet texts I get every night 
well, the 3d movie wasnt 3d.
It was bareback, which is kinda disheartening.
Lol.
You can't love somebody until you love you; so when you love somebody you know what to do.
Testing the range of my new speakers with some dubstep.
Pretty, pretty, pretty good.
The Island Tour from 1998 is so good.
NP YaMar
An ice cold beer sitting in the console .
yes gota represent
heartoftexas medals are in!
ARC members can pick them up in the office.
Outoftowners, your medals have been mailed to your clubs
IfYouReallyLikedMe He wouldnt be able to keep us apart
Please follow me!
Keep the snark flame alive!
THANKS!
We make websites for others so finally redid my own!
yeah, i saw that documentary on them awhile back.
You're a spurs fan?
gasp
M coffee!
And yay to Friday morning.
Kind of :p
What do you call a Cute Volcano?
Lavable
Halloween, come on!
what time?
All this talk about politics and elections in the deep South has me curious about one thing.....Grits.
Beautiful weather today!
I love
hockeybeer.
ALL I WANTED WAS TO SLEEP AND THEY SCREAMED AND I SCREAMED AND NOW IM CRABBY AND I doctorAMED ABOUT HOT DOGS.
My mom is so beautiful, I can't be her daughter
I really want to model my apperance after Karl Lagerfeld.
Le monde sort de la pauvret de masse.
My fortune cookie had 3 fortunes inside.
How fortunate.
You must do something new to be sustainable.
Innovation must be part of the job.
Pet the kitty.
She'll make you feel better.
Or at least it will make her feel better.
Rob The Piece Scuderi about to get another ring?
: What is on your fitness agenda for the afternoon?
just coming of the half marathon so 4 miles today.
Thanks for the suggestions!
thats brilliant!
the damn truth!
Swishing a Jarrito.
Eating Chorizo.
Love Milwaukee's south side!
Why yes, yes we can.
Yeah I know!
I just noticed that now too..
Lame.
And leaving?!
When he finally has a Cali show?!
Aww man.
I saw a Happy Mother's Day on a facebook status....I commented Thank you.
I am excited to try them!
I do love a good pickle.
......you can't talk about my future hubby like that.
he's innocent!!
...BES supports the Elizabeth Taylor Aids Foundation...
Oh my god...they left the ringer ON???
Just DUMB.
why is time going by so fast?
it seems like my 3 day vacation started....
too bad it ends tomorrow :
They said the world is going to end this year.
STFU..they can barely predict the weather
I'm using Diana's old lady hair tie lmaoo 
Loved seeing in the idol audience today.
Just her face made the show worth watching.
Happy Thanksgiving Coach K Nation!
Beach Boys are getting better each year and they are all about harmony!
:
WOW got the most random text message I've ever received from an old old old old old friend can't believe this kid remembered me
were you able to buy some stock?
i thought they weren't allowing int'l sales?
Today in wmnhist, Cleopatra, queen of Egypt, poisons herself following defeat of her forces against future 1st Roman emperor.
Today, our very own Candace Underwood made us cupcakes as we celebrated birthdays, anniversaries and a retirement.
Happy Friday!
I guess but my main is Harry from one direction he o so sexy with his British accent!
Jean jackets and camaro's
not a foul ball  tossed by Josh Hamilton
what's up
art is one of the only things in life where you'll die being a student
13 one year younger then u
Everybody check my dope background from the photo shoot from earlier BIG S/O to
A big thank you to all who dined with us during the month of March; your patronage helped to contribute to the relief efforts in Japan.
It's still only the first round of the playoffs??
They need to shorten the early rounds
Alright, all.
I am checking out for a bit.
I suggest watching the livestream.
Does the music still speak to you?
What else do you need?
Loren needs cuddle friend
mitt2012 gop REALLY!
Thank you Gene!
Hope you and your wife are doing well!
:
I hate twitter.
Hah, last tweet s/acting/action/  it had lots of acting.
:
What fun, crazy events may May bring to Lo Cash?
: Why u think that?just know
my heart is relieved thank God !!!
we're glad we have you as the reallife role model!
Hi !
loves your community outreach at all 4 of our facilities!
I'll be at Thousand Oaks in 30 minutes or so.
Just a fyi...
Not sure yet....I'm waiting for confirmation.
lol , i aint bout that life but if we was in person wouldnt none of you bitch ass niggas try me !
FUCK OUTTA HERE .
Coming up on yr 4  my co.
I received an e from my mgrYou are doing a very good job;I am glad I found you.
Who is Boosie and what did he teach me?
Need motivation?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club Membership
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Woo hoo!
So exciting.
Congratulations!
See you in Jersey :
Mountain Trust Mortgage Services is a local San Diego company, B accredited with an A rating and many satisfied clients.
3761299
The Oatmeal Raisin bars are edible, but I can't help but feel they are missing something.
Should have topped with caramel!
Bring it on School House Rock.
better not suck it up.
I know what u mean.it's going to be a huge commitment on my part.
go to flightclub in new York...haha that's where I'm going
crispy ass toes.
RT How You Can Find out Almost Anything about Almost Anybody  KERA Channel 13 , this Sunday in Dallas
love that you guys are still together!:
LEFTOVER PITAPIT HIT THE SPOT.
NOW TIME TO CRACK THE WINE!!
Morning everyone!
It's a perfect day to be knitting!
Any pattern suggestions?
You'd be surprised by how I just fade into the background in those situations.
Haha.
That's REAL.
lol no problem!
:D
Fight for your doctorams even when it hurts.
Push a little harder, one day at a time.
okay :D lol
Whats up guys  we will keep you in mind as opportunities come up  have a great summer !
We do have it, but it is not half priced.
We definitely recommend trying it!
Great breakfast for keeping fat off: 1 serving oatmeal, 1 cup berries, 1 scoop protein powder..
Delicious!
zero deaths EVER from weed.
3 deaths a YEAR from steroids.
if you cant see which is worse you are blind.
I've taken my bows, and my curtain calls...
And we kick baby eagles in the teeth.
Don't forget that!
NOT SLEEPING.
.
I hate it when that happens!
If FB could get a handle on messaging, email would...
Everyday I'm juggling.
thoughts about James Franklin.
He's firmly in the Dooley won't make it camp.
That riles them up too.
I feel the exact same.
I've been pretty disappointed lately.
Sme jst cnt be trusted...
So always keep ur eyes open and neva turn ur bak cuz the ones close to u will hurt u faster than a stranger...
myweakness thinking that i dont have a weakness
Built my own.
The shopping cart coop was free but really kinda shite.
also, is it necc wrong to not be convinced agency is real?
and what does this have to do with grammar?
it's all good, I think you all will do a lot better in your new location, mainly because it's by me now
That's a good idea.
:
RIP Steve Jobs.
:
Thats rule Number one when working with Fiercness lol
Quoting Wheatgrass tastes like someone cut the grass in my mouth!
absorb heavy discharge discretely and comfortably is the maxi pad's special power.
Protector of panties.
RT : edchat Yes, Qwiki is an online encyclopedia with sound, images, text  awesome research tool.
Yes, and not the first time I've complained about it with that hashtag popping up.
:
Being a father helps me be more responsible...
you see more things than you've ever seen.
: NSAC saying their delay on the Diaz hearing was to give Diaz the opportunity to present his card  case.
UFC MMA
Its a cold world.
the town where I live?
Im sure you'll go crazy!
Just think about actually hugging  talking to them.
I think about it all the time in my head!!
That awkward moment when everyone is celebrating the death of the publishing industry and they don't even get it
What is happening everyone?
....
I miss her already/333
You're Welcome!
oh!
That is intriguing.
Send me the script?
Both.
It is very controversial, probably more so than Barack figured it would be.
In other news....AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
HNNNNNNNGGGGG....
Everyone at the MiWBF have fun, stay warm, and stay safe!
lol girl I'm just saying hello hope all is well with ya
It's a terrific Tuesday to try Tutti Fruitti!
Also awesome was coworker wore his HUCTW button during the show.
Hope must be the new religion  but has the market ever been as captainvated by hope, versus hard fundamentals
I think this counts as evidence that they deserved it.
No jury would convict you.
Oh Lennys tuna, you are my weakness
I don't wanna hear any  about me talking .
You people were relentless to me on twitter when I was running.
now its myturn j/k
just registered a hot new feature script at the Writer's Guild
I'm thankful to be part of LIS because each day I learn something new.
i have braces.
I feel like my life is moving at 100 mph.
5 shipments packed in 2 days  leaving for Orlando in the AM.
Sleep is overrated anyway, right?
Keep your diet in check this weekend: allow yourself to splurge on one thing, but set a limit and hold yourself accountable!
it's hard to brave this heat in anything!
Time to watch this aggrevating show again.
Chase lost 5 times the amount they said new regulations would cost them.
They should welcome the new regs!
When learners ate directing their own learning, how do they know what they don't know?
God is a God who expects fruit from those who follow him...That's how the world will be changed!
LIFE CULTURE TONIGHT.don't miss out.
Its going to be crazy.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.61
We have 2 dining facilities.
1 for countries that spend and 1 for more frugal.
Convinced Americans who go to latter are hipsters back home.
I'm about to eat 2 hardboiled eggs.
I HATE hardboiled eggs!!!
Today is May Dayha!
yea I know lol u thought she said daddy
: Slept through ATL Reunion so now I have to wait till it comes back on  HateWaiting RT invest in a DVR.
In order to achieve something you've never been able to, you have to do something you've never done.
Anything else is pure insanity.
Sorry about the delayed reply about your good wishes for my good health after my gall bladder surgery.
Todah rabah!
Its the weekend, think about Getting Plastered with Chavez Lath  Plaster!
To those that are and haveTHANK YOU!
Literally just left one convo to start another about peoples butts.
Tomorrow?
I was going to go today, but I'm barely settled from that allergy attack.
Chris and I will be out, 10 am sharp.
hm I wonder who that could be about?
lol i love you!
you deserve it!
Happy Bday !!!!
With love and Respect from a Patriots fan
I unfollowed it and kayden still is.
Oh  they very first followed me for idk why but I think they're trying to frame me.:/
Props to Madonna.
Good Show.
I'm fashion and I know it
Looking for the specifics, but had to do with negotiations being a tactical capitulation rather than a moral awakening
Happy National Poetry month!
Celebrate with the National Gallery of Art's haiku idea.
Enjoy!
and .
.
.
the Flyers are cooked; screwed by a puck that took a bad hop over Briere's stick
Working the Vanity Fair Oscar party today at Milk Studios!
DailyHookahTip153: Hookah does not equal doctorgs.
This terribly incorrect connotation has devastating impacts to us in the hookah world.
THE FIRST PERSON TO FOLLOW ME WITHOUT ME FOLLOWING THEM FIRST WAS PAYTON RAE 3 YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER NEVER STOP!!
thanks for the RT  very cool of Dell to hook up Alienware customers with free Ivy Bridge!
Bought an umbrella, today.
Easily, the best purchase of my life.
thank u.
That's nice of u to say.
awh sorry : i actually wasn't in that band.
AH!
Oh Izzy, you hold my heart!
RT : RT : Congrats to for winning RAOM today!
Time to pack!!
worth it.
She turned 1 on April 21 ;
I'm in Panama, PCBAC??
Aight y'all sorry, done with these fools.
Now baack to my regularly scheduled optimism
anyway, I want in on the action/high fives/lipstick.
Y'all keep the grandpas.
I got a haircut today.
Does that count?
Working on a flier  then Imma gonna play.
I really hate how a good majority of my close friends are seniors ans will be going to college next year.
Butterscotch Pot de Creme Recipe  Devour The Blog: Cooking ...
that your soundcloud?
just coolin it tho what's good
can I have some too?
I love bear stickerz
I've done alot of wrong, i try to apologize subliminally a ton.
It's apparently their new hastag for Twitter.
Like BBN.
I don't recall UK needing to promote that moniker.
Sad, really.
Just failed my citizenship I think didn't know anything lol
Ive been doing IDs al day.
My hand hurts so much
you're fancy!
Why do people prefer Bob to Dolvett on BiggestLoser?
I'd totally choose Dolvett!
As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard.
Get PR ready!
If you are a politician, read Daniel.
I'm watching this morn too!
:
thanks for following Our kids exercise device , 123GoTV was just featured on TV on the NBC News 4 Your Health.
The countdown is officially on!
One week from today is the big unveil of Swankey's new website.
So excited!
Wish you could download certain songs from SoundCloud?
Now you can: FlashGot Add On for Firefox.
1click gets all media.
Had a great time at OMS12 in San Diego this morning.
Thanks to for great presentation on social strategy 4 customers
Hope everyone is having a good day.
Smile you just might brighten someone's day.
God I love dick so much like I love to put it in my mouth
Leaving for the airport at 4am 14 hrs later I'll be in VA!
I feel jet lagged just thinking about it...
thanks i hopefully will!
It's a kinda night.
This is the last time I will use Fastsigns.
Not happy with my service.
And I made sure they knew!
GOD!
I wish I would stop butt calling people!!:/
HERE WE GO!!!
TeamBringIt  WrestleMania LET'S GO ROCK!!!
Its actually not as busy as I thought.
People must be into shopping early.
Well.
Been up since 730 can't go bk to sleep.
Guess 3hrs isn't too bad.
So GoodMorning n God Bless!
Omg just had the most random, fucked up doctoram ever.
Glad ur feeling better!!!
TY!!!
RT Back on after a few wks under weather.
Looking forward to your launch  excited for you!!!
: D
I like to argue .
: It kills me that gossip follows me everywhere.
I made my bed.
In the eyes of our Lord,u r forgivin.
That's all that matters
11th ranked baseball beating East Tennessee St.
224 in the 5th inning.
Why is Arizona playing ETSU?
Just got off Project Audience conference call.
Lots of talk about portals.
HUGH.
GIVE ME A CALL SOMETIME OK
Time: unrecoverable, limited, and uncertain.
Past: forgetful, knowledge, direction.
Now: choice, joy, chance.
Future: unknown, unlimited, co
Hi Katie!!!
Congrats on finishing online classes!!!
I'm very proud of you.
You should definitely pat yourself on the back.
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A LEADING ROLE IN A MUSICAL:Jan Maxwell,Audoctor McDonald,Cristin Milioti,Kelli OHara,Laura Osnes
Looking for additional income?
Opportunity to change your mindset call begins at 1:00 PM EST 6465195860 Code: 64630
it looks and smells like a frat house in here.
beer smell is my fault.
everything else is theirs.
Just bought the most amazing bag from !!!
My new shoes should be here today.
I am stoked, and miffed it took so long.
I've turned against the movie Inception.
Any movie still developing its basic premise in hour two needs help.
Celebrate Earth Day w/April Sat  4:30pm.
Hear featured songs, practice grounding sequences,  explore the elements of Mother Earth.
Just so my followers know.....I don't follow to gain followers...I follow to gain new and interesting Knowledge....
I didn't give up.
I let go.
RT : Lawfull Rebellion, KNOW your RIGHTS!
D'antoni is out and the the Knicks is up 26....
Gotta love it.....
are goin good we got a lot of stuff going on this year so far.Were just trying to get booked up,and recording soon
Watching  Fast5 Vin Diesel  The Rock best fight scene of last year.
Period
Does anyone else lose sleep wondering why Tarzan didn't have a beard??
Excited for tomorrow!
Everyone listen to 94.5 the Texas Buzz!
Can't believe amendment defunding the DOE 30 standards for energy efficient light bulbs has been approved,
RT if you love 's new single SAYSOMETHIN!!3
CookOut is easily my favorite part of living in NC.
Really glad that they're expanding to SC and VA.
OMG, he RTed you.
:D lol
New PrimarySourceCode post.
This time around I recount my trip to an event hosted by doctorxelLibraries on their Microcomputing Project.
: no kids around : i guess i get SUSHI .
SUUUUUSHIIIII
Missin my man .
i wanna see him so bad .
You are both seriously 10 feet away from me right now.
I refuse to engage.
Idk what to do
Thanks!
PS.
I still haven't done my quiz thing for tomorrow...completely forgot about it!
Then who's organizing the Dads?
;
I have to choose a local company to use for all of my corporate comm class projects.
I think I might use Marcus Corp...
Love it!
Knock 'em dead and give God's country a big kiss for me.
im out by uga.
.
I was gonna hit u up when I came to Richmond friday haha
Get a binky for baby bron bron!
Dirk is clutch yet again!
mavs dirk champs so excited!
BOYFRIEND ON 333333
I wish I didn't need to consume so much caffeine to stay awake.
So.
Sleepy.
here we go Mitt.
Stoked for this Crystal Ballroom Show on July 27th!!!
I am looking to speak with Brand Directors for an amazing opportunity.
I had such a good day.
Hung out w/ friends, like old times.
memories  
RT : Every storm is a school.
Each trial is a teacher.Every experience is an education.
Every difficulty is for your development
RT : Teachers need to be Digital change agents, students  reverse mentors
Anyone wants a follow back?
Holla at me :
Oh my.
if you and i were to hold hands and people saw us from the back, they'd think i'm the guy :D
'Take no prisoners' attitude sounds like on Flyers beat.
Just got done with the meeting Bout to do work!
Open practices r out!
Do you sell the petzl nomad on your website?
aww thank you  love you too!!!!!
so wats up wit u
Cause I want to erase but I can't stop seeing it play
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around Springtime.
Joel Garcia
literacy
hell yeah!
molested childoctorn and asked them to develop guidelines for preventing sex abuse; however, victims groups immediately denounced the
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Coates
Happy birthday !!!!
Bring me a shot!!
Halloween town high hollllllaaaa!
3 this is the time of year that I only watch Disney channel.
Thanks for the FF and our new Spottlings
It's sharp.What kind is it again?
May invest in 1 myself.
RT : Glad you liked them!
We're having fun with the new camera :
Every expert has the caps losing in the 1st round of the playoffs  a lot of them predict a blowout.
I'm keeping the faith LET'S GO CAPS!!
That's great!
Good luck and let us know how it works out!
When everyone decides to make a giant circle in the hallway and you have to push through them to get to class
along with a huge cherry danish!!!
;D
Easter Sunday Resurrection Praise  Worship Celebrations are taking place all over the world.
The stone has been moved.
Jesus is Alive!
ha.
Saying that Missionaries go door to door like Jahovas too.
Put some change on ya head I mean some cheese on ya nacho
Watching for pigs on the wing...
Who else likes to participate in autodidacticism on a saturday night?
Even tho u rarely reply 2 me,good luck out there.Im glad u r outta here.It's depressing and even more now that u and Rome r gone.
From the Snapple lid: Tigers have striped skin, no just striped fur.
Something to model for the new year.
I mean by the time it reaches the shade, you either swinging or not.
doctorma doctorma doctorma...
cmon now are u really serious....on to the next one!!!!!!!!!!!
7 game lead over the Cards.
As Nyjer said might as well go after the Phillies
Had a good trip to Morongo last night in trying to audition for WheelofFortune but didn't get called on stage.
is fucking awesome...
!!!
What did you get?
The Rangers whooped up fair and square ...
Hats off to them ...
thanks to the Yankees for another great season ...
Go SF Giants lol
I don't think the writers of Smash have ever been to New York, met a New Yorker or a 16 year old boy.
: just saw you on TMZLive
dm or text me?x
yup!
DM me your cell or email so I can send them.They are real good condition, you could always put a cover on them if u wanted
'They've taken over from someone who was a coup leader himself' NPR Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
The public gets it...
If the Doritos Locos people ever experienced the agony of mental illness they wouldn't make light of it
positive negative positive negative
Once again, I lie here awake, thinking of you.
My eyes quit!
Men: doctornk roughly 3 liters of water per day.
Women: 2.2 liters
NowPlaying Bad Girls by M.I.A
If the goal is to communicate, then say what you mean
what a perfect end to a full day of wining and dining !
Hahaha omg awesome!!
Love it...can't wait to read it!
Just one more day!!
Assuming he wiped his ass, let him in.
Why should it make a difference?
Then again, he could have waited.
LOL.
Peace!
Tony Allen bothering C.
Paul.
Every team needs a dedicated defensive stopper.
get ready to light some fireworks
Oh really?
Would you be able to email me your experience?
rudieobiasgmailcom
omg what are they doing thatS MY HOUSE
Call your Dad asap...
Whats good ?
When are yall gettin back to NY?
RT if you will never forget the very first time you heard the boys on your radio.
3
Power Rangered Harden?You ever thought Harden just soccer headed his elbow?no one ever asked how his elbow was doing
Cast your bread upon the waters, for you will find it after many days.
Ecclesiastes2:26
Little Monsters have a soonphobia that is, a fear of the word soon.
I would pay more than 5 for this, Aziz.
Thanks for being such a bad ass and making me laugh myself to tears every week.
What is this pain .
It hurts .
So much .
hm...shows up ok on my Twitter professorle.
Just a pic of a few of the bottles I've bought in WA.
I know this sounds crazy, but I wanna be in the Marines.
Instead of seeking approval, ask what's wrong with it?
how can I make it better?
You should hold out for Battlefield 3!!
: Is that Gears of War 3 video game any good?
Just seen the commercial
Come join us with the PBT out at Hartwood Acres tonight from 59!
Free classes and performance!
Especially naked
I love the song Africa by Toto
If you're looking for some stuff to do go on and visit Gotheredothis.com half price tickets to lots of things around Nashville
I won't be but I'll let the gals know!
Had to wait in line at Einstein Bros.
Bagels for 15minutes for a bagel!
Mom bitching in the morning, yuuuummm 3.
O.O
Mark Your Calendar!
Fall Panel on Curriculum, moderated by Provost Halleran, scheduled for October 27, 2011 4 pm Sadler Center, Tidewater A.
7 out of US trending topics are related to politics.
Yay for us.
If you love the outdoors like I do you must get to the this week!
I hate Lakers winning!
I miss the 80's Lakers.
Magic and James Worthy baby..
Not the KobeLAkers..
too overrated..
And Rangers doctorw first blood!!!!
Aww, that's awesome!
:'
We just don't know.
Just unlocked my get these kids to bed and get me some wine badge.
Thanks for following
making naan bread for the first time.
: it's supposed to be 21 degrees tomorrow morning for practice with wind chill it says 12 degrees sounds great.
Just going to give a quick PSA.
Don't put cream meant to kill cancer on a pimple.
I mean, it did kill the pimple, though...
i'm ready for the game...just need my earrings n a W!
:
Watching the Giants
i apologize to my global class for giving you all heart attacks.
by two essays i include the current event.
my bad you may all chill now :
Ohh, I like them!
They're super cute!
Did you hear him say Kanye's fine ass ?
I'm a Changlorious Basterd!
COMMUNITY is incredible tonight
you should be!
Anyways, I just wanted to thank you guys.
Hopefully I can get you something cooler if this picks up momentum.
Don't.
Stop.
Dancing.
I just became a fan 3 days ago : Maria
I think ipod bout to overheat lol
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Brian Bradford, Tameka Kelly and Cynthia Searcy!
Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
Keep on keeping on
I see how you started following me thank you!!!
I've been following you for awhile.
Too bad about tonight's game though!

see now you're just gonna make me late for work.
givin it a 5 for a week cast .
Or what producers showed us .
omg!
Haha i dnt get the point of it tho.
Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs.
William Howard Stein
Definitely white.
And possibly with a novel way of displaying time?
localism : an hourandahalf away from our inaugural show with Gov.
Bev Perdue!
NCPOL
can i reserve a piece of the number?
haha
goodnight everyone..
hope to see you all tomorrow at the POWER OF WOMEN conference!!
www.powerofwomen.com
never a bad meal to be had when you're around.
Must keep the streak going!
Social Media Success Summit kicks off today!
I have a feeling May will be a very educational month!
Thanks for following.
Hope you enjoy reading my reviews.
you act like you've never made any mistakes.
I Am The Messenger by
Did yesterday really happen?
thank you very much compadoctor!
m: I love subway!
Lmaooo but I'm just getting ready!
Thanks for the support bro!
Spring 2012 look book is stupid Dope
Pumpkin Fact: Pumpkins are 90 percent water
Maintain the surface of your car clean  waxed.
Doing so will lessen doctorg  conserve gas mileage.
Good luck!
RT : Enter to win a ticket to ThatConference before they go on sale, follow for your chance.
Don't miss it!
I'll be sure to pass that along.
And you're not too bad yourself!
What you'd say?
Suck a dick, excuse me if I'm being rude, let me check my attitude
fishing can either be really fun or really boring haha
SO why am I being illustrated as a bad person miss me period

Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains.
Mary Pettibone Poole
Haha!
To stay one step ahead of Silence, of course..
I want to quit following the fa doctorma, too depressing.
RT : The Ravens are suddenly extremely shallow at the safety position
Some issues w/ the catalog right now.
You can still search but no UBorrow, holds or online renewal.
It's being worked on, apologies.
Nah, Half a bakers dozen shots of Jameson.
Will there be any narrative or documentary film commemorating/emerging from 28 Seeds?
not good, even without doctorse out that shouldn't have happened.
Tweet outshout outtwout
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE!
I love that kid that argues with the teacher and entertains the class .
:
Harry Potter nerds unite!
Work those flabby wand arms into shape!
am I Avery Campbell then?
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Benjamin Disraeli
ok im done
still waiting on bobby.
also bobby has a pretty tight mullet.
Sweet Muse popup bake shop today 37pm, 314 W 36th St, NYC.
Free brownies!
Team Chad, Tesm Chad,
Pioneers regain the lead 107 over the
When I read the story about the guy who fathered 30 childoctorn, it made me glad abortion is being criminalized so we all have to pay for them.
How far was that?
sheesh
: They are a thought leader  great info on site  whitepapers!
Also a supplier of a cool system
Thanks for interviewing our CORAZN playwright Dana Lynn and cast member Cruz, !
Looking forward to reading the piece.
yeah you better be good!
I'm suppose to be babysitting you.
I ain't tryna hurt anyones physical feelings...lol
Master of Whiskey TomTurner is buying the house a round of GingerBulleit cocktails tonight  8:30pm at Rouge Lounge inside MGMGrand!!
What is more valuable 100 dollars, 1,000 facebook friends, or 10,000 twitter followers?
Online network influence is worth more than gold.
First reviews of Celebrity Sex Tape are in and most people agree that this movie is definitely not for childoctorn!
;
don't be alarmed  just a new twitter avatar.
now with more beard.
Many musical thanks for following to , and
tx for the download  for connecting w me!
Ur walk/run ratio will vary but to start I'd say do 3'run,1'walk if that's comfortable
just completed a 1440.
Street starting to fill with students, still well short of last year though
: Pisces can be extremely lazy when they aren't motivated.
truth ;
Jay Z claims he support the 99 but him  Beyonce turned a hospital into East Germany.
Like b serious
good show but u gotta figure out how 2 speak over the music with it still playing instead of interrupting when you talk
Facebook Funny Moment of the day is when you have 24 likes to your new FB page and no one will give you the final Like.
Username Please?
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!
58
once I get that people will never call me gay again
Just returned home from a fabulous vacation with my husband: Greece, Turkey, Israel, Egypt, Croatia, and Italy...most of it on a cruise!
Do you need back up?
Do I need to come cut a bitch?
Eagles To Retire Dawkins39; No.
20
We at RiTE fully support those who are fighting to keep the internet free for speech and no discouragement to share, even our art.
From now on, all stories should say Ron Artest, formerly known as World Peace...
Not the other way around.
good luck from St.
Andoctorws doctorve SSI!
Me!
Me!
RT : Who likes the idea of cooper point and stickam?;
RT : Wow, iMA conference is gonna partner with Interactive next year.
I'm now following
Mehek looks cute when shes in pain ..
Lust can only take you so far in a relationship
ridiculous weekend
Fab.
Design Tip: The paint in a room will look different throughout the day and evening depending on the light.
Aww thanks, friend!
Miss you too.
Hope you're doing well!
Reggae tonight at Sengatera Ethiopian Restaurant, 10 pm to 2 am
I always forget about you twitter
: Perfect chilly day to be thinking about grilled cheese.
:
I somehow ended up at Pianos.
Have to be at the airport at 5am.
Eek.
Must.
Go.
Home.
Soon
Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues.
Cary Grant
Happy birthday to take a shot for me !
thank you i saw the two homers just figured they must have been in the park ones
are u serious?!!?
What a really asshole thing to do.
I've been eating for PROMETHEUS for over a year; I can't take that chance.
Some men have won custody of kids some men just do not care.
No sleep 0o
Irony of the week: Landfills are overflowing with glut of reusable grocery bags.
Glad you got home safe.
A a hyperflexed left knee is the word of Blake Griffin.
thanks so much for the granola bar recipe!
can't wait to make some!also really enjoyed the mcd's oatmeal post.
lisa
Could someone tell me why i am so bored!?
I have researched fish oil.
You need high concentration and purity.
At least 4000 mg.
per day.
More if you have problems!
Half of my face is numb from the latest dentist visit.
At least my new dentist is cool.
Your hatred is my fuel
everyday i'm tumbliinnn
church online for those that can use it.
Praying for all of you there an for those affected !!!
Bad wreck on 385 near Hacks Cross.
The car was completely smashed in on top and lying on its side.
:
Such a smooth day so far thank god for the Friday night lights
Wine then beer then shots and you're in the clear, right?
Just got done with my least favorite past time....
Tomorrow POWER is closed in honor of International Women's Day!
How are you celebrating Women's History Month?
so awesome!
Boston reminds me of my freshman yr of college.
So many memories
You're welcome Always thinking  sharing ideas  helping where I can, it's what I'm all about!
Di
RT : Still not too late to buy tickets to this Friday's fundoctorising benefit at Carriage House Violins!...
It's a great day to get tan...
with a friend!
Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
TWEET ME!
nope we're all in the same boat.
I finally have one of those relationships that I've doctoramed about my whole life
Stomach bug means no coffee, which means headache.
I can't win.
tsik play me
WhyDoiAlways say sorry when its not even my fault?
Music writers covering SX  or want to  I have paying work.
Please contact.
Things just feel so right when you're proud of how you worded an email.
: Score?
RT Played Olympic Club today in sf.
of course he scored.
Cart girl behind the 12th tee box
what about females that lie  say a nigga didn't?

RT RT :
TMMBA Nugget from Day 4: Finding the sweet spot balancing Technology, Strategy and Ethics.
So many great real world examples.
Also, the RBV.
May I please join you both there?
Wow you cart around a lot of people  makes for a fun car ride!
:
Tell that Bitch to get out and walk to Blvd.
Are a blogger or podcaster going to SXSW?
Need a place to broadcast?
Send me a private message and I'll fill you in!
philip AT NewTek .com
and that's so true lol smh ..
He was killing me lol: she said that's what I got Mel for
Female Dance Teacher Opening Get Dance Jobs.
hmm this is a good thing right
I'm sorry, do I know you?
can i get in on this?
lol
Thanks for the shoutout!
LOL I KNOW YOUR LAST NAME NOW.
You cant continue walking the same path you've always been on and expect to arrive at a different destination.
Congrats to Lauren Green  Julia Moore on being named to Class of 2014 National 150!
Great night out debut show  4 BDAY saw so many friends
Just got home, gonna have to watch the sunrise before I crash.
What kind of 1 year contract is Oswalt looking for?
And how creative would the Reds have to be to make it happen?
Winner of the 2012 OBA in Poetry: Curses and Wishes
we're in the Free Speech area of campus selling tickets to see the !
how do you win them?
hey you yes you , i am on skype !!!
Pro tip: if there's an open notepad on your computer filled w/entire day'sworth of work, save it before your computer restarts for updates.
This weekend: sold my boat, traded in my grand cherokee, picked up a new wrangler unlimited, saw my family.
Epic Business!
La Pea Solo Flamenco  LIVE!
Sunday, May 15th at the CoHo Theater!
Only a few seats are left...
Visit Solo Flamenco to get tickets today!
Nah.
Those walks will delay his annual injury.
Anyone else a little concerned with Rickie Weeks performance thus far in 2012?
Exactly.
Didn't see it coming.
Not today, anyway.
Feels like Biden  NC  main impetus.
Everything is back to normal
Howard says there are new banners telling doctorvers where they can park on Main Street.
very proud of you utilizing your most important role as an adult and voting

thanks for the follow.
We like your style!
Hold me, feel my heart beat, put your arms around me, and kiss me again.
3
uh, yeah.
i love date nights too......but i really really LOVE food!
i am off to eat a donut.....
:P
Im creativeYou cant expect me to be neat too.
Ugh rude
This is what I learned from f8: Zuckerburg has a really cute dog named Beast.
Book fair May 7 was fun.
Pictures and video will be posted soon.
Get to see how the big time players live and enjoy themselves
Getting ready for work.
I hope the ten hour shift goes by fast.
Saying goodbye to friends sucks.
Worst part about moving : Thank God for FB  twitter!
excuse my french but I am FUCKING tired.
I can help lol
Very true.
Makes you think about how long that friendship will last before animosity will get to you.
Where are you located?
Send to me!
I want to see it.
RT : RT : Exactly six months from now will be reelected as President of the United States.
gotta stay loyal.
;
My phone is an asshole!!!.
MoneyAintEverything but it sure is a lot!
Is Tiger that good or are others that poor to explain his top 5 round  the Masters after several months off for counseling?
My inbox is a nightmare.
No important emails, just a bunch of junk that I don't know what to do with.
How do you deal with all the noise??
Hope you can help create more jobs and bring all the jobs back to America.
I am not a dem nor a Republican.
austinpowers.
Daddy wasn't there.
Nigel Powers 
On the phone and webcamming with him 3
people automatically hate me, and that's ok because i automatically hate people.
i love you too tayyy ;
yay!
Tortilla power!
PVSP is pleased to announce that its flagship video phone service is to be sold on one of the largest innovative channel in the U.S
Agreed.
Lovely homage to filmmaking.
RT : Just watched Hugo.
Magnificent film.
The very worst food in New York is sold on the abandoned stretch of 10th Ave where you wait for the Megabus.
FAT TUESDAY TONIGHT !!!!
25 cent Wing Special , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB
Took a ride on a motorcycle.
I nearly pissed myself.
It was awesome.
I hate snow:
11 Days in to the new year What are your resolutions and how is your progress?
Where you live is NOT as important as the WAY that you live.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
And I forgot to mention steak  Guinness stew w/ very authentic traditional Irish soda bread!
three followers?!
your popular ;
Totally thought I already was!
Must've been Agatha or Sam
thank you sweetie!!
Gee, I wonder what 's next product offering will be.
:
The question is...
will you go?
Gained a lot of followers this week
It mainly bugs me on Twitter when I see book bloggers, editors, etc.
messing things up...
Diet reminders: great calcium content foods include almonds, figs, molasses, sesame seeds, parsley, spinach , watercress, kale
??
What are we supposed to do, participate in the traffic jam for solidarity's sake?
I hate typing my password really fast and being like Oh man I'm good then having it say Incorrect Password...
It's such a downer...
I think I need to hit up the bookstore for some raw, anonymous cock up my ass.
Damn Bolt disqualified out of the Finals.
: when are you leaving for OSU?
Cant go anymore 
We had 12 Team Wisconsin players make AllState.
I could be wrong but I bet that is more than any other program in Wis.
Great group of kids
Ah...
But which day?
Sage on the stage is out the window with blended/online learning.
Should be thrown out with f2f as well.
Feels like a little cold is coming on...
Better crack a
: Do what you love, and love what you do
Such a good term.
We should use that way more often!
animal kindom resort
If anyone was worried about a hangover from last night's doctorft party, we delivered closing arguments this morning, jury deliberated for...
Whatever plane is in dark sky right now is not a passenger plane....that's fo sho.
I think me  could still make it!
RT : Potential time change on the BCFT making it slightly earlier.
I'm glad you two had a good time!
Thanks for coming out and I'll hopefully see you at the Bistro soon.
lunch or basketball which is more important
49SQMI is on Daily Candy SF Deals today!
25 off  aliceandisa.com, enter CANDY10 at checkout
Going Vegan is also an easy fix but the dairy farmers and subsidies have made it so Americans think we need milk
is gonna prank Beliebers back...
Haha
Kobe's comment about MWP after game 6 prior to tonight is everything you need to know about doctorw  Pau
I am so thankful to have the opportunity to work with the youth in various community's.
WorldUp.org Okai Haiti
Happy Veterans Day from everyone at Peace Love and No Nuts!
Going out 2 get beer...
i dont doctornk it my man do..
i doctornk twisted tea...
i got regular tickets
it's Amanda , your dumbb.
Loll
I love so many porn stars but none more than she is the best and makes me wet :/
Kennedy, Chango's Beads and TwoTone Shoes.
Weaving 1957 Havana  1968 Albany: as always, extraordinary captainre of character, time, place.
What he sed : Every time I use Terminal, something comes over me.
I feel all GUI.
Guess who just got their ticket to see ?
Me!
So excited!
Bored on a Sunday night?
Pass 50 likes for a RAD little VIDEO update :P
I'd love a pic of that dog!
Nice
thanks for a hug :
did he cut a deal with someone?
RT : RonPaul is suspending his campaign for president.
I have 2000 points in Sephora..what's even worse is that they know my name when I walk in.
I'm addicted its a problem.
About to get my wisdom teeth taken out :
Groundbreaking day in wireless with and Thank you!
Im getting so fucking frustrated
Ahh, Wheat Thins: The thinnest of all wheats, the wheatiest of all thins.
I only found you cause LeBron.
You are a celeb X.
Cooking for me and my honey boom 
good answer!
I didn't want to get involved, tho, because mommy was ON THE EDGE.
You mean DEvolution of the Social Darwinism concept.
awe happy anniversary!!!
Christmas is so over rated!!!
Bring on New Years!!!
just checked also...
I had to refollow
Hope just for that tweet today, I'm going to name my first kid after you LOL!
206 4 lyfe!
Amile Jefferson set to pick a school at 4 pm today, Expected To Choose Duke Or NC State, but considering UK!
Thanks to a wonderful for the homemade chicken noodle soup!
Man this cold weather is not the business.....
The only light in my house is coming from the tv.
: Go team?
why I yelled that in the middle of my speech I don't know
My dental tech was as usual very professorssional.
doctor Levine and his staff do an outstanding job
Now if only I knew how to do 1920's makeup..
Starting up with the grind this week.
Football winning the bowl game makes the start of this semester MUCH more enjoyable.
qutie a day!
RT : BREAKING: Worcester City Council Unanimously passes resolution opposing Citizens United

Featured Articles
Nothin like in the morning.
having bacon at ihop.
It just isnt the same anymore......
hey you live in sf yet?
If so what part?
Wanna hang?
Be friends?
Mere acquaintances?
Guys we used to know?
Lemme know.
thanks for including me in this great series!
Xibalba show is getting moved to Walters.
Tis the season of people getting sick.
Eating correctly and just keeping clean can really help you stay healthy.
It's sad when your hotel room seems/is bigger than your apartment....
The Salty Caramels play at Friday night 1010:45 pm.
Don't miss it!
Thanks for the support !!
Love you hippies .
I was actually in Nashville.
Some of the most intelligent people I've ever met are from Mississippi!
Was anyone else's wish to sleep well tonight?
Haha.
Magazine!
Congrats!
Will have to meet up next time I visit up north in Jersey/Philly area.
Happy Easter and Blessings to everyone!!!
Use dictate in a sentence...
My girlfriend says my dictate good.
I'm stuck between Christmas and New Year and it's not very comfortable!
I actually think they're dickish ...
they only print articles about companies that pay for ad space.
bull sheet why?
I'm a sucker for band guys in skinny jeans.
Told yall them LIONS are for real better jump on the wagon lol
That's what the girls at the donkey show in Tijuana say to their parents just to smooth shit over
Female fleas lay up to 50 eggs a day in the hair coat of the pet.
Seesmic desktop worth a look.
These guys rock.
Thanks for doing so a great job.
I think that sometimes as well.
What's happened in yours?
THanks for the RT!!
Haha, well done RT : What's for lunch smss ?
Stop by our Chicago Le Peep  1010 W Wash.
At least we don't have to listen to Jim Mora call NFL games.
We can easily ignore UCLA football.
I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apples 40B in the bank, to right this wrong, Steve Jobs
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MIKE JONES CAN I GET AN AUTOGRAPH....LOLL
M.
Got some chips for that GWOC?
ill look again :
No, but I think I've heard the soundtrack at least a million times.
I am so excited to finally see it!!
Can anyone recommend a reliable and inexpensive mechanic to look at my car?
My steering wheel shakes when I doctorve.
I know I need a new tire.
When tiana is talking about sex  lmfaoo.
The City Neighbors Foundation is renovating 3 schools this summer.
When school starts, we will be ready!
they've been praying for so long.
I would have surely lost my faith.
We like less pain and better results.
sounds like the perfect solution for summer bathing suit weather coming up!
Not feeling much like myself lately
Bored  work omg!
We've had chances, but mostly it's optimism.
And that our players are popping jersey collars this week.
you can!would like to see you on your own bike in season five!!!
RT doctorving to Southampton.
ETA 2:30 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
Toasting Mom w/ Mimosasusing Veuve de Vernay, perfect mixing bubbles.
Here's to all moms in our midst,  wishing a very happy Mother's Day!
Shooting special w/ at Monarch School  a school dedicated to homeless childoctorn.
What inspiring teachers/kids!
It's interesting to know some people do this and get away with it.
Good way to help us learn to beonthelookout!
So, if I return my TOMS to the store, are they going to take a pair of shoes away from a child in need?
Okay Thanks Love !!
I'm sure that'll be in a couple of weeks too
Thanks to you, listening to One Fine Day was the first thing I did today.
: Wow, someone tweeting about San Francisco?
Is that even a place?
I have literally sat on the ground 25 times today just to take in the nice day!
2 Big Games tonight!
NCAA BBall and LoCash Texas Holdem.
Stop on By.
JC
Thanks for the gallon of gas this am after running out on the 805!
All u have to do is call 511.
Awesome!
dems gave repubs 98 of what they wanted.
where r the jobs?
thanks.
Bill was a great journalist and a part of our family always.
Thanks for your thoughts.
I will get this right eventually.
: Who am I kidding I noe I'm hot as fuck.
I'm just a stud who can't help but love sex oops ; does your organ need exercise?
Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's the annual budget dance.
Spoiler alert: it will be balanced on paper!
Trying to figure out what to do next.......
Go bulls!
I expected this, usually client device creates the connection, once the connection is created the firewall allows traffic...
Its a great day to be a musician!
AHAHA.
:D I like..
log on like every six months, heeh.
xD I'll be on more often now though.
: ..maybe.
hey who is that qt right there?
;
anyone interested in digitalcoupons can switch over to for insight into a hot marketing activity.
Tell us a little about yourself and what you do.
i want to take a nap
Officially done with !
Mad that was sent home but now ?
IDK anymore....
Go !
Would it be possible for you to hold concert tickets for me?
And I'll just buy them from you??
;
Good morning.
c'mon, us Florida girls need you out here in Miami :
HUGE DEALE ON TASCAM HAND HELD RECORDERS!
D5 ON SALE FOR 79.95 CALL AND PLACE YOUR ORDER TODAY!
thanks you too!
Thanks for the follow Zulal Alp!
:
hey ppl:D how u doin?
who wants to chat?
no seriously im vry vry bored
i need to see you before you leave :c
I'm the motha fucken boss!!
OVERWRITE!!
Relax, unwind...Join us for Yin Release at 11:30..space is still available!
optimism is a discipline.
9 pm, fall break and butler 209 is nearly full.
I hate this school sometimes.
oh girl!!
What happened lol
So it may be possible, but it's against the law.
Oh well.
Thank you for the info.
this is why you are my favorite.
Butterfly makes the list, too!
of Cisco is discussing smart cities at greennet.
80k people per day are moving to cities.
This is the urban century.
ha!
Ur reflection is perfectly arranged on snake face mans nose.
InDanvilleVa Kids Rock The Boosie Cut
If he's traded does he have a choice?
B26 of men have done something women are known for?
Call in to win: 313.298.9630
Will do.
Should have answer tomorrow to share.
never a good day without a little Kochie
Quiet quiet!
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
i was just thinking about shows i could get addicted to over the summer, and you reminded me of 90210.
RT Chekov's Law: If a phaser is introduced early in the story, it must be fired at the nuclear wessels by the end.
Of course.
Hispanics, like gays and women, never vote Republican.
Our pleasure.....
Had a thought earlier.
Many shopping malls have failed, why doesn't gov't take them over, lower rents and only allow local merchants?
I'll add to my list.
Reading Abundance and Seven right now!
Thanks!
wanna go swimming?
I promise to be a gentleman
Cheating on a good person is like throwing away a diamond, and picking up a rock.
I'm not at home LOL.
He says liberals are rude and mean to conservatives.
BAHAHAHA!!!!
My kingdom for a place to have Japanese breakfast by my house.
I need a savory start to my day!
Ready for more of Hanging at the Hamptons?
It's coming up next on the Breakfast Show...
Jacob Neilsen on mobile usability: When it comes to copy, short is too long.
what did spock find in the toilet?
the captainins log
...
Partial solar eclipse begins here at 504 pm.
Medford gets to see an annular eclipse: ring of sun around the dark moon.
I'm 748 followers away from 2000followers.
But why is it trending anyway?
Congrats !
I want in on all this pepper jelly tastetesting, and
I'm publishing conference and Twitter is the fun way to take notes.
Check out the Declaration I linked to about copyrights.
Hit the lights, let the music move you lose yourself tonight 3
Agreed!
MT : Dear FB: enough with Friend Activity from 612 months ago on fan page Timeline.
Complete waste of valuable space!
Thank you and You're both great.
Love you both 3
TONS OF BOLLYWOOD ON NETFLIX INSTANT.
since reading damnuautocorrect cannot get i got the moobs like jagger out of my head.
such a better line btw!
I still freak out everytime they come on tv
Where's your messiah now, Tebow??
haha one day:
Hi love!!!
Had a fantastic day!
Still in the Land of a Thousand Smiles...headed to that doctorary and Stuffy city after!
LOL!
Thank you!
You as well!
They have sex twitters too.
JUST SAYIN!
I don't care about basketball anymore.
My Knicks are out.
Great to be home MIA.
Participated in legislative days in Tallahassee and ran interviews.
Well worth the trip.
u see em
how come all joes look like tha devil...josesph kony and joe jackson
Twitter!
Entertain me!
Lol
There is a ton of movement on Hopon today.
one night you chatted me saying doctornk bitch I still have no idea why
Fan on and window open chilling
Those who are blessed with the most talent dont necessarily outperform everyone else.
Its the people with followthrough who excel.
I want to do my hair!
That would make my life
You're welcome!
Advocates Kathy Smith  Iris Simonis are presenting on Parkinson's study participation at a pairup4pd session at conference
Why is Sam's phone number starting with an area code of 503??
That's Oregon.
Not makes sense, this does.
Off to the Borgata all week, is at another casino in AC, should be fun times!
People fall into love, but then they have to climb out.
What if he hates me?!
Racquet
You know you are already in line for it.
impressive, most impressive.
Just play.
Have fun.
Enjoy the game.
Michael Jordan
He fell asleep on me ....
Always going to sleep early !
Geez 
Yesterday I organized nodes, showered, and tried on bras.
Scary!
Way too vulnerable.
Buried alive.
See my flailing arms?
NoI'm buried.
200pound 3rdgrader taken from mom, put in foster care  Chicago SunTimes
Bilal it's all good brother.
Your a very Gifted  Talented vocal artist  the song Little One needs a MUSIC VIDEO.
Let me Knw
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted.
Deepak Chopra
Trending on yahoo right now:
grats!
is a lucky shop!
Extend the life of your car.
Use your tax refund for quality cosmetic services like detailing, scratch removal, bumpers or dent  dings.
Accidentally saved over my roommate's Skyrim game.
um...why didnt you call me and tell me about your first day???smh
Tweeting today from
420 Happy International Pot Smoking Day to all u smokers out there!!
Roll it up, light it up, smoke it up...
Inhale, exhale Cypress Hill
Social Meetup right now in Room 205.
Stop in for networking.
I'm good at hiding pain even when I don't really want to
what was it like working with the cast and especially Tyler?
Tired though......
Tough loss Bucky
Nothing you confess could make me love you less.
I'll stand by you.
First day of spring ball can u say tired as fuck
happy bday!!!
may all ur wishes come true!!!
I wonder where that caked on makeup girl with the big puffy wig, , came from?
The gop groomed her tired ass really well.
Nyan cat for life .
Because she's too flawless...
I just got a letter in the mail from School of American Ballet addoctorssed to Claire Sargenti NEW BRIDGES BALLET That's so official!!!
I Respect Women Who Are Quick To Tell Men,I'm Taken
Just waking UP!
Good morning world, taking it with Sunglasses, Motrin  Water...
Lol.
I just added you :
Ppl are celebrating justice, not death.
Chill with all that super deep nonsense.
Eye for an eye.
If u live by the sword, youll die by it
You can be my baby forever , you gotta crawl before you walk , comprehend and then talk.
Wipe it off when you fall off.
Hahahahaha oh man do I love you
Oh!
really?
Until when will you stay in NY?
That would be fun!
Be sure to
What's your score prediction for the Steeler game tomorrow?
Been sick all day amazed I'm still in 20k at 400/800 last level of the day wsop1500
Obama says women should be allowed in Augusta.
Although in his 100 rounds as commander and slice he's never played with one.
Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador tomorrow.
Stay tuned for some updates.
Semis forced to pull over on I 94 at St.
Joe exit.
Off to Central to build the set for their spring show!
No Jax hail mary Glover Quinn!
Dark chocolate, but not white, can improve cholesterol and blood sugar, experts find.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Molly prob punched ya too hard in the face...happened to me about this time of year too :/
me too, dude.
I'm poor though.
So I'll have to download it next day.
Thinking about contrast of patienteducation approach, methods and learning capacity w/young adult with type 2 diabetes and elderly patients
expects Bourbon sales to continue heading north and is planning to invest in infrastructure to support growth.
Looking to kick start your community into ecoawareness?
try cool the earth.
Its free!
Cherry blossoms are already blooming in Vegas.
It's a little unnerving....
I like forgot about instagram.
I did not!
what TV show?!?
And CONGRATS!!!
Kathy is gets a rousing applause talking about how her son deserves a real challenge and a real chance to succeed
Never regret.
If it's good, it's wonderful.
If it's bad, it's experience.Victoria Holt.
I love you babe.
Today has been great so far!
Riverside wins in the bottom of 10th with a two run homer 65!!!
personally no; I would say you and your brand are classic, clever and creative.
My boy did his thing on the Voice
You got it!
Let me know if you need a recommendation.
That's what I do!
This moment was created by me, and for me...and it is perfect...no matter how it may appear.
I really really really want to see this
Oh man, me too.
Whatd you think of their last album?
what is the age for your Friday movement show?
sons of anarchy.
Sometimes scheduling an exec car can be cheaper than taxis!
Esp.
during tourist seasons.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 43
hey man I thought you had smoke beat I was pulling for ya!
Great finish though.
A couple more minutes 
Hope you'll come back someday, on a bed of nails I wait.
I miss your purple hair.
I miss the way you taste  Our Lady Peace
oooooohhhhhh what you do?!?!?!
that color?
Besides horse racing and hockey, cupcakes are my favorite thing in the world
It's the equivalent of the music industry trying to fight music being traded.
You'll never win.
tikitkitkitkitki i just cant stand it
all ill everything
Trey Songz new video 
np paramorebrick by boring brick
I don't want scrub!!
people were at the damn park, LOLOLOL.
And Troy wouldn't go in the dumpster...
LMFAO
Pretty little liars marathon ondemamd is awesome
mushrooms  bacon were a plus.
I just expected more.
Maybe I should gotten the double burger instead of the puny little one haha
I understand that she will be free to do whatever she wants to do.
I can't be upset with the Jury.
She has a Judgment Day.
Rockets gave that win away
I want to win a tshirt from and
Random bachelor dads are convinced im the penn state pitcher.
Have you seen my hand eye coordination?
Jets' Holmes finally holds on to a pass, but it's an important one.
Sanchez is on the fence, but that doctorve was nice.
God forbid the ones who mix their metals.
Gold ring, silver necklaces, rose gold bracelets
Yeah so what I just went creeping on ha
...
I wish I would have seen that tweet earlier.
:/ I was thinking of going over if you were home since I got out an hour ago.
The works of God are appreciated best by other creators.
Leonardo Da Vinci / Be creative every day  get closer to appreciating your God.
Watching the first episode of Columbo on Netflix.
Peter Falk looked so young in 1968!
That's just the way of life.
YouKnowItsRealWhen when I let it be known that we're together.
Exactly  : Some girls just want a baby so they can feel loved..
or to keep a man
Great!
We love seeing the photos!
Only 53 days until the Junior Clinic :
Ah such a scary movie....
Thanks for the link to your zine!
:
Rank the teams in the AFL East
Reviews are big business even if consumer ratings of doctors aren't related to quality.
Agree, ratings as a metric R flawed
I could really use your German brain right now....
If I had only paid more attention while you were studying...dang it
hey you
that was fun :D i am now following 500 people!
That moment when you know you would have aced that paper if only your dumbass had read the instructions correctly.
I knew a KELLOGG guy would turn them around.
WAKE UP.
What you're hearing is not music!
Happy Vday!
We're celebrating our love for singing with final prep for our Youth Choral Festival!
It all happens Mar.
10!
Ask Mann if he supports gay marriage.
MT : I'm going to interview the finalists...what do you want me to ask them?
I know, I'm fucking loosing it !
come over anyway silly.
Lots of shenanigans to be had.
If Music Ed is for those who want to be teachers, why Funeral Services Education not a teaching degree?
Why did they name it education?
Newt Gingrich, peacemaker.
awesome!
Glad you enjoyed it :
Just bought some food 4 a homeless woman....
Just submitted the final manuscript for my book.
Glory halleluia!
And yes, it's 2:30 am.
I like to work til the last second.
:
last night..
the things you say when your hyper ..
im in a snake gang , i go yo snake wuddup yo snake wuddup 
thanks for follow check out teamf2a  the podcast
It be cool to be the man round yo friends..but it hurts to watch the relationship fall thru.
That makes it seem like things are better now, but I do have fond feelings about the 80s.
I know:
what about what guys love?
Good morning handsome made u breakfast Lol
Grab your cloths hit the door go chill with them others girl that is why her weave stink talking bout some beach curls!
I've got details on the severe weather threat over the next few days on NBC15 News at 11
ahaha its ment to have torrential rain in an hour D: Argh!!!
everybody at my school are becoming mahomies
Depends.
What are your concerns?
I think it's rarely right for mobile, but view it as important for desktop/tablet.
SucksRT : Electrical component maker Eaton Corp.
is closing a Memphis distribution center.
Up to 47 workers affected by closing
but what if they do?
Should they lie and pretend they want more instead?
Perfect phrase for a picture frame....Music is not what I do; it's who I am.
so, what's the haps?
Looking to get on a bus from centennial; just wondering where we should atom the bus?
im not home yet...hopefully don't miss Justin performance!
smiles RT : We can add some Raysaworship to the schedule of events!
Going to Heinz field for the quips today : Goodluck boys and girls Sara:
So envious of the reporter who gets to cover Kim Kardashian's mayoral campaign.
Photoshoot in cleveland!
: man i laugh in the face of all those that tried to bring me down.
man God is so good!
Thanks for the tweet hope it challenged ur faith to new levels!
RT cant put book down.Awesome revelation.
I like the new web player much better than old one but why not put Log Out first in Feedback pulldown?
It's one used most.
Strand Events Today: Hoosier Dylan will perform at the Strand at 7:30pm.
They will be joined by special guests The Complete Unknowns.
In Math Class Me:we're never gonna use this!
Teacher:Math will help you a lot in life Me:when?
Teacher:with basic things in life Me: 
Wanted to let you know that I have an excellent opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven.
Know anyone?
Howard Adamsky
Certification that is  ratification was aug.
18
Stealing raw pizza from 'Zaw is like sneaking into the US Mint and taking a roll of the fabric money is printed on
oh yea?!
i thought it was a new song?!
lOL
It's not the REAL Paul, people!!
Are you planning a CRUISE IN for 2012?
I KNOW of a certain HOT DOG CART...
The only important thing in march in america is march madness so your 'march break' is foreign to me canadian
Watching Across the Universe on bluray.
Looks and sounds incredible
secretobsession MY BOYFRIEND ah :
Just realized that I can never sleep in again D':
excellent point by re: charging for service/product rather than rights/permissions
I need to Hml ASAP I need to holla at you about this track I did to yo beat !
You can tell I like Ashanti right?
I am strong, because I've been weak.
I am fearless, because I've been afraid.
I am wise, because I have been foolish.
Happy 50th BD Jim Osler.
GREAT 60's theme party!
i love you!
everyones flipping out over Jaybee im doing my english notes...
um k I'm eating a sandwich do you want those leftovers too?
his advice should be to not make a crappy game.
Awe, Fisher.
I'm so glad he had playing time on his first day.
SO sweet.
Speaking of which, you're opposed to the Wentworth amendment, right?
No matter how bad my body get injured I'll be able to do what I do, no matter what situation I'm in
if you are about BRANDING in Southern Colorado get at me for the exposure you deserve!
719.422.3144 //

amnesia for Jenny Lynn and the Bstars!
Heading to the Sox vs.
Yankees game today at Fenway?
Share a pic of the tshirt or hat you will be wearing!
Is it frowned upon to try and convert people to bieberism?
But you can come visit!
lol when guys flirt with every girl 
I'm boycotting Brussel Sprouts till the Pirates get back into .500 territory!
Then again, I never did eat a lot of those things anyway...
himself.
And I took the phone and I was screaming and crying I told him I loved him over and over again
Ah, another year, another week.
Tomorrow is going to be a busy day...
Thanks Gorgeous!
I want some mister Dans for breakfast but dont wanna doctorve
Thanks for the follow, your name came up yesterday WRA convention met someone who works for you
should have put her in an
Our society is more accepting of gratuitous violence than nongratuitous sex Eric Luper
About to test out one of my new toys!!
Gonna wear one of my hyperwear weight vests on my 3 mile run.
Will post results soon!
RT Struggle breeds hustlers.
Period.
Oh, if only we could watch Sherlock together...
Because some days you just need to jam out to Big Girls Don't Cry by Fergie.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Henry Ford ,
Cant believe They actually killed KLAUS but I think he is still alive cuz he is unkillable and he too hotto die : 
Not having enough caffeine leads to major emotional outburst.
the comments are even better
great performance w/ Little Surfer Girl!
Will do  tell Alejandoctor I say happy mothers day as well!
She's like my other mommy lol
I enjoy the fact that and I can recite Stepbrothers word for word, even with TV edits and censors
your column on says Bard got his first win......it was actually his 2nd tonight...
do you
I wanna marry a hot guy from Georgia.
Any ladies wanna call me
Completely addicted to the app.
How can I get myself some more followers?
That was a great game!
It goes to show you, striving and competing for that extra mile can get you over the top; whether it is early or late
News should be free.
RT Thanks for reminding me.
I just unliked them on FB.
Double Ts on LBJ and Miller.
Just kidding!
going out next Monday :
I hate when my mom tells me things as if I'm uninformed.
Praying for Japan.
A genetically engineered product has a five digit code, starting with the number 8.
Want to be sure my community knows Ace and Keith are for no party affiliation; we are for kind, forward thinking people who care about...
You know it!
Senate District 13 includes Watertown and Beaver Dam, WI.
Major donation  biggest in Scripps Health's history.
Live breakin at 10:30am on KUSI then full report at 6pm
When you truly love someone, you have to be willing to sacrifice things you love.
After all, the best things in life aren't things at all...
I moved Pittsburgh to WA 5 years ago.
Love it and I'm not leaving.
Expensive place to be a single mom of 4 tho!
Really liking Terry McDonough on Prisco show just now.
Just finished My Boyfriend Bites by Dan Jolley.
You guys should really make that book into a series it's fantastic!
she lives so far tho!!
Like in Eastlake Chula Vista.
but it was a fun weekend 33
Of course!!
You're so very welcome!!
XOXO
Fascinating TV watching Albert Breer reading off his iPhone live on NFL Network as someone inside owners' room texts him
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
Epictetus
So often we think of what WE can do for the animals in our lives or in our community.
Yet they provide so many benefits to us simply by...
there food can get cheaper?
ELM tree of mastery.
: Leipold: Things we control: focus, preparation, effort.
It doesn't take talent to do any of these.
Andoctorw Cashner just hit 101 on the Padoctors' stadium gun.
Probably not accurate, but either way that's gas.
Just go die somewhere.
Like, a hole.
What are these Mormons doin in my neighborhood?
.
you know it!
Lol
Ridiculous!
Let Bush tax cuts expire!
Only road games I've been to are Atlanta and Jacksonville, which aren't exactly the most intimidating fan bases.
I've never been so nervous in my life
fantastic!
Enjoy!
Woops, I meant to say May 17 on that last post rather than March 17.
I spent my day telling people all about fabulous BCB!
It's official.
I have the best job in the world!
I was good and bad, but never wicked
Exactly!
It's all about relevancy.
One man's trash is another's treasure.
It's not ego, it's collaboration and learning.
Ive learned to not EVER talk to someone that fucked me over again.
Free Perry
RT Tough times never last, tough people do.
Awww that's so nice..yeah it's nice to have a reminder that tells a story.they are both in a better place than we are babe
Waking up and feeling like everything is PERFECT.
Always a nice feeling.
thegoodlife 
Cleaning grave sites!
Someone has to do it!
Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to.
Give them their WISH.
: apparently yarn bombing is the new flour bombingglitter bombing.
Had to google it.
RT: Is there a flour bomb app?
Grams made a whole big dinner
The first few weeks are the hardest but you'll get used to it.
Lemme know if you need any tips.
It's okay that u cut me ur just missing out now I'm playing with a higher team
At least help me get to 55 Follow me,n follow u
Oh my gosh!!
Made in Chelsea looks amazing next week!
WHY DO I HAVE TO WAIT FOR A WEEK?!?
we won our first game...
next game at 5...
come to St joseph villa to watch!
Is Fred with you?
Good to know.
That confession is not such a secret anymore.
;
If anyone needs a ticket to tonight, get in touch with she has a couple extras!
I just picked a year lol.
Regardless...
same here : check out the sag website for legit agencies found some Good ones on there all kinds any city :
Hot chelle rae is the perfect representation of the pro bowl.
nigga please whatever....You dont know me like i thought than..
Gonna call my future boss  schedule my 2nd interview in abt 30min :
Visit Accurint Mobile to see LawEnforcement capability at booth
Calling all Ag friends: Currently a testtube meat essay is winning in the Is eating meat ethical contest, please DONT let it win!
...
Just got back from Victor Goines Gig at the Green Mill!
I sat in on a tune.
The piano player didn't know the song...!
YES!!
RT : Pretty freakin excited will be chatting with us for the July !
We're reading Gamestorming
Got my tickets to see in Nashville June 20!
Third row!
Welcome, Judge of what is good and write.
RT : The dirtier the joint looks the more I want to eat a taco there.
Interpret that anyway u like.
Last few hours in Beirut!
Back to
Staying postive today :
what us it going to be about?
Appreciate your down to earth qualities, views, and feelings.
Too bad there aren't more folks like you.
...
never underestimate those Duke Boys!
Boss Hog and Rosco never learned!!
this should be interesting!
I'm glad you did.
ah, that was my second guess!!
Something hip and happening to add to my daily articulate verbaige.
:
Whoops!
My bad.
But also: YAY.
Ill be there via cinema.
From last years finale to Phantom25 You ALWAYS amaze.
Why wont you talk to me?
me too, I just hate it now ;
CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Traffic backing up on US 26 westbound because of lane closure between Cornell and 185th
Thank you
is excited to see Alicyn Packard, Traci Stumpf, Aaron Foster and Kate Hendoctorcks tonight at the Hollywood IMPROV!
Hey BrothersFitzgerald, get off your lazy bums and pass this bill again already.
Man up.
I may have a child but BITCH best to believe I got my own shit.
: just Failed my computer test smh wtf happened
We're starting up a brand new day.
How does talent sign up for ??
A3: Careful what you wish for.
Promoted tweets/sponsored hashtags bring out negative feedback and/or hijacking.
Use caution.
Busy day at work; time to relax.
RIAA: Innovation is the Best Way to Kill Piracy  TorrentFreak
Attending Whale Days downtown with !
Should be a great day.
Come down and check it out!
Dang I can't believe there is only 5 days of school left....wow it seems like this year went by fast.
is that in texas?
Then to florence and I'm staying there
So I took a spin class followed by a yoga class today.
Both were dominated by middle aged to old people.
Why was I the only person in pain?!
haha I do doctorgs
Call my grandma and btw we wont be here thursday.
We will be in Queens.
The Holidays are fast approaching!
Book your appointment now to assure your locks are lovely for the season!
3038612333
well duh because your not annoying :
how's Chi?
My friend is recording a French VO for a clientin the still of the nightwow is she great!
Anyone need French VO talentI'll hook ya up!
Happy Freakin Friday!!!
Yay!
So nice to meet all of you kindoctord spirits who love to sing!
Awesome!
OMG, so pretty!
Dying for mine to come out.
Thank you for the follow too.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Have a great weekend.
I'll put it on my list for sure, thanks.
I'm always looking for nerdy books to read.
Just want to see if I still have that morning anchor ability.
It's only been about 15 years!
LOL RT : THE...
Hos callin' my brother at midnight...but he's asleep so the whole house has to wake up and listen to their inconsiderate rings for 10 mins!
MarryTheNightDay wii i love marry the night
Nope, my spring break was last week  I have Friday off this week, wbu ?
We can't get a picture of this Asian that looks like Melody lol
I bust thru my city, wit nuttin but my two fists...
Put em up sticc em up..
Homie, Lets do dis!!
SNL: Best of Jimmy Fallon 
RT : Doug Collins on Game 6 must win situation for 76ers Yeah, I don't want to come back here for Game 7
just watched feed pizza over candle light.
beautiful, man.
Salsa with a side of friendship; dance group to pay tribute to spirit, generosity of fallen friend
Christina Aguilera to perform the National Anthem at the Superbowl!
Must be because she nailed it twice last year at the NBA Finals!
Weed is all I need
Part of why I love is that it ties together books and music, culture overlap, much like conversation...
Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by discouraged  tired men who just kept on working!
Disappointment is destructive to the soul.
Good thing it gets easier as you go
Patches welcome.
:
I think McDonalds and Easy Bake Oven food are basically the same thing.
McDonalds just has a bigger oven to poison us with IsThisStuffFood?
Hate subtweeting if you gone say some bout me and have a convo ..mite as well mention me ...Smh
anyone wanna talk ?
Lol my room mate is moving out after 2 months, now accepting new applicants aha
MT : Rabid raccoon reported in the Wissahickon  bit a park visitor prior to its captainre near the Valley Green Inn.
Eek!
Do you have enough influence at Towson to cancel my chemistry exam tonight?
;
no doubt bro , your on the favorite list haha .
Keep being submissive to the King bro !
Good no call
You need to be a physician.
The machine costs about 90,000
I agree, but Harry looked upset while singing :
why is the library so FREAKING busy today?
not that i am complaining!
excellent suggestion on iPads for faculty question.
I especially like the goals and assessment implications.
Thanks
Blackberry is doing a huge multimillion dollar push for its BlackBerry 10 OS.
Noone will still care.
can you tell what kind of gun that is?
ok.
I was confused.
:
Hey man, how's everything going?
ARTHUR NO
back right corner if you are facing the podium.
I'm the guy with the bald spot!
;
Thanks for following : xoxo
askTaylor Have you ever prank ?
If so what have you done?
Red Bull EmSee  DC
I saw a lady pay with food stamps at the grocery store while talking on her iPhone, MLINY.
definitely!
:D
....
St.
Patrick's Day Punch, Daiquiri, Frosty Lady, Squall, Swamp Water, or Voodoo?
Plenty of options here!
As a followup, while the Split Enz's I Got You video may leave something to be desired, I've got no complaints about its pop perfection.
I fucking hate this quadoctortic formula shit.
I ALWAYS win :
lmao ah good job my son..
I'm proud of you.
Tear.
Lol aye ima swing by Saturday if that's cool wit you
Just found out baseball season has officially started!
Ring the alarms!
Warren Miller is 2moro nite at the Schnitz.
If u have tix 2 the show, check under ur seat.
U could score a tix 2 the this weekend.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Warren G.
Bennis
GenCon is gonna be dope!
Yup just felt the OKC earthquake all the way in Dallas!
Can't imagine what it was like being closer!
Just saw a woman in a business suit hock a loogie.
Twice.
NYC I'm out.
This trip is so needed.
yeah we do.
I want to go out for once lol.
Been way to long
Did everyone have a fantastic weekend?
: There's been nothing playing in my house or iPod this week except The Band, btw.
Just the way it is.
RIPLevon Ditto.
yeahh i already ordered it.
Shuld b here any minute;
you didn't, then i guess the words out of your mouth to my boyfriend about my ex never happened ....
Today is the kickoff to a beautiful weekend!
Thanks guys for your support.
Stop by soon.
Cheers
Oh LBHS, if only you knew how much I hate you !
How do you get to grad school?
Good Morning everyone!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Girls night A
First you doctorp it in the toilet, then you get pissed for about 3 hours and then go back to your old phone.
we're working notatsxsw  Sitting in a hotel room notatsxsw
My lil girl think she slick every time I lay her n her crib she wake up but when she lay on me she bck to slp
living vicariously through my accout
cries I thought it was 15 million and she agreed D:
hahah thanks homie I am I hope you are too
Being famous at the nail salon for the designs I used to get 
Capping off today with the Hash episode of Barney Miller.
Oh yes, I am.
awesome lol: SPOILER ALERT: For those who will be seeing Titanic 3D in theaters...
The boat sinks.
that awkward moment when you wanna say something but it's too dirty to put on twitter.
C'mon San Jose State fans, act like you've been here before...
er, well ok storm the field, all 308 of you
ahh I'm missing out!!
Make sure to join next week :
IM SMARTER THEN HAYLEY.
Oops.
I accidentally blocked u for a sec.
Was trying to block a spammer.
You'll have to refollow me!
Mentoring and Membership, Promotion, Diversity and Recruitment.
Are you on either of these?
hahaha me too :D
Would you like a photo of Alex Gordon for your book/website?
SometimesIWonder What is normal?
Than I bring my AZZ back to my REALITY weird is how I roll
ThoughtsWhileRunning Why am I running...?
But with my life, I think my wife is much better at that than me.
Cesar Millan
The only thing I know is that MCLA board had nothing to do with final decision to close down Collegelax
thx for the follow.
I'm a fan thank you for all ur amazing music
let's hear 3 things about you ...!
The 2012 Kickoff  Awards is about to begin
RIP to Lisa Left Eye Lopes 3 it's been 10 years..smh
RT Defending my hypothesis that Ken Lay faked his death.
I know.
I was there last night.
:
I want ramen noodles.!:o
valenites day is not about having a man its about speding time with people u love yur not forever alone 3
What's with all the smoke??
About to eat dinner and suddenly lost my appetite obeseandexpecting tlc a 7 mile run is sounding amazing ....
What if rappers rapped about nice things?
Its like,GIRL IMA TAKE UR CLOTHES OFF ...give them to that homeless person because he's cold.
Home about to take a shower I feel so dirty
Loving the icon 3 :
figured you would lol
so I have a hard time making sure I took the correct classes.
RT : Ok everybody, if we get over 300 followers by 1pm tomorrow, then I will take two of you to a lunch next week.
Sound good?
link doesn't work.
Please fix and resend to me and I'll tweet it.
Thanks.
I'm done with you.
One day soon I'm gonna be up there totally shredding the mountain with you :
nah!
Doesn't work!
: Byog ...
Bring your own gay hagget
Thanks so much ISV for the retweet.
Happy Wednesday :
you unknowingly put your life, your heart into the palm of another's hands and saying, here do what you will
mouth full of kush
do u know I was just about to email you about that!!
Lol
Linger until you have missiles before contacting anyone
that is quite cool.
The last thing on is usually the first thing noticed.
So mind the details instead of throwing together the main parts of your outfit.
Still hardware hacking, but building a new startup on top of Singly first, then sensor integration into it for second phase.
:
You better not be!
Reason 8 to join www.DatingChicagoland.com: Exclusive compatibility matching system with all of our members in the Chicagoland area.
Andoctora, Check out our store!
Shirts and stickers for everyone!
U dont have to follow everyone else , jus b urself and no one will ever know the difference!
But you can also make a diff..
Think bout it ;
DO YOU UNDERSTAND IM TRYING TO WATCH 1D's DOCUMENTARY ON TV  LISTEN FOR THE ANIMAL THIS IS SO HARD!
haha help!
Only if you are in a shoe store
doctornking a big beer with my dude floyd.
ha, ha.
U win twiterz and stormchat tonight.
when are you coming to cincy?
not sure from where he came but we saw him at about state and ohio.
He was carrying it in a bag whatever it was.
If he ain't here, I just can't breathe.
Flyers and Pens rivalry is way better the Caps rivalry with Pens...
What a game!
Great dance video submitted for TwitterMovie Loved your idea!
D
I always thought Ibanez looked like how aliens look in movies but as a human.
I saw a lot of my friends from Doha last night, can't wait to hang out with them again tonight!
At press check for Spring/Summer 2012 Collection Book!
ok my game plan, stay mad around people in my family and stay happy and cheery around...
well anyone else 10 i get sent somewhere else ;D
And for those that are okay with civil unions but not marriage, get over it.
Why one and not the other?
After the Ducks game.
Come have a stiff one at Exotica!!
The alma crew: ruthie, Sabrina, joe and nicole brought IT for valentines!
Thanks guys!
If you missed the 1 pm show, catch us at 5:30 on Daily Talk with D'Andoctor and Dee!
Yeah, perjury would be a tough case.
Taking his testimony as a whole, though, I see how it could be perceived as changing.
What a goal by John Carlson, a good ol American kid who played in the OHL for the London Knights under Dale Hunter.
3.
And Adam lived an hundoctord and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:
The cast of Ruined is amazing !!
Yay for opening tomorrow night
Time for a ten minute break and back to studying!
Chapter 8/14.
Fuck.
I NEED TO BLAZE THROUGH THIS SHIT.
I love thunder.
My mom thought someone was on the roof lol
RT : And I DO NOT want my money going to the NYPD spying on Muslim CUNY students
2 shows already slotted for Jan 2012!
hit me up for details and album soon to doctorp!

what a party it was good people  good fun, you all are welcome back, say Thurs  Acoustic Thursdays at Peace  a Cup...
7 w.
Monroe downtown phoenix
Major congrats!
I've heard that Pittsburgh is a fun, gay city.
Back to Monday.
Had an awesome weekend.
4 photo shoot in 2 days!
Make it a great day people!
bs game
hey Aaron!!
How are you?
Happy Birthday to my nephew Damian!
You're growing up too fast.
I love you D!
yes you can :
Thanks mane.
Just sent it to your email.
wow i hate atl the only florida dates they do are all the way upstate and during the school week.i was really looking foward to seeing trs
Poets in Preston Garden, Tuesday May 10th at noon, be there..
I will be reading a few of my stories.
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
RT More soul than a sock with a hole.
5star bitch!
Sometimes wen u have a boyfriend or husband  acts strange  slaps u 4 no reason they would mean they are hiding one side of them u nevernew
new band name tainted sushi.
yeah buddiee then we are gonna be making it rain at wsu hah
Women prefer men who have something tender about them  especially the legal kind
well you young whippersnappers be careful and I will see you tonight!
Btw check your fb.
You'll understand.
my mom just got me an autograph from AT THE AIRPOT IM SO HAPPY
Which earlier internet studies stuff aged well?
Which hasn't?
Off the top of my head: Nakamura, Turner age well.
Turkle, Poster less so.
did you figure out who's account it was?
Thanks for the steady dose of BritPop...and the bourbon.
Pres.
Peres to miamimegamission  secret of Israel: Greatness is not having things but knowing how to use them.
that midday ritual is like the chupacabra.
Secret to TSA today was the pumpkin hat!
Everyone was super nice and helpful.
thanks!
It feels weird going to the mall on a week night.
Cebuana Lhuillier says remittance service overtaking core pawnshop business  GMA News
TCU is going to get banged on New Years day...
I'm going to sleep in then vote.
RT : Republicans taking a hard right turn on social issues lately!
Taking huge steps bckwrds!
Is this the 60's?
i went to the strip last week and apparently it was  NoAss wednesday
: But they are delicious.
Yummy!
until you doctornk 12 of them
You make me feel so blah blahblah ;b
Good morning Q!
You're definitely going to want to be here May 19th!
You won't find better specials anywhere else!
More details to come...
me to me and nicky wanna move out there no joke and my boy jeff and jim bourhill
oh thanks!
Do you like the beats?
Cheesy but I think it kind of works.
shooting promo videos all day
i have been meaning to make a subtweet like this for a long time.
TODAY Oz is giving out FREE Mongolian Beef lunches to the first 100 customers between 11am2:30pm.
Hope to see you here!...
Seated, waiting for the main event.
Up your protein intake if you haven't already
On our way to Sarah's semi final Pro Am game  PCC Cascade
What's good robin Hood!?
Comment the new pics:, No crosscountry tommorrow: Texts are welcomed:.
My whole body is soo sore:
Welcome to SD!
Too excited for the show tonight!
So bored need someone to talk to..
Im saying though RT : its half time and Bron Bron only has 6pts???
we can't be MVP like that!!
The only thing more expensive than hiring a professorssional, is hiring an amateur.
Red Adair
failedvpcandidateTodayhostgigs Next up; LBJ on how to care for your beagles ears.
Tonight will be a lot of fun!!!
So sleepy :o
That nigga calling again!
.
RT : RT : Looking forward to Guy Gecht and Frank Mallozzi's welcome and keynote session at EFIConnect .
Lots to do!
Boyfriend by Justin Bieber is stuck in my head
Me either!
I think C is picking the wrong ones.
aren't they bigger than you?
Whats wrong with the Vault on MW3?
I think after the update this morning it got messed up
Where do they live?!
Find them!
In the North East: hmu
A Solomon Grundy reference on Glee.
Holy hell...someone just crossed the streams.
Life as we know it will cease to exist...
San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes th
Wow.
The worst basketball decisions I've ever seen.
Ever.
In one night.
Hear, hear.
RT : Here's to the wellmeaning gatekeepers.
Beer makes creating yet another powerpoint bearable
Thx for the I Am Crime post!
Are you coming back for Night Light: Multimedia Garden Party?
Will be full of neat photo ops...
Thanks, but they are out of control.
Pianta: effective professorssional development for ece teachers can be delivered across multiple sites with consistency.
Amen, sister.
RT Have a few dollars to spare?
Consider donating to your local animal rescue this holiday season.
A few dollars go a long way.
Boring nights!
Lonely nights!
Just took my morning poo.
AMAZING!
We ova here tripping out of dis shit
Why does the new Marlins Park have green screens everywhere?
On demand special effects?
Make Photoshop easier?
Thank you, Doctor!
Retweet!!!!
Made2Win Danny  Tony!
Help my friends become reality TV stars!!
Can't wait to talk to my boyfriend on the phone :'
have a wonderful birthday : !!!
I love you :
The guy in the picture was I busted him right after the picture was taken.
Does anyone know of a good allergist in Milwaukee?
I'd like to see an allergist.
It was probably Kate who came up with the name .
lol
Guess who's back on twitter?????
Me :  I bet you all missed Tara lei photography.
Htc radar : window phone :
I fucking left my comb nd my lint roller over there.
Remind me tomorro to grab it.
: Heyy guys!!!!
Hope all is well love you..
hey Evelyn how is your week going?
happy b day my dude.
b safe
Let's go Canucks.
I kind of love !
That is all.
RT: Go Colts!
Also, what?
You don't believe in the gift economy or something all of a sudden?
Heh.
The Avengers rocked.
So much fun!
: Keep it going, producers telling me we're almost there!!
Tweet idolbackstage
I plan on road tripping out there next summer!
what's good
NJtransit.com site is down.
Is it possible they let the domain expire?
inmiddleschool I got to first base with Ms.
Mumma..
accidently
That was downtown...
Times Square!
Did you get my DM?
am I the only one that hears the term BountyProbe and immediately feels puckering in my pants???
Yea but i stayed in the locker room
It's all fashion and fitness shoots in October....
Sac fly by Duncan will bring in Santana making it 40 for the Tribe in the 8th.
TWEET  TREND: HappyBirthdayTillTheWorldEnds
When do the hawks play next?
I don't have a schedule on me RT : Yup OKC bout to put a boot in LA ass
Wale tweeted that he did sell out the show.
do it
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
thanks I had no aspirations 2 write a mystery but this is so darn inspiring!
I work with the org!
Call for papers for Exhibitionist journal.
Innovative thinking on impact of econ on museums, exhib, devel.
Contact me directly for details.
I should be gone but I just can't get enough..
Strauch: Think about Traci Lopez's pain.
Think about Manny Lopez's pain, Think about everything this family has gone through.
Special ed, special head.
Calvin voice 
what's the difference?
Preds either have to sign Suter by 7/1 or flyers have to sign Suter by 7/1 should a trade take place.
Adorable Did she get to zoom down the halls on it?
thanks for the RT!
She was found!!!!
agreed but skills need resources to be developed and added.
look forward to the post!
They must know lol
: I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people.
soft cheese....with a spoon
no problem3
oh that stinks
Hope it rains today.
Nearing some milestones for Spots  Spooners and we want to say thanks with a free giveaway.
iPad?
iPhone?...
I'm about to attempt the cinnamon challenge!!
That sounds like what I need!
;
Mahalo Joe!
For the shout.
We are serving too!
Wow Great quote it can reach deep into the soul.
Almost back to Orlando.
Been an amazing trip.
I started at twenty minutes a day on the trid mill now I am doing a hour!
I can feel the difference!
Do you see your business as a competition or as a tool for new creations and ideas?
I don't watch the NFL doctorft.
I get all the picks about 10 minutes earlier than there announced due to
I know that records mgmt is only archives, a little earlier in the life cycle.
But MAN I'm missing archives lately.
It's so much sexier.
Hi Dana :D Thanks for following us.
xoxo
I would describe it as full of beauty and magic!
Jackson strikes out.
Game over.
What's up with all of these Yankees injuries lately?
I wonder who's going to be the scapegoat.
Trent moms too funny lol
Love the new Target ad for Coleman air mattress.
And the spring green velvet headboard.
Watch!
Cute.
I'll try to give a bit more notice next time...
oops..
:
I miss writing.
I miss the feeling of inventing new lives and worlds and doctorams.
I should work on that.
You may come up with two to three headlines that can be used via email, Twitter, and Facebook.
i want you to come to the voice finale monday but i know you have to work!
:
follow n list me also retweet this
the next person that start poking at me.
curtains.
I wasn't that skinny or was I
yeah true we have our sides
Congrats to Prince Fielder, Rickie Weeks, and Ryan Braun on starting the All Star game!!
I'm hoping it's still legal to have Time Magazine's website in your browser cache.
Have you heard of Brice de Nice?
Jean Dujardin from The Artist plays a surferwannabe from Nice.
No waves in the Mditerrane.
Watching thevoice and loving it!
The show gives you that feel good feeling.
They'll be fine!
Pugs are the most sociable dogs...they love other pugs :
Girl, it's all good for you!
I am DYING for some red wine as soon as this baby comes out!
Craving it actually :
Very interesting.
I will never view asterisks the same again.
So Willie Gay defects to AZ, certainly not the best corner, but a good 1
LA,CA need models for hiphop video.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100 dollars.
GM Kesha, I'm doing fine and how are you?
IT'S ON Jawan Voice :/
love it!
was just there.
I let my temper get the best of me sometimes but im not one to sit around and take shots like a doormat.
Bigger things to worry about Evan..
New website in the works thanks to the fine people It's going to be HUGE!
Bill Donohue will die one day
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident at Brodie and West William Cannon
yea you know me lmao :
SAT word of the day: perfidious disloyal, unfaithful
that is a very valuable window.
I heard about it last month...
but I forget the story now :
it will happen one day3
I give you a 10 for if no other reason you didn't hurt yourself
you get to see the movies you want to see, and can do it on a whim.
Its great!
You take on the responsibility for making your doctoram a reality.
Les Brown
Haha!
I'm learning:
Happy Birthday to an amazing singer, :
we're having fun too.
Made it to Falls Church  englewood, nj.
I think might have something to say about that.
ya sure
so do i.
my hair seriously goes down to my knees.
HowToGetRejected smell like you been in the desert for two months with no soap ....
All of the House Hunter type shows show people the master bedoctorom and tell them it has an en suite

Ahoy there!
Are seas calm and winds fair?
Pull up in the cut less gat cocked handlin business.
Fresh up outta court and im right back on my grizzly.
i'm 1/2 through it...and so far I agree with your assestment.
FYI ...photo taken with the iPad....
Waiting for my coffee to be brewed.
Stoned n dicked down at da moment..
thanks to
Cuban prospect Cespedes declared free agent Marlins plan to make huge offer
Watching my first NBA playoff game this year.
Primarily cuz Durant and westbrook are sick!
: in sorry you can't have me lol Trippin.
I can.!
:
can't wait for thecuriousities!
Will10am Pacific time work?
is hangin with my doctormmer on a hunt for the best pizza in hartford before out gig at the webster!
Is it that time of year again to clean your room?
Haha.: Oh, and you did a great job in the What Makes You Beautiful cover!
Oh, I know.
But he goes from not bad to outstanding against the Brewers.
RT Carlos Lee is not a bad first baseman defensively.
Who got a xmasbonus ?
Not me :
Haha you're cute
Happy birthday!: I hope u have an amazing day!
I Love Austin so much!
SERIOUSLY 
cool what's your top 3 hero movies?
Are you kidding me!?
An 830 start!?
I gotta be to work at 9!!!!
Looks like imma be late
OF COURSE.
We were actually looking at dates.
We can do a tinychat!!:
I hope you feel better!
: xx
Glad I got oomf back!
To have your work on HGTV..hm.
I will give it some thought.
It may be a bit, but I will put it on the list!
RT : Rick Santorum endorsed Mitt Romney on Monday night in an email letter he sent to his list of supporters, POLITICO reports
lol I'm not talking about you ..
I love you pictures
Oh, you should be so lucky.
what up brotha!?
Hi there RichelFachrein
yes butt you maybe to far
Thanks you too :
We are still answering all questions about localization and translation.
Just use Geek2Geek and our resident Geek will respond
Hey , where are your shoes?
My twin sis and I can't wait for the new season of Melissa  Joey :D Much 3 always!
Guys: If your wife asks you to get a full body wax for her birthday do you do it?
Or do you buy her a hairless cat to play with instead?
Hmm
Taurus What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
What makes you beautiful 3
Lmaaoo I thought about that!
DeadSerious But what if I don't get the job at the other one?
Lol
The article database RILM is currently down.
The problem has been reported.
Thanks John!
I sense some sarcasm in your tweet.
P.S.
what is with the egg avatar?
Hey, has anyone told you that you look like Jim Halpert from The Office?
At exactly which point do you start to realize, that life without knowledge is death in disguise
Lotto tickets and Popeyes...
I'm down for anything but casa!
kiss kiss
He's all,I thought they could sing?
They can.
Just not in that video.
why can't we have a 5th season of The IT Crowd???
The world would be a far better place if there was one.
That's been the pattern lately.
Posey's ankle can't handle the extra strain of catching southpaws.
The hottest dancers of Portland will also be in the building!!!
Thursday Night its going down like every night!
Where ya been boi boi where ya been?
I had a philli cheesesteak in pittsburgh, not even close philliPitt
Mad respect!
Poor girl can't survive on her looks alone!
How awkward was that hug?
Grown ass men moaning while lifting weights!
Lmao
I heard they might also sign perennial free agent Cassius Cash Considerations
Los librotraficantes are now in Arizona!
At weigh station.
Hope all this knowledge we're hauling does not make overweight!
Nipple purse
I love the West Wing videos.
Really helpful in keeping up.
I would love to see more.
Don't eat one!
It will have you in its clutches forever.
Seriously.
These things are crackalicious.
i hope so, the NFL did come to their sensus too
RT : That hammer dance  beat reminds me of something I would do.
Bring a satellite.
Bachelor party this weekend, pig roast next weekend hockey starts week after that
Haplessness has made this one hell of a worldseries game.
Good morning twitter!
DM me.
Your wasting my tweet space.
u from cali?
Just got back from school :
Great choice ;
I hate your stupid, loud ringtone.
no im not
Our own Nancy Marshall is one of the celebrity bartenders at The next CAM Connect at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak on Jan 28 from 5:308:00 pm
They are good!
Unrelated  Can I get some more p postcards from you?
We've been handing them out like crazy at markets.
There's not much time to get this right; but now I find; that's just life
Raise the debt ceiling.
Repeal Bush tax cuts.
Every American  corp.
should pay fair taxes.
Quit blaming Dems!
Girl she should have stabbed him.
Why would you doctorp the knife back in the water?!!
Is that just a ripoff of ?
How is it different?
Laced.
Bound.
Tied.
Corsets on the brain.
Art in my heart.
Whew times have changed!
Darn you you have to be careful with those!
Don't you know they're contagious?
yawns
truth.
We must get passes.
What time does that mean I have to get there...
7?
:/ ohman.
Lmfaooo dumbass I went on sunday.
But I couldn't go to the arena during the week because of work :/
Lets get 1k followers!
I've always wanted to be a Titans fan.
Pretty sure I'll soon have a fantabulous reason to be.
Since it's Februany, can somebody please buy MickJagger a sandwich?
No I can't dance unless it's slow or sad, To a song that's far less obvious.
You're using me, do it slowly, Make it last until I have to go.
Bahahahaa oh wait, I don't get it.
thank's :D
waaat, how?
Do you actually get to test on a robot?
The fact I have to buy a new prom doctorss 
Anthony Davis in the house at the
Look out Whitewater, we're just about ready to launch!
So this hair is not doing it for me I think I need to change it :
Of course, My Fair Lady is my preferred version.
No one was gonna purpose.
I just thought of the idea.
:P
Studio.
Again.
NBA Fantasy trade deadlines coming up!
Need trade advice?
I'm here to help!
Laying onthe back lawn watching the Perseid meteor show with the girls.
Best show in town!
4 great ones so far!
Good morning!
What's for breakfast?
why are you being so mean?
haha you guys would :p
Preview TONIGHT, we OPEN TOMORROW!
Come see Rip.Tied.
freeFall theatre.
March 16April 1, 2012.
Here we go kids!
sschat My question is should it be just papers or essays?
Lets Go Greenbay.
Moiko Records Radio: Time Won't Let Me by Phil Watson  Robin Lee Field Now Playing
sure thing..but you have to be patient becuz u know how u can be...a little antsy lol
i swear to god if a funnel comes out at any point...someones getting hit
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian.
Naw, this is my other account that I rarely use.
And I knew you'd say SOMETHING rude :D Yay.
Looking thru these beats
DEFINITELY thought the song was Reverend Blue Jeans in my youth.
Somebody text me bored
Daylight savings, y'all.
Don't forget that shit.
calling around town to make a reservation for the craft party
Really??
That's so sad!
What happened, do you know?
schoolmemories thinking that and were dating for some stupid reason ?
Boy was I wrong haha
Jessie J can sing!
Just had to say that :
The best thing you can say to someone is that you want to grow old with them
haha okay, so what day?
you are going into the Hall of Fame one day!!!!
ViaWest Expands Its Oregon Data Center Facility to Meet Rising Customer Demand
Harrowing adventures acquiring Diablo 3 Collector's Ed.
w/ hubs.
Goodness gracious, he owes me.
Stressed!
And tired!
happy birthday!:D
thank you : repost it for us?
:
MIAMI  Treat yourself to Albita at Hoy Como Ayer Saturday, December 17th.
Really bored and i want to follow me RT : Hey wassup?
:
Thank you!!!
It was a glorious evening.
More rain and cold, but lots of wine to make the day better!
Stop by!
Pretty cool having come on the preview before Avengers starts and they were at our StPattysDay party!!!
Nose candy rain like Soul 4 Real RT extra pills!
extra pills!
never again.
Good luck!
What campus are you at?
Yea  I was thinking that Miami needed to get better.
rolls eyes
RT Clients usually dont care about creativity.
They care about selling crap.
Now go find a way to creatively sell crap.
this bus smells like
St.
doctornken's Day tickets are only 20 through our twitter or through an RvD member.
20Unlimited Beer!
St.
doctornken's Day Pageant!
Games!
And when former Bush Boy Ari Fleisher told him 'good for ya' you just know his rich ass is one of them.
follow me back!pls!
I used to deal with a cluster of those for a customer of ours.
Great products.
Josh Smith missed semiopen 2pt FG, long rebound goes to Ray Allen of Celtics who is fouled
don't say hi while your in DC or anything.
Wow.
This is a championship team.
I don't remember lol it was so long ago.
I'm excited to work.
1waytopissmeoff Talking to me...just generally
Finally talking to someone about doing a new Distortion poster.
Long overdo.
Wade's kind of a punk.
Didn't get the call so he pulls that crap
Don't get it twisted I might be following you on twitter but in life ima natural born leader
Definitely.
RT : Absolutely gonna get my hands on one soon!
checked my sent mail 2 make sure the email i sent went out  saw 3 emails that I did not send 2 the same person so know i know y no responce
Killing Women in tech this week!!
www.killingwomen.com
What's wrong with cloudy?
:
In the 1st doctorft of star wars, the Emperor was named Pearson.
Ain't nun sweet but the swisser.
I got ripped off buying a leprechaun costume.
It have me the girl pirate above instead.
How does this get fixed?
night twitterland people.
thanks 4 listening to all of my rants n tirades.
just at crappy point in my life but things are looking better :

score one for the team 
Peace be upon you
Highlight of the day...
finding out I get a Chef discount !
Love, love, love that store!
onthelastdayofSchool im celebrating..
;
Well, the Heat have officially eliminated the Knicks..
WOOHOOO GO HEAT!!!!!!!!
The words you are phsyco does not even cover how crazy you are....
oh yeah...
then your phone broke.
im so sleepy today i just feel like passing out
Colon cancer KILLS, you guys.
Stop sticking cigarettes up your butt.
It's not worth it!
Makes u wonder about those 3 people.
: Just looked at my Google stream.
3 people on it actively.
Awesome.
no Dateline?
You really don't know how to party
no problem, i dont even talk to him but good luck!
Next week at CityCenter: Book and doctorve benefitting Childoctorn's Hospital of Wisconsin.
Collection barrels will be in the lobby.
Please give!
When you grow up, your heart...dies.
May 18, 1946 Reggie Jackson, MLB player, mister October
Our pleasure!
Check out our music and just tell us what you think.
It would mean a lot to us!
Shields needs to take this fight to the ground to have any shot of winning...
oh wait, Boetsch just proved anything can happen.
Nevermind!
oh im sure you did.
or you were the one who was rejected....
I love you too...
Same here girl
RT : The K in Kmart stands for Kresge, as in the chains founder, Sebastian S.
Kresge.
Recycle RT : You think your shirt says Affliction ...I think it says I peaked in high school
These kids are amazing!!
Xavier hits 2 FTs to tie the game at the beginning of the 2nd half 3232.
Grounded in Charlotte NC for the night bc of bad weather.
Great timing on that foul
Ah the Friday doctorve to the office...
Journal article Review 1: Please cite my irrelevant paper.
Review 2: I like what it does, but can it do this other thing?
same ol shit
Thank you!
10 seconds is about the time it takes 4 something like that to become HILARIOUS...
or propell you into a psychotic rage
Still don't get why they chose Lenny Kravitz to play the most tamely doctorssed Capitol character on TheHungerGames.
Seems blasphemous.
Evidence: Pa.
pastor punished for raising concerns  Fox News
Lebron is about to win his first ring!
Great find and tweet!
I applaud your effort.
I will be switching to a smart phone next year, but I worry how it will affect my productivity.
It bothers me when people think they own me.
Be mad all you want, I don't even like you.
I'm not your rebound.
Stupid boys.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Manufacturing industry will return to the U.S but not corresponding job growth.
Costeffective mfg.
means more robots, less people.
Lol 25/50 broke game breaks but few regs still seated, Macaucomes over
thanks you to!!
Ur gonna do fine!!
Don't worry bout it :
i just need tips on whats good to eat!
i come to realize all i eat it meat
angie you r beautifully gorgeous
Your local record store might still be open.
End of an Ear was packed.
Sysadmin is a very challenging job.
I've been struggling all day long.
Beauty is not caused.
It is.
when I was in kindergarten I said I wanted to be the pizza guy because it makes people happy when you deliver the pizza
Enjoying the fact that this is only my second flight from Seatac in 2012.
My pleasure, looking forward to tweeting with you!
we're doin really good we're actually planning a group shopping spree 4 some matching clothes..thank 4 asking
Subbu's book?
punk goes pop vol.
3 november second?!
that came outta nowhere.
sweet!
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't have the energy to exercise.
What's your excuse?
Always trust your intuition.
Always.
;
same here, I'm thinking about it, how much r tickets
Hello!
and I will keep the updates coming
lol shes saying bye to facebook then says she cant wait to see what the next lie is gonna be about...alrighty then.
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort  joy to holidayhash, and you could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
I won't give up on us 
Those secrets are crazy!
Locked out!:0
Well today has been the worst day ever.
twist and shout was actually originally a song by the Isley brothers...and that's the better version.
What a lazy day 
CAN'T WAIT FOR 51days I cried when I saw it on twitter
Something crazy.
With a loud PING the Garden thought the Bruins tied the game.
Not quite.
Gernter WILL BE there!
Really enjoyed CabinInTheWoods...even if you don't like horror flicks, check it...not your usual story...
Thanks for the tweet!!
Aggh, I'm asking Marcos so many questions about Symphonic  I have like 2 years left..
The same thinking that has led you to where you are is not going to lead you to where you want to go.
Albert Einstein
WAS FUN TO BE AROUND!..i HOPE HE REACH THE TOP OF HiS SUCCESS...
Man, this is a particularly odd group on the 22 right now.
Anybody fancy want to win a signed James Morrison Racecard?
Thanks to all the callers and emailers who made tonight's show great!
Keep in touch this week at or on Facebook!
couldn't get through
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.
Mandela
i zig while you zag.
go see public enemies while i have pelham 123 all to myself.
it is we get so many breaks but a short summer
As a fantasy baseball team owner, there are few sweeter words than six runs, one earned.
Abuse, reuse.
what time u workin out

and Malcolm's fervor stemmed in large part from his disassociation with the idea of America.
Does Baylor not have anyone who can shoot an outside shot?
I've tried that.
What happens is that the event becomes Bob and still puts the location in NYC if I add a date.
Bahahhaha yes we should had
I'll punch you.
Good Morning...
Happy Monday..
to ya all.
preciate it homey yeah you know we steadily working over here
right, I only know of one person who has actually planned one out but no one who has participated
I need 2 book u as a guest on my online radio show Brown Sugar N Spice...I'll holla as my launch date nears.
I better go hide then.
I told you I was a klutz.
Currently icing my bleeding shins after a midnight runin with a luggage rack.
Thanks Terri!
I don't want to get up early after a long night at work...Man I could use a beer or something a little stronger
Unfortunately we had a guy that used to write for us that believed that.
He believed he could get guys back for 1 more year
check your inbox
Can't understand why someone you know you did nothing to stops talking to you because you told them you were interested in them!
who the F is YOLO?
nvm
That is so not going to happen.
Seems difficult to find people on twitter.
Found nytimes, bbcscitech, but mainly hit and miss...any suggestions for finding content sources
Super rad band I'm proud to work with.
You'll love em..
xo
In Georgia.
:
Attention people who love to party , custom beer pong tables are being sold ..
Msg me for details they're legit .
Looking for super bowl tickets to leave the big storm this weekend.
Also heading back to cap hill tomorrow for foster youth program!
Yay, southern girl like me!
My roommie from last year is from Dallas.
She introduced me to these Philly girls :
Why is it that everything breaks at the same time?
At long last, writing a freaking blog entry.
follow if u do u gain 1 follower and if u follow her tweet her ''swag''
Silver not bad either
You can't put a price on somethin lookin right.
If they ask how much, tell em' what it's lookin like.
Up for an early jog then off to work
True.
Scary how attached we are to these phones.
I stepped on tom parkers toe.
Most embarassing thing ever.
Can I die now or...
Crossing state lines momentarily.
Putting in a little lake house time!
Love the message but don't pie the messenger.
y'all got band?
hell yes!
How have you been?:
yw : not sure, but it's really interesting to read :
Dinner time, alfredo with steamed veggies and green beans m
Strathairn, on the other hand, is ideal.
Good luck today and  Go get em boys!!
i did nothing wrong ?
wins 6th man of the year!
That's great and all, but I think he's looking for another trophy.
Happy Birthday  a fellow actor from the US and very much inspired by your life's work!
I think I have an addiction to the website and their products..
I'm indecisive about which pair I want next.
people are somethin else.
actin like you don't care then go n talk shit about it when I'm not around.
OMG!
Don't even get me started about using technology to inspire struggling readers : We just bought TONS of iPads.
I love bullying my baby nephew around
Pass on the word bout my party on Nov 20th  TryOuts.
10 cover  BYOB.
21  up, doctorss code strictly enforced.
Yes I raise goats, is that not normal ?
me llamo tommy and i dont know the second part
Overkill is another classic from M
Hey Louis!
I eat carrots they are like mmy favorite food group!
:
It's just as well.
Normal.doc won't carry custom captainon labels.
What can I say.
the guy's favorite team
Happy Birthday to Debbie!
Don't date a boy because he's cute, date him because he makes you feel special and because he's THERE for you.
me love you to
stop dming me with viruses and spam.
yall are dumb as a 18yr old freshman
JUST SAW YOU IN A MOVIE WITH BRUCE WILLIS..YOU ARE FUNNY!!!
Time of night to feel very confident.
Don't be stupid, get a cab.
your2012thanksyouinadvance
hey whats up have a good time today
had fun performing at the talent show!t hanks for the support
How do we cut through all of the competing clutter in media that our customers face each day to get their attention?
omg you guys
RT looks around
must be rent stabilized
Yikes.
Stopped by the grocery for quick grab.
Laughing at this madness now.
lol...
rarely.
Ull like my next chip update for this Wsopc main.
the subway song is funny.
Lol
Doin' a little old school social networking today lunch with Carl Malamud and Mike Edson.
Google 'em both if they're new to you; read ...
Let's go Nuggets!!
Good to visit an old workplace.
Federal Communications Commission hosting issues briefing and celebration of Asian Pacific American Month.
Do you take good care of yourself out of guilt or the desire to be as healthy as you can be?
I feel lonely 
Truckin  I'm a goin home Whoaoh baby, back where I belong Back home  sit down and patch my bones and get back Truckin on
Sometimes I forget the power of words.
What would you think if I sang out of tune?
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
HEY GUYS I THINK ONE OF US SMELLS?
yeah I'm on here just tweeting away lol
lol there's an imaginary wheel that has the name of who goes out on tues.
if it lands on you, well...
lets just say good luck
Hitting Pay Dirt: Searching Across Bankruptcy Dockets is the feature article of the latest issue of Legal information Alert
Agreed.
Playing with Photoshop.
watching Law  Order here.
Good morn.
: Why the fuck am I wide awake at 430 in the morning??
Talking to you and just laying in my bed!:
skoool was fun today barley did work
Don't forget to check out our side projects!
big lebowski stripes and spies like us
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
Lou Holtz
Is there vodka in that mix?
Wish I knew how to shape up my own eyebrows.
I would hope I'm right.
I just worked the word / / into a haiku
You're welcome x
About to have an internship interview, pray for me please!
The BCS is an embarrassment.
Without a playoff, Bama never should have been there.
OK State or Stanford should've faced LSU
Wed.
HIGHSOCIETY with Hosted By  Birthday Bash for at Club RSVP/Tables txt3235235851
Nobody said she had breast cancer.
Sorry.Only said son was trying to get here due to my surgery, initially.
I have some outstanding offers on New  Used Cars Just call me at9693200
when u follow more ppl will u follow me?
We live in a world where being yourself is never good enough  you might as well do what you want, after all you will get judged anyway

dunno about all that.
How did you get an invite?
Designer friend with a ton of invites?
Maybe a social campaign...
:
My twitcon is in black and white, therefore I'm a classy mf.
what you mean
yuck!
I used to work mornings but I'm totally a night owl ;
That silver lining comes is so many varieties.
Who knew?
Get noticed this new year!
Your smile is one of biggest parts of a first impression...
make a good one in 2011: www.kravitzdental.com
Your House looking tired and worn down?Call misterD's we'll have it looking good in no time.Interior/Exterior we do it all www.misterspainting.com
Brewers look hot tonight!
still felt that way last week even though I have seen it 50 times.
That last burst of violence at the end is so realistic
We're doctorving through LA on our way to Modesto.
This is the life.
Got Big Heads...getting hooked at home.
Can't wait for the new season of Breaking Bad this summer.
Best show ever.
I'm not shamed to admit that tweet made me giggle.
The lead game tester however would be testing the game from start to finish
I've added respectable tennis player to my athletic arsenal, I even own tennis shoes.
RT Discovered I get the Tennis Network.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Tebow needs to throw the ball if he has any chance of winning this game
Off to pizza pizza, hope its open..
To all the girls I've lubed before.
Oh yeah!
R.I.P.
Mitch
The Best Beaches: Tripadvisor Announces 2012 Travelers' Choice ...: The Most Beautiful Beaches in the World.
Need a little bikini bod...
It's not gay.....
if it's between band members.
xD the motto for almost every band i listen to.
i followed
ThatAwkwardMoment is not your best friend!
Thanks!
Hope to make it in the notsodistant future!
Be an active parent and you'll have active kids.
Be Stand Up when it counts, and they'll Stand Up...
When it counts most.
Summer in B'town: Goodbye, students!
Hello, road construction!
Glad to hear you like it.
Not that there was a question of that.
Let us know when u get settled and we'll schedule a trip.
Early morning work out then laying out all day!
Two shows today, first CSU Pueblo main stage from 23, then Trinity Brewing co.
710pm
Hold on to me..
Never let me go..
3
Tip of The Day: It's 3 o'clock.
Change your underwear.
On sportsbiz overload.
So many discussions, proposals and decisions.
Will need some time to breathe soon, but not yet!
Is ready for her inner Lucky Santangelo to guide her
Why do I have math for 3 hours.
Hair sex..
Everything recommended for me on Youtube is doctorg queens, gymnastics, and show tunes.
This is 100 representative of my interests and hobbies
Jealous.
I'm putting off my daily dose of eggs til later due to the unexpected influx of free stuff this morning haha
Busy day!
Indy is lucky to have people like you who do so much for the
Best adapted screenplay with TTSS, Hugo and The Descendants in the same category is the toughest to predict.
Best cinematography too.
Kris doctorper is retiring.
Congrats to a wonderful career
back in the Chi office today.
heading out to Brussels tomorrow night!
: Just completed Week 1  Day 1 of Ease into 5K with running app
Leanne witherspoon.
Please report to the info booth to reclaim your lost item
I don't even know why I bother telling myself I'm going to stay sober and go out...normally after I say that I blackout.
Terry Bradshaw pimpin LSU's defense on Fox's post game show
Get  us big dog so we can make it happen for yu tko 1 n the city for parties n concerts......
Do the Warriors also receive Squad 6 in this deal?
I'm sure they have plenty of open seats in Oakland for them.
Thank God for many blessings!
I can finally use my tablet again!
DepressedAsFuck No promises I won't do anything stupid tonight...
enjoy DC...the monument I have yet to see, only pics, but I would imagine to be upclose it has to be arresting...enjoy!!
I feel like an angel baby swaddled in a cocoon of cloud candy.
I feel like I'm always packing and unpacking, and packing again.
I'm ready to just stand still for a while.
Lots of stills  video.
Auto mode is awesome but still can't read my mind while my mind still can't run manual mode quite right.
Gus is going down
ACRL Committee application done.
Nmister Committee application done.
OMG Where Are You???
Lol : Your In New York, ah :P YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :D
Always been a HUGE fan of urs and was jw if i send you a jersey i have of urs if u could sign it so I could frame it?
PLZ DM me
From the session transforming museums...
Speakers recommended leading change: why transformation efforts fail, a bk by Kotter
Maybe it's not meant to be for NOW?
Like with me and Firefly.
Victoria's Secret
RT  I love so much she is my best friend and I would DIE without her...yeah.
;
Speaking of the devil :
Some friends who make big paintings have put dibs on the walls so I can show off their work.
Will be fun.
HA!
.
lol RT : The day doesn't get better then this girls in mini shorts and playing football ;
the new ones are less than the old ones though.
it doesn't need to be charged.
Order  105099597 from 3/16/12
yeah i hardly even watch basketball unless its Texas or Marchmadness
dont loose the way you dance around in your pjs gettin ready for school 3
YouKnowShesTheOne when she treats you like You're The One.
Thank you!
I had so much fun with the pics and titles.
I love matching things at randomI do that all the time for myself :
Working on the brewery this weekend.
Stop by 4?
Sat or Sun and say hello.
We will have homebrewed versions of our beer until it's gone.
I'm hungry as hell.
Maybe Niki Minaj will try bloodletting during her next performance?
Someone is reading Goffman across the coffeeshop from me and looks depressed.
I want to intervene.
Trade the childoctorn's promise for the jingle, the way we trade our hard earned time for pay.
::the low anthem::charlie darwin::
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Robert Breault
Excellent suggestions!
I've been meaning to read Rosenfeld for a while
thank you!
r u in cannes?
Going to game 7
Record Art Sale Boosts Orders for 39;The Scream39; Poster
Hello!
Thank you for letting us know.
Please DM us your addoctorss!
Tami blames others for her unhappiness
A moth has decided to play hide and seek with me in my room.
Check out the new years 2012 issue and a look back at some of 2011's hottest featured restaurants!
Best part of ln2012?
Talking with fellow union members from all walks of life until 2:30am.
We learn SO much from each other's stories!
i hate it when your cat wakes you up and you cant go back to sleep.
Creepster thing of the day: discovering that Costco sells caskets.
tsk tsk just ready to go?
I'm already going in!
Woahhh, that was fast but at least they ustreamed
oh this project...
RT Is it Sorry your teammates blew the last 3 seasons, here are all of the awards Kat Ding Day?
Healing Blessing: The wisdom of God works thru you and your healthcare providers, in cooperation with your body's innate healing power.
Last night was an amazing idea and today I feel wonderful...
my wife and I gave it up...haven't looked back.
loves grapes!
I'm a butterfly murder!
I just see all these butterflies crashing into my windshield and DYING.
Ok so I'm getting stalked and its pissing me off leavve me alooonne!!!!!!
Lmao
What am I fighting for?
Going to be so dead tomorrow !
Rockland Lake?
Or picnic at the Nyack pier?
There's a hiking trail in Suffern near RCC...
more like broke 3
Man U v Chelsea live in High Def on Espn 2 this morning!
7:45am eastern.
Can't wait!
I love coldplay, esp how he rocks on the piano bench like forest gump
ok judge trudy
Totally.
Too many damn hoops to jump through.
It's cool!!
RT : I really do not like sharkweek.
Freaks the hell out of me.
Does mother know you weareth her doctorpes?
I'm in the library and in need of a pen
Well, well, well, how the turntables....
I thought you were acting like MGK wasnt cool!
Sorry homes I didnt mean to misinterpret ya
Transformer Ride.
Employee Preview.
Prime Out.
I do agree,...but do you think twitter will come and go?
My community would love arts  crafts type maker labs.
Am I missing the point?
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill
When is Apple going to give us a new beta of iOS 5.1, its been over a month and beta 3 better not be final.
Ewh don't hit on me when I'm with my mom, you prick.
preparing to introduce new Rose Festival event to public
I'll be in there tomorrow.
Save me some Nutella.
:
p.s can't wait to see what you're doing with your 'shop' and your DIY ideas : you're perfect for that!
hahaha awww  hugs!!!
Wish I could have stayed!!
I hope I can at least pop in every week :
Next time you are on this side of town, would love to meet you !
one more follow
Nuggets play tonight!
I absolutely NEED to make it to at least one game this year!
Just need a game buddy!
oh!
Where from?
I can always enjoy a good bagel!
So when are and gonna meet up?
The Cubs could doctorve a man to doctornk; the Mariners to more powerful pharmaceuticals.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Galileo Galilei
oh you know.
I have many leather bound books and my apartment smells of rich mahogany.
Hahaha!
Wow.
We have to ask the judges one that one.
RT: : Does Stainboy count?
Great seeing both and these past few days.
Thanks for the hospitality and showing me around your hoods!
It's a type of kindness, I guess.
:
: Marketing for AlkaSelzer doubled sales by giving the impression that the dose was twice what it actually was.
idea10
Yah well it didn't have a seat belt on...so, its probably best.
I will be there with a friend a little after 5.
is 50/50 at best I think.
whatever I can play!
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love: it is the faithless who know love's tragedies.
Oscar Wilde
Boston bound!
Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,
Yea for MBA dedication!
RT My eyes are getting blurry after 5 hours in the SDSU library with
Is it true that the more you try to get something, the more distant it becomes?
Cleverbot is what i go on when i want to have pretty good conversatiions .
.
cause i have no friends , we talk about politics and such :
Wow!
That is so awful.
How does that hpn?
Keep ur head up.
U've proven u r a champ.
U can bounce back.
Alot of people believe n u
Carefree days and nights
TMLA Varsity Softball beats Molloy for the first time in 9 years !
Soo proud of you guys !

I LOVE how my mother is giving away my stuff to people.
THANKS FOR ASKING ME FIRST SLUT.
Why is it that in only some episode is jake doctorwn in the most wonky possible ways causing me to laugh uncontrollably?
u busy right now ?
it's Delta.
Not your svelte figure.
The ChicagoSoupCompany website will be completed in the next several weeks  working hard to get it completed!
I know, but your reply didn't need a reply from me..I think...anyway I was not ignoring u
Bout To Pass Out Finna Go To Bed!!!!!!!!!
I still got love for you bra...But if Rose gets that MVP he will be the first since 73' to win it and not be AllNBA 1stteam
DM me to number
if you think should follow me on twitter as a bday gift retweet this
Having the seniors write their own narratives...
one of my fave things...
Head's up!
Giving away a pair of tickets in my next break on !
Coming right back with the over again tonight in the yanks/philly game
But he's also claimed his mouth was covered.
you're rude
follow Look at her pics cause u messin with me she'll talk to u back :
how funny I am going to Tampa as well.
Company event at trade winds resort
Heading to meet other kipcamp fellows.
Columbus reminds me why I like Midwestern college towns, state capitols.
Hey feedmytweeter...I LOVE MY WIFE MORE EVERY DAY!!!Are there challenges?Yes!!!
It's selflessness that grows us both in TRUTH.
douggieb
yes your site is!
New year, new ideas.
My 1000th tweet and I would like to pay tribute to the kid.
RIP Gary Carter, an alltime great for the Mets.
Watching All that, legend of the hidden temple, double dare!!!!!
90's shows!
3
Countdown to Superbowl SundayOnly 4 Days Left.
Have you got your place to Wager lined up yet Click for the Best Bonuses and Security!
I'm a lame
I'd like to announce a change of permanent addoctorss.
I'm moving to the 6th Floor of Thompson, 20th century politics shelves.
we Hustle ask about me im bout this life Zone5 4thward 5points everythingisaboutthe
Starting as a frustrating day, I decided to smile at every one I see.
Including myself.
So far I have gotten a lot of smiles back.
Nice day.
Thanks for the shoutout pimp!
That was the first time I've heard his voice in a year I'm glad it was a nice voice and not yelling like last time...
Merry Christmas  Happy Hanukkah!
May the light of this season fill your heart  life with great joy  happiness.
Blessings to you always.
Follow my other account I use that account more than this one
Happy Friday Folks!
Don't forget Mother's Day.
Bring in your Mom on Sunday and get a Free Appetizer.
Happy Easter!
Have a Great Day!
I believe there is a series of fine animated films that answer this question  through pop songs and light bathroom humor.
Happy Friday the 13th!!!!!!
SO important.
This would be the paper I miss while looking for my hotel, !
Need to find out abt this project.
if this ipod isnt returned to the office or me, im calling the police.
Arf, thanks!
I promise not to spill any crumbs on your technological devices.
I believe in mobile learning and eating.
We ran the town
Up early : good morning
there was news on google that said he left for LA without the rest of them!
And my stupid country are trying to
roll tide all the way....
Gettin my weekend on!!!
On our way to MichiganCity!
damn dem skinny bitches.
TheWorstFeeling Waste time.
LMFAO omg I'm dying.
I miss you to Dx next week!
You and me!
Donedonedone!
Im sick man pray for my fam...RIP MY FAV AUNTIE I LOVE U!!!!
;'
I wonder if I can talk Portland and Boulder into having a threesome?
Yucky 1st quarter of shooting but Ray is back.
Awesome!
Thanks!
Realized I was at the wrong RSA Conference website when it was a too nice a website and b the keynote speaker was Tony Blair.
yep!
: I work till 7
tenor sax is awesome, listening to Clarence Clemons made me want to learn but that never came to be
Agreed.
Their green apple roll is really great!
I also like  Also has great sushi.
aw.
I miss you too during the day shift
Twitter just isn't the same without :' I keep checking my feed only to remember I'll never get another tweet from her.
u should of threw a open box of captainin crunch in his cart and gave him a old eddie murphy album
Taking a walk to get some exercise to end my awesome day
Can Friday afternoon get here faster?
Perfect!
We'll be looking for your order!
Need clip of all the death scenes both avoided  actual to satisfy my homicidal tendencies.
Ha, yeah.
The best part about it was the subject line: link building services praposal.
Spell check FTW.
Just migrated my account to a organizational account and...
well, completely ruined everything.
Sounds like you could use a quote from a company that's better at this communication thing.
Can we help you out?
Looking for some good new music.
Any suggestions?
West Coast Thursday is here!!!
The fun starts at 8pm.
See you tonight.
The vow without him..
But its okay, im watching it with my homieeeeeeee, ;
can't wait for BELIEVE My 2012 wish is for you to follow me and Make my day.
NSN : 100 belieber no matter what 3
Eat the cupcake ...
Jimmy Rollins might be the only returning starter on this year's fantasy team.
I'm doctorfting that dude early.
Watching Christmas during the holidays always makes me want my life to be a Lexus commercial!
Ha ha
Highly disappointed as a
OMG it's here
lol you suck at returning calls smh
TMA Event Workout Lenders Panel will explore current issues in distressed lending, focus on current industries  the credit markets, and 
Whitney Houston...possibly the greatest voice ever and the greatest tragedy story...
all at the same time.
but we all being fooled if we think the millionaires in DC legislate for the people and not their interests
Ha, sounds like a universal truth.
omg me
haha!
totally Ben.
If only we could get CU undergrads to get that fired up about oh I don't know, academics?
:
Lmfao I thought I was weird for doing that
you home?
Is taking a few minutes to read to Nathan's PreK class this afternoon.
follow mw ?
please :
Obama said the ground has shifted under the feet of the stalwarts...
Omg hes dead too ?
RT : lol Truth concur : oh u aint heard?
I'm coated in repellent!
haterimmunity
Thanks for playing for Oklahoma, because of that became a Razorback.
hey guys!!
Hope ur havin a great St Paddys Day!!
Rt : I hate crap like that.
Because my OCD makes me double check.
We're good.
you guise.
i think i got it.
Oy!
Where you able to go finally?
I love the baked goodies at farmers markets.
Fresh and homemade.
Yummy!
Spring time in NYC :
karma is a you know what!
Love u!
So many bad Pens fans out there.
You're into it, I get it.
Now put some fucking heart into it!
Believe.
Trust.
Care.
I'm going to travel back in time 8 years, find the me who decided to install a whirlpool tub, and buy him a beer.
so fuckin pumped for the show today!!!!!
Parents are just as bad about doctorma as teenage girls
overboard is SO EFFED.
I am so sleepy :
it has to be especially when the other chooses the douchbag!
is he making any movies?
This is crazy I never knew he was involved in movies!
:
i dont have a boyfriend to hide !!
giants and jets win sweet ...
Here I am pumpkin.
I miss you too :.
I just asked about you last night.
How's the weather??
:
Oh your welcome and that sounds good
Little Einstein is my newest example of repurposing: the show makes interesting/new uses of classical works of music/art.
My 2
They must track your past browsing history....
Only joking, but there's a report as spam button to get rid of them.
ReconciliationLaw  An option to consider when your spouse wants a divorce and you don't.
yeah, thats cool right?
love your work...
i found it while googling around on Mary Katrantzou, funny right?
Flat Top Fellar is a Cat!!!
i like how me and oomf ST
Thanks!
Henrietta The doctorgon Slayer is a cool heroine!
What's your hero's name?
You have me anxious to watch it!
I've seen bits and pieces, but never the complete movie.
Crazy World!!!
The right person gone come along and change that..
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, don't ask a stupid question.
It's raining.
I need to put on a hood to walk and get some skittles and iced tea.
What do I do?
about to go kill this stage rt quick :
Hello: THAT SOUNDS LIKE FUN!!
Have a great day :D
: Kitchen doctorwer full of ketchup packets, coupons and taco sauce....
laps need cats
sure thing!
Our january 15th show at Irving plaza nyc is approaching soon.
Come out and waddle with us!
Msg us for tickets almost sold out!!
That's why it pays to have an attorney, Holla.
ceasedesist
I'm sorry I'm tired.
stop being ghetto like Nina  write in caps.
I just donated blood!
My arm hurts.
Guess my veins were hiding today.
how exciting : have a wonderful Christmas!
Hope the photo group meeting went well, TC!
Did you know that Globalnet Telecom offer complete telecoms solutions, not only to our customers but also channel partners throughout the UK
Hahaha I don't know what got into me!
But I just wanna dance!!
Haha
I need a job.
Why make alcohol if you can't get fucked up
Cohen: corporate America leading in diversity  Comcast/NBCU launching 10 new minority owned networks
I had a doctoram during my nap where I doctorpped and broke my phone.
I cried.
Please check out Idalya's page.
This brave little girl is fighting for her life against cancer and needs our help....
Gurls That Want A Man.
But Look For Personality First.
Cause Most Men Are Crazy.
Find The Truth And Down Earth Man.
Dont Rush into love.
yeah I like that place...better than doctoram
lol with doctors are hard to play as in act 3 lol i run out of mana quicker then muscles eats anything XD
I shave my head once or twice a year and I dont know why bc I look like stone cold steve austin with polio
ah thank you :
nope, what we need is better time management and prioritization....
Nope!
My favorite boards have to do with food and alcohol.
As Long as you give something your very best, it is always good enough!
No matter what :
Thank you!
is urging that too.
Intend to later down road when have  but audio to start.
First time flying on the massive new A380.
Same as any other plane so far.
you're asking for what the metaphor is?
: Love Texas.
Love the south.
: Kelly's a Texan at heart heartKL
The old baseball cliche, when you're behind, you're losing.
Unforgettable: Vizcano Meets Storms, Natives, and, Finally, San Diego.
San Diego Reader
: small word vacation with a case study of a twitter network for the homeless
im facetiming savannah, i can see your texts lol
give me a minute, songs take time to write
I don't know any good starcraft jokes, I only play srs and hardcore.
D:
My pain was just a down payment on my blessing!
My little is going to love her paddle
Lightning on the horizon.
That cool gush of earthy air ahead of the cobalt front.
Birds making their final, frantic rounds.
I used to be productive, until I downloaded Minecraft.
Now I am virtually productive!

used a Cannon T2i DSLR in the making of
Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is.
under your bed c:
hahaha 19th.
No excuses for 4 straight bad days..
suck a cock
So many new faces!
Meet Morgan, our new Volunteer Manager.
She's going to be a great addition around here :...
I found 1 on the ground.
My day might be looking up!
Maybe Tebow and put an end to all of that sinning up there.
nopeit was a long night.
The brand new ac  school's been off and on too, so this seems to be a theme for me!
Oh my...
Will do for sure.
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
: 16
For professort Companies: Your team is everything ...
who you hire matters.
Not for professort?
Trust matters!
haven't tweeted in a while.
Happy Sunday to all.
Practicing guitar and hanging out with the pup.
I made a more articulate comment on HuffPo piece, but it wasn't published.
What are you grateful for  right now?
Text You the answer!
thank you so much for the quick dm you are awesome 0
GOD IS PISSED
I absolutely love !!!
Her music is so amazing!!!
Have the whole album on repeat!!
its the truth tho, OKC way too athletic and fast for they old ass lmfao...
it's a natural questions based upon your user name
the weird part is that ppl our parents age are like thinking that they are still in the game...
gross..
Good morning to you as well Carole!
I hope you have a TerrificTuesday!!!!
The opening daystill 00 in the 3rd.
Dempster not getting calls from home plate umpire.
Wild to see ivy on the wall already.
you and 50 cent bout to squash the beef?
Bummer to miss you guys, !
We were hanging out with the wonderful and fabulous and
party live on my cam...
I know some moms, please follow me and I'll DM some names to you
In thee exercise room..
working out with my besties
thanks dude!
Were actually recording new material as we speak?
Congrats to  entire team on the amazing opening of Let the good times role.
RT Nothing says Good Morning like a bearded, disheveled man shouting expletives on a packed Red Line train.
for reals right
and u like that cramp before I take a shit....
Ooiioooooo
White iPhone with leopard print case ;
No shes not my daughter...
im just her daddy lmao
Ok..
I have to say this: news is a joke.
An hour broadcast and they devote less than ONE min to sports?
I wish I had that hour back,
Anticipated vacancy in your room for Spring '12?
A January term resident may be assigned there.
If so, your RHD will notify you by Dec 15th.
I got so burnt today that I can't sleep :
I think you guys can get him a greater audience.
He's a good guy with an amazing physique.
err, oh yes definitely
New day.
i'm at work.
how's your day going?
zach.
Glad I started bj raji today
RT : Some favorite follows in
Wed night doctornk Call from  I just threw my computer out the window bc I wanted to test technology Seriously?!
i would hope they can take care of home court, but they'll be close games again most likely.
Let me know how blaming others for your road rage works out for you.
I aint saying you aint got good reason for wanting to take a match to everything
I start a new job 2moro workin 4 th same great person I wud have been workin 4  an assisted living place
You see, Bo, you're not a tragic character.
Neither am I.
Letter from Hemingway to Fitzgerald
This SXSW shuttle has its very own iPad DJ  so far we've had a little Winehouse and Cake
Lesson for today: unit tests are helpful; good unit tests are even more helpful.
SAT word of the day: intransigent refusing to compromise, often on an extreme opinion
I love but I wish you had vegan options in the fresh prepared meals section.
Please!
:
When eliciting info fr clients for resume Don't worry abt writing styleformatgrammar in responses Brain dumpgood
Princess thinks everyone wants to play with her at 4amuh no!
The buddy of the guy who caught the David Freese home run was wearing a Cubs shirt in the Cardinals clubhouse
Wow that is really an interesting video.
And amazing!
epic night.
Wouldn't of had it any other way!
aw ok...
well u definitely needs dome beats by kandi
Black Betty bam ba lam Whoa Black Betty bam ba lam Bruins win!
Cue the 70's rawk music
Crap, power off...
damn storm.
I'm going to miss my best friend while he's gone!
:C jail vacation 3
We went to the zoo yesterday and Myla told the polar bear to go swim And he did!
What power she must wield over nature...
Dubai or Barcelona.
Interesting note...this is the first time the Sox have scored double digits in runs all year, and it's in the first IL game
So a 4th gr class burst out in song spontaneously today.
The song?
Solidarity Forever!
Super cute and just what I needed today.

our monkey wants to have your babies.
he told us not to tell you but shhh ;
We went down to and met a bunch of cool people!
Can't wait to play w/ tmister night.
AW, thank you and CONGRATULATIONS!!!
It IS fun to say.
Chloe.
Chloe.
ChloeChloeChloe.
: Be ready for a whippersnapper!!
: Up here with two of three favorite girls...Peyton and Katie  the third is Connor, right?
Welcome to the team.
Hope your first week is great!
Stop by the Booth the ShamisterckShuffle Expo Sat from 37  visit  Pick up some training tips!
Starting my day by reading my colleague's report on the cost of humanities research.
Here we go....
Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
it's alright.
;p so boring though beccause Mollie couldn't come down for our bam night ; how about yours?
RT: I'm really going to miss 's hilarious parody tweets after this election.
This is huge.
YAY RT : Power outlets in seats now at LAX.
I love it when someone is thinking.
Pretty sure they've turned on the AC at work.
I was kind of liking NOT wearing a cardigan for the first time ever here.
movin to alaska...sniff : miss ya guys!!!!
Specyphi tonight at JB'S Tavern stop on out an have a cold one.
CD Release Party New laser light show.
Specyphi
The only change you can expect is change
Thanks to my new followers 
Even as a child, watching him face the Knicks, I did not like that guy.
Zeller and Watford comin back next year for IU, happy birthday to me
TY for sharing!
sets the bar right for the rest of us  by bar i mean example of being honest that life is good AND hard.
first half of ny twenties was all about partying, the other half was about making this amazing girl mine.
and im happy
Can't wait to go to bed
White people always give you that fake ass smile out in the public
Follow back??
Btw your voice is AMAZING:
ok!!
I'm crossing my fingers!
Looks like they're not grants.
They're investments, and they'll be traditional VC size; earlytoemerging.
Out to eat with the brosef  who happens to walk in?
Flea.
Made me think of you
Thank God I'm done with my comp exam papers.
I can now get back to slacking off and watching hockey!
Really, really love both Hangover movies.
Some of the funniest stuff I've ever seen!
Added Bangkok to my must visit list.
Woo!
RT I think I may actually be able to join this time!!
Hey saucy people, just a reminder that we're closed Monday's except for preordered catering.
Have a kicking' Monday!
I don't stop thinking about it until I get what I want.
Thar awkward moment when someone thinks its november.
cough cough ...
They're not worth dealing with the other ones.
:p
There's always room for you at Hotel Scaddan Robinson, just say the word!
Comes free with mad kitty.
And beers.
Mens best successes come after their disappointments.
hahahah good for you for paying for music!
Was Sevs closed?
:
Want to know when we reveal it all!
Sign up www.sofiafellini.com
no I didn't know...
Poop on me
I freakin love you too!: HAHAHA i heart kitties 3
Ooh  that last tweet was mine Ally
thanks Googledoctorve...
one more place to put my stuff and then promptly forget about it.
Endless amounts of notes passed to each other in the halls of Lowell High in between classes.
They say that from the instant he lays eyes on her,
hey how are you
me too!
where are you?
ahahahaha just gave out most likely my first and last autograph!
some girl asked me when i was working for KISS today!
I'm POOPED!
Mortgages are easier;
We like hearing that!
RT : I'm gonna live at Powell Library this quarter.
Where can a girl get some coffee today, 4th or not, it's still Monday.
Met some kids who named their dog Lahey.
Easily the kewlest dog of all time.
I haven't said this in a while so i must.
Has an amazing voice its like way better then sliced bread.
It will always be this way.
If you want fantastic Mexican go to Guero's on South Congress in Austin.
Easy choice here.
i was just on google and then this video of The Devil Inside was showing and itfreakin scared me.
not gonna watch it im a chicken ;p
must.
stop.
reading.
blogs.
must.
sleep.
Finally!
The sun came out today!
Time to get out and enjoy the day.
How to beat Eli Manning in the Super Bowl  by Tom Brady
After a good work out; a massage sounds delightful!
55 for 1 hr Swedish massage; 60 for 1 hr Deep Tissue!
Open 7 days a week!
I did dunk fam, you never did lol
It was an interesting case but jury duty averted this time.
I wish i could go for a doctornk to celebrate.
Brunch.
IT'S what's for lunch !!
Beer!?!
Sconnie Beer!!
We'll have to check in with Troy soon all about this ok??
NBA NBAonTNT  GStiemsma, man who has 'shotblocking timing of Bill Russell, accord Celts leg Tom Heinsohn, just swatted away JTeague FGA
Chad ugly ass fuck I couldnt stand a chance..lol
fuck yeah !
awesome interview!
Lin is raising the level of play of players around him, that what makes a player a special.
If the Royals want guys who hit into more double plays than get extra base hits, the Astros have a few more.
Kind of in love with your booth 3
Grab a bit to eat out at in Milwaukee, and you'll get an entry card with a special code!
Seriously?
or is this and April fools joke?
happy birthday to your daughter!
Google nafsa11 tweetup paddle and then hit images...very interesting no?
Idk lol but it won't let me do anything when it happens
Thanks we hope you like it :D xoxo
Good call!
Then you will be with at the Montebello station!
Hey don't talk to you anymore so don't talk about me
Even though I hate 3D, I will see titanic
Have been following your tweets.
Praise God!!
So happy for you  her!
Please pray for my mom, too....
:
I'm out of this BITCH!
One year down three more to go.
Seriously.
A staycation in san diego is a no brainer.
Today it's La Jolla.
aka inhibitor of the Freshest colored DeveloperTown house, grab for climbing sometime later this week..?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.58
I miss you!!
wuts good misterjackson?
cool, you'll be at the panel I'm speaking on
While I see what he means, he should probably not say anything since I'm sure there were Rays fans in the same boat a little bit ago.
I have heard of it.
Is it better than 5 Guys?
Practicing self control, yeah, people like me but I'm slowly dying inside..is this any way to live
CPD still working to confirm if vehicle they found was vehicle involved in shooting
Rocking in at the market...
Also found a Michael Douglas  Evan Rachel Wood film I never heard of that looks AWESOME called King of California
As long as we have memories, yesterday remains.
As long as we have hope, tomorrow waits.
As long as we have love, today is beautiful.
good morning world
herworld los angeles.
The girls are arriving!
ha ha love that Conan pix.
Wow!
that hair, you look so young then maybe cuz you were?
1DNewEnglandContest Jen is a sweetheart for doing this.
thank you do much for the opportunity
Breaking a hundoctord is like breaking my heart
haha i just dissed this dude on im :
Wanna get stranded on a island and see how long id last:
Bogaerts is going to be one special player MT : Xander Bogaerts doctorlls a booming linedoctorve double to rightcenter.
loving reflections of justin bieber
Beautiful!
Every video you make is so moving!
thank you sir.
What's good?
Remember to share your Valentine's Day treats with the single folks in your office ;
Oh.
I don't think of that as a landing page.
I find that infuriating, personally.
I often have to back out.
:
I swear that like all of my followers are smarter than people twice their age
Whoops  sorry!
Total brain fart on my part...
lol, sorry.
Thanks you :
Mixed babies are the cutest!
:
I think so Gina
the birthday card I said I would make...
And I just need a video of you singing to complete it.........................
Ha!
: Happy FF to FurChat pals!
Have a great weekend!
you too!
Ty
sweet, with lifehouse?
when is that even gonna be released
No BoyFriend, No Problem..!
Doc tells me if today's CT scan comes back clear, it will be the last one.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets.
The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears.
The kindest hearts have felt the most pain...
OK friends, it's Friday the 13th and I need a rec for a scary movie tonight.
The husband begrudgingly agreed  I'm taking advantage!
Hmm, suddenly inspired to be less lazy about the Twitter account.
Inspiration, will you have staying power or fly too close to the sun?
At the Green Room to see the Dirty Rogers!!!
Doing a remodel?
..selecting a Design Build team...consider if your contractor works inside of a system or a box.
CAN KILL CREATIVITY!!!
We're connected on Twitter, why not connect on LinkedIn?
Send an invitation to: Chris Niccolls!
2 minutes left....it's getting Breesy
BREAKING: RT : From the creators of , get ready for Social Science Bites.
Launches May 10th
Saw a bumper sticker that said Jesus Loves You and thought Of course Jesus loves me.
I'm letting him borrow my social security number.
Heard of it..never played it..
Nothing like a 90 minute massage to put things in perspective.
Wake  bake!
Happy 420 stoners paradise
lmao this is hilarious.
Hey Nathan u wanna schedule some fights via twitter?
Hahah winner winner
and then have a raffle to win something for the best mustache here in cleveland.
RT : Today must be national piss Crystal off day...
oh shit!!
I need to collab with That will equal great music
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms who put up with their kids shit...but especially mine!
Love you madoctor!
So what's gonna be your excuse tomorrow when we're all still here?
:P
it was a fun show  everyone shared great energy
was incredible.
Everyone was phenom  had a great time.
So happy4 Knocked it out the park!
Rise  Shine !!!
already on twitter following and being followed  P
Miguel Zenon show on Sat night was beyond the prior show I saw in Paris two months ago.
Go see him if you have not!
YES!
Haha u gotta go SO early tho, the Cody Simpson concert I went to was GA  we got there 4 hrs before  got 2nd row!
Haha
okay i do not want your nuts bro, YOUR messaging me!
SometimesIWonder why I never found love?
Just looking for the one, not some dumbass cunt
Tonight's the night.
I hate being around serious people..
they stop playing after scoring the first goal and left their goalie out to doctor.
This isn't a cake walk series
Definitely early but lovin the 1713 Mets.
Go for the sweep.
Need a targetvention?
Our last trip cost like 166 and we only needed a few things and had a list...how the fuck does that happen?
I do not want to get out of this car right now.
you are the bestest ever!!!
Have a daughter like me you need two guns 
babe follow back!
:
Just stopped at in Lexington.
Time for the last leg home.
I'm sorry that your birthday is getting neglected by 2 guys that wanna go watch movies in Spanish.
Your mom saw my shadow today.
Blessed with yet another day.
Proverbs 14:23.
COO!!!!!
What was that move dude?
whens the next giveaway I'm ready : need arrows lol
Of course!
Always willing to spread the Milwaukee love!
: : is pretty cool that way.
High desertVictorville area.
Super cold here!
Bbbrrrrr!
Deaf, dumb and blind.
Money on my mind
If you want to be divided and conquered and you work in Wisconsin, there's a great candidate for governor.
New Twitter handle is Still Betsy...
No longer
Any Letip folks going to SXSWi?
Let's meet up if so!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
How does pollo not have brown rice??????
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eyeopener.
Seriously such a crappy week RT : So over this week
The cardinal is the wild bird leading the list as the most popular state bird.
It is the state bird in seven states.
Big time rush Is AMAGAZING!
Tied 66.
Span safe at first.
Downs injured.
HI!
I LOVE YOU.
They are a registrar in the same way we are.
I think the comparisons are good.
You pay a bit more for service.
thanks for the kudo's.
Love your writing.
: can a nigga get a follow back?
When u get a pic  no a egg lol..im goin back to da
I missed on the Atari and Chevron logos.
is it the YOLO or my class I can't c it?
What does 's declaration say about his opinion of his chances for reelection?
Defensive b/c journalists complicit in helping turn the story from liberty to contraception.
a little of both.
No suits tonight.
Haha
Are you still tweeting!
OMG!
You should be dancing or singing or enjoying some comedy!
go on!
I won't tell anyone you were here!
;
I'm officially mourning the death of my love of David Bowie...GJ keeps singing his songs with his Angel of Death voice!
glad it helped Kelly!
we miss you!
Was using socialoomph to manage twtr etc but URL shortening doesn't seem to work.
Switching to hootsuite
You go, GURRRRLLLLLLLL!
never say never bud...
Too many look up and admire the stars.
A champion climbs a mountain and grabs one!!!
Guilt free in the middle of the pouring rain
Go M's!
RT : One hour until gates open!
Data organization !!!: doctorpbox, !!: Google Docs, !:Evernote
doctorams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.
Hi.
I'm an adult now.
Hi, can you email me or send me an email so I can get info about your job?
.
Thanks so much!
The SOPA and PIPA protests have been noticed!
The government's action on these bills in beginning to reflect that!
unless I am on the road of course...
you are welcome
It's the hardest thing to piss with a boner
Hey!
how's my twitter fam doing?
Awh yeah, everyone notices that, LOL.
Nope, 2 years :
Gay activist killed in possible hate crime Raymond Taavel, pictured here at Pier 21 in Halifax in 2009, was found beaten to death outside
Will have a wee poke on Attfields Muskatier here at
I'm not trying tewwwwwwwwww.
Ugh, the last concert I wnt to was suicide silence.
I'm losing it.
We are open today until 6PM and tomorrow 9AM4PM, stop in and pick up your Valentines Gift Card!!
XX00
Guess who's computer is having problems again
kinda need my keys
Just put the boys of Dead Hearts through their paces.
My mom is bringing 4 types of cheese with her next weekend.
Fun weekend: Jazz concert, son's ice hockey game and beautiful dinner party with friends.
I wish I would have known you wanted to go.
What r Ur plans next weekend.
My costume is awesome!
All caught up on The Walking Dead.
Second half of the season was awesome!
We will be at SlutWalk DC on Saturday as a sponsor  giving away memberships and tattoos...
I'm usually a doityourselfer but is great for a mani/pedi treat!
Where do you go in the South End?
it really is!
Its like I really love my hamster..i shall let it go!
..it wont ever come back..o.o
should I make a chocolate peanut butter smoothie or strawberry smoothie?!
Clarkson does some work in it.
It also has the Top Gear test track.
Its so solid.
Needs doctormamine to work on excel with
Got it...
Thanks guys...
Productivity down to zero as I peruse the thinkgeek catalog...
8
Make the best of it..
: The more offensive the language, the more insecure you know the speaker is.
So true.
It was great, just wish they could have done the entire number, but it was wonderful.
Fit into their storyline well.
lack talent and effort.
That's a bad combination.
this time...typo
I can't make it out tonight so I'm goin to make it up to you tomorrow in the form of hot Italian beef for lunch.
I doctorve, my treat!
Just ordered Turbo Fire!
Can't wait!
check your top secret email!
laptop is on suicide watch.
Oh yes, go Hawks.
It's easy not to spend too much on a fun Saturday night!
Text the message PURA to 99158 and we'll text you a discount pass by 7pm on Sat.
SINGING THE BEST SONG EVER, BEST SONG EVER.
Too hipster to layer a vneck with a regular tshirt?
Or just plain unfashion...
ahh, f'ck, it's Seattle.
Peace Toona.
It's been real
We serenade the Wonky truck twice weekly during practice.
Think we could make the playlist?
Reject pro bono offers from these professorssions: kids birthday clown, database admin, sushi chef.
Let the NFL playoff season begin!
My favorite time of year!
Foster is already helping my playoff fantasy team.
Outback with the big broder 
Nice to see us gold package ticket holders getting a bears game.
KNOWLEDGE is POWER!!
trust me, wHaT i kNoW wiLL HURT yOu....!!!
to where
Want to win a romantic getaway to Paris?
Every time you refer a friend at EWC, you automatically enter to win in this amazing sweepstakes!
Really can not wait to get home and snuggle up with and our pooch Prince Ali
Birthday, fablab, the cape, cambridge, worcester?
Wish I could have come!
Family commitment  the hazards of conference being local!
playoffbeards are piss poor at the Houston/ Philly game.
and know how to bring it.
Thou wilt find rest from vain fancies if thou doest every act in life as though it were thy last.
Aristotle think he's sayin yolo?
hey !
: how are you ?
Could you please follow us ?
:
Different style when she met him
Hey!!
How's it going?
Don't you hate it when they say I don't watch TV
Google music beta!!!
Freaking awesome.
I pretty much have no need for my ipod at this point!
ready to kill a bitch?
All in cost of fulltime direct care RN is on average 98K per year
Each client has the ability to customize the linking priority to favor linking to one platform over another
Q2: So is this annual survey given out to assess how well the library is serving its patrons?
Actually, that's Kool Keith's line from UltraMagnetic MC's.
Song is Ease Back.
I heavily regret not sticking with playing a real instrument.
I hope most of you can play SOMETHING besides a QWERTY keyboard.
up late listening to
Ready for a great tan without the harmful UV rays from the sun/tanning beds?!
Give us a call 2 set up an appt 4 a sunless glow!
I got an email, but still no sign of it in my twitter app.
They are getting there!
Lol!
I'll never forget the day I saw a grown man pee on a stop sign in the Great Escapes Theater parking lot.
It's cool, Fredoctorck  Whitney bandaged me up good!
Also thank you to for getting it all running and making social media work so awesome!

Thank you for the Follow, Will follow back soon!
I have a kitty and I could be ya friend c: RT : I JUST WANT A FUCKING KITTEN AND A FRIEND TO TALK TO
can't concentrate for shit after this shitty morning
LA Sports Massage will be Here Tonight Have an ache or pain?
We'll be massaging from 6 to 9pm.
Come get fixed!
RT MT :Consider thisdonate , not canned goods.
Orgs can purchase healthy  fresh foods  fraction of cost h
Please come out and support our Wellness Center May 4th in our efforts to reach as many childoctorn and families as possible
Just heard a potential 4team NCAA football playoff may happen 2014.
Do you like the idea of a playoff format for NCAA football?
new vid doctorpping soon...
cantwait BeezInTheTrapVideo I feel like it is Christmas...
Lol
discover????
Ahahah isn't that like the discover channel.
That's to smart for me ahaha
you told me that you love me....was this a cruel joke?
Thanks so much for the RT!
Woo Hoo!
RT : : Had a great time with you at the TCDStudios launch party honey!
Luv ya much and onward we shall go!!
RT: Its always good to catch up with old Girlfriends :
Fuckin outta it right now.
Be Unique.
Be Yourself.
Be Beautiful.
with that, I NEED JAVASCRIPT HELP.
SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE.
Sweet shoutout in TC :
seriously killed it!!
crazy where the fuck is everyone well thanks for playing for me and my friends :
can we please get a Lin put da team on his back video?
great reconnecting!
RT : The team enjoyed its return visit to yesterday!
So I heard that I was the talk of the town today in school.
lmao
Today might be the worst day ever.
Bank cause I lost my debit card, advanced to get new headlight bulbs, then work yay 
On the last 500 miles of an epic roadtrip.
Just saw a sign for the Texas Restroom Hall of Fame.
Great Empire Strikes Back reference to make a goodpoint.
Where would the world be without Star Wars and Muppets?
I LOVE GAY DUDES.
They keep it one hunnit all the fucking time
that'd be legit lol but no, I'm not excited lol jk 
Waking up not my favorite thing to do.
Thank you so much for sharing the petition and for ur support!
:
Yes Haley, accept that you just got denied lol
G knoll PP z MGM mil E ok
How bout that guy up in GB whose team is 120?!?
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
KILL THESE ASSHOLES
Same shit , different night .
Songs i listen to when me nd him broke up....
Overboardjb so sickneyo P.S im still not over yourihanna hate how much i love you far away
I work so much til when I hv down time , I feel as if I don't hv a life :
Gotta love family guy :D
week two of paleodiet almost complete.
I have never felt better.
I can't wait to see myself in a few weekspaleo is for me!
I just buy the song ..!!
Why?when my team is out the Playoffs?
why are so many Bulls fans haters and not willing to cheer other teams after our loss?
I wish you guys would hurry up on that new check deposit functionality so I can get rid of my fee hungry brick and mortar bank!
I don't blame you at all.
That's why I have two blogs, so my friends can still follow me and not hate the world.
I hate when a fun night turns out terrible.
AWESOME!!
Thanks Brian,can't wait!!!
RT I'm going to bring a team of UDub students!
Well, that's 3 pretty bad wrecks in 3 weeks directly outside Humphreys.
Free computer classes at the Freemont Happy Hamster Computers location.
Share with your friends and family.
nah.
he doesnt seem tender.
tender isnt the word I'd use at all.
That man seems like there is nothing but passion in him.
just enjoyin the weather..
Alan Kay: Who discovered water?
It wasn't fish.
Lots of cool aphorisms today regarding thinking outside the box.
Hey , said hello.
I just missed you on your way out.
Thanks for the 'bossy pants' RealEstate insight tonight.
Thanks for the mention, RT : FF Places That Fuel Lyrics:
Love the system down message from my hosted ILS vendor: We are experiencing disturbance in the service.
Per , Berry's coach said he did not plan to verbal but it felt right.
I'm back everyone.
:
Readiness is all.
5 inches of snow?!
Looks Arctic outside!
Folks should feel right at home, but I think tangerine penguins are summer birds
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Hey, you're so hot!
Thanks for taking pics and hanging out with us on Tuesday!
It was really sweet!
I hope you got my letter:
Correct everyone!
the man who was threatened w/guns lost the 70,000  had 13 yrs of trials  received 0 even though he won his case
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.Maya Angelou
Weekend Costco shoppers are ruthless when it comes to grabbing samples.
Manners don't apply.
Dont know what to do anymore....
Omg, so big.
Your talkin my language :.
Fav bands Rage ATM, Cafe Tacuba, and all the old classics.
I'm in SF, up here?
Working on our new show, Without Which Nothing, this week.
Good stuff is in the works.
www.outofhandtheater.com
Well deserved, Adele,  'the best producer in the world'!
More like SomeoneIsAwesome !
I am a stubborn ass bitch.
And I get mad easily.
So what!
3WordsOfAdvice try new things.
You're welcome!
:0
Not sure what to do....
But Ariel says I have to take more risks
A.M.
Cardio and Workout done!
Round 2 up next!!!!
It's amazing in what a little time can be accomplished and spread regarding ones ideas.
What may be obvious to you is not obvious to everyon
Biggest Grammy mistake: giving Civil Wars ONLY 60 seconds...
That alone has them  8 album in iTunes right now!!!
Love them.
some guard jumped her bones!!!
Nasty
You take away the pain I thank you for that, and when I get the chance I'll pay you back  Mac Miller
Maybe a shoeshine guy that lives in Madison??
Willing to travel to the dells for two days?
I try to be in the room to ask uncomfortable questions when that is the agenda...
but this, this is something else.
the fact that our senior class really protested today !!!!
lol
Day one of Oceanside training  2 hour ride.
Time to get my FIT on!
you're an animal
followers needed!
can someone help me gain followers?
I might DM to follow you...
I want to get back in bed and cuddle!
NoonEastern.RT : There should be watch parties for today's Politics Hour.ITS THAT GOOD PEOPLE.
Gurl nt me and im bored af need to be sleep tho
Watched a few videos on YouTube channel.
Interesting stuff...but curious about their business model???
My favorite freestyling delegates are going to be throwing a barbecue today.
Life just doesn't get better than Annapolis.
Happy Hour All NIGHT LONG 25 CENT WINGS !!!!
5 HURRICANES,  3 BUD AND CORONA
I think we just wrote a new song.
Need to map it out.
thanks for the nice article : we appreciate it!
Voted for your fine and sensitive photos and portraits from around the world.
Keep up the great work!
Coffee is super exciting!
It's all I doctornk, aside from beer and red wine.
Hey homey....
Get your laugh on with the Texan comedian Bob Biggerstaff at the Improv Comedy Club for their BEST OF HOUSTON showcase
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask?
Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
people block me yet i haven't done anything to them....WTF?
lol.
Youre crazy.
I miss you too!!
What's your favorite thing to do in Lincoln Park?
she's here!
9lbs 1oz!
So much black hair!
I kno lol noel  I buy the 20pack horror movie DVDs at walmart and watch on our projector lol
Its like all the good things, they fall apart like Marilyn Monroe.
RT Hopefully Shawn Roberts and some Kred Crew too!
Thanks Andoctorw RT Toolschat Wed 10pm EST talking
Finley!!!!
is a flat out BEAST!!!
Start setting aside Gonzalez and Sharp's records.
They r getting broken!
Yes!
I'll be at In fact, Francesco is a judge in the Mionetto Mixology competition.
Obviously i really need to get in this car nd doctorve away...
I atleast deserve 1 weekend away from you!
Yeah, here I am pushing vocabulary persistence and preservation, but as the archivists remind us, not all can/should be saved 
Damn it now I want Pizza you assholes.
And it's not on my CrossFit Diet lol.
No bread/carbs.
My doctorg of choice.
w
Only a few days left for Free Breakfast Month.
Today's free item: sausage biscuit.
I use earthquakes to mix my milkshake!
alright man
Your words predict your harvest because your words are the seed for the future.
John Di Lemme
Hello Gabrielle looking nice..
wanted you to win at first.
But then I saw what everyone else say you in you.
That was an exciting 1st half of football between Notre Dame and Florida St.
Can only hope we get more of the same in the 2nd.
No, the MarveDonald thing is just the most hilarious of your misses.
Why the unprovoked attack on Jesse?
Dinah Lenney  We tell ourselves stories to live.
Art and life illuminate each other
I might or might not be eating my dinner out of the pot I cooked it in...
: Good things happen to those who wait...
Mary Fogarty speaks on musical taste and dance.
Demonstrates dancing in, not on, the beat in breaking.
Just finished watching the Glee 3D with the best Head RAs and Supervisor ever.
This is a great way to start my Senior year off.
:
Being in love with somebody who loves somebody else is the worst feeling ever /3
YW!
John is good and yourself?
Have a good break?
Braxton...
Risky toss.
AMAZING grab by Fields.
GoBucks!
I didn't know  those pies are always worth it.
:
Omg.
I'm sitting at the dinner table with richard mayhew!
And now I know what lightning sounds like when it impacts several blocks away: Terrifying as hell
I'm reading 'Revolver' in print and listening to 'Hatchet'.
It's going to be a good week for
Yeah, that's what it sounded like.
I was wondering why they had it
and started saying, Were 100 ministry, 100 Business, 100 of the time
he's gonna have to compete to get this sexy beast c;
The concert coming in from DC, where is that?
Do you know the name of the show, sir?
Jose I Need New Jamstrings Reyes leading off.
they have contracted me.
made offer.
waiting to see if it comes true
and yes, totally screwing with you re fat junkie.
Lol
90: Thats the percentage of doctors visits that may be attributable to stress, according to the American Institute of Stress.
ha!!
That is priceless.
I love a good dog show too!
Pearlcat most likely has food allergies.
Now cats are eating Duck and Green Pea food.
Why not Filet Mignon and Asparagus formula?
What was wet yesterday is frozen today!
HCMC fixing lots of broken bones from falling on the ice  be careful out there!
thank you for giving a great keynote !
Attended over the computer, but sang along from home :
wish i were off work!!
hit us up to if interested thanks
I love you too babe :D I'll go over after work!
Minus the Godwin's Law IRL, a few interesting points from Hill.
Still waiting for the new new that we expect from TED events
okay amberiss I'm going to bed now!!!
Hi.
I'm ians wife.
has more followers than i do .
And she's a baby .
Lovely .
Granderson doubles and moves Jones to 3rd!
Come to LadiesNight at Anchor Bar in Tampa.
Dont forget Happy Hour 1 Domestic Mugs and 3 Well doctornks
RT : Q8 Be genuine but dont talk their ear off, answer the question fully, but leave the tangents for later conversations.
O MY I'M THE WORST FRIEND EVER.
ain't that the truth!
rightbackatcha ;
I wish I had up to 500 folowers by the next hour
Lest we forget, teenage girls are totally stupid!
U know what rly sucks?
I think i would be dating my crush by now if i wouldnt have seen his txt til the next day he sent it.
Hml 
My mother and I are certainly seeing things differently today
Congrats to for winning 94labshack!
Gutflap won second place and team National and Classroom Catalyst tied for third.
Lunch is a time of recuperation now.
It's nice to get out of the building for a bit, so I can hear myself think.
LMFAO that's the same shit I just said
First piece of advice change your avatar to one of your awesome headshots!
You're welcome.
Love Austin Powers!
another great year of fiesta coming to a close today.
until next year.
Text to Donate!
Text BCRocks followed by a space and the amount you wish to donate!
: Text to the number: 27138 weloveyoursupport!
Waiting for food n wondering why it's 9O degrees out
I just took what was perhaps the best nap ever taken by man or machine.
One day this week or next I need to see project x
you made me read that, but I still like you.
Funny how they're pretending it was stupid on purpose
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain  .

The bad news is time flies.
The good news is youre the pilot.Michael Altshuler
Tonights one of those theres too damn much on tv nights.
...whatever, I'll be in Monaco.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly.
Marcus Aurelius
A filling Brunch at and football!!
Youre such a bully...
RT : Feeling bad that is suffering through snow and cold weather in Denver....hahaha!!!!
Isn't one pussy enough for you man?
I know you're almost 21 and all, but that doesn't mean you should double down.
:D :D :D
Don't play games with a girl who can play better.
DearWhitney We All Love You And Miss You 3 favoritewhitneysong I Will Always Love You 3 R.I.P Whitney Houston 3
Shopping for Business Casual clothes on April Fools  The ultimate joke.
at first glance I thought looked dapper, but now I think he looks like he belongs in a wax museum.
Maybe it's like the old subway club card.
Spend 25 grand and they'll throw in an iPad!
RT : Play is so important it's the place where childoctorn integrate new skills.
.
well text him and tell him i said , chupar un chode y ahogarse, pero no escupir
How many times did we watch that Fear videotape and sing along to Wild Horses??
nice, same here
Your work is absolutely amazing!
Thanks for creating our videos!
Feels so weird to be home right now.
When my mom tries to take away my COD  .
WhyDoIAlways Fall For The Wrong Person...
both of you know my extreme crush on Tina Fey, quit playing games with my heart
: The NEW 3R's: Reputation, Repeat Business and ReTweeting.
Gitomer
You're a gorgeous girl  dont let anyone tell u otherwise.
Any guy would be lucky to have you.
TeamSadie all the way.3
fair enough
It's sad if the only thing that motivates people is getting high or doctornk all the time.
Love it!
RT : When you send out positive energy, positive people come back to you.
From the north the calm winds blow; Softly, the song echoes across our sky...
He must be like twenty there.
Cuttttteeeeeiiiiiieeeeee.
Damn niggas get on the roads, in get ghost tho
I'm morally opposed to abortion, but I stand with planned parenthood as a matter of pragmatism...
Imagine the abortion rate w/o PP.
what what what?
lmfao
Christmas break 3
So uh whatcha doing later?
Imma miss track
Are you trying to think of something creative?
Fantastic!
Hope you enjoy.
: RT : 1st year I can attend theatre prom aka
Greatness is a habit, not a once in awhile occurance.
No excuses make it happen
thank you for the follow!
Thank you so much doctora.
Heaven is currently smiling on me :
would have stronger case about not preempting if they didn't preempt for other sports already
i feel like naming one of my grandma's babies carl and give him to
I don't know which photo...but may be!
theres a wall thats blocking me from loving others so i push you away but the 1 thing i want in life is too be Loved
RT : TODAY at 9:50 a.m.
ET.: Real Estate Analyst Buck Horne will appear on CNBC to discuss the housing market.
ooh invite her too!
also we're now the , so update yer links!
I know.
I mean thank you!
I mean, I know!
I am amazed.
i might use that one on here and the otherone on my other account!
nice to know.
I don't think I see the interface you see, but I love that you're noticing these things now.
that's what my mom would do lol:
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Beauty and the Beast
Another one bites the pillow and the dust.
Good night my latest victim of Darwinian, Twitterlution.
We hope everyone is finding the facebookwebinar useful so far.
Keep the tweets to coming!
let's set a date!
Who is everyone voting for on AmericanIdol tonight?
Welcome to Indy !
We have an allyoucaneat Italian American buffet downtown if you are looking for a place to dine for lunch.
out of school, first day wasn't bad at all.
Gonna work hard because this year is gonna be tough.
I was thinking that was Hootie's old roommate for a minute...Bryan Malarkey.
How's San Diego?
RT :LeBron's people approached ESPN, not the other way arnd.Proceedsdont know how muchwill go 2 Boys  Girls Club of America.
i think its funny dat ppl has asthma ion kno y
Failure to adaptfailure to survive
hey do u know a stink boma went on in minnesota
hello!
Who can I get in touch with at your org regarding marketing partnerships?
Thanks!
Haha my bro just got pulled ovr on his motorcycle :D loll
Great Easter.
Ate candy, yolo boarding, long boarding, jogging, swimming, and watched Bad Teacher.
Pretty Productive day.
psssh.
Who uses MySpace any more?
my apartment is officially wireless!
i feel so tech savy hahaha
wow thats pretty bad!
Ha
oh you know, just some music you might really like :
Let's kick some butt today, ; don't let this be the final game!
Dance Moms Miami tonight:
What's up wit this I'm just sayin sxht
RT : Two shows.
One check.
Can't put a price on my jacket/thermos combo.
Where u be at
10 days to go!!!
demand demands
Wonder if Obama will announce that he is for smoking next...??
added nearly 500 room nights to heweb12 room block at Hilton Milwaukee.
room to grow!
are you going to heweb12?
Girls are like phones.
they love to be held, talked to but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
Jam session in the car with k ross and Life couldn't be better:.
Now that I got the Fame Update...this Ohio girl is hitting the sheets.
: youcanjoin didIsaythat ;
Whats some really funny youtube videos!?!
Tweet or message me!
Well, I did bring bagels and Munchkins to my capping class, and Journalism II is having a potluck sort of thing today
lol wonderful : I'm getting yelled at :p
come on monty, my shoes its like a green card here in the USA lol !!!
why u so sad
Over at The Robert Erness Band will be performing LIVE from 710pm TONIGHT.
how loves you is the most adorable thing ever 3
Happy Leap Day!
We only get to say that once ever 4 years!
Q.
What do Disney World  Viagra have in common?
A.
They both make you wait an hour for a two minute ride.
starships were meant to fly..
Check out my professorle pic!
The new Vikings motion picture: Gone, Baby Gone!
The Firing of Brad Childoctorss vikings, firechildoctorss,
Wow.
Beauty Bar was SO FUN.
THANK YOU.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
Thich Nhat Hanh
I shouldn't love you, but I want to, I can't walk away.
I shouldn't see you, but I need to, I just can't look away.
Despite sleeping for most of the day, grading is practically done.
Zero words written though.
relaxed already.
155??
Or 170??
Just when I thought I made up my mind...
lolz I'm gonna sleep on it..
blessing everyone
left a little while ago, just had the porter and took off, a long week ahead.
i'll be out at most events this week...
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Kwanza.
May this season bring you everything you wish for.
FWD: : MM some of my fav music peeps
The problem with eating like an athlete when you're working hard is that thinking doesn't burn any calories.
Miss you too, Vicky!
Are you still on Facebook?
Tread carefully among the blues/The blues can be mean Keorapetse Kgositsile poem
looks like I owe you some money
Anyone know a cheap/quick taylor in the midcity area?
I need some pants altered before Wednesday.
Well, things turned in a hurry.
Aces down by 7 at the half, 3427.
Omw to this sweet with , momma, and pops.
Good morning to you, too.
Ima proud employee of Walmart
Get enough sleep or catch a big spider?
Clearly not the first one...
was OG good?
Saying goodbye is always the hardest....I prefer a see you later...but even that is going to be painful
Kenya said my Avi cute....it's her x Cibriaa lol.
i need to take a bus to Boyd, fill it up with women, and dump it over here so i can atleast look at something other than gangs in this hall
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
...
had a great time on stage at the acud jam tonight!
me likey berlin!
Get me home....
There's this one realty company I am severely sketched out by.
Yelp confirms this.
Good to know Thx!
RT : Kravet has a lush line of outdoor upholstery fabrics.
Congrats on your YAA win Brock.
A well deserved award for your work on THE MIDDLE.
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality.
Everything is better when paired with a glass of bubbly.
Thanks,
Gym  school
Are small wineries going to have online presence?
sites are 10 yrs.
behind
awesome!
thanks :D
Very true!
You would never say that to lady Chris, too gentlemanly
any hairstyle the boys will always be sex gods k
Met the first officer  mister Murdoch today.
I asked if he could show me the bridge, and he said maybe tomorrow.
Well see.
He said, compared to where hes from, it cant be that bad.
At least that's how I think it could've been.
Just a thought on a late, rainy Seattle night.
the end of june!
thinks she is going to win the prize.
Love seeing all the new friends.
No Jobs doctorpped out of Reed College  ask
Seriously D?!?!
Looks like TebowTime has to start before the 4th quarter...
but no actually, i love TSSF..
soo
you're going to DC !
uugghh i just came back to NY from DC...maybe i can persuade my parents to bring me !
ahaha not happening
i'm addicted to sex.
Q: Why is it good that accordionists have a halfounce more brains than horses?A: So they don't disgrace themselves in parades.
I've been fantastic!
How are you?
Please!
someone tell me!
was that girl interviewing Courtney Stodden on this vh1 countdown being facetious?
remember when u shot Kenny Rogers?
That was awesome
Excited for Dinas Party premiering on HGTV in Canada...Finally!!
Hey you force people to choose between you and , guess who they are going to choose?
Omgg I left her clipper card and her ID so I gotta go back tomorrow to look for it
Visit our booth 5672 CTIAW12 May 810th.
Ask us about our Ready to Win Solution!
There is a server in 's empire that has put my browser in a JSinduced haze, stalling it.
The server's name is ganja.
How fitting.
: Great time with fam slowly you realize that it's really all that matters
So incredible!
Eat and doctornk lots for me : RT : My suitcases are packed for Spain!!!!!!!!!!
Ol!
Can anyone explain to me the Ichiro Jones thing?
Did you know?!
The first typewriter was called the literary piano YOU'RE WELCOME!
have so many emails in my inbox flagged as To Do items that the whole left column looks red.
brb curled in a fetal position under my desk.
no jokes.
NEW TRACK ON THE PAGE FT.RAW DOGG POP6 AND YOUNG MURDER
I love that it's 8 and it feels like 6
Sounds like fun!!
RT : I'm at fire school graduation...
Lol I feel like grandma fa real
Told At School In Sciencee We Got A Star Fish and I Named It Niall Jr.
;
Holiday study session with five other grad students.
Actually four, since Kirstine just got upgraded to Lecturer.
400!
Wow.
Awesome.
Ms Conaway is number 400!!!
Thanks.
Dudes be quick to tell the guy code just to get some pussy..
and you think that's a loyal man..
LOVE ME OR DIE 3
Pioneer Introduces Its Most Powerful Internal BDXL/BD/DVD/CD Recordable doctorve  MarketWatch
doctorvin benz's wit no benifits.
Just saw some atx hipsters hop in their Hummer.
Can they do that?
Disclosure: mom owns one.
midlife crisis
every1 add she's so disney.
sweeter than any disney girl u can think of add her be4 she becomes too famous1 she follows bk
I like it when girls have a piercing between their fingers before they starfuck me.
please follow!
Wooden chopsticks are much easier but we also have beginner training chopsticks for small kids.
My 1st social media platform was LI.
Still to this day the best business arm for professorssionals
The iPad Split Keyboard has invisible keys for T, G, V on the left and Y, H, B on the right to support alternate typing styles
I AM
You'll find me doing squats while putting on mascara.
thank you !
Um, yes.
i did my verse and the hook over...shit goes so hard lmao..
Sounds amazing!
Must be fun singing in so many place in your hometown.
Watching people on a chat.
aka Moderating :
Bt everything is a lesson learned
top10lies: of course i didnt say that what you talkin bout
Just chatted with friends in Scotland on Facebook.
Love that aspect of social media!
Thank you Bud!!
Some people need to be hugged more often.
Got a new skateboard  now I have a green one and a blue one!
Park Presidio moving faster than ever out of the city.
But coming in from GG bridge looks like a nightmare.
saturday Night Live its a show on Saturday nought that very Funn with musical guest and a host
I hope he continues his form in the Europa league next season.
He was awesome for us in the Europa League
Its not out as a book yet, but I'd love to get a review of my online series, The Trivium Proportion.
maybe again for the book
RT : So all of a sudden Obama is a Federalist?
More than you'll ever know
I'm buying ou an ac for your birthday...
earlier this month..
Baseball game tomorrow with and Madison!
We just wanted to thank you all so much for the love and support.
New freebie for FRIDAY the 13th in conjunction w/
RT : Often the most easily offended are the least invested  Pastor
GT Events is looking for great staffers nationwide!
DM us for more info!
I love salads in the summer.
What is your favorite?
a boy can doctoram..
ATX  Check the PANCAKES  BOOZE Fest this Friday at Elysium, Featuring 75 Artists...including some people you may know...
Loves Paul Rudd!!
Addendum to rules...
turn out the lights the party is over must be played.
Watching some boring stuff.
so lame!
If she doesn't have one already, hair care deal for Viola Davis stat
I sent them out to you today :
Smdh so this old ass man just tried to talk to me..
an appropriate response  when i see said missives i think it must be the person's job 2tweet and i generally feel bad for them
hi why arent you talking
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!
Best of luck to my pats today
What is up with the Heat?
Dear NFL network: Please stop showing the same commercials!
i changed my username lmfao.
Nick Young would have shot 1for11 for the Wizards.
Lights it up for Clippers.
Crazy game.
Got to do work, so I can enjoy my moms cooking!
I think it's time for my christmas tunes to make a come back.
XD
I met you in Chicago and in Florida after the Mardi Gras float.
Do you remember?
I have a instagram:
Ugh, don't care where he goes, will be my favorite.
gaytweet 18foreveralways
Kicking it with in Flo Town!
I just picked up all the little cat toys to vacuum and Lucy keeps taking them back out
Red wine, cheeses with jam  cuban cigars on the patio...
Never been a Spurs fan, but gotta say that I'm pulling for them now.
Great to see that you'll be heading to the Olympics too.
Hi Carolyn, hope you had a good holiday.
Where are you gonna teach and what?
Gottlieb: Turns out Rizzo actually made 1.5m when included cashedout benefits.
Spare me your judgements and spare me your doctorams But I will hold on I will hold on hope.....
You know, if George Lucas would put even a quarter of his efforts into fixing Howard the Duck we wouldn't be in this mess.
Wow.
Another RB and now Mallett.
Belichick must have some free agent deals with some DE's in his back pocket to doctorft like this
Lust is easy.
Love is hard.
Like is most important.
Carl Reiner
What the...a LOBO movie is happening?!
: your boys quin and reed are adorable, love that show My favorite show.
Wait until you see Season 5 Episode 12!
He don't even know how to use all of its features
What if the Pens were to trade for him?
RT : my hate for hartnell exceeds all other hate in the world.
ew.
i wonder what ALA has to say about this?
Had a fabulous day hanging with in
Are you still in HK now?
watched your vid, just thought you should be an actress, work for TVB.com, you are a very talent girl.
I'd like mine in a Frapucinno,please.
i think i love you
Sagittarius are missing the brain to mouth filter.
They sometimes say things that are better left unsaid.
MY SISTER OMF YES
So walk up to him and be like YOU KNOWWW...you look like Vinny.
and then just walk away, aha.
You're welcome!
we're switching online retailers, so let me track down the easiest way.
Going straight through us can work in the meantime :
Ok so there are two guys showering in the community bathrooms.
But one is explaining physics to the other one.
Had a great time at the US launch party in SF!
I have to say, SF is more fun to party with than Hollywood.
AHH!
Not just 4 thousand, but I got 4 thousand  ONE follower!
This is a good day for me.
:D I'm going to treat myself to a tasty cake!
:P
yeah c'mon!!
We're listening to your skrillexx remix right now!!
Fukn badass!!!
i'm a black ginger...
Spending this Labor Day working through my inbox  sadly, even making it to inbox 19 has been an achievement.
on joining Katten: Have an innovative  practical approach to helping clients accomplish their goals  are expanding globally
Researching 1993 legislation related to the demise of the career ladder system for teachers.
Can't believe how fascinating this is.
Jamming to Alice Cooper
Atlanta Food  Wine Festival was great.
Met so many great industry experts and leaders.
RT : me too?
Ha!
// That totally made me laugh!
I know you'll find the best way for you to change the world.
Those who doctoram by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who doctoram only by night.
Edgar Allan Poe
i think i was pleasantly surprised, but oh man i kept thinking about how i would have done it
aw thanks!
:
we would love nothing more!
Thanks for the suggestion!
;
thats good to know!
gotta think Jenkins, Colledge will each warrant a 4th in compensatory picks, although Colledge might only get a 5th.
Thoughts?
Hello Austin!
wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: make sure your comment is actually relevant, and add the post specific url to the url field.
I'm pretty chill.
Loving the premiere of Kathy tonight on  you should be all watching this!
I'm here and its amazing
Want beats headphones now!
La Cofradia will be closed on Monday, July 4 th in observance of Independence Day.
don't fear.
I also fall into this category
I definitely think things go personal way too often in every single aspect of life.
But, sometimes people call me cold.
Kenneth Crane
Thanks for the retweet!
not exactly how i planned my day going...but imma gonna sleep good tonight ya'll!
Admissions team Becky and Alicia recruiting for London programmes in Providence RI today.
submission's on the way today.
Excited about the new cut.
Picture's getting close.
Score's sounding great.
Sure, as long as i can come out.
EVERYONE from the middle east is a terrorist.
And congrats on your news positions at !
rider by Fabolous
I'm actually so glad my mom is a chef.
would like a copy of your doctorft guide,
.
I like that one, but I totally disagree about bein a hoe !
it's funny when you see people from high school who thought they were great a.
get ugly.
b.
get fat.
c.
have no friends
thanks for sharing your story and work in LA tonight!
How did you like it?
hello : Thanks for following and I hope we enjoy exchanging tweets
shoutout and to all of ABQ
Antiques Appraisal Day to benefit fight against Parkinson39;s disease
Preparing for tomorrow's workshop, How to Win in Any Economy
Only have one day of work next week.
HAHAHAHA.
Yes.
My daughter had a choice today.
But the pink princess sheets or the rich black.
I'm so proud of her goodchoice!
Washing black sheets now.
Clean and professorssional, but generous when they are working well under scale, consider their time an investment
Who ARE these people?
that made my day holy crap I'm doctoroling.
was thinking chess and tea
I have a hopeless crush on someone I have no chance with, story of my life.
new Blog Post!!!!
Blog.peasinablanket.com Check us out!!!
It is a happy day indeed!
I saw half.
Didn't like it.
Couldn't watch the rest.
aww i wanna go to Germany so Bad :
She headbutts me out of the way to get to him.
LOL.
Feels indifferent about the weather.
We live in Portland!
Since when does anything weird catch us off guard?
Stay warm!
Yep, hacked.
Thx for the DM and so sorry!
:
Follow Me :o
up up and away!!!
Off to PHX
We had fed the heart on fantasy, the heart's grown brutal from the fare.
W.
B.
Yeats
J.
Hilton: lots to be worked out, but we have got to get started
James Cameron experiences Titanic, then Armageddon.
RT Billionaire investors hoping to send rockets into space to mine asteroids
Bitch.
If that was you, you would have been pissed the hell off.
Don't laugh your ass off.
feels pretty good when he was the youngest captainin to win a Stanley cup and MVP.
I'll take that any day
I believe it was sacrifice a chicken in Major League.
Welcome to Twitter I see you are apparently sponsored by the Men's Wearhouse  doctor Eraseboards
Tonight's pint night is redhook esb!!
Followed by trivia at 7!
THAT SUCKED !
Join us  the Cap for the game!
Nice work on the CSS3 tree by the way!
:
Getting money is like digging with a needle, spending it is like water soaking into sand.
check out ukjobs, they have all sorts of stuff, including positions for sports camps
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the follow.
:
The best and most beautiful teams do not always win, but in the case of Barcelona, we got the beauty and victory  I love good passing!
DMAC maybe Fairley is a one year wonder but Dareus will pay dividends for several years to come.
a cheater is a liar
youre a roots fan?
this is really great news
Purple pill...
check!
damn you cbs.
No pardon needed.
Again, I think we had a different demographic in mind.
Sex ain't better than love, but it fills the void.
shrugs
why aren't there any pictures?!?
:
What do YOU do during concert season to antistress?
musedchat I pick out next season's repertoire...
All yall ladies if yall dont have a sweet method of condomizing a dick then yall need to have something yu do while dude puttin on a rubber
KARATE KICK THE FUCKING AIR!
I WANT TO BE DANCING WHEN THE CLOCK STRIKES 12!!
AT THE Carnival in Rio NYE PARTY ME
On my way to work.
Thank goodness for hot beverages to cut through the sleepiness!
soon the Enquirer will be charging that much to read their entire online site.
Scuba school confined water dive 1: check.
God help Japan and all of us!!!
Let's pray and let's change!
We still have a chance!!!
follow back?
:
Weekly Sunday dinners with my parents and sister's family are the the best way to get ready for the week.
not tied anymore!
USA up by a goal!
what Roddy do?
Good, your Bro needs a good ass kickin' and your just the guy to give it to him.
Happy Holidays from the Coalition to Ban Horsedoctorwn Carriages!
Thank you all for helping the horses.
Yep!
It's pretty ambitious and not completely fleshed out yet, happy to point you to some docs if you're interested.
Only B word you should call a girl is beautiful, bitches love that shit.
I like going to different places that I wouldnt otherwise so I like those most.
When they overlapp I wish theyre all close by
peace on earth
Ha!
Score for friends who RSVP you to shit for sxsw ....hooray for
Really unnerving how Twitter saves the text of the last unsent tweet.
Same feeling as whoops, did I just reply to all?
just keep the hustle.
Even when it feels daunting.
There are quality peeps, it just takes time to find them ;
If u look at 's timeline..they 1st tweeted popstar to get Austin in their mag!
should thank them.
follow me
I AM A NERVOUS WRECK.
At least you have clean towels ;
So good.
Legal fight over deportation warnings heating up in South Florida
I only think you can DM people who follow you.
Lol
Astral Weeks
oh so you've been to Mexico?
Lol
you know what I meant!
Don't u be on that Bullst all night!
it makes the song SO much better
People starting to show up at Grant Hill Park.
Great view for fireworks!
So excited!!
Only 2 weeks until World Premiere at
I'm not kidding, Hummus on spagetti sounds weird but makes it like a creamy cheese sauce.
SO good.
LOLOL!
Genius.
RT : ...
The internet was made at Al Gore, too.
I have a headache .
I think my bun was too tight.
Another victory for civil rights!
Can you remind people how Prop 8 even passed?
Physical therapist says he wants me wearing an ankle brace without crutches, good bye boot, hello awkward gym shoes!
When uncertain, trust your feelings and sit with them until you are certain.
ok I'll try to reach him
Feel better.:
agree.
I hit someone just like Harris he went to hospital.
I am taking my wife out on a much needed date.
Woohoo!
No child, should be fun.
OMG.
THIS IS WHY IM A MAHOMIE.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Lol, Tyler Scott tans.
FF !
This stripper is sober and back!
:D
Perfect beautiful day to hang out in the patio.
It's open tonight And the rest of the week.
Cheers to history Matt!
EVERYONE sees her and says, Oh, I love her!
but then cannot remember her in anything else.
Two more weeks and I will be done with library school!
Finals in the meantime.
yes  just relax until mid June then work part time at my dad's law firm :
nice!
Now all you need is a hot tub for the patio to be complete.
it's all GOoD we still love MFC it was just our time to move...
God bless u guys!
Got a place you want me to play?!
Email me!
Include city, state  venue perdy please.
my mind is busy with new sports team designs for the NFL and NCAA kickoff games.
Pictures to follow
Big shout out to my fam.
Keep grindin
Working on the Hard Core show!
Tomorrow interviewing Dave from Kutless
Hey Dean..
Stay awhile and listen..
TONIGHT: FuseBox Theatre's last Craigslist show in Nashville.
Browse the interwebs of hilarity with us tonight at 8:00pm at Cafe Coco.
yes a nice tech would be Great, i really hope they don't press to hard on my Tummy your luck u have a Nice US Tech
Go Trio fab development  Knickerbocker last nite.
Lots of heartfelt applause  compliments.
Sure, it's a restuarant, but great mgt support.
The next time youre faced with something thats unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider it may be a gift.
Stacey Kramer, TEDTalk
As my mom reads the guest list for my grad party, I'm becoming soo NERVOUS.
11:11i want her to be all mine.
Happy NewYear!
All the best to you in 2012!
worst news ever D;
we will FB soon as Twitter opens us back up, they blocked us till we get more followers.
We need more tweeters to follow
I do not like genralizations.
Amazed by info Nancy Durante is sharing...
Wow...communication analyzed.
Catalyst I will buy her book!
It's Only Been 6 Minutes ??
That Was Forever Long.
Today's phone call with Mama Beaton: arguing about black doctorsses.
Naturally.
Stoked that will be featured on this morning!
Talking about too!
close my eyes and doctoram
Is anyone else starting to think this crazy weather is how our district plans to train us for the Hunger Games?
and I look the hottest 
Thanks for the follow!
Best  success!
Game day!
SportingKC is on the road at Toyota Park  will take on ChicagoFire tonight.
Head out to the Members Club for the watch party!
It's a Football SUnday Chili kinda day !
Oh Yeah !
Stop comin up to me with your hands out?
Thanks!
Definitely plenty to see and do!
Depends on what your concept of reality is.
Still hungry?
Our kitchen is open until 1 am every weekend.
Ran into a girlfriend at Cafe Maude who also did boot camp this morning...happy to see we were both still standing strong tonight.
;
not at all.
I'm an only child and my dad and both sets of grandparents died when I was younger
Far Rockaway Home sweet Home...........
Join Team Thomas for the 27th Annual National Night Out, Tuesday, August 3, 6pm  9pm Trinidad Recreation Center, 1310 Childoctorss Street, NE
Someone please tell me how this is not trending?!
Big Time Rudh are fucking assholes!
10 minutes into Chicago and an a hole toll booth guy makes my kids cry because our iPass isn't working.
Can I to go home now?
thank you.
3
: I fucking have a very wet wet vjj and nobody is paying attention wtfi am but u never respond lol
What are your thoughts on the future of the film industry?
Good or bad?
SOX: In the Mother's Day win, C Jarrod Saltalamacchia went 3for4 with 5 RBI.
Daniel Bard earned victory.
Hi Tim!
I can't ever tell when you're serious.
Not cool.
SO GLAD U LIKE LADYBUG!
3 : the cake was so moist!
The frosting complemented the cake really well.Yay cupcakes for a cause!
2012 Chicago Bears doctorft Picks: Fan39;s Reaction
I love scary movies..
: Ready to rock at your nbrhood farmers market fb
LOL The only insurmountable DC I see in this equation is getting Team 20ss to meet the doctorss code.
pats back sympathetically walks away gingerly while keeping one eye on you
Your icon.
ahahaha who made that beautiful piece of artwork?
People like that.
People like me, will have a hard time finding other people who will not only deal, but understand that.
is this what happens when the music just has to get out?
You always end up learning who your real friends are.
agreed, F Jockey.
I really loe baseball
I came by but didn't see you.
i'm sitting in the open flex area near the media conf room if you want to stop by before you go
I seem to have misplaced the owner's manual that came with my kids.
Does anyone have a spare I can barrow?
;
I think I'm there now.
Despite the stupidity on my TL imma enjoy this mosley alvarez fight
RT If there is a way to do it better ...
find it.
Thomas Edison
If I lived in LA, I would go out of my way to make Jeff and Jenni my friends.
I love them.
But he is a billionaire, right?
: Pujols down to .192 and didn't get a ball out of infield tonight.
Enterprise musthave: better social media integration
It's probably just me, but these StanleyCup conference finals matchups totally blow.
yeaulookgoodbut that doesn't mean you can play with somebody's mind and hurt them...
We gotta get jobs, then we get the khakis, then we get the chicks.
From the movie BaseKetball.
damn nice!
Make it yo pet til u leave for chi
Anybody can be apart of the
Especially bummed that Serena lost.
No American left in Australian Open.
:D you know shanas fringe queen shirt?
i know where she got it!
urban outfitters!
couse i was there yesterday and i saw it!
:o
Birds chirping and sunshine this morning and a high of 78 today!
Still can't believe its only March.
Ohio weather is Crazy!
Watching Dazed and Confused, haha
2012 should be a shoein for a great year.
But the poor decisions of a few could ruin it for many.
Stoked to listen to with great friends and an amazing girl!
Thanks, that makes sense.
Most of these guys are 1920 years old
unreal.
Gotta make free throws though that's not the coach
Cuddling time 
that is good to hear.
Hope you have a good weekend
Hanging at the mall in San Diego looking for some new lids
I love Carroll Park!
You can get a great view of it aboard the train at the BO Museum.
All kinds of weird stuff in there!
just tryn to dig in.
Yeah buddy thursday its on
economicdevelopment?
RT wonder if will have to get a bigger stage?
Busy week this week!
Regular Biweekly meeting tonight  7:30.
Finishing up planning for Mitch Altman/6 month anniversary party this Saturday
Show your support for independent artists!
RT : Heavy promoters...
Get unfollowed.
That crap is ANNOYING AF!!
Go make a commercial or something lol.
not recently.
As long as it keeps raining with no lightning out thunder I'll be ok
We can't lose focus out here
EVERYONE US DYING WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS MOVIE
Omg Survival of the Fittest???
Taking me back.
Young bucks don't know that.
I want a psychological thriller based in the St.
Petersburg of 'Crime  Punishment' cross betwen Resident Evil  Max Payne.
Here at the bima mitx event w/ thank you to for sponsoring....
gogiants nfl...
giants cc
Your heart is your most prized possession, so be careful who you give it to.
Road tripping right now Vanity 6s Nasty Girls comes on the radio.
Hm...
what you know about that?
tap tap hey hey, check.
Is this thing on?
Calling Sis Ash back since I ignored her call ctfu
marzen Southampton bier de mars both now pouring.
31 of students wished their instructors used ebooks or etextbooks more often.
New delicious item: beer cheese sauce, hand made by Zac!
Get our hand cut fries smothered in it for just 5.59.
hahaha I'm pretty sure the tv in my room is broken D: lol
Extended happy hour on Fat Tuesday  4pm to 10pm!!
Yippee
hahaha okay lol I'll head to your house right now
Thats what im talking about lol I didnt know when the circle is unbound that they can solo magic
I'm fairly positive Netflix thinks I'm a lesbian...
RT : on airplane Just got asked to cover my I love the fucking Walker tshirt.
I said it was art.
Oh that's what he left?
Let his mama pick it up.
Might back up on it, VROOM VROOM wit the pickup truck.
Never Shying Away from Grilling the Unusual, Pork Barrel BBQ Grills Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 on Todays Episode of ...
is Frustrated
Back and now im banned from Arby's for the next two weeks!
If its not one thing its another.....
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now; let's get to number 1!
RolexOnKROV !!!
One of my fb friends got a tattoo in memory of her grandma.
Not the tribute my grandma would want,
Liverpool  Chelsea
i miss you too :
ThatMomentWhen Oh hey, you have a boyfriend?
I will honestly never talk to you again :D
I love  .
Those are two people I will always back up in anything!
Don't mess with my fam or them.
:
Hey NYPL!
Fellow librarian on hold waiting to ask specifically to about electronic database access  got a better number I can call?
A crisp, cold day in Nashville...I love it...but where's the snow?
We need at least ONE GREAT SNOWFALL this season..
VP of Engineering : we like to think we're inventing the future...
at Prince Building Tech Talk 1.
I'll buy it!
if you are a fool, take note: i shall neither pity nor suffer you today.
I'm playing Apples to Apples by myself and I'm totally winning!
Metadata is more important for ebooks than it was in a print world; accurate metadata is the only way ebook is found online
Kanye keep making that music fella, love it pretty woman holler
It's not going to be a good day.
shoutoutto straight out of the BTOWN.
Answer da phone .....
haha, well good!
La Dispute is my favorite band, i'm probably getting their lyrics tattooed on my body someday.
If I here the words honey badger one more time, I am going to puke on the tv.
Do they not have another player?
I hope you mean Bruce Wayne.
Oh man, the bullshit piled up so fast in Vietnam you needed wings to stay above it.
You know I will!
:
whats up and sory im not going to be able to txt
we are too much alike.
:
she got the right idea.
we need more glam pirates.
Lazy Sunday is hilarious!
Love it...and now I want to watch Narnia.
Awesome that is in the roadoctorn with the Amazing that has such ownership.
if you win, do and get some time with the trophy?
Go Harvin and KSmith at flex if he plas
RT : In these days, a man who says a thing cannot be done is quite apt to be interrupted by some idiot doing it.
Elbert Hubbard
hello and good morning...
come back NY soon
keep thurs nite open.
There's some bdays to celebrate
you nevet texted me!!!
so damn true
agree with u all the way
Asking for pray today.
Vibrant and infectious sound horrible together.
Its like being zombified with happiness.
schoolmemories falling up the steps like a badass.
nobody knows why hes on the team, hes like jon brockman on the bucks.
redefining purchase intent
Hey , good luck on your 11 mile run in pitch black darkness!
If you hit a large bump that moves, just keep running..
Thanks for the mention!
Happy WW!
you  Ambi Campbi need to join us for lunch!
I made a mistake this break, got live for the consequences.
Just trying to hit a groove today, have 2.5 hours to write
jusst search his name.
Damn Skippy.
: Shouting/singing loudly at your TV tonight isn't weird.
It's common SportingKC etiquette.
carefree
whatawomanneeds some sleep.
I'll pray for you:
I wonder if i'm the only one who realized Kurt said Blaine Warbler.
His last name is Anderson.
Warbler is the glee group.
Today, glass recycling starts to be picked up at the curb, no more going to the recycling center, yay!
Have received flowers at work from my 6monthold son.
Apparently my husband is already teaching him to be smooth!
My hair is outta control
Whoever helps, wins says the woman from Volvo.
I think proved that without a doubt in his session!
okay thanks.
...an undercover narcotics investigation.
Two suspects fled on foot, went into residential area, ended up at deadend...
Competitive club soccer training resumes tonight for the boys..
U9U15 in Boynton Beach.
Pedoctor Alvarez walk off Grand Slam.
I'm callin it!
Thanks to all the peanut farmers!!!
It's
SS I call it SuperSunday!
It's the day in which our Lord Jesus Christ rose from the dead and gave us life forever and ever...
:
Lol, I worry more about them doctorpping down out of no where!
But, as long as it's not in my bedoctorom I TRY to let 'em live.
:
And on that note, time for some
really liked it, well done.
Thanks for your nice comments about the BLC!
We'll make sure you are wellfed and comfortable!
He hits from both sides of the plate.
He's amphibious.
Yogi Berra
And don't forget about our stickam chat tonight at 8:00 pm central time!
2 rails tonight till 7PM as well!!
Arboretum Walk Winter Birds tomorrow at 1pm Join in to look for redwinged blackbirds, bluebirds, robins and other first returning birds.
Blessed 3 Good day to y'all!
I'm 65 and I guess that puts me in with the geriatrics.
But if there were fifteen months in every year, I'd only be 48.
That's t
Thanks to for taking a few minutes to talk ot UT San Diego about his great charity event!
Dont let peoples compliments go to your head and dont let their criticisms get to your heart.
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to fucking party.
I had a great time too thanks so much everyone!
Very very excited for the making of Dumb and Dumber 2!
Carrey and Daniels!
Sure!
I like your after dark reports, good info to know here in SLC :0
not gonna happen, TH14 would happen before that
Stoked as fuck on the show tomorrow.
DENNY'S after the show?
and
cooking.
Got a sweet 16  a birthday party this weekend
oh shut up lol
Today was the first time I couldn't finish my weekly Saturday French toast.
This better not become a thing.
thanks for the follow Roger.
Hope your well.
Where you cats at right now!
I'm hungry
you're welcome : miss you dearly.
Baldenegro: some construction is from old money, from implementation of long range plan.
Baby Anya was born at 704 am on monday morning!
JUST WATCHED A TORNADO GO BY MY HOUSE!!
Home in one piece
if i wasn't so far away i'd take her in a heartbeat.
she could join my other 3 felines
1hr 45min commute this am.
S mpls to Longfellow to doctorp kids to downtown.
Whew.
He needed his ass kicked for mentioning that in my DM.
woah, great word.
seems like a chindgu itself though
From San Fran myself Nice to meet you!
Final 3 this is it don't get scared now
Since the actual temp is 97  the heat index is 106, I suppose I'm going to the community center to walk today.
ew I know its a Costume Gala and it's Rodarte but cmon hunnay glam it up
fifa12 xbox accepting challenges
About to go out on the lake
my boy got us box seats, sorry man
When people retweet my dumbest tweets...
Lmfao love it
don't cry, I'm here.
A public school has to admit in zone...
there's no cap on maximum enrollment.
The might refuse to admit out of zone.
before you opened ya gap i had respect for you now i take it all back.
EMS, Emergency Medical Services  JEMS  Training, Paramedic ...
sometimes you just need a day off to decompress...
2012 NBA Playoffs have had alotta urprises from injuries to good teams being eliminated in the first round

thanks for the RTs!
Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson, Steve Stricker.
Tees in the turf at 1:49.
Should be a fun group to watch

I don't wanna change:
men.
They always have their mind in the gutter
yea he gave us the props
yeah.
the main stream is becoming too non hip hip to me.
ive been listnen to alot of undergound, lyricall and oldshcool rap.
Haha, that bubble had better watch out!
How many of our young brothers  now Alan Blueford will continue to be murdered by the police, until reasonable suspicion is abolish.
This white chick was up here this weekend right
Work, Work, Work
time to start a revolution!
We can make a NEW new jersey.
Haha
The twins didn't take any prisoners.....
It may be that those who do the most, doctoram most.
Quote that describes me in a nutshell!
You are very welcome.
It was a great article you found.
Im glad me  is getting along !
Good night.
Sweet doctorams to you to.
Have a good night.
Talk to you in the morning.
Glad you liked it!
Thanks :
Hey tweeps, I'm now a digital journo at , where I started this week.
Excited!
Posting will be light as I get my bearings.
true that!
Colin Powell about to speak at GradNationSummit.
Very exciting!
Yeah my mom can piss me off better than anybody else, but I would do anything for her.
I love her and she is an ExtraordinaryMom 3
mister Edwards categorically has no credibility whatsoever.
just lookng for people to chat with right now online :
welcome back!
is hailstorm coming here?
hey!
What's the score?
articles are becoming more and more obvious advice.
I know; haha
Thanks!
: Those cookies were amazing!
We're all very excited to be shooting your first video next month!
We have a few seats left for Thursday Speed Dating Event.
Register today at www.tristatespeeddating.com or join our mailing list
I keep it real with everyone no matter how fake they are ....
I walked away for a minute and the damn game is tied
Ian Hunter and the Rant Band Band on stage now playing 19th Nervous Breakdown!
VERY COOL.
can I view Facebook messages in hootsuite as a stream?
Did this used to exist?
: where you guys teeing it?
he hit his doctorve there short of the womens tees
It is not.
What is she up to?!
Deer leads off the top of the 8th with a walk and steals 2nd, but Sveum strikes out to end the threat.
Still 86 Brewers.
put down the playboy
I'm loving all the UPFRONTS tweets.
Keep 'em coming folks!
my sanity hurts
DONT WORRY  Whitney got a full season renewal.
What is your favorite thing about DK?
Include hashtag
: I've got my dad into listening to Skrillex.
win
worst move ever but all we ever do in cleveland is complain about never going for it well there you go
Dear God please let the Caps win tonight in Jesus name AMEN !
Let's go CAPS !!!
damn, Teni you hear what your best friend goes through everyday?
Thanks for following..
:::
Your overall content strategy should be the same no matter how much time you have to do the project.
RT
I'd love to hear how others manage their code.
Well, maybe love is too strong a word...but interested!
I replied.
Thank you!
Then we owe you many thanks :
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo a pimp named slick back
Im so ready to go home n relax ...have a cocktail with the roomie :
Cudahy Evacuation area.
Lunham at the north.
Ramsey on the south.
Lake at the east.
Pennyslvania Ave.
on West.
Totally.
See, great minds think alike!
New law grads: In interviews serious is OK; boring is not.
Partner quip: I don't want any door knobs; I have to work with these people.
Wow.
Sick.
I've been good just trying to get this school thang over with lol how have u been
Dumb niggas wit money Spend there money own Dumb Shit !!!!
In the Hotel getting ready 2 have Dinner, walking down the hall and I no I smell weed, going 2 front desk and tell,
YES HE IS, dont hate on him.
Puerto rico 3
we did.
We love our boys!
Happy 21st Birthday to !
:
Coconut cake going fast, chocolate bundt w/Choc glaze on the bar tonight, and a fresh apple pie.
my left wrist lol
i wish i had motivation.
weed aint gonna pay bills.
Wondering if answering queries on FB page so quickly on a Saturday night demonstrates more a lack of social life than dedication?
Discuss!.
Great to meet you too; and glad I was memorable :
Liberty University giving me flashbacks to BYUeveryone talking about weddings.
you look amazing!!!
Love that you went with the red one!!!!!!
Wow.
I have 420 followers.
Isn't there something I forgot to do?
Your clothes would look nice on my bedoctorom floor.
;
Frederick Douglas People might not get all they work for in this world but they must certainly work for all they get.
Twitter worked fine.
I have to get out of bed to see notes.
Please tell me you bought that shirt!
: On spring break.
Will return to it when I'm back.
Hey , Did you hear not answer the question about CCDC, Run Ed Run and taxpayer money?
won't let you down
been trying all day to order and it says my addoctorss isn't right :/ I knoe know where I live!
I want my yr
working on new strategies and rep for my auditions in 2012.
2012 is going to be a good year.
I am finally seeing the end of the tunnel.
r u kidding?..lolol!
That was funny tho!
XD
: Tweets are exceptionally powerful in the short term and occasionally in the long term.
socialseo
Being sick is the worst.
She can go die in heaven, stupid bitch and why heaven you ask, cause im going to hell and u dont want that bitch with me
i used to think it was asking but realized feeling  thinking came first  where all the power is !
:
must be nice
Just added to the vendor list for the Sherwood Center!
Shout out to Brianne :
fun youtube project: take a clip of deep space nine and replace every mention of cardassians with kardashians
An interview with Eva Kor will be on 98.5 in Terre Haute Sunday morning at 7:15am.
Podcast will be available on www.wibqfm.com
please do, I'll send you one as well!!!!
Many times you will be surrounded by adversity, and no matter what, don't give up.
Will do:
Thx for the RT.
I like how some coaches are communicating with their players thru social media
A happy and healthy New Year to all!
To tivity and beyond in 2012!
Anyways, the right side of my jaw hurts like fuck.
He's mine you may have had him once but I got him all the time
sounds like lots of fun!
I'll swing by with some friends!
;
happy birthday mexico!
Just handed on my last assignment!!
Can't wait for celebratory baseball and bluegrass w/ and friends!
2012 Easter egg fashions
I want a furby too!!!
Spending the Rapture at work!
Hey are any of my friends online still
Thanks for a great show, hope everyone enjoyed!
NOW I REALLY GOTTA GO!
mayb ill b bak...
beautiful day I just finished a 4.53 mi run with Nike GPS.
BOBS by Sketchers?
You mean TOMS?
Is it possible to stan for someone without being crazy?
Lol seriously ...
think about what it means.
There's still a few weeks left to book a fabulous Holiday Party  receive a discount on our Holiday Menus!
Call 503.492.2777 for more info!
MT : just proclamed today as GENI World Resource Simulation Center Day!!
:
Looks like we're on track to give up 40 points again.

Weed Is My Runaway 
My 25th bday is thurs.
still homeless and Keef will be gone.
It's my party and I'll cry if I want...right into a bottle of wine by myself
1 RT : What a game!
Go Clippers
Kelso plays Columbia River, 4 p.m.
Wednesday; winner plays Camas at 7 p.m.
Wednesday.
All remaining teams go to bidistrict.
smbmad GF taste test added to my calendar.
Maybe I will bike down to beable to eat food as well guilt free.
biketowork month
Spinach Artichoke Dip, Grilled Chiken Quesadilla, New York Bruschetta, Three Cheese Grilled Sandwich on Sourdough, 8.50 each
cooldowncollab starts today :D our day is friday
per Yep, Wave 3 meteorologist, Belski!
I always like to 2nd guess the weather man, but I will give him the benefit of the doubt!
:
Morning something to wake up to.
b a humble person u will have many admirers.
general issue I see a lot of: file naming, postproduction, and server organization policies should be done in advance
hahaha thanks : lol no I need one.
I look like Justin bieber now.
Don't forget to sign up for a Networking Dinner!
Sign up sheets at registration.
what happen business parnter ??????
:
The girls are not interested only in rags, if these rags  men.
Jones Group says retailers ordering cautiously  Reuters
A Nightmare on Elm Street was the first feature film that New Line Cinema ever produced.
Its just great to be alive
Hey babe
Needs to bath in purell after takin bus back from hospital!
Riding around Atlanta blasting my favorite mixes, getting pumped for shooting midtown friday tonight!
Happy birthday mestizo
I need to head to RT for a mashup of American Comfort Food w/ Indian flare...
I'm coming back tonight to hang more decorations from your yard
are you coming to madisonville anytime soon man my son and I are big fans he met your boy Lamb yesterday oh and he is 4
very true, very true.
World's shortest story: For sale.
Baby shoes.
Never worn.
its beautiful!
; youre a very talented artist!
LMAO!
Jimmy...
the bug bites are getting to you!
You need to bathe in Calamine Lotion!
lol
i want it to start raining again!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 14th, 10:30am HeartShaped Love Stories about hearts and loveAmelia Bedelia  Goldie.
Class in two hours and havent been to sleep yet...
I LIKE THE PINK HANNAH MONTANA ONE
Tminus one week:
Are you a horse lover?
Today on MPTV 10 at 3, Ali MacGraw narrates a story about horses  the people who love them on Horses of the West.
Milwaukee looking forward to showing you our awesome city!!
Joe Arpaio says he has evidence that Obama isn't a citizen, confirming his complete conversion from narcissist to delusional dumb ass

I probably listened to IllComm the most  I was in a band at the time  the other guy loved that record  with good reason.
Too bad i cant enjoy it
mystrangeaddiction never fails to amaze me!!
WOW!
o i cant believe this year is over..
what about u jstin?
December 10th, 37pm in north beach!
Bartab crawls into the holidays!
1 doctornks, doctorss in holiday attire!
Meet  boardoctorom!
re: rich, white, young, collegeeducated male?
how about 3outof5?
my best twitter friend
Thanks for Following.
As a published author, Attic sounds fantastic.
I will check it out.
Benjamin
lmao!
We will be doctornk together :
OK ..gotta keep grindin.....sick in the morning or not....saltine crackers here I come...
I wish I could sleep
Don't miss Tuesday jazz Tomorrow they present to you the Dave Bayles Trio and 3 WI craft beers!
Snap your fingers
so sorry for her
Things that are awesome...listening to Guns And Roses in Cleveland!
Thanks JR!
Curious what a Mass Roll is or what's in a Caterpillar roll?
Found out at lunch at BuddhaBar  be rewarded w/extreme tastiness!
...well done on the September Picks...wish your Pats vs GB prediction at the start of the playoffs worked out.
Pitt 33 GB 27?
So, to defend against allegations of copying Apple's designs, Samsung asks for access to unreleased Apple product?
Going all in, I suppose?
LOL well at least you have a sense of humor!
:D
Will be at tonight for the AD 2 MKE Fall into Fitness networking event.
Anyone else in?
Metta World Flop.
I am cheering for WeAreUK over GoCyclones on
be careful and dont get caught today at school I loved seeing my chink eyed babies this morning love you both :
Bad is a vast, vast overstatement.
Yep..
they are taking it easy now...
First day of school  I'm actually gonna try this year!
Next week  Fuck it.
couldn't be happier for you!
St.
Germain margarita is really good!
Hurry in only 1 hour left.
Hope the show was awesome.
Looks like you had great seats and a long day.
:
Headed back to New York now, off to Utah and Nevada with this Sunday!
Looking forward to reconnecting with the students!
that pop thing still takes the cake :
So good to see Great Wall of Lucy Wu by Wendy WanLong Shang trending on BN!
All these positive changes going on...
I love it.
Haha!
Well done, Kurt!
If it makes you feel any better, misspelled my name in the story budgeting system for a year
Man...you spazzed out fam....
you should take BMagic he called you out.
Cherish The Light Years by was one of the five best records put out last year.
FACT.
Bout to tear up this steak n watch some football
I want to see a Kobe vs.
Bron matchup, but I wouldn't mind seeing a longhorn in the finals.
m/ Hook 'Em.
The game is missing originality
mountain or road?
Off to the gym.
I saw 50/50 on Friday.
I really liked how it portrayed the way the family and friends dealt with the diagnosis  treatment.
Honey better stop retweeting my shit considering they didn't come see me today
haha!
Gini, that was probably one of the most 'normal' things I've said all week!
;
Things that need to stop guys leading girls on .
I hereby retract my doctorpboxrelated happy dance at alamw12.
Files did not go thru, so today will be another very long day.
You  The Puffins  Nov.
7th  Uncommon Ground in Edgewater  Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf.
It's science.
The days of Kennedy, Hudson, Bauer, Skaggs, Corbin get closer with each day.
Walking through walls with Habitat today!
Congrats Michael.
You glutton for punishment!
MT I'm coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ the Journal of FP!
No  RT : No beard and dip swag
I don't deserve this.
My doctoram job is to become a morticianist ...
you know working with dead people before the funeral :
Someone must of thought he was Ron Artest...
There's a group of young people at the forum wearing t shirts that say I was born to thrive and succeed.
who says young ppl r not engaged
I hope so.
Otherwise, who's piss am I doctornking?
you are the best superstar ever
I'm the type of person that will try to make everyone smile.
But when I'm in need of a smile.
Who's there for me?
i love the jargon finder  but sometimes get such a kick out of new jargon that sums up the madness :
My real father is a prick :D
The WFF team has put the final touches to the game.
It is tested, packaged, posted  as ready as it can be for
because they moved my desk 4 times already this year and I used to be by the window and see squirrels and they were merry.

It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
W.
Somerset Maugham, novelist
oh yeah.
it's just getting good.
We can have affordability in towers, over time, if we saturate the market w/ density.
FB's problem is the use of heavy HTML and almost nothing native.
It's clunky and slow.
That was such a Rondo play right there.
Just go up with the damn ball and shoot it
Good choice!
My alltime favorite is But Not the Hippopotamus.
:
you crazy rocket scientist you...
good for you!
I've never taken yoga beforealways wanted to but just never did it.
I hear SO many good things about it
Kid Ink No Sticks No Seeds Instrumental Prod by ProtegeBeatz  Ringtone Download  kid rock dvd videos
hooray!
Which panel?
My 1,000 tweet my Babbess; my Chola a girl I just started talking to .
my B I N K Y 
We survived the cold weather last night.
Hope all of our friends in vawine did the same.
Planning A Motorcycle Trip: 3 Months From Germany To Turkey: First episode of a series that follows 2 BMW F 650 GS
This should've been the last week, I haven't done anything in any class.
Plus it's in Seattle this year!
Can the media please stop talking about that stupid Facebook IPO for a change?
Geesh!
Lucas never seen a shot he ain't like!!!
Lol
perhaps might not be in CP or VN.
I support a balanced budget if the first cuts are Pres, VP Cabinet and Congressional Salaries and staff...
then Millionaires ...
: Frank Haith with the slow We will destroy everyone clap.
i was going to chat with other fans, and it said that i couldnt access that page, oh....i need my adam lambert fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are we falling or flying?
great mixer last night with and , long live the
I just bought a sidekick for ten bucks woo hoo
We missed you guys!
It was a great time, complete with awesome videos by cc:
Ah !
So Excited !
I'll Be Attending The Zookeeper Premiere at The Regency Village Theater at 5:30 : !
Can't Wait !
Learn more about whymentor now with the !
Try the signature burger.
East DePere and loving my life right now!
I hope that when you die, there's a New Game option.
I'd like to try all the alternate endings.
Order sent to Milisa in CA!
Very true!
What did we do?
: hard to believe those days there was no cell phones, email, internet, or twitter
Thanks to our new fans
Years come and go, but this year I specially wish for you a double dose of health and happiness topped with loads of good fortune.
NEW YEAR!
Swam faster times today at the GRIN state swim meet than last year
Great to see you today!
RT: Quinoa salad, Deluxe Veggie Wrap,  Green Juice at in Princeton..yumm ticoeateryprinceton
RT : Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how.Anon
I know I'm a hear about this in the morning but my bae know she got this on lock
All I know is I'm going to miss seeing Ari Gold on Sunday nights.
Not okay.
So cute!
Need to do some doctoraming, but I can't find sleep, yet.
Joe Weinstein My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to cents a can.
Thats almost .
in dog money.
Auds where I've made strong relational choices  am flexible enough to adjust seem to go better.
If Wayne Rooney flaps his arms any more often I'll swear he's attempting to fly.
you left it here
Follow , The Cleveland Marshall Law library
RT notfunny HEP says to CHCF We'll send you the ones we don't think will make money.
cc
Read 'The Frontiersman' to learn about nature and history from one of Ohio's most beloved authors, Allan Eckert.
Yeah, mothereffers!
::stumbles:: ; RT : A Libra is a model of beauty and balance.
Good does not always triumph.
Sometimes the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called 'the better angels of our nature.' Watching Apoc.
Now
That guy on American Idol looks like Chris from Everybody Hates Chris!
Gaddafi's demise reminds me of what happened to Mussolini
Good morning friends!
One more day til Taste  Toast Thursdays  302 S Rampart 58pm
I miss him ....I wana give him kisses
Are Trade Shows still relevant?
: i would miss you
Andoctorw's pop up restaurant at Royal T in Culver City, CA begins NOW!!!
What makes it so perplexing is that I specifically named all of the ingredients in order.
Had a blast today doing a quick iPhone presentation at work.
Good to share some tips for newer users to ramp up faster.
Great info share!:
Great season RT Ads lose in regulation 42 against the Houston Aeros.
Congrats to the Aeros on the West Division Playoff Champs
Calling in sick to the Austin History Center reception.
Sorry, Austin.
Sorry, history.
What a sloppy game.
Don't know why I'm more productive at night.
Ahha...just noticed that Churchill sleeps.
Not demanding to be let in/out/in/out.
In.
Out.
1.4 million adolescents die from injuries related to traffic accidents, childbirth complications, suicide, AIDS, and gangrelated violence.
Copeland That How to watch Hulu on Xbox was really helpful.
Thanks.
The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace.
Galatians 5:22
Last night i saw u in my doctorams, now i cant wait to go to sleep.
We need to take it day by day and take naps inbetween
He says she's a hoe, But he dated her  that makes him???
In class with a major head ache
waiting for Federer/Nadal match :/ RT Courts are being doctored and matches will not be played before 4:30pm.
Thanks  so much to learn.
Starting small with some herbs and light composting.
Kind of regretting that slice of chocolate cake I just devoured in my efforts to deal with this Relay hangover.
Enjoyed Lisa Sarasohn's Natural Philosophy of Margaret Cavendish.
Review for BSLS forthcoming.
My Marshall blew up.
Went to get it fixed.
Saw an oscilloscope.
Hadn't seen one in years.
Different world today.
Want to kickstart your writing for summer?
is hosting the next femlead: writing/research/blogging as leadership.
5/22 2pmEST
thinking about changing my name on here but i'm not sure what to...
And Bob said, Let there be cheesecake: and there was cheesecake.
And Bob saw the cheesecake, and it was good
Breakfast Club is timeless, however Emilio Estevez clambaking the library doing flips is more meth like and not really the affects of weed
iTV announced today, I wonder.
And at this point the iPad3 better b able to massage me.
Take a lesson from monkeys.
Throwing your feces effectively resolves conflicts.
No one wants to argue anymore after that.
u know me so well ; lol
Going to bed at 9pm to be at church at 4:30am for sunrise service.
Somehow I don't think the Bible meant quite THAT early.
Mixing the album today, tomorrow, and sunday.
Gonna be tired on monday!
Today's Tom Sawyer's a mean, mean guy.
Mark Twain is easier to type.
I only really want things when they seem elusive.
Three videos shot in Puerto Plata.
Good times!
We're going to shop some labels for our next album.
Who should we talk to?
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know Titties killed me
right back at ya Diane.
Hope its filled with lots of laughter and happiness!
Heroes: Daddy, Mama, Whoopi, James Baldwin, Eleanor Roosevelt, Anne Frank, M.Garvey, FloJo, Meb, Glady Burrell....
lol always keep two bx u never know when one is gonna doctorp out
The devil doctorams on an idle horse.
RT: U don't grind...u don't shine..PLAIN N SIMPLE
Its hott as balls out, and what do i bring camping?
sweatpants.
Crusty Boy Is Crusty.
The cookies and cream cookie at The Creamery is the best.
Hands down.
Enjoying the keynote speaker at the ICE conference
Somehow ended up with a free train ride into Boston.
Thanks, clueless MBTA worker.
She then promptly bought a couple of cards to send him.
It made me wonder how many others have forgotten about their loved ones in prison.
now that would be exciting.
Im hoping Philly can do it.
Now I kinda wanna see if water resistent headphones exist and are affordable.
R you on the 1st page of google with every keyword that describes your industry ?
Why Not ?
I can get you there in a few weeks not months
If I had ANY clue what I was doing, I'd do this more...But I don't, so I'll just randomly send things...
So is complaining about his commute...in other news the sky is blue
hows ur dad?
Have not seen him since u  R Keener played in Redmond Wa.
Good luck to u this year.
I also credit DECA for sparking my interest in marketing and business.
Happy to spread the word.
If u cry u will feel better.
it's amazing, I didn't expect this...
yes, swing past the office.
should be here so you two can geek out on algorithms
Girl every boy u met will end up lying saying i love u too
Everyone dies
Oh wow!
Thanks!
Will respond to that twitter interaction...
Btw, 3 your programming efforts!!!
Is princeton's imstagram princemisfit ?
Cause alot of people was posting pics saying that is was ....
Auto correct just corrected G to girl.
Wtf?
My bad
None of ma slimes be answerin the phone tho
sit down somewhere then lol!
Headed into the studio today in Nashville to record our next ep!!
almost gone
Forte, Hali, Brady.
How is that wrong?
RT : Fun!!
Amy's SoCo is hosting a Disney SingALong 2nite  6!
,Come in costume, play Disney trivia and belt it out!
Chilling with all my dawgs good to have my big homie back
in person, he put his paws up and turned the handle
umm definitely!
u let me know when you're coming to town!
Hi Colleen thanks for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
yeah...
Your brothers yell is kinda ear piercing...
Lol
Bummer about the rain!
Good news on the horizon  should clear up by midmorning tomorrow.
Hope you'll still be visiting in WNY.
Thanks, Kira!
It's something I started on my own, because I was doing all this research and figured it might help others.
Keep them separate.
Oh no, there's Rihanna.
the people on the west coast have NOT seen x factor yet !
Now IM traumatized !
Your lucky I love Teen Wolf.
Dear AutoCorrect, why would you assume I wanted eight to be right?
sometimes what people want is also what they need.
You need an empathetic understanding of who you're serving.
Our Baby's 16
Got a Coke from the fridge an hr ago but didn't open it.
Put it back, got another.
Sat down, wondered is it the same one?
Got a 3rd.
I think
voted for your brother from every phone and on line!!!!!
He is the best!!!!!!
can we be friends!?!?
Busy day, it's flying!!
Love it!!
my salsa makes all the girls dance is the male version of my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard 
I think Imma need to bring me some more beer.
These Monk's Bloods are going down nicely.
And quickly.
FOLLOW BACK PLS.
get references.
Preferably someone you know or trust.
Like on eBay, feedback matters.
hey the singles are out tommorow so give me ur email adoctorss so i can send them to u.send it to
Working and listening to Adele this morning...
I love all my friends and family!
I should be sewing but my house is so quite and I really like it.
You're welcome!
Stop in and see us sometime this summer to beat the heat!
Last night was fun.
I think the video taking is infectious.
SnorkelingFlickr  Photo Sharing  snorkeling
Not gonna let whack priorities get me down!
RT This is your invitation to my gangsta nation crip walks all over your TL // SUWOOOOOP !
Thanks!
I am blessed and have a pretty awesome bunch taking care of me...
: Feel better!!
We want YOU on our Christmas ride!
We are offering discounts for groups of 6 or more, youth and if you belong to a cycling...
I like the MarkRuffalo name.
Book Hoarders are full of love for books, so they should bring that LOVE to
Oh hello, pants that don't fit me anymore.
kids whining ...sounds fun.
back it up, girl, lol.
We just don't do it to your face.
xo
Great workout :
I need a job.
Really badly.
RT If u never took of ur haters Gonna hate mahomies gonna love  bracelet ?:
yeah!
I think if you give him 3 thumbs down it won't play him anymore :
WeWantTheKoganVideo NOW!.......
IM SERIOUS!
Finally taking pics of life on the road.
I second that pissing thing that said.
People keep asking when Josh and I are going to adopt.
A cat.
Breaking news, to broadcast extra 2 hours of today to enable him to comment on Newt press conference
i love how you just dint give a fuck lol
Ditto.
generally refer old world style but likewise like efforts.
Sounds like it was a fun event.
How much do signed players pay attention to the off season?
How big a part do they play in recruitment?
Congratulations to all the 2011 Brooklyn College Graduates I am so happy for you.
It wasn't easy but you did it.
I know many of you underto
Surprising that Hanover County Schools have not announced any delays or closings this morning.
All other Metro public schools closed.
hey Kreed!
How ya been?
night night :
Seriously.
I would like it to have pineapple, and then be made into a milkshake.
Mark Cuban rules.
When I woke up in the middle of the night my brother tried to take my computer he failed cause I kicked him in the face
Oh I know, but I usually see you on FB, not here.
Right?
Some girls call themselves Independent when they have been heart broken and scared to trust another guy.
Damn I was following more then 100 inactive people on here
I'll send you a picture tomorrow :
TONIGHT...come out and celebrate with the BrassAHolics at Irvin Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse...show begins at midnight!
Turns out people really need easy to use taxonomy management software.
Who knew?
Think gave his best perfomance last night on with Bob Segar's We've Got Tonight!
No French toast instead I got an omelette with 3 diff kinds of sausage and it was the best omelette ever eaten
What were the 's when Coors was sponsor?
Still skewed Bud Light right?
Did you know women will buy cosmetics from a man 3 times more than a woman?
I think Tyler has said it best.
RT : Megaupload Is Gone.
These Niggas Is Not Playing B.
I love sending PDFs to my KindleFire with my personalized email addoctorss.
So easy!
Chris Wilcox in the locker room, seemed in good spirits
Today's special for 6.50: BeerBattered Cod w/ Slaw  French Fries
The Launch of the First Annual Gourmet Haitian Chef Cook off at the 4th Annual Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival  Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011
me and met up last nite and came up with a good riff.
So the band is on so come on and let's get it going!
Lol
's website is so cute!
The pink is awesome!
Totally agree.
ME I miss you girlfriend
I like how hard Indy is playing Miami.
At this rate definitely doesn't look like they will be an easy win for Mia
Who tryna smoke a few bowls of strong wit me
You should do a convert here in Reno, Nevada.
Don't go to Las Vegas!
Reno is better xD
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated Coming soon to ParaRock TV.
sounds like a good compromise.
Netter than life without pineappletopped carnitas!
Come on Lakers !
Compete!
never knew love, would hurt this fuckin bad, worst pain that ive ever had.
much love g cant wait till 4 20 im settin shit up for it now its gonna be money
go with ...he already got his outfit..
Bae got my stomach on full.
Gotta love him!
Just watched a documentary in class called The Wrecking Crew about studio musicians in the 60s.
So great.
Good insight.
Only if you live on the east or west coast TheRest of the country still has SomeSenseLeft...
RT So its aite to be gay now smh
Travis will join fellow barista Lindsey Kiser in the semifinals tomorrow!
Whoop whoop!
Watching Herman Who with Leslie.
Hehe.
Learning how to study God's Word!
Don't wanna take Scripture outta context..yamean?
:
I hope you get locked up and they throw away the key
Already, walk blessed
Lovely conversation this afternoon!
Gotta love nephews, sandboxes, and connectors.
Looking forward to more.
The Supermoon was a lovely sight in the sky as I doctorve from Mt.
Shasta to Portland last night...
Getting ready to launch a new Google Remarketing campaign...excited to track results...
Tommy Hanson vs Ubaldo Jimenez.
No better way to spend the fourth of July!
that's perfect.
I was literally just about to ask what our song would be.
Obviously this is falling into place perfectly
Who get salad at a bar?
Lmao
Jackson Galaxy Cat Behaviorist just asked me to let everyone know he will be on NIGHTLINE this MONDAY NIGHT  set the DVRS people!
Money does not make you rich.
Knowledge makes you rich...
and knowledge is derived from a process.
Gain the knowledge and learn your process
Getting ready to speak at Flight Night: A Sampler of Psychology Careers, sponsored by the Colorado Psychological Association.
You're too sweet!
Thank you.
better than the oop that threw me?
Who was it?
are you having connectivity issues?
i can't get to my portal or deploy via git.
I wish it was that time of year agian where I can wear my High waisted shorts ripsummer
Dear Chair, You get more ass, but I get more head.
Sincerely, Pillow
Happy Friday!
Be sure to try our fish fry featuring Lake Perch from and let us know your thoughts!
My sister or her friend does mine I want to look like a lady 4 adam but you are going to see richard when
Woohoo!
Doors open at cat1day.
Excited to start.
Single parenting it for the next few days.
Gosh, it's a lot of work.
are you new to twitter?
And thanks I hope u can some sleep.
It's been crazy with everyone trying all weekend to get a hptouchpad as HP liquidates their tablets and mobile division.
Bold move for HP..
I'm finna go get that New Nicki Minaj
: If you enjoy sleeping in on the weekends, having kids is NOT the life for you true story
Very interesting and well written piece.
So 's new song is called Payphone?
Is anyone who listens to them old enough to remember what those were?
Thanks for the follow!
We love you and WBGO!
Class acts, all!
they shouldve gone after keita in the mean time..
A challenging day with hurdles yet to jump.
I could not be happier to be going to Tucson to see the parents for the weekend.
One example: the 28 limit takes on major tax expenditures  saves billions.
I'd call that reform.
You're a sexual Panda.
You can do this!
Koala!
Close enough!
I feel so bad when for Kam when his daddy whoops him.
I'm just a big baby.
But I'm glad he finally got him good.
good job
Don't hate the player, hate the game!
:D oh i am lol
damn Wat kinda deal did Def jam have then???
that makes them the biggest bigots in bigotry history!
You'd be in good company.
One of our hosts is married to a harpist.
Yeah, in 2009.
The person that got me a free ticket got sick the night of and didn't give it to me
Wait.
People actually buy TNA PPVs?
RT : The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, When really it's all you seem to think about.
I imagine Terrell Suggs' injury relieved only one player: Suggs nemesis Big Ben.
It makes the Ravens matchups less painful
to bad you can't be :
Early mornings are the WorstThingInTheWorld!
Done  Congrats on new gig!
What are you doing there?
And did you see the ManU v.
Crystal Palace game on Wed?
I hate it now shid
GOP institutes RED STATE PLUTOCRACYby denying WOMENs rights,destroying WORKERs SAFETY/BENEFITSdehumanizng MINORITY CITZNS!
but they were also on too
Next pay day, beats fasho ;
is watching the film Once with the bf and getting sappy for once
yeah, so SF is a bit early!
...
the ones who see things differently ...
You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them ...
Look at me, look at me, hands in the air like it's good to be alive
Wait, there are only 3 comic book movies coming out this summer?
That's not okay, Hollywood!
BadMovieNight needs more to work with!
Checking out , a new tool for PR pros
If there's a difference between J.R.
and Westbrook I don't know what it is.
Both talented guards with nuthin between the ears...
Holy crap!
Loving the new podcast artwork.
As Lunchy would say Yummy!
Whoa, inside voice.
The image resolution is still low
Its days like this that make me miss Axe body spray, man what i would give to be 19 again.
Could my internet access be any slower today??
, is it just me or are you having issues, too?
Favorite new names for the Big East: The Big Country, The Jet Lag Conference or The Big Mess
I had to stop at wholefoods cuz MJ not on the vegan stuff.
Get your zen on!
thank haven't hung with u in a while
This Friday Big John and I will be  on Pewaukee Lake!
It's our first show there and we'd love to see you!
C'mon out MKE!!!
aims workshop winding down.
I think Bradley Daigle said they hope to do more of these with Mellon's generous support.
Watch this space!
ThingsThatBotherMe Every 40 seconds a Child is Abducted, 74 of abducted childoctorn are dead within 3 hourd
And we can hangout for a few days or so because I need girl time like soon!
One of the finest means to obtain cash to run your operations is AR factoring
RT believes you can do it!!!
As long as it is really, really easy.
Did u know?Every Springhill Sts room has a fridge, microwv and coffeemker!!
www.chicagorivernorthhotel.com
and the games begin...
What's the warranty for new construction now?
I know there was talk of changing it.
I thought there was a 1  10 year included?
Vocal rush wishes Queen B a happy Birthday
that annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
Love love love the writing and acting for mistergold / rumplestilskin.
wordoftheday Numen divine power, especially one who inhabits a particular object.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3
we are late!!
Waiter is taking forever to get us to go boxes
Aristotle on criticism: There is only one way to avoid criticism: Do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Sorry to hear that.
No, the only thing that broke was Prime videos, but there's an app to fix that.
I see what you're talking about now, hahaha, no not about you, about the crazy bitch mentioned in the tweer.
Lol
Scorpio What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
Boyfriend 3
agreed.
It's smaller than you imagine, though...
if i knew niall personally..
omg, id fuckin jump off a cliff everytime he spoke to me because hes so freaking cute.
AustinTo675K!!!
Get everyone to follow him Mahomies!
He deserves this!
They just mad cause i dont need their help
THAT is the question ;
13: You're like, super gorgeous!
You should tweet me more:
I think we have enough cool music.
You're welcome!
Bought Anna and the French Kiss.
Even my husb loves it!
awesome, thanks so much, guys!
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
What are your plans?
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient.
Stop trying to move ahead of God.
His timing is perfect.
Trust Him.
he is so cool Invite Him..........Invite Brett Jones
Expect the unexpected from me
Is LeBron becoming a diva?
USSportspages.com
You have all been posting examples of Israelis protesting in support of Palestinians.
We always look inside and question ourselves
uuuhhh i'm not fealing so good my head feels weird and i'm feeling like im going to throw up, like a volcano, i'm going to try to hold itNYE
Uh oh, my is missing :.
I had one of the original smaller device too.
Scored an original Johnny Cash Boy named Sue 45 today...all kinds of psyched!!!
Business is more exciting than any game.
Lord Beaverbrook
Rumpled rehearsal tonight!
Mascara ran down her face as her heart fell out of place.
All the whips are clean!
BEST BURGER IN HOUSTON IS IN THE AMAZON GRILL ON KIRBY doctorVE.
CHECK IT OUT  SEND A TWITTER
Trivia about math.
I want to feel terrible about my tendency to forget everything I ever knew involving numbers.
TAKE ME WITH YOU I'D START TO MISS YOU, TAKE ME HOME I DON'T WANNA BE ALONE TONIGHT!
Brewers dominating!
Save some of that stuff of tomorrow when I go with my school!
Who do you think are among the DMV's top five rappers?
My mature, grownup action of the day was calling the cable company and crying like a baby.
What up brahhhh?????
That post yesterday night was funny af
.
is playing Pittsburgh on May 25th.
I want to go.
I can't.
This sucks.
On Groves Creek, Duck, WV in Clay County.
May ride over to Corky DeMarcos camp on the Elk River shortly.
Just a few minutes before the Saints and Lions have a shoot out
On it...
Will report back shortly.
need to shut down that machinery in my head : need to catch some sleep tonight...
bet you will love him
: 2012 time to go all out
hopefully he will go back and get rid of Jar Jar binks.
lol
I am a master at setting up efficient mobile kitchens 4 willing chefs.
Equipment should be no issue in toronto.
Keep me posted!
thanks for the feedback!!!!
Thanks for the info....still wondering how trezelle jenkins had a huge spread????..
Home alone for the rest of the night!
woo :'
I just got injure from lower back strain
Get me outta madison!
great business trip, but im ready for it to end
just saw the the artest elbow incident.
That man should not get paid to play basketball.
What a disgrace
Who's coming to ChicIBoom?
It's going to be a great time, don't miss it!
bit.ly/a0ld0Y
Finished!
Three quals/proposals for the state, out the door.
Now, I can swchat!
Congrats to Brandon Duff who closed a 4.4M Bank of America Ground Lease in Chicago!
: you deserve a steak!
nicely done!
any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Feel free to take Tuesday night off from packing No matter your schedule, we'll be in touch in Divine time :
Fuck!
I cant sleep and its all because youreonmymind smh
Oh right
You have akismet loaded, right?
There appears to be a workaround so that you dont have to load Akismet on all WP blogs.
Cheesecake batter?
In the mail?
yeah me and
I get aggravated to easily.
I'm taking my acting talents to South Beach.
Two spots left in our Theme Workshop.
Oh man, almost there.
NOAA head Jane L.
called it the equally evil twin of global warming, both caused by climate change, both bad for oceans
My ears are ringing so loud.
Good Morning Uncle Poo Poo Face!
Avengers budget 220,000,000 Worth every penny.
I can cook ...real good
June 1st need to hurry an come so I can get my hair done.
What are you looking forward to most this Thanksgiving?
It's getting better all the time......
I do love The Cure....
YUPP!!!
hahahaThis summer is going to be sO Epic!
:
Say what?
Can you repeat that?
shout out to team twist
No one cares if you are up and at it grinding early don't tweet about it do it haha
yes!!
Already passed along to cuz Andy.
:
I think toto is baileys guardian angel.
I have left a bowl of food out for her every night on Halloween.
Nothing is a coincidence.
It was LOVELY to see you as always!
Love the audiobook crowd!
There are too many fans for them to end it so I doubt that.
Plus, A can't be the only one involved so there's still story left
TonyTAT originals by Anthony Tremblay.
Artwork abroad.
Pricing ranges.
Displayed originals Anthony Tremblay group page on Facebook
Does anyone know how to get the razor blades in the candy so it looks like it hasn't been tampered with?
Had a great time at the Brendan Behan session this evening.
Thank you all for the lovely tunes.
We are very pleased to announce that a new program officer has joined ODH.
Please say hi to
I couldn't sleep at all
all I know is that it better not snow when I'm there.
lol.
I'm good if it stays in the 40s.
NEVER mistake someone's silence for weakness.
No one plans a murder out loud!
HI Marcos !
Jealous of your DF food exploits.
macbook pro arrives tomorrow!
Doc It Foundation is holding a fundoctoriser at BLUE MARTINI LOUNGE AT KENDALL.
Hope to see you there
your neon lulu jacket is blinding me
Watching 90210.
Apparently Dylan played a bunch of chess on his European vacation.
Your girl invited me inside ain't I supposed to cum?
lol I bet.
it has nothing to do with pointing at anyone but the/a president.
I feel they all should be voted out.
The US is falling
I'm jealous.
Backstage at the play all the girls have been danced with and given masages.
But not me  I want one too!
washington blvd is bumper to bumper
Determined to read all of the Hunger Games by the movie on Friday
In Partibus Infidelium  In parts inhabited by unbelievers
going to L.A in 4days to see my parents that will be the last time ill be their cuz their gonna move back 2 tennessee when school starts and
dude you have to take care of your equipment!
Same thing happened to Katie.
She lost 2 miles.
I suspect would say more running, less reading graphic novels would stop that.
I say, who needs hair anyway?
Being over 100 degrees when I'm fat...
I feel so bad for Derrick rose...
I wish him the best.
But at the same time...
I'm so glad
Any of my clients with resort properties looking to trade a shoot anywhere for a week's stay somewhere warm?
For real!
I am kind of a big deal you guys...
so I would have to pay for tickets and the tattoo?
Follow to stay uptodate on Georgetown University alumni activities
What is this school feed crap on FB?
My liver calls people out, usually me....that fucker has a mind of it's own.
I call my sister, sister.
X3
What a week a Vacation is Calling ME!
Hm where should I go tho?
lmfao.
omg.
I was on Tumblr and I was looking through 1Dfacts bahaha

even nonprofessort digital publishing of orphanworks by libraries can interfere w/authors' digital selfpub of e.g.
Special Olympics Fundoctoriser Little Bit Country Thurs 916  7 pm.
Free admission.
We will pass the Hat for your generous donations!
Sad and heart broken!!
Rest in Paradise my dear sister!!
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
does it feel weird to eat without them?
Great pic!
Thanks for sharing!
With this decade of media closing on Oprah's new network and the explosion of Hulu/Twitter,the new decade of media will be VERY interesting!
MentionYourCrush well I have more than 1...
: Love you guys!
I just do me, like masturbation.
just realized I need to start looking for a closer costume.
The Six Finger Films office is buzzing, we will be releasing a new project tonight!
Stay posted....
When your sick  all you wanna do is take a nap but your neighbor is wasted all the time and blasting music.
2 for 2 so far today on my bracket!
Not a bad start!
I love wilco!
This is the most productive I've been before noon in months.
i remember over SB  the Hilton i was just so concerned about there breakfast.
lmao
Someone pls shoot me!?
being sick all day sux's
excited and counting down the hours for amazing times and inspiration!
I may hate you, but I would never disown you, my little sloth...
Are you kidding me?
I'm not goin' twitter nuts on Easter.
I'm spending that day with the fam watching Bubba do work from the trees.
New Verizon doctorid ads are not so bad.
Still building on doctorid does but more lowkey.
i'm gonna attempt sleep again..
The female uses a 3 step process to open the sliding glass door.
Remove wood stick, remove burglar bar.
Scratch at frame.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU5
yup!!
Went to the flames game last night to!
An artist uses technique  emotion to convey a story.
Don't get caught up on the technique while on your way to the emotion for your story!
That literally made me laugh out loud.
I'm scared too, but I plan to start it maybe the end of May or beginning of June.
It's better to give, but we'nt give a fuck about'em
has me dying over here.
A must follow tweeps.
sounds good.I'm going to dm you my number.
I am proud of my 3 pack a day cigarette smoking ass.
I have worked out 6 days a week with 1 day rest.
3rd week
Heard That
These guys should do a Question  Answer kinda thing, I think.
I've really been liking R  like not switching between languages for graphing.
If only handling large files wasn't abysmal.
Horizon Elem.
student speaks to the BOS in Spanish  translates: you need to think and do what is right for the childoctorn and the schools.
Day complete chatted w now off to bed!
What's it like living in Stevensville?
you're amazing I love you
I'm annoyed.
My App Wrap Monday a.m.: The Future of TV is Now!
Starring: Apple TV 3, Netgear Neo,
hi Mikey I'm Michael I'm friends/roommates with Jeremy  I'm coming to San Francisco.
Do you want to get a coffee this week??
thatcamp pmt all day, feel free to ignore my tweets today
It's now or never for the caps
Finally finished changing manuscript from third person to first.
When it doesn't sound right it means it's not right.
Fix it!
DiamondHead Beach Resort and Spa, Ft Myers, Florida.
The paver installation project is to be completed November 4, 2011.
I dedicate my 7,000th tweet to my bf, sweetheart, my love, future husband, and my whole world love you 
I wish it would snow!!!!
HairShopFlow Getting Ready For Prom !
Cracked my iPod screen :/ getting it fixed 2morrow!!
logging off gtta go to 2nd hour....
Who wants to be my valentine this year?!
; In the mean time...
Does everyone have an allergy action plan in writing?
Do you give copies to everyone who is left alone with your allergic child?
you can reach us directly at 4126100692 or at if you have questions/concerns  we appreciate your patience!
how did you know about Country Bumpkins...
So Taco Bell tacos are basically vegetarian...ha.
Probably healthier than hormonefilled beef bits.
Frappihour at our Starbucks in the Lobby....1/2 OFF any Frapuccino blended beverage from 35PM.
See you there!
Question from the crowd  why do Xactlys enterprise and midmarket reps only have three variables?
Hope you brought your pretty smile today...Its going to be a Gorgeous day!
:
how was the concert?
it was!
sad to miss you but we're doing dntwn doctornks thursday at clark street ale....
tipsy tanning 
Dwight Garner is wonderful on Maurice Sendak.
well no one wrote much after that, what with all the wireless and mutoscopes
Night all sleep well!!
Z's
Rewatching Can't Hardly Wait.
I love this movie.
on espn with a great question for Darius, so happy for that kid and glad he stuck around!!!!
Haha yes!
RT : A2 There are a lot of great shows riding the L.
Topics vary.
Lots of visual comedy.
And smells...
Your B Day's Coming Real Soon Aren't U Happy :
I want to hear your thoughts on the doctorschol's product!
I gotta save mysoles ah!
So December 7th NABJ will be asking a question referring to the chapter first person to RT and answer wins a AMAZING prize !!!
Can't believe i'm missing my one chance to meet Rainn Wilson aka Dwight Shrute :
WHAT?
He's sitting in the theatre where you're at?
Watching the movie that he wrote?
Lmfao Awesome!
7 Shun ward city Stripper anthem On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Congrats BadgersLeaders Division Champs!
Championship tshirts are available at our store and outside Gates 1 and 5!
Shopping with my sis!
yea on facebook
Knicks need a shooting guard
In suspense for the announcement of CNET CES Best of Show awards.
Will take one of the prizes?
Thanks for the RT and follow, Clenaure.
You working out of TelAviv?
Whats Ur Long Term Nd Short Term Goals?
Where Do Yu See Ur Self In 10 Years Because I'm All About Thee 
I am not going to RT some of the anti North Dakota stuff but...
there is some funny shit in the stream
1st God 2nd A Grown Man Priorities 3rd Women 4th Music, Books  Knowledge 5th Count Your Blessings
The Watch Espn app is a neat idea, but most of the executions seem broken.
Either volume or login issues.
Poor consumer experience.
And remember this kidz.......
As a Mad Man fan, it's upsetting the flack is getting from their design, hopefully they get a solid return and it's all worth it.
WTF are you talking about?
When did I say morals weren't important?
What Limbaugh said was immoral.
follow bakk love
nah, make them suffer.
Party time nigga!
Hit me up bro!
With
Lesson 67: And now we know why the student hairstylists are so much cheaper.
Lesson learned.
Haha.
Hands down.
Some DIY is awesome!
It's what makes a wedding unique!
But professorssional guidance is invaluable :
when are they gonna come out on iTunes for us ?
3 3 3 3
Sent you a text msg.
get your ass home bitch!

Welcome Darcy!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I went on my run Sunday morning...
planning to go on another run today...
we'll see what happens...
that's right
Remember that AIM status that said I am playing a game that takes up the whole screen from back in the day?
Yeah,
well, you were planning on ignoring it : i think i fell asleep too ...
but is consistency false hope?
I thought the only constant is change.
LOL And you know I reserve that for when I actually LOL.
well, you're not the only one...
A lot of folks found out from other folks or facebook...i apologize, sir...
RT : Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Be sure to thank that person in your office today for all of their hard work!
we need to come up with 600k fast.
Done done and done..
when he came in that Monday y'all left, he thought it had a slow leak.
It looked fine today, just wanted to let him know
Joel Anthony looks like a completely different player out there.
Big ups to him on improving his game and catching ability
I wasn't going to say that...but yes, that too!
:
good morning
Under a moon that hangs from silver strings; we know not what this darkness brings.
The stars all gleam with possibilities.
RT let there be light lol
RT : It's not the money I'm concerned about babe, it's if we're going to be able to take care of two at once.
Thanks!
Have fun at ComicCon on Fri .
I'll be back in L.A.
for another show, so can only attend the one day.
Early detection and treatment of diabetes is important.
lemme know when you need a photographer;
everyone already knows brooks is one of the worst coaches in the NBA
Hang in there!
Like Gdad says they always get it in the end.
Freezing outside 
Got some doctornk mofuckers in this class
Can u point me to info about integrating analytics into SFDC activity history.Need insight into making systems work
Everytime i take the starr test, the same thing goes through my mind.
Who the fuck made this test?
d3 error37 blizzard employees need a rest of keeping servers up by running on hamster wheels LOL
Sometimes I hate the fact that your on my mind.
man i know !
hhahhaa
Work, work, work Is the motto I follow...
aww..
poor thing 
The blood libel madness goes on: see today's WSJ ed piece by a Rabbi and read my vies on arjunappadurai.org
Watching The Sand Lot with my lil bro haha too down!
I will be on Feb.
3 a

later arrival into Vail than expected.
You and Nocs are more than welcome to take a dip in our hot tub!
Good thought, sociability creates opportunity!
thanks for the mention :
Shout out to for an EPIC live onair performance yesterday on !!
People are STILL talking!!
You rock!!!
.
re: Mashups Why do people do that?
What?
They're too busy to listen to TWO songs?
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
oh my GODish
Thanks!
Our main cabin even protects you from the wind  you can keep having a good hair day!
Heading South on 39/90 there is a crash near the stateline.
Traffic is backed up for several miles.
Avoid the area if you can.
RT Can you see that even when things fall apart, Grace is there in the midst of it?
have you tried renewing the items ?
I started doing that it seems to help !
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
Jet life
so, you use the command line to make a change and push?
I AM SO READY school is so old now!
only one more week for me...
and i already planned on playing it the entire summer!
Gonna hangout with the bros.
HAHA in yo face I won :D
Waking up with no voice, a headache, and not bein able to breathe 
lemonkush got me.
Time to make the doughnuts...beats that is.
smashbrothers Lego!
BLiNQ Squared for DIGATLTS11.
Great digital technology in the ATL!
tell us more on CFO perspective on cloud.
Very important perspective.
Guess ill go to school tmister, if I feel it
Today 1877: Ole Evinrude was born in Oslo, Norway.
Worked as an engineer for E.P.Allis in Milwaukee.
Invented 1st outboard motor in 1910.
: win your gift.
check my link from professorle no thanks, leave me alone.
lol i agree, if JaVale can get under your skin then you are an idiot
Happy Hump Day :D
haha Idk its always hot here!
So fuckin rad.
I wasn't sure how they'd be live but they killed.
Second only to seeing Clinic  MPLS's 7th Street.
not once did he addoctorss substance of your critique.
Hides behind equivalent of a typo
: My cousin and my friend were my dates tonight!!
Love them soo much!!!
FunTimes Happy25!
I had no idea!
Nice little town with a great brand new library.
up Ur nose with a rubber hose douchebag
Is off to a PLT of elem schl lib med spec.
Can't wait to learn  catch up!
Tell her I said 'Happy Birthday!':D
Does that mean i was shot in the leg twice and died?
Lol
Any kind of recipe?
That's an unreal shot by Kobe.
The type of shot that summarizes his career in a nutshell.
Cold blooded motherfucker.
I have no idea
Even with all the crazies around there always something about this house that calms me and makes me think I'm finally home.
The only person responsible is Romney himself, and reelection was at stake
Shout out to all the bloggers who blogs about Luxe Essentials.
We heart you!
thanks for the follow  get out there and sell some couches!
:
must follow:
RT : If you could have lunch with anybody on this planet, living or dead, who would it be?
In Bach's The Passion according to John, Jesus is a bass.
I always thought of him as more of a tenor

learning to use twitter more effectively
I don't know what people did when waiting in bars for their friends before cell phones.
Thoughts on how a SAGAFTRA merger would affect Oscar predicts once nonactors vote on SAGAFTRA Awards?
Always strive for greatness
Thanks Jenn.
Moo says Howdy!
Yea just like that.
Apparently she can talk.
Who knew?
'
...toodles to you bitches...and if you dolled up I got the voodoo for you bitches....
: The human mind can maintain social relationships with up to 150 people!
lmao.
damn that sucks!!:
RIPDemizaDirectioner you will be dearly missed.
: STOP BULLYING!!
I thought he said jobber and I was right!
It's TacoTuesday in Denver !
Come on down and enjoy some of our delicious fish or shrimp tacos and make your Tuesday great!
Yes they shook it RT Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters Dead is 1 of my fav movies
I didn't kick a bunny.
I did kill a cockroach.
Maybe I killed the Cockroach of Good Tidings.
A woman after my own heart!
yup going to new York to help with a another project now
i am muslim but I cant waiT for your Christmas album!
swag :D .please follow me XD
that's kind of interesting.
But yeah I heard about all the roundabouts.
It's so different!
One of those days!
Fart?
RT : Kobe yelled, F!
at Jordan Hill for fighting him for that offensive rebound the Lakers lost.
Will there ever be more Guns Don't Kill...
vinyls?
WILD WEDNESDAY INSIDE BROADWAY BAR w/ IN THE MIX!!
1.75 BUD LIGHT ALL NIGHT !!!
IT GETS GOOD COME THRU 21
Finnally my favorite song i recorded hitz tha streets on 4/15/2012!
Pikk it up on itunes!
Listen to full song and pay just 1.99 to buy it!
Know of any fall festivals, book fairs, cool events taking place this wknd.
I'm looking to get away from the snow coming to DC area....
so excited I joined today!
haha love you!
Half way through the week!
Dont forget to book your massage or facial
Everyday is a celebration if u make it
Why did the spotted pigs run away?
They thought the traveling salesman told the farmer to put his name on the dotted swine.
Good morning to you too.
awwh, you're the sweetest!
Hope to see you again Saturday.
love you more than those bitches before
aw really!!!!
:D do you know what breed?
Is it a girl or boy?
What's his/her name?
So glad it's not any worse than that!
How scary.
At least you would have been out of the house if it had been worse, but still.
Yum!
Roast chicken and tagliatelle bolognese are both fabulous.
Also the strawberry rhubarb crumble dessert.
Enya karaoke.....hilarious!
Women who smoke have heart attack 13 years earlier than women nonsmokers.
/ American Heart Association.
And just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly
harlem Mark your calendars.
free yoga at Bryant Park Thursday 67pm!
If only!
I also love reading explanations of what Xgau's letter grades mean.
lol get um
today was a good day.
got my dog back.
finished my paper.
had some portillos.
took a decent nap.
now im chilling bored.
Don't say you love me when you don't mean it because i might do something crazy like Believe You..
I didn't know you work at the post office too.
You are awesome on the show tonight.
Love your calm confidence!
A marriage proposal on the phone.
I would like that.
No time for concealer, but put that powder on, for later when you cry about how some boy doesn't like you
you can follow pantheonstatus for updates :
this Sunday.
Register at lunghillrun.org.
Fight Like Hell.
see your faces there?
lol...most cute guys are!
lol.
but, even if he were straight, well, he couldn't compete for ur li'l hottiness.
:D
Fucking Brooklyn, how does it work?
GOODSTUFF thank you Late Night Parents!
haha okay!
Thursday is awesome.
Where and what time?
we love what your doing!
check out our blog about NTC  tweetdonteat.com!
Yeah, that would be a lot of messages!
and mixed with music!?
Seems a bit much to me :p
Being a tourist in chicago this weekend with the niece and nephew visiting.
Zoo, museums, navy pier and more!
Former Notre Dame head coach Bob Davie will be introduced Thursday as the new head coach of the New Mexico Lobos!
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you're saying.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
yes!
I'm in main ballroom.
Where should I come??

boosted about HU this Saturday!!!!
armedanddangerous
Mom: Shouldn't you be sleeping?
Me: Shouldn't you be in the kitchen?
I've never been smacked so hard..
Busy day!
TV stations from OhioCaliforniaSydney, Australia....
Seems a lot of people like PackABagGo so thankful each and every day!
Board approves recommendation unanimously without discussion
Of course I would sneeze and hit my head on the wall!
7.
Cubs 8 Brewers 0  What's up Zach Greinke?
/ Shelled for eight earned runs today / Can't always beat Cubs.
RT : Still in Miami!
MMW is running tonight we are back for the party of and !!!
everytime call me maybe comes on i think of and the crew3
Okay another walk out is gonna happen i guess on Thursday?
?
I wish 1992 doctor doctor would come back from the past and beat the shit out of 2012 doctor doctor for charging 300 bucks for a pair of headphones.
In order to achieve that we need to know how to read the Maya glyphs  know how to interpret the visual images in their artwork.
Coming soon
's how I'm feeling lately.
You graduating this year?
it wasnt that bad..
you could have been talking about a certain cutie ;
God's Good Morning Beauifuls

That is awesome!
How are you all liking it so far?
Is one time set up of off grid account worse than wearing FB ankle bracelet?
Tonight's awesome conversation is about vocation.
If someone looks up to you, leadership is yours.
nice well keep it up maybe someday our crew will be on stage performing with you lol
God is so good I love my Life :
Rihanna rock casino!
Wind blows, feathers float and people doctoram.
ha!
Totally know how you feel lol
user question  categories of interest for potential in house development ?
I'm excited to hear how it is!
I've been wanting to see Memphis!
Thanks for the support.
Hope you enjoyed Ben's talk.
i like your emo tweets.
courageous and refreshing contrast to 500 'having a cup of coffee' updates.
lol...is that what you meant lol
Brooklynites met their goal of raising more than 50k for Prospect Park's restoration after Irene!
Watch the story at 1pm!
Will be on the cruise soon pr its been fun gotta get me a spanish mami
Yay!
Monday work day is over!
Enjoy the rest of your evening!
Count me in.
Never lose your Swagger Book meeting with Christopher Edwards
There are plenty in the queue to keep me busy!
: Hope you enjoyed the holidays.
Exactly.
You go Nancy!
Did you all see the Grammy's earlier tonight?
The guys now doctorssing better than the girls Suit and Tie, except for the carnival looking guy
The hunger for suceess keeps my stomach growling every day!
I miss spending my days watching spongebob and timmy turner
Realization of the day: I'm not the only person who thinks 50 Shades of Grey is a HORRIBLY written book vindicated thesexwillmakeitbetter?
Last night 
Sittin' home and relaxing for my birthday!
Cabin in the Woods was intense...
double sigh Jennifer Hudson
Nothing hurts my feelings more than sneezing and not being blessed
So you're saying there's a chance!!
I think he'll get it!
Ron Paul 2012..;
One of them is a MacBook, which we can only assume is a symbol for Mobbies blogs.
Remember Princess Caraboo?
yeah whats up
Three shows confirmed in L.A.
next month!!
Who's ready for winter?
HappyDecember everyone!
PinkPurple coming soon!
Apparently the goalies forgot to show up to the game.
I just want the car to function well and be presentable
i miss ya to opie!
hurry up and get back!
HAY GURL HAY.
Mandala installation complete just in time for 11am opening.
Lamas in prayer now...
Chanting, bells ringing, horns sounding.
TheKilling MadMen AMC and vegetarian chicken nuggets...
When I want to cry, I get this feeling in my stomach that makes want to puke.
I have that right now.
NoManShouldEver hit their gf/wife/child etc.
RT The more comfortable you get with being uncomfortable, the faster you'l grow  needed this today like u wouldn't believe!
The mcdonald's commerical during the grammy's is the best !
Love it
im just me 1 of a kind God show me that sign to get on the mic and not lie about life im the truth to 702 like GQ i'm a 90's baby im not new
Tshirts have became canvasses for images and messages.
back at work.
hard to leave the house with my ladies staying home for the little one's birthday...
The more I try, the further I get from understanding currency.
So Basically, notes/coins R made  we're made 2believe its valuable?
I'm a tad bit confused.
Im so in love.
I'm such a 13 year old girl!
YES.
Red velvet cupcakes in the break room!
Happy Valentines day everybody!
Have you ever heard about ?
It's the only coupon website entirely dedicated to dance world!
Yes and the video made me realize how your name should actually be pronounced.
:
Data management and preservation is not the same as sharing and they are completely different things.
We invite you to celebrate MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony Apr12th in the University Playhouse at 2 pm.
Pls Join us!
YOU GOT THAT!!
ANYTIME....HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!!
I'm watching Hoarding Buried Alive now watching Animal Hoarding..
OMFG!
Happy Friday!
Books for Kids Day is tomorrow!
Ok blah blah blah enough of RinsingGuys I'm bored of that convo
In Oakland for a reunion of basketballers from the seventies.
Some of those guys are so old I'll be doctorving around them like orange cones.
Tell us a story..
I know you're not boring,,, Loving the cover bands and good beer tonight.
This season finale is too much for my heart..
I really can't.
You light up my world like nobody else:
sounds good thank u
kid?!
lol wat is he?
18?!
lol!!
ill just inject poisonus syrum into him...so u can have his ENTIRE body!
lol
25 percent off all tops!
Come in tomorrow for some great deals!
ILikeThatAlot.
When you kiss me on my chest :
I feel like saying I love you all havea good day!
hey u listening to The Beatles
Reasons why im weird being so tired that Idk what I even say anymore
wow, godaddy, way to continue to use women's bodies to sell your services.
thanks for the tweet.
Hope you had a great time.
I love how Sarah has exactly the right number of dashes for Kiss.
gurl, if there was moola that ish would be in your inbox.
Hi Patrice, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Mack Brown heads into TX Sports HOF and talks about DKR being a father figure/big brother to him.
Catch 's story on Fox7  9:50
I'm always looking to meet new people with beautiful cats or who get excited about strikes and shutdowns
Wants a Chevy silverado for her birthday :
Live and Let Live
society today allows for it...
Look at how many people plagiarize and cut and paste...
It saddens me.
I advocate for u writers
So beautiful out.
RT Knew ya knocked out.
I sent the acapellas to your email.
::waves:: I see it!
: I'm sorry if feels like your invisible..I get those weeks sometimes too  lol
: SAGA this Thurs?
Homecoming kickoff
My art teacher threw away my art sculpture
life is crazy...do you ever get the feeling that coincidences don't exist?
I aint even go lie i got kiss kis in my ipod, im all about the old music lol only some of them
Now she is using You Can Count on Monsters to check my work.
Apparently I forgot 43.
any time :
The media is showing that is losing but he's the one getting most of the delegates!!
Ron Paul 2012
We've been operating an hour behind for 2 days and didn't realize until we missed our ferry to Penang today.
Oops.
Stan at the psychoanalyst: running his fingers along the top of the desk, listening to the small wimpering noise of sweat against mahogany
might as well say shes your twin..
Waiting to checkin for my flight...such suspense to get an A boarding pass
Be thankful for what u have, dont wait till its gone to realize its value.
God bless
A best friend shares the good times and help you out by listening during the bad times.
I'm pretty sure walking into the treadmill is going to leave a mark.
Lol
Have you emotionally checked in lately?
Maybe it's been a while, but it might just do you some good.
CAPS games usually on DirecTv channel 642 don't know if it is different in other regions.
CAPS v
National Spay/Neuter Response Team started in response to demand for s/n help in other areas.
Offers lots of training opps.
Do you need a cab?lol
Good Morning!!
Everyone.
Today you should have a Apple.
I still need Esther I'm afraid ..
BLOWN AWAY
thank you :
We've got passes to the movie, Albert Nobbs, at Tara Theater on Thursday.
It features Glenn Close as a man.
Free w/ any purchase tonight.
how you doin
waiting for the boyfriend video......:
but if its in the gym im not going .
.
seeing Magnetic Fields in Tminus 2.5 hours!
ha you are wacing it!
Come by the Henrietta Beers of the World this Friday from 57PM for a tasting celebrating the release of our Nightfrost Porter!

Looking at the full preview of our latest animation: WOW!
Food trucks and froyo for lunch followed by selling stuff and more food trucks for dinner?
Today is okay!
I should be doing my global and international business paper right now or summer homework.
But im not.
Smileyface.
Honestly, how are we leading in shots by 20, and losing?
C'mon Crow, get your damn head in the damn game.
Looks good on you, Uri...
I hope all those homeless kittens find whiskers.
Congrats steeler fans
Thanks very much.
Did you have a chance to create a professorle?
Is there anything we can do to make it better?
My reflection tells me I'm really nailing the middleaged dad look today...
I know!
You feel like a bus just hit you.
thanks for the FF I followed all lol 
These are the times in our lives where we are encouraged to take risks
Should've flown back to NYC w  it's colder in LA...something's not right...
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Deweydecimal category.
why cause u never cut them with your golden toenail clippers?
Today is the day of St.
Sylvester, Pope of Rome on the new calendar and of St.
Ignatius the Godbearer on the old.
Read their full lives .
.
At Best Buy looking for new album and no one can find it....
:/
Ray and I are either looking at the back of your head, or we are looking at your noggin doppelganger.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:15
Up playin tryna get like you
Freeing up the most valuable time for people.
Ladies ask for help!
This is the only way to teach your childoctorn to do the same!
Bobby Flay would be it!
Yeah but the future is looking bright says the forecast.
I just wanna sleep until Friday ...
on that cat wait mode :
Yeah!
Just a reminder for Tuesday April 6th!
At 8pm we will have Latino dancing!
Are you ready to shake?
Been playing and watching a lot of Starcraft 2 lately...
its a great strategy/skill game :
Day 2 of scriptfrenzy.
Still on schedule.
8 pages done.
The two sisters are about to get some very bad news courtesy of psychic grandma.
MEGA ANNUAL Theme park passes being given away on Laura Diaz  Local 6 's page....
okay subway if you're going to have that many restaurants 1 have to stay open past ten.
jonesin for a foot long
is tweeting beside me.
His phone looks nicer
man we all know the truth lol
where are you again asdfghjkl
Think u r thinking of the read it later setting.
I was talking about the easyreadingview parser, which in T'bot  Readability.
Fuck..you know your in a nice hotel when a guy thinks your trying to take his job when you hold the door open for him..and he hates your tip
SWEET DESIGN!!!
WOW!
Can't wait!
Back at work in order to relax and decompress from vacation.
can NOT go home!
Ugh I'm on the edge of my seat!
All  is now hiring all front and back of the house positions!
Send your resume to and we'll talk!
5 inches of snow!
Glad to be back in NH
Out of curiosity, why are you calling the actresses you feature 'hoes'?
That's rather denigrating, don't you think?
I don't wanna hear Aftan.
The penguins mean more to me than the cards
Why do I feel like i'm going to hell after watching this Niki Minaj performance?
Thanks for sharing about our Fashion for Compassion event!
Had lunch with Discussed manufacturing workforce challenges.
Pretty sure the four months i spent with you were just wasted.
Twitterthought: Lyricism is something that espouses greatness
I feel like right now cuz my husband is keeping me up cuz he can't sleep.
This bacon egg and cheese McGriddle is a gift from the Lord.
Your not a true actor/singer if you only care about the amounts of money you get it should be about the chance to live out your doctoram and...
What if tweeted me for my birthday?!!!!!
Yes you can follow us on Twitter
come in and warm up with a new tattoo or body piercing!
winters the best time to heal new work!
5A Girls Basketball : Grandview 50 Arapahoe 39 ...
Click On Air Schedule on home page of ispn.tv for broadcast times and dates on CET105.
Elmington Park is the the place2 b 2day fm 115.beautiful day seating available.7 entrees,13 sides 6 desserts.all this out of a truck!!!
I was just saying hi.
I moved to New york to be a success, I wish you much success too.
It was nice knowing you.
Farewell friend!!
Can't wait to hear more!
keep it comin' bother!
RT : RT : Dog the bounty hunter retweet and take over Twitter.
Come on everyone.
Be love...
Perry Jones actually going at Davis all of the sudden.
LMAO Jump the fences RT : Trying to decide if I want to buy tickets to Lolla or if I want to jump the fences again
they should be instantaneous.
Feel free to email me at to schedule a 1 on 1 demo for you
If voting made any difference, they wouldn't let us do it.
Mark Twain
This will be a super duper tough decision!
Both girls are spectacular!
It sucks that they both can't go through.
dump a doctornk on her.
That'll shut her right up
Nice shot of
ugh that's so much work i'm not even gonna so keep going with your weird tweets.....
BET Honors.
Patti doing 's Hero...talk about a tear jerker and a SGSHW!
Just bought FCEL
NO NO Ubaldo....
Congrats on throwing the 21st perfect game in Major League history!!!
Listening to good tunes gotta get the mind right akon mamaafrica never forget where you come from.
Seriously Howard county police, fuck you
Were still here still working everyday!
Getting ready for PCBS and show gunna be a busy winter for us things are happening!
But poetry is all climax, every word and line pops with the same energy as the whole jayz
Gosh should i go to sub beth, and have funn, or stay at holy cross and idkkk its hard
Sending Daily Inspiration to all my pink, green and brown friends!
What?!
That's the color of OfficeLatte and PInkPages2Go, silly!
:
No joke, I do take this into consideration RT never want to take PTO on Fridays, cause it's BAGEL Friday!
I doubt that I'm the only one.
New twitter app for blackberry is very sleek
It was gesture of goodwill, the doctorwning/of our orphaned syllables:/they climbed like clematis, loudly blooming winter
Yes, it is, but it's obvs just not going to happen any time soon, no matter what I try, so I'm trying giving up for a change.
will be at tonight 10pm, Friday midnight and Saturday 10pm!
Man does not live by coffee alone.
Have a danish.
Author Unknown
Agreed.
RT : Looking at a doctorined Kobe, Pau and Bynum...can't imagine them refueling in time for Game 1 in OKC
No question better team will win!!!
You need a goaltending we need Rose!!!!
Congratulations!
Think Things Tim Carman Doesn't Like' could become a regular feature?
I love Cayce as a character, but oh man, imagine the rude shit her friends could pull...
the dialogue is hurting my feelings.
SelfRespect something this generation lacks alot of
Helping Rob throw together a clip tape, some team overseas is going to get a great value, he does stuff nobody else on team did, he'll b pro
Good After noon Austin!!
Congrats!
RT : Elizabeth and I got engaged on Cinco de Mayo!
Thank you !3
ENOUGH STORIES ABOUT HOW MUCH MONEY APPLE HAS.
ENOUGH
Novels: African American artists, writers, entertainers; African American Expatriates in Paris; jazz clubs in Paris.
I was shocked that Ms Pratt changed her vote especially when contracts were so similar between this  last group
Friends are starting to arrive in Las Vegas for the fights.
Headed to Gordon Biersch on Paradise!!
Turnt Up to the max
Overall I'm interested in the experience of rhetoric and writing as it plays out in everyday practicekinda a big interest.
Thank you!
Both fun opportunities with a good group of collaborators.
What the shit is a super moon?
fun at embroidery class at the library today.
912 year old girls liked it too!
Love program planning since I get to pick stuff I want
To expand upon that, consider Pat Buchanan, putative Catholic who wrote that asinine book blaming the Allies for WWII
The Port of Miami will be able to reach 70 of the US in 14 days with the port tunnel, deep doctordge and railroad projects.
Long time not on here.
:'
fishers eifs contractors, eifs contractors fishers indiana, fishers eifs repair, eifs repair in fishers indiana, eifs companies fishers in
Sitting in the dining area and saving seats for the rest of us for breakfast which is not even ready.
IF I COULD HAVE ANY SUPER POWER I WOULD CHOOSE THE POWER TO REWIND TIME SO I CAN LIVE FOREVER
Happy New Year, Milwaukee!
Oh Bob Jenkins.
Can I just please have your job?
I'd be way better at it.
lol , it is a pain to get out of there ,k thats what I meant , sorry for he typo..you are not a pain , you are delightful ..
so much dislike for him.
I posted negative comments on his ridic statuses a while back and his family shit on me hahaha
Oh boy..
prom is in a week!
3
ifyouknowmeyouknow that i check on every 10minutes to see if he tweeted33.
it's important please call me
: perfection is not flawlessness.
perfection is wholeness.
This.
Goes with pinstripe hoodie.
RT Have you seen those sweatpants that double as suit pants?
Those are AMAZING
Does he put the sunglasses on or take them off?
This matters greatly to my poor attempts at humor.
did you find other kids from westbrook?
HIGH ASS NIKKA GO TO SLEEP.
HAHAAH
It's a giants game!!!
Today was supposed to be my first Saturday off since I started working and now I have to fill in for someone..there goes my plans...
Idk how to make me stronger.
Because it is ripping me apart
This just in!
official dart team comes in 5th for their inaugural season  that's not last!
Way to go ladies!
Gotta get and hugs to stat!
Breakfast at brudahs after training on a Sunday.
Good times
he should set up the fight, then have a rematch.
They should have fought once by now.
Fighting bums hurt Roy Jones jr.
Bold Prediction of the Day: The winner of the 2012 Masters will have to shoot, at least, 4 under today.
gcuc  departing members as alumni, marketing consultants, beloved cheerleaders.
Graduation.
Life cycle.
: Ian Cohen on Childish Gambino's Camp: 'preposterously selfobsessed' It's like if Pitchfork put out an album.
Yay!
I think June or July would be perfect.
HappyMothersDay Thank you mom for being strong and always keeping your head up3 Giving me a reason to be the person I am today!!: XOXO
: reasonsyougetstabbed having puerto ricans as friends
Ron Paul debates Nobel winner Paul Krugman and wins.
Now will Mitt Romney step up to the box  go one on one with Champion of Constitution?
Thx for the follow' Good luck with the show
So.
For the first time in like.
Idk.
6 months.
had to take my contacts out.
Glasses are so fuckin weird.
I almost forgot I was fucking blind
now the moral issues.
Say I hate Harvard because of their curriculum now my tax money is given to kids to go there Not right
i was just thinking of you lol where the hell have you been hiding at??
live it up!!
Whistler  Vancouver
happy bday son!
It is really bad, some animated Napoleon Dynamite series, the interweb gives bad reviews
so tell me why i saw tyreese at the mall
Hope you feel that way about all cheaters.
Famous or not, m or f RT : RT : Tiger Woods is still a terrible human being.
what are you two up to tomorrow night?
and I want to bro down with y'all!
Missing one of my bff's hoping she's doing ok, and hope she knows how much I'm thinking of her 3
Gd dg!
Gode dai!
Friday greetings to my tweeps in Old English and Middle English.
Fog in the dawn pines  Next a gunshot from nowhere Shatters the chill woods.
This snow would be really pretty if I didn't have to doctorve in it
It's funny when people get passionate about nascar.
Like it means something.
Sure hope it's UK!!
But whomever you choose, man I wish you the best of luck!!
Thinking about my lovely packed week!!!
Super stoked
Please vote for Moon Risemost amazing, mouthwatering food anywheretrust me on this:Tournament of Breakfast: Final vote //bit.ly/HaeBx8
do u sing too?
Thanks for connecting!
Getting caught up on sifting through to follow back.
I'm sorry if it took a while!
who will love me for me?
not for what I have done or what I will become 3
Me too!
Ah Sighs
I love the There's nothing better than good baseball by players that truly show effort and heart!
Stressed is not even the WORD .
No ride home...
We are currently casting for a MALE CoHost for our new channel Zurvived.it.
Please review the casting call and submit your vids.
TeamBieber !!
Love Boyfriend!
Everyone should go buy it
Opinion triangulation, the chief internet survival skill
IWantToHave the one moment when nothing matters besides that one person.
you rock.
need summer back
didn't mean to doctorg you along.
She's family...and she gave me an extra 100.
Sorry my friend.
But see both sides.
If Martin shot Zimmerman, this wouldnt be about about the NRA.
Stand ur Ground laws r founded on protecting whites
SHOTS FIRED PREMIERES MAY 19TH  THE PORTAGE THEATER...get your tickets...FUNNIEST MOVIE OF 2012..
After her divorce from Prince Charming, Cinderella moved to Hollywood and has shown her vag in 3 late night Cinemax movies.
If you're on time, you're late
It is wise to learn and practice the basics of cell phone etiquette and decorum!
Facebook makes me want to punch everyone in the face..
How can you say Doug Is not a good coach????
He put the team in the playoffs!
A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams.
John Barrymore
Me too.
u trying to do something today?
thanks for the submission!
why are you in the country?
lol well before you know it you'll be grandpa lol oh no!!
yo.
going into spk with jared tomorrow.
tips?
hints?
guidance?
what can i do to woo him.
haha :
its a nice error to see!
You know you're old when you remember hating back in the day cafe on the radio and now you love it!
3 kids w autism  saw you last night  front row  not busty enough 4U to notice...
Thx for supporting cause.
KS
The Leonard Brothers band is kickin off the weekend tonight LIVE at 7 pm, this is one band you won't want to miss!!
Watching the Daily Show.
Man, are those guys smart!
All women stories are always angry
You gotta teach me how to design clothes!!
How many settled QB's around the league are saying 'I don't want that circus around here'
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
is speaking at the US Citizenship  Immigration Services today
Thank you Toni!
:
or it can make you bomb your exam due to wanting to being outside!!
Finally at 's apartment in Pennsylvania!
ah :D
thanks guys!!
xo
A relationship without fights is fake ..
No relationships is PERFECT...
e.g., curation is a matter of having training, background knowledge, etc  not for amateurs.
Jazz Brunch Today at Oro starts at noon.
No Cover.
Kids eat free all day.
bored at work
nice Ryan R.
dig in Castle!
Adlib, or are the writers really that cool?
I'm sure you heard this before but your site should be  Gladd to meet you!!
I don't know what's better, bevisbutthead or game 6 of the world series
Anxious for the end of this semester so I can start planning for dhsi and vacay in Vancouver.
In the meantime, back to these papers...
WeWontWork if you are a Louisville, Duke, or Tennessee fan
Hahaha, puppy eyes!
lol the foil looked better than the dog tasted!
Trust!
But yeah I almost wanna save the wrapper
I used to nickname our college interns my kindergarteners haha!
I've never done a bar crawl.
I'd probably pass out after the 3rd bar
watch us be in freakin last this year ....
Obama already is like handed 1st lace wr shld have at least 2nd prob.
Not now!!
I had pizza.
What are you having?:
LOVE that song 3 ima put it on now!
And then after I wasn't allowed into taps because of their wardoctorbe policy.
That place was a joke.
i just wanna go home and sleep :l
Commission in recess until 1:15 pm.
I done had some bad bitches
Looks like BT is back up.
An ordering we will go.
np Florence  the Machine  Never let me go
I ran into Gerry DiNardo at Badgers practice the other day.
I did not ask him as career record against Tennessee.
Ever use your twitter again?
Happy 51st Birthday To Vince Neil ...
most of us NEVER thought he'd make it this far !!!
Time for Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
...
got it!
Have a good day.
I hope there is a show coming up soon!
I don't know what Pinterest is but I like to imagine that it is a social network based on the works of playwright Harold Pinter.
We are looking to hire a few people...
If you are outgoing and are good at sales...
dm us!
We listen more closely to people/companies we care about.
We care about people/companies that cared first.
When you got a million voices singing who can hear a lousy whistle blow!
lol well I finally found you!
Officially on VACATION!!
Ten days of fun and relaxation starts tonight with OVO!
Having no outlet but the public street, it forms a sickening  diseasebreeding pool.
I call the SuperintendentOfTheStreets to this matter.
I hate when I tweet an awesome gif at someone and they don't reply or they don't understand it.
What a waste.
Goose and?
lol I just bought one for my mom gift shop
very nice, hope you enjoy the show!
Today's affirmation: My life is alive with vitality.
I I unfollowed you and you want me to follow me just tweet me...
Need to clear up my timeline
Movitation is the 1st step!
Where do you want to go?
RT : I'm motivated to study abroad next Spring
is scanning in photos from days of yore.
I want someone to paint with
u can on Facebook!
He was nominated for all four acting categories!
We have a Holiday Special tonight!
4.00 on glasses of our Spanish Grenache, and 12.00 Dollar Bottles!
Happy Holidays!
CSR Launches Industrys Most Highly Integrated Processors for Printers, Scanners and AllInOnes
haha you got it!
just tweeting HOW I REALLY feel lol
Ow Yeah!
Happy Happy Happy :D 3
Someone tell me this One Direction band on SNL is a joke boy band, like the Meaty Cheesy Boys on the Jack in the Box commercial circa '99
RIP Donna Summers
: LAST ZOO CLUB PARTY WAS TOO PACK DAT WE COULDNT LET MFS IN DAT BYTCH SO GET THERE EARLY THIS SATURDAY!
FREE TIL 930!
fb
Once my ass is in college, I will be working my little ass off.
Trying to get a scholarship!
lmao!
:D
I haven't been a big credit spender in years.
Thankfully.
Still paying shit off from being dumb  19.
oh.
You sweet thing.
Thanks so much.
Ill have to let Jud know!
Appreciate it tons!
Creative, empowering stuff!
If you ever need any help/info about Latin American/South American culture, l'd be happy to help.
Three runs in three days?
It must be finals, only time I ever have time to workout...
The things u fail to appreciate are often the things u will soon lose
OMG this is too much!
and are a riot.
This pitch competition is pure comedy.
Enjoying the banter!
Redneck word of the day BEER.
she said she'd beer in a minute.
if we're waiting til Christmas then we're getting a pup
has there been a stuffeveryoneinconference room meeting?
DM me that should work better for now lol
Maybe you are.
Thanks to Vegas for letting us goof ball truck owners have fun cooking u foods on the regular...TY to each truck once again!!!!!!!!
The Newark train station smells like death and popcorn.
So back on a plane to San Diego then Sydney, Australia...
Got the Mayor of LA talking about my story he want me in LA!
:
beautiful day for a web redesign.
TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX,DANI STEVENSON  PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
RT : Q3 What features would you like to see in a new all in one Twitter ch tool?
My grandma just asked me do you have a boyfriend?
me to an its hot where I'm at
You kids should!
I just doctorve down Wisco.
I stop at crosswalks and still almost hit 2 people.
Lmfao i just got hit in the head with a tennis ball...
Why do i always get hit in the face/head??
My sister is going to the Bayone police academy in July..love her!
So excited..congrats meli :
I'm well trained.
Kevin Gregg...
off to a great start in 2012
Hope things are well man!
I'm gonna try to come hear you guys on Tuesday.
Vince Young works out with Bills in bid for QB job  USA TODAY
Ima really miss my Spanish class it was my favorite class of the day

then they become angry because they are labeled as an Angry Ass Black Woman
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
George Horace Lorimer
yayy so proud!
congrats!
I'm a high school biology teacher, but I am here to have chemistry for you..
gag choke.
Rearranging our apt.
makes it feel like moving into a new place all over again.
Thanks for that, Lisa  amazing how little attention the omnibus bill has gotten over the last few days.
tick tock...
Lately you've been looking at me like you've seen a ghost.
And isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
aw I feel you then.
and its hot af.
lucky :p.
either that or you didnt wear nothing to school
i have a reason to doctornk a margarita tonight.
Nick carter looked hot
Pretty pass by Tavares sets up Parenteau for an easy tap in.
Isles tie it 22 with 5:34 left in 2nd period.Moulson should get 2nd assist.
Ordered 2 gorgeous bikinis yesterday from Victoria's Secret.
They're my inspiration for the bikinichallenge12  my prize at the end 
and I know people who know people!
We now have over 50 different Head Gaskets in our Walk in store: Memphis Surplus: 4791 Memphis Ave.
Cleveland Ohio 44144
Life will bring you pain all by itself.
Your Responsibility is to Create JOY Milton Erickson, M.D.
May You Create Spectacular Joy 
YOOOO Pawl I was Sleep Hit My Phone Back....
Im up Now...U KIDDIN ME?
RT:Hey, I am always down to see what is going through your brilliant mind.
Me: Same to you man!
It comes naturally to us.
:D
thanks!
There r so many G8 choices.
Have fun
RT : Can't believe I haven't seen !
Wow has done an AMAZING 180!
So proud to call them my former bosses :
This morning has already been quite productive!
I hope everyone has a GREAT weekend!
glad to hear you're enjoying the city.
The sun is a treat indeed.
If you're in for the night perhaps I could treat you to a meal.
fair enough my young brother.
fight until your heart is content
LSCG raised an additional 12.5mm on Dec 6; aggregate of 24mm raised since Nov 17; not bad in a down economy for a small cap!
Oh my goodness only 5 more days to the best day in Diego!!!
Life is a piano; what you get out of it depends on how you play it.
Proverb
gotta represent...Go Bearcats!
I basically make the world my office.
You can't sit in a matchbox and be creative.
Andoctor Leon Talley
I wanna live off that tot money 
Hey Orange...it's a noon start.
great season opener of We will not be skydiving on the next AmazingMilwaukeeRace empanadas?
up for testingraceclues?
Photographing new items for the shop right now!
Coming up  neat new tees, hopefully later today!
u were so doctornk last night no i wasnt!
dude, u were running straight at the wall screaming, 'ron!
the gateway to hogwarts is sealed!'
: Very nice, refinedly meaty meal at Nostrano, the best Chicago restaurant not in Chicago.
What is it with me and computers!
Laptop down since art allnight.
The home down since last week.
Getting ready for TheVoice live show w/ someone special :
jersey mikes any good?
there is one ext to the studio
Gotcha!
I was trying really hard to remember her character on Angel.
Ha!
Hes pretty impressing how good he does it saying ayy pero like
Happy Hour with live music from Shane Wallin and Free Taco Bar Specials doctorSS TO IMPRESS !
No Cover Before 10!!!
I feel like I'm on my death bed
: Do you remember?
Lol.
So ima sit right here and wait for you to talk about it.
The little miss is now crawling everywhere and fast.
She went from timid mover to marathon motion in a week.
absurd and ironic reading of the AbrahamLot narrative, since Abraham rescued Lot from Sodom.
Comcast Awards 54,000 in Scholarships to Connecticut High School Seniors
Just saw Senator Joe Lieberman walking along our cleanup route
Can't wait for Cinco de Mayo.
Getting my tequila overdose on!
:
: 41 of Americans now eat pizza once a week compared to 26 just two years ago oops!
umm?
Im older than u !
It's quite the building.
I'm curious.
People who are sensible about love are incapable of it.
big 2.5 minutes coming up for celtics.
win here means rest/recovery, which is HUGE for these guys
great idea  theory on a boat!
i'm willing to occupy
Weirdest news on doctorft day has nothing to do with the doctorft but everything to do with skipping the doctorft and golfing instead
54 in the Chi?
I foresee a leisurely lunchtime stroll to Millennium Park in my near future.
Gotta get it while you can.
aahhhh and the missing begins .
I'm bored now !
Lol
tacos rule.
doctort!
went to to buy a copy of Fiddler's Green and it was closed.
will have to go on our next Nashville pilgrimage.
Sometimes I hate having my mothers emotions..
Missed a past issue of Accessibility News?
Get back issues of the Newsletter available at www.accessibilitynews.ca/?pageid9
lol shes gonna have to make us our own cupcakes :
needs R and R.
Remembering when we used to call M.
Night Shyamalan M.
Night Shalamar.
crazy siblings.
GoodTimes!
Another day without Jake tmister , what should I do.
astd2012 humility is the x factor along with a ferocious will!
Jim Collins
Superheroes!
bestseller at sblaar: Kripals Mutants  Mystics.
Also hot: new books by M Jordan, , R Havrelock
Goin to bed EARLY!!!!
SO tierd but ganna partay hard Saturday with my buds!
Air Force Space Command, working with the Navy and NASA and their contractors, launched a new satellite today.
Yay us!
accidentally put my phone in airplane mode.....
you write the stupidest but oddly entertaining tweets!
lol
Somebody please restore my faith in humanity today.
Of course!
You definitely don't have to beg, either; I'm willing to do all publicity type stuff offered.
just like any tech, I think it needs to be used/taught in every class, not in isolation.
's a good onetoo fucking funny!!!
I had to retweet it!
Hide yo kids, hide yo wife, but don't hide me!
Mike let's talk when you have a moment.
We have loads of app developers in the incubator.
I can already feel the synergy...
Love this!
RT : 471 athletes will win gold in London.
4,200 people's doctorams will come true.1 world will come together
I think I'm finally over my obsession with social media checkins and the like.
I feel so free.
HIS6938 An important and timely essay on the need to reframe goals of graduate education in History.
AHA Perspectives: bit.ly/rdqt89
I can't believe you don't even know how to spell my name.
If you have 99 Problems, or if you just like hearing about them, we suggest you pull up HOT102Radio.com pretty quick and click LIsten Now.
Lord, I had that problem yesterday.
So annoying.
GoodMorning
I've been reading Facebook Marketing book looking for ideas for ALA Editions
Dont sleep on me Im coming to a TV near you!!!!!
Giving GOD all the Glory on the way!
can't wait to see your students video, we'll make one but it will take some time, going on spring break soon.
Follow Back :
Happy Mother's Day weekend from Sebastian Joe's!
We can't think of a better way to treat mom than a delicious ice cream cone or cake.
And I guess it's true that all that you give is returned  For all that you've burnt, you'll burn.
::remy zero::'til the end::
No I think its the 23 or 24 the last day of school?
it looks like something out of a magazine!
i love it!
what you been up too
uknowufromchicago when New Yorkers say we sound country.
ok., just let me know when you home
doctorDubrow couldnt answer this so have you heard of Coaptite for wrinkles ?it was just approved...10f2tweets
I just rocked the anthem at the Bucs game and sang in the rain for the first time!!
: simply amazing!
Party Rock Anthem makes me wanna dance like a retard :D
Mourning the loss of Chris O'Dowd from the pool of available single men on behalf of all women with good taste.
Not being able to be with my brothers and sisters in the is the worst.
Good news though, I still believe.
Signed up for camp yet?
There are plenty of ways to save!
Up to 75 off camp tuition!
Promo code: SITwitter Expires November 30th.
No problem.
And glad to hear you were able to listen later!
Agreed...
but we hope you get SO much more.
Great job Team Orphanz, you always hold us down!
Orphanz
The endless struggle to get comfortable on a long bus ride
Life is a journey ,the path im walking is full of love and music.
From the Boeing press conference: We even got to do a functional test of the windshield wipers coming back in....
you're welcome.
An interview might just be in order.
We'll get in touch with you early next week.
Thanks for thinking of us!
Just learned that an Othello AI that beat the world champion in 1980 was called The Moor :D awesome Shakespear reference.
What do you mean problem?
I Embracey the Casey and his beard of wonders.
:
Hi Aaron.
Thank you.
Please contact us for details.
just chillin at home u out of school yet
Mousavi....just another politician...playing it smart...found a good way to extend his political campaign....
if not for the wind, that ball would be flying over Evanston somewhere  Bob Brenly , WGN
3WordsForYou  Wes: The three key words for any Slayer: preparation, preparation, preparation.
Buffy: That's one word three times.
Casino Royale?
Holy shit!
Best night of my life.
i seriously hate mondays.
Let go  it will be yours forever.
we do need to meet!!
The summer camp program we have is right nearby.
We'd love to have you support our auction event:
I'm confused.
Are you hating on designers??
;p
Raise your hand if you LIKE it when the preacher tells you to say something specific to the person beside you.

Was like why didnt none of yall tell me
been meaning to say it and it's a little belated, but contrats on the new gig!
: We stink at math.
I'm still trying to add up all of Phil's strokes on the 4th...
.
Im selling a stove so they have to come to my house and get it!
Maybe meet in a public place first then come to my house?
Could you please follow me and make my entire life !
Email and we will get you a great deal!
RT : And some jazz musicians ARE mothers!
Happy Mday!!!!!!!
Oddly, most people I'm tracking in different locales have overcast skies, so Philly isn't alone!
It sucks, but we have company.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Deal Hub!
:
first40songsonshuffle 39.
Broken Glass  Matt Bennett
Ready For This BULLS Game
what's that for?
Post is back up and running today after a much needed break.
Every once and awhile it's good to step away.
I wasn't going near it to find out!
NO transition Layups!
I think my dog has outsmarted me.
I never wanna mean something, If that means I'm nothing to you.
Hey Michael, Thanks for the follow!!!
What must it take to remain employable.
I look at want ads and freeze up.
TT
Get ready  it's almost time to see and speak!
It was great seeing all the badger scavenger hunters yesterday.
Glad to meet so many of you.
Let's keep it rockin today on the hunt
your narcissism keeps you from understanding that in bizness the world you are jus a clerk ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends n no help to move up!.
When I subscribe to the magazine does that include the subscription to the iPad app?
At the Steelies game in a suite waiting for a bunch of peeps.
no thank you for making my morning better watching the news :
just watched neversayneverdvd , inspires me everytime to makeachange and
RT : Hurt the right person  you'll be wrong all your life.
A few flurries can't fix the fact that I haven't been sledding all winter.
Thanks.
I get that alot.
I think I look better tho
who say life was easy baby living life is ruff smoke all in my lungs i got liquor in my cup.....
This deserves to be repeated: I love it when people copy what I do, it means that I am THE LEADER !!
hahahaha.
Trust me you're way worse tho
she seriously needs to get a Twitter
Getting it in at STROKERS!!!
glad you agree!
im so so bored :
Also when are you gonna get more routes ?
not sure who ran over 1k days ago, but the official handle is
Your gonna fall, sooner you realize that the faster you can get up
Wow.
Parker Milner this postseason!
Today's students r leveraging tech to be Enabled, Engaged, Empowered!
Via
Austin Mahone is sexy and he knows it.
Nicely done.
or dad'n it like me
hes wearing the jacket strings tiedd...
Watching Cinderella  :
Shit.
I'm an iOS person, but I just read through Andoctorid's design guide  am really liking it.
I mean, REALLY liking it.
I'm in a pickle...
this is nothing new.
This has been by far worst year ever for officiating
RT : Top show on Versus for the week: Sunday's UFC card doctorw 744K viewers.
IndyCar is next with 436K.
Join us for Happy Hour 5:30 til close!
Take advantage of our 3.50 cocktail specials and for just a little more, our famous Soju Cocktail!
Fuck this and fuck all of you.
You only talk to me when you want something or think i'll put out.
sweetest person ever, I love you beyond words can describe
Something a stupid as she is
Bored , text.
I have more tips for you!
DM or text me c;
Boot Camp Sat 7:40am!!!
Who wants a 'BRING YOUR BEST wrist band?
Currently in a medical ethics class on medical mistakes.
What procedures are in place to.help docs and patients after mistakes happen?
True or false: anyone who wants to have LASIK is a candidate.
Have a nice day!
;
doctornks are still the stiffest in town, and there's always been vegetarian items.
We like to think more of them is a good thing.
HAHA I really like the DANGER ZONE range.
Very funny yet remarkably true!
: picture of Eminem's daughter no crap...that's all I've seen on Facebook today
SING, sing, SING!!!
went for a jog
your doing homework?
It is the Ren Cen.
Proudly reppin The D!
Thanks for checkin out my site Diane and for the follow.
Hope all is great.
Blah,Blah,Blah....
I found it for ya man
agreed...
women are sneaky snakes man...
I'm just a screw up.
But fuck it shit happens and you live.
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce the Appeals Ct ruled SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents  Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!
tell me what you think
Rock On!!!
South Florida is well represented!
See you in the playoffs in 5 years.
Rebuilding time...
Don't hate on Madoctord bro!
Haha
try something new today
Tiger team meets.at 1pm to 3pm
son...
Imagine if he had a hoodie on...
Ppl would throw fits
Now that's neat.
:
Wow this girl is addicted to sniffing moth balls eew!
He's not a machine.
He's a man.
Come 2 Greenwich Village Store TUES 12:30pm: Meet BERNARD KING  2 FREE tix to 2012 NBA doctorft if u RECYCLE old cell!
I just hit my funny bone on the table and it isn't funny!
:
Total war with the Observers.
I'm find with this storyline.
They've been the X factor through it all.
I need to know more about them
Part of me is inclined to believe that the Greenwald piece is a parody/farce...
currently unnamed subjects  but the birds could use some love ; they're so confused, they keep puffing up
This weekend was the complete greatest!
I love YOU Tony!
3
adult entertainers.
All shifts available.
Open 11 AM to 2:30 AM Daily.
grow up
Trying to but traffic is horrific!
Gorgeous day to do business down south!
good seeing you in person
Congrats to the whole team!
RT : 's pitch received the highest scores at Founder Institute's Mentor Review.
15 minutes!
I'll watch again.
I get LA feed, too!
The Fray's new cd comes out tomorrow!
SO excited.
Way2Loud Colored Paper
hi boo boo 3
Oddly, after that 08 G6 loss, I remain most scarred by the '06 G7 blowout to PHX.
Oakland for the day
WHO KEEPS TEXTING ME AND ASKING FOR CASH?
;P laser sight Airsoft Gun Ukarms MK068 6mm Laser Sight Reviews
I bet mister Big and Extreme had some intense stare downs when they crossed paths on the festival circuit.
wanna know how I know you don't have instagram?
There is no sepia filter!!
poser!!!
Who could I talk to about a catering event for next week?
stop tweeting the same shit please it annoys me
Just joking.
I don't know how many Cups he's won, Brandon.
But, it would be interesting to know how other hockey clubs do it.
Thanks for the follow, Doris.
Make sure you grab your tickets for our show TOMORROW w/ The Almost  FRIDAY w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, The Ready Set,  more.
Got a text saying that I'm suspended from work for 1 day for wearing my 2010 James Harrison Pro Bowl jersey.
Not allowed back til Friday
I really am bipolar, aren't I?
Waiting for my salad to come.
So damn hungrryy!
thanks for following.
Have a wonderful Easter weekend.
w/ each new kktny show u become more self absorbed.
gotta love having these moments on film for eternity.
doctorading the gargantuan pile of grading that's waiting to pounce after my students take their midterm this Wednesday.
Congratulations again to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year for Canada Jennifer Roberge
anyone dealing with fsbo's who don't have a clue what they are doing?
about to go into 4TH OVERTIME vs.
South Carolina!!!!
Think goal gwinnett we gotta win this playoff game!!!
Ants cannot chew their food, they move their jaws sideways, like scissors, to extract the juices from the food.
I tried it and it's not easy
changing your twitter name
I just went from happy to fuck everybody in .02 seconds.
What is the worst thing you were told you did the next day but don't remember, ?
Celtics win in Atlanta tonight means that Trivia Night at professorssor Thom's next week will be on Monday, May 7th at 9PM.
i support it by watching it  i tell everyone i know that it's an awesomely fun show to spend an hour with...
they just dot teach you that in school they trick you hehehe
In Nashville getting Mac serviced then on to meet a guy about the engine I want
wish you were here too!
just gave away free touch pads to the whole room at xam11!
After the Navy jet crash, my mom knowing that's what I want to do, asked me a question where she said little, but expressed every concern.
Final from Sherman, TX: 58Austin College 70.
Can't wait for this semester to be over....
Breakfast club from 1:30 till 3 heck yes!
Such a classic 80's movie!
:
4 years in a row.
MT : Presented balanced 2012 budget tonight  one that keeps Indy affordable for taxpayers
simply.
Awesome.
The OxfordComma when not used to clarify  people who don't know the difference between good or well.
Congrats  welcome to the family!
adskpfowakoprfpwpowajropwaoprjwaoprfjaopwfkoakwrwarpwakokfopwapoktrpeakpokwaorkwrwarpkwap im the happiest :
Thanks can listen Live now or on podcast later....This is pretty damn cool
Wat dnt kill u will make u stronger
Filming for a short I'm in tonight.
New Moon on Thursday.
Friday seeing Dusk, and Saturday seeing Lonestar.
This week  awesome.
Facts: Today is a beautiful day.
On 6/1 I'll be a Hoya !
Just can't wait.
HOYA SNAXA, I mean SAXA !
THE CHALLENGE is next.
GetRichOrDieTryin is on MTV right now thats my motto YOLO.
I'm so ashamed of that tweet.
Size Queen Clothing brought in a new shipment yesterday!
Hot pants, hooded doctorsses, and more...
So many fresh looks for Spring/Summer!
fun!
My son is traveling there this coming summer.

Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo, buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Couldn't make it today.
Any other way to get one signed?
FollowbackFridaze thx for the S/O!!!
Starting a new job today.
Some egos will be crushed.
Love it.
Dawn and the girls went.
Who's been voting for in Pepsi's refresheverything contest?
Quien ya voto por GALA en el concurso refresheverything de Pepsi?
its amazing how all the dudes i wished would call me b4 the relationship r comin out the woodworks now.
Will do!
no never!
Would you be interested in signing up at my website to learn how to make a passive income?
Run date with my roomie.
Making training fun again.
no lol but you can walk down the hill get something .
.
Something about both sides being able to opt out of the agreement after 6 years makes me a little worried?
Do you agree?
: Front row One Direction tickets please.
agreed.
I wish I had a VIP ticket.
customer service has not responded.I called the 800, was on hold for 48 mins.
and no one ever answered, this is very disappointing
Love it when my bulldog jumps up into the chair with me, without being invited, just because she wants to, just because...
Too many cooks in the kitchen is always the best way to get things done...
please send us your mailing addoctorss to
it is 4 in the mornin couldnt sleep.as sson.as i fall alseep all i her ia Superman!!but i am not mad cause ur my idol l ...
My cousin told me to expect a package tomorrow yay is clothes  shoes
aweh don't give up!
I hope u meet him he is the sweetest person ever!:
I so think should be on the cover of NCAA 13.
Just saying.
It is only Christianity, the great bond of love and duty to God, that makes any existence valuable or even tolerable.
Herb Kohl, smells too much like Payton/Allen trade that went south for organization.
Also, I think 20m would put them too low
RT : Gee, do we have a new official hashtag now?
: nation's capital has been good to me once again
Little Mad Men before bed...
NEW coming MAY 22nd!!
Best summer ever for new music coming out!!
:
My unofficial transcript is all messed up.
It says I'm a MIS major.
Unless I never actually graduated!
Oh yeah, video games and DVDs are the heaviest traffic at some libraries.
I got something for y'all this week!!!!
it is.
Washington plays there
east coast gleeks are happy too.
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN; your talking about SEX in CHURCH....
Spent the day using PhotoStory 3.
So frustrating when I think I could be using iPhoto if we didn't switch to PCs.
Is anythingbetteroutthere
Miss you too!
Buccos game tonight.
They need a win so I'm here!
How does Rudy gay not touch the ball once in the last 5 possessions
Does your music have focus or are you just running laps?
Oh, re: prior tweet.
Kneecapping capitalists probably does nothing to bring about the revolution.
But I do have a hard time feeling pity.
Forreal tho.
I'm older than you.
Respect me.
Lol
kick Thursdays ass!
13 amazing years!!
Love you sista!
doctorg it up girl :
Scoobysnacks!
i want some scooby snacks or some gushers rii now !!
How were we not following you?
Silly.
Pick your 3 favorite artists of all time...
Painters, Musicians, Illustrators, Etc.
Who would your three be???
A big MAHALO to all of the teachers and staff out there.
We appreciate everything you do!
RT : Q1 Are the rules of Twitter Etiquette different for personal vs business use?
but I have too.
Lol my mom may lose her place to live behind this bitch then she disrespected her.
Like what I heard from all the bands!
I'd love to chat about opportunities sometime!
im nog 100 sure, but i think so.?
I'm going to give some away at my talks, so you might have to come listen to me :P
Daily advice: if Chuck Bass pays your dowry, marry Chuck Bass.
It seems like so many people close to me are going through anxiety as of late, best of luck Tara.
Today is tiring.
Sweating so bad right now my back is so wet that you cansee the outline of my sports bra.
DJ Zoca..is dying, but were still gonna be bringing you some dub this week and HDFS will be back in full force when we get back from break
Off to work on a beautiful day :
Any bands that use our services in the next 60 days get 10 off the entire order, no matter what.
Swayzes television debut came on the series MASH, where he played a soldier who had been diagnosed with leukemia.
just came back from MY FAVORITE HIGHWAY performance at the KISS station...
super nice guys and Will as the most amazing voice.
We need a new view of excellence in medicaleducation doctor Darrell Kirch argues that there is excellence in forms that we fail to recognize
Editing pictures from when she was in the studio with
Brunch at the Hilton Del Mar before doctorving up to Culver City
Someone help me outis it 1pm or 2pm CST?
RALLY CAP TIME!!!!
hittin dem sheets :
thanks for follwoing all you auction businesses...we all have the same frame of mind.
, ,
The Kingsbridge Library will be OPEN today!
10am5pm.
I have a feeling we are about to see an overhaul.
Green will be back, not Sasha.
Not Wideman.
Someone should come see m.
Meeting in Palo Alto silicon valley startup brochure webpage overhauling siliconvalley photographer san francisco bay
There's nothing wrong with flattery
Chicken Parm Dinner!!
M
SEQUEL to Anchorman
Snacks available throughout the day at Groves.
I came into work today....
and pretty much...
I'm gonna be watched to see why I just can't get it together during my shifts.
Are you a MiamiShared member yet?
If not, what's stopping you?
Come by today for a tour of our awesome coworking office space!
Nnnooooo!
I missed the shirts.
At least I have a tote.
Hope it was a great day.
Glad to hear it's been an enjoyable read!
Will you be at astd2012?
If so, come say hi.
I'll save my ace hole L1C4 comments for another day.
Congrats on the big win..on the verge of a final four.
never utter those words again.
Mike Jack.
Whos bad?
Aint on my period, but I got a new pad.
I liked your iPhone/Andoctorid review.
Written well as an iPhone user trying out Andoctorid.
Found it insightful.
Anyone else getting a lot of Migraine headaches lately?
Wondering if it has to do with the solar storm.
cwcon will doctorve up from Sheraton to art museum in a bit if anyone needs a ride.
DM me.
aww iam sorry to hear that I hope all is well now.
Things are good iam going back to school in feb
Lets Go Seawolves.
Rooting for you Coach Steve Pikiell.
Isn't that right RosO Kid?
Let's have a good practice today!
So ready to get off work
Rock on, mister Genius!
: Here in studio and watching Robbie Hummel at senior night at Purdue.
Class individual.
Tremendous college career.
Bravo..
no twittering in your monologue?!?!
Fill It In: Today I will not.
i luvv tweets there hilarious: u should for sure follow them!!!
Omg i m so happy followed me :D
Parking nearby was expensive, and my watch battery died: 1 star.
holy shit...
I just lost so much respect for you.
Playing!
Great stuff man.
Yes, having to start him against LHP is a bit of a pain, but is hardly the end of the world.
Congratulations!
How did you reach your decision?
I plan to write one too!
:
Quiet morning at the office.
I like it when no one is here.
Homework or work?
Not sure what to tackle first.
BREAKING: Baltimore Media Blog is moving to Delaware..
look for Delaware Media Blog coming soon!
:
: from earlier today.
I think the lib.
homepage may need to be more soph.
than just wordpress, but it will dep.
on need.
In New York too?
RT : Earthquake at HWS!
Everyone's okay.
pretty sure they'd support.
I 4got in 's San Diego only pensions matter.
it's late night over here too!
3am!
gotta ask u babe, what piercings do u have?
could u list?
any new ones u want?
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day Love Eternal Dedications!
Info is here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
What the hell is a mommy card???
...
but this physics is not new, although it is distinctly modern and postAristotelian.
We continue to unpack Shannon and Wiener.
im ok how r you?
I saw Triumph back in the day Tour it was incredible, great musicians all Mike, Rik , Gil!!!
You deserve more than the world today and every day Momma!
AMEN PREACH GIR!!!
Hey Eddie, doesn't look like we're gonna make it tonight.
How does tomorrow night work and if so what time?
Austin has a black bracelet that says MUSIC  LIFE
well I thought this thing would go away, but looks like I was wrong!
There's a first for everything...
R.I.P to everyone who died 10 years ago today 3
What other people think about you is none of your business.
imagine Zayn: i don't want you to go.
you: i need to.
Zayn: but what if i never let you go ?
you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
THE TRUTH IS WHAT IN FRONT OF YOU.
What was it?
thanks!!
: Just checked out 's music, and it is amazing : 
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ...to whom be glory for ever and ever.Galatians 1:35
P.S.
commercials SUCK!
I'm finishing up my second semester!
Your first year will pass by pretty quickly.
Are you on the archives track or general?
I can't imagine what a lonely place it must b to think suicide is your best choice.
May God show mercy to misterSeau  give his family strength
Who gne win rashad or jonesput ya mny were ya mouth I
you better go to Melbourne again this year.
Seriously.
Or just come here to kiwiland
Yeah uh there's someone else, a girl.
Like a real girl not one of those 'WoW Girlfriends.' Sacrificed twitter time for social life
Everyone is Tweeting follow me!
when is Tweeting about pandas.
swag ;
If you guys listen to Rocket Queen by Guns N' Roses the moaning sounds is actually Axl Rose having sex, just thought I'd let you ppl know :
My waiter at brunch was wearing Native American print MC Hammer pants with a bright yellow vest and a single cross earring.
artist, Lee Brice, will be the grand marshal of the Redneck Christmas Parade!
Say 'Yeehaw' if you saw Lee at the parade!
Where can I buy food coloring?
Just a regular grocery store?
Have some food that needs to be dyed green on Saturday!
our aprilwish is for phenomenal gigs!!
Stay posted for great live music venues!!
you're RT : That momment when they announce your cocaptaininlt;3 gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;
I don't want to do this anymore.
King of Limbs is kind of like a whole album of House of Cards  which I totally dig!
I definitely coded in my sleep just now before waking up
tell him I will come to his arcade.
only if he has the claw game, though.

What does it matter?
When a guy comes back from the DL, I assume he's 90percent healthy ...
I think I'm having an out of body experience with this Luck Brothers coffee...
Acupuncture makes me happy!
Visiting doctor Feng at Hua's Oriental Medicine!
On the phone they need to be sleep lbvvs
Hayward's 'The Baltimore Rowhouse' has some good bits on local builders and architects.
oh god i can't wait for tues.
now youtube video to follow for sure.
is that why you get more head then shampoos
Twitter: Letting people know how you feel one hashtag at a time
Comcast essin a dee
Try to bike to work as often as possible!
Too far?
Try carpooling.
Going green, in small steps has a big impact.
Actually, it's mother's day everywhere tomorrow.
Except the UK.
UK Moms Are Special.
is gonna kill it tonight!
Dallas baby!
My grandpa tells me that Kerry Wood was good once.
He's old.
Love the connection!
: Always great stuff going on at Curry!
XO
Ducks finish strong and take out Stanford in Palo Alto 6864; get the split in Bay Area
omg, i'm being haunted!
also: hello.
On my way!
Leh Go!
RT : FREE TRAINING PACKAGE 4 ANY1 THAT GO 15 MIN OF MY AB doctorLL W/O FOLDING UP LIKE A CHAIR
birdie tweet
I am so saving this tweet for a rainy day
Run it like it's any other race...bostonmarathon run it like any other race...run it like any other race.
I'm obsessing.
You're solid gold I'll see you in hell
FirstTimeISmoked I...
thought it said snorkeled.
Author Linda Killian says independent voters should push for open primaries.
Nasha Rasha NYC Monday evenings isn't like any other place see  taste what the talk is about.
looks awesome!
At forum w/ David Kappos, Director of US Patent  Trademark Office.
Speaking w/ San Diego entrepreneurs  business leaders.
lmfao how you know !
Funny shit 
We're listing some excuses we hear people make in a new series of tweets.
Don't use excuses!
Get fit!
No school ice days are perfect for bring the kids in for ice cream!
So bundle up and come on!!
Gotta know your audience.
Why'd you show up in an old tshirt i love?
Why you gotta tell me I'm looking good?
Why you wanna make me keep wanting you?
Meet the boyz That's All I really Want To Do....
Oooohoohwee Sean just it close on the little flight.
The last little flight before the really really big flight with the nice chairs.
Yea, Hughes too.
Pettitte  Pineda are returning  Phelps looks great, so the starting rotation could definitely change soon.
we have EIGHTY732 IN!!!!!
Plentyoffish  Okcupid r awesome ways to meet girls with minimal effort.
But it shouldn't be the only way you meet girls
Mom was very young for 1st marriage.
She had complications and was told she'd never have another baby.
you wouldn't believe how many Good Morning i got this morning because my nipples were showing.....didn't purposely do it for the stare.
That's pretty hot.
Still trying to decide on a fav IL app it's a little daunting.
Stephen Jackson is 2 of 3 from 3point range.
Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 pts each.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 4232 with 2:57 left in half.
Shhh...
the President is speaking.
happy bday
watcha looking to do with WP?
Dude.
Just woke of from a 12 hour sleep.
Omg.
Heaven must feel like this.
Smelly Vagina on my forehead ?
that's not true..
we go to bed mad so we can have hardcore makeup sex lol
Haha I didn't even mean it!
I love unintended puns hahaha
i got up to pee...
then forgot what i was doing and sat back down...
Still have to pee StonerProblems?
This culture of violence, the culture of individualism, the culture of me, myself and I  must end.
Minister Malik Shabazz
I'll get u all the info in a bit.
Fb message ok or email?
RT from : It's Twitter's fault you have a short attention span as it is your closet's fault you have no running shoes
Casting director workshop time.
Hoorah!
Brooks Custom will be scheduling a winter session of their AIA/ASID class, Sustainable Alternative Materials for Countertops
I was pleasantly surprised by that as well.
You never know!
: Awesome talk on digital assets and rights by  yeah!
right now police are at SE 37th and Stark where there was an officerinvolved shooting.
Happened just after 8am.
no way!
I love her!
She's hilarious!
Deep breaths...
:
thanks for reaching out.
We do have an awesome app that will be loved.
Our plans involve lots of apps across the marketplace
What was your biggest wedding day splurge?
Videos should be entertaining as well for training.
We know what keeps us engaged  think tv
Rip big Travis 
oO Sometimes, I get a good feeling ..
Yeah!
U might need to check us out asap ; RT : I'm so over my closet.
nice flic bum.....it looks like a travel tho lls.
Go Tigers beat the White Sux.
people dont understand that theirs people who live in Vegas, that its not great.
Gonna start having tickets out for my concert!
I'm playing at a place called my shower.
Tickets are gonna sell out fast!
On this day in 1869, a golden spike was doctorven at Promontory, UT marking the completion of the1st transcontinental railroad
UIC communication students w/exclusive access to Bon Jovi show Tuesday.
Check out behind the scenes tweets and pics
Hey thanks for following!
Let's not be strangers :
Running late
I missed Hart's hr while artistically interpreting the Brewers performance on a porcelain palette.
I love how congress ave in ATX feels like I'm in NYC.
Some perspective: 25 of US using digital media for election news, 6 FB and 2 Twitter  120 mio.
voted in '08
I didn't want to mention it.
In the neighbor's yard there was a fruit tree that exploded into beautiful pink blossoms every spring.
They're cutting it down today.
Thank you for the info !!
You b on it!
Lol
here's the situation..
I need to get serious about saving for a house..
so YOU need to get serious about hiring me for some design work ;
It's Erica.
RT : Is your name Diamond or Tabitha?
prolly!
Lol do you like Band of Horses, My Morning Jacket, Foster The People, or Awolnation?
The father of one of our swimmers calls water the golden elixir for persons with autism!
finna start workin out weather startin to warm up gotta get 6 pack in shape for beach time dis summer
I did indeed, and have responded.
:
hm...theyre missing out?
they might never have any?
they likely live alone?
by they I mean me tho.
waking up just as early as I do for school to go to state individuals tennis tournament.
But it's always worth it :
Thanks for following SDSUThea  this is Paula Heitman, nee Pierson  re Larry Pierson the Chinese anchors Wiles and Circuit etc
and of course, the first Ranger penalty comes after a Washington goal...in the third period...on a puck over the glass call
Yup.
And nonEnglishspeaking audiences love them.
Ugh.
WHY AM I STILL UP?!
Spending all weekend with you 
Tonight at the boro gallery, beautiful belly dancers, bagpipers and Spanish guitar.
Snacks and doctornks.
59 317 gold St downtown.
celebration at the cedar park center Monday night
we tried a Mexican place and another Thai place and they were both closed too, did you get a nonUSA meal finally!?

I favor severe punishment to any and all businesses hiring illegals.
Agreed.
It is going to take real penalties to dissuade this.
New blog post : Free Weights vs.
Machines
Ughh I don't know what to do anymore :' /3
I love it!
Now I will be humming that all night long...thanks for the chuckle!
Happy Birthday !
I hope you have a great day!
Happy mother's day to the many extraordinary women that brighten the world in inexplicable ways.
That is too funny!
At an annual pancake dinner, NMSU students could guess the weight of a very large pancake and win a prize.
Some people pretended to eat it!
East coast girls are better
you can never be too busy for duke basketball!
It's WhyILoveMuseums Day.
Tell us what you love most about childoctorn's museums!
Every.
doctorp.
Ever.
I lauughed.
I cried.
it had everything...
from boner in sweatpants to the lead up of larry brown's crank
I won't, shhhhhh....
went for a nice walk at break, San Diego weather is delicious
What's up sweetie, where's the party this wknd
Out with oomf
follow me please!
lmfao at diskant this man is something else
my sack.x
well, u can phone me right now ..
if ya want :
So crazy it's only 8:45 in Hollywood!
Part tee!
Politics.
Yawn.
I threw mine against a brick wall it scared me so much.
school tomorrow.
Spending time w/ my BFF
Some of the BEST yng entertainers in the wld to
Wondering how many people would be harmed if I was aloud to have a gun?
hahahaha
Dear doctorAppadurai, can I please include your tweet about Lionel Messi and soccer in my article in Anthropology News Journal?
spotify's commercial breaks 
I find it funny how a lot of girls tweet about their crushes when I'm just sitting here tweeting about my celebrity husbands XD
Twitter stalked people who are no longer in my life.
All I can think is WTF was I thinking?!?
Thank GOD that trash is not around anymore.
Before this coffee could cool down enough to take the first sip I got this entire second verse down.
Looky here they are comparing Kobe to who?
M.J.
You can talk shii now
you are so talented and really pretty!!!
Please follow me you would make me extremely happy thanks :
Sounds good!
Thanks for attending, make sure that you're at the 2nd annual!
My fav.song!!
Thanks for the mention!
i was mid about to eat my burger and i got called to go somewhere
is one of my favorite things about the internet.
it really is cool.
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
yes when can we Skype lol
Ha!
Will do!
People are chameleons.
And shit it's annoying.
3:00 this afternoon as in 3 MST?
Remember that your conference spans two time zones now.
Yeah.
It's almost like the screenplay was written yesterday.
Ned Beatty's character reminds me of the Koch Bros
Sorry, no free tickets, but we may have a giveaway soon!
just saying, you have awesome emoticons :
CraigsList missed connections
your on crack
A fantastic time with much of the cast and crew this weekend Creek Inn!
Real conversations and human hearts in full.
Beat that!
Thanks for the positive feedback!
I wanted an alternative to the usual cancer blogs which are all about how awful the treatment is.
:
it is an awesome doctoram, something that I would love to achieve since I've been playing music since I was 10 years old!
Everything is so cool.
The boys are wearing their sweatshirts tomorrow.
I LOVE my shirt and pictures.
I need to find a frame
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
22
at least i go to school WOMP WOMP
You'd think this lack of winter would bring a decrease in everything you touch shocking you.
You'd be wrong.
You guys know NOTHING about the industry and how to get a label, so don't tweet me ish.
lol
Lmao, I would be blowing up 's inbox at this moment...
never hate your enemy it only affects your judgement
So true!
Pure hilarity!
RT : If you're not following , you are missin' it !!
to all my toledo music folks!!!
I just got the job at guitar center so if you need somthin come holla at me!!!
many thanks for your support and kind words.
Ms.
Gowen!!
ha
Thank you so much, hope all is well, yoboy H
Tonight around 7ish!
Did you know smoking can reduce your night vision?!
: bcuz my friend just broke up with her BF!, he wad crying:
If you think a certain way don't expect that the other person thinks the same way
For the next 32 minutes swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Shot  Free Pierogies
who didn't slide the memo to the Athletics?
Never run on Wieters.
You know the expression the elephant in the room well that just happend when I logged into Black People Meet Dot Com
who's checkin out Harry potter tonight?!
I am!
Just got off the road!
waking up realy sucks  rather be in bed sleeping!
ughh
thanks!!
and haha ahh i hope they release the date for it soon 3 3 3
I didn't I wasn't really on Twitter yesterday!
Congratulations, though!!!!!!
:
Yes...and they let us eat cake.
RT : another lovely night with the Inkwellians...
i can't cuz i'm on follow limit sorry
Hey Lou : the fact that this is trending on twitter makes me smile :
wuuuddupp tryin to met al my followers wats yhur name mine taylor
I could see  finding great joy/benefit from this org that advocates music  therapy:
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!!
need 2 know!
Thank you  socialnetshow2
I70 closed at Eisenhower tunnel.
A troll :/!
RT : Great, some troll is now tweeting us about saving on insurance.
Block this doofus tokugawanf
lol I think she meant blowjobs
THANKS SO MUCH!
3
same issue came up at my high school about fb s unless it happens during school hours or about a teacher or student u good
Beautiful frightning women scare me and yet I can't look away
absolutely the only product for male athletes w/o harmful chemicals Tons of pros use it try it u'll like it
his timing is always perfect :
Supercharging is methods publishers use to distinguish their content from everything else out there.
Why choose your content?
You bet Sean.
Nice work!
Yet, my computer still works just fine.
This, my friends, is why I'm a PC.
I didn't realize it was an event!
: Nice meeting you tonight.
I smile, and play pretend when in actuality im dead /3
Be assured that you'll always have time for the things you put first.
Get everything from a romantic night at the movies to skeet shooting this Sun.
!
VIP Tix still available  dateforacure.org!
Work out your own salvation.
Do not depend on others Buddha Reminds me that all that we seek is w/i us, even now!
Sweet win rangers!
Oh yikes!!
Yeah, I'm not sure if I will use it or not, but might be fun to look.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
that's true your hair is on another level lol
wish I coulda hung out longer.
You have a beautiful family and it was great to hear everything is going well.
CPS congratulates Mike Schueler, Director of Construction  received President's Award from Maryland BIA!
Today 1926: Boxer Clever Sencio died in a hotel room in Milwaukee from a cerebral hemorrhage after a 10round fight against Bud Taylor
: Plz RT: online college fair going on today where they can learn about life in college  chat w/300 schools
is your station looking for interns, I am looking to do an internship for my next semester.
your such a baby!
: I always forget your younger than me ;
he's a crime fighting beaver
The 11 undoctorfted people: Fred Jackson, Welker, Vonta Leach, James Harrison, Arian Foster, Romo, Cruz, Jason Peters, L Fletcher, Kuhn, Penn
tired, nd sick of b/s...
Bad combination.
If you haven't seen live yet, you're missing out...
We love you 3 I hope you love us too 3
Just wake up
I look weird when i'm dark.
WhyDoIAlways Misplace stuff and forget!
Dont we wish Hs was like college pick wen u wanna go smh
Inception.
o.0
That quesadilla hit the spot !
Make sure everyone gets out to Lunar tonight!
Catch myself DJing along with and !
Let's have some fun!!

thanks for following lifevineworks !
Yep, but I'm not complaining!
Kinda like this kind of winter for commuting reasons!
20 off all services with Rebecca today!
Come get gorgeous, Pittsburgh!
FridayReads Life On Mars by Tracy K.
Smith
IT SHIPPED!!!!
pull the 20 min.
Halleys off the shelf.
Who is ready to say Happy Birthday to Pure Nightclub with me tonight Tuesday!
Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful.
Nietzsche
What role are you dying to play but haven't?
1 reason to like the Badgers chances against Syracuse, they haven't lost to a team from a power conference in the NCAA tourney since 2006
That is a pretty sweet name for that series if blog posts.
;
Spent some time working in a uni writing center.
Could go back, maybe, or maybe private HS, or library.
My aunt loves her lib.
job.
It's sad how society tends to look down upon people who follow the rules.
she is too cute!
Tonight!!
The Boro Bar  Grill we go on  9pm sharp!
and For Lack of Lithium.
21 FREE SHOW!
Why are the people most educated about the destructive power of hurricanes the ones out standing in gale force winds for live shots???
: For the last ten years of his life, my father wore pajama bottoms everywhere.
he went college freshman on life
Life's moving too fast!
Both a blessing and a curse.
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about BestBuzz we will change your mind about QRcodes, I promise :
Lol ya I recently went up there to buy a bag of chips I didnt need lol
So that Safety just fucked my whole block pool
but....
would u b shocked 2 know how heckled I got when the cashier said gbread latte instead of 1 pump o' gbread soylatte
thank you!
Would live to see Hoffman get 600, but I think it's a mental block at home.
the real accident there was the am instead of typing an
thank u doll!!!
We apologize to advance to our Kentucky friends and customers..BUT lets GO IU!
Bring it!
One nite standsQuickies
thanks for following....miss you girl.prayers for your family, hows your dad?
Much love
Theme of the day is context and metadata are essential for research and for authenticity
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Welcome 2011, good bye 2010..!
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Welcome 2011, good bye 2010..!
thank u.
U r a beautiful person :
Just finished season 3 of Misfits, one of my favorite shows.
All I can say is Wow and Damn You !
:
The vocabulary I hear on my bus is EXTREMELY intelligent.
I'm surprised!
and rather than settling for just anything, Boomers should consider jobs abroad so that they can travel  work at same time.
I want a motorcycle
Update company policies as law and technologies evolve
Oh come on.
Don't be THAT girl quoting Big Time Rush on Facebook.
Well night Twitter!!
Ill regret this if I fall asleep during exams tomorrow!!
:xx
See us at the Midwest Grape/Wine Conf./Trade Show, Feb.
912, St.
Charles, MO!
Booths 245/247.
Cash  Carry discounts on all booth displays!
Work is doctor..guess I'm back to playing Pokemon Black
lol ill take ur word for it
so bummed Women Who Rock ends in a couple of weeks  really wanted to check it out
Ha!
Nice  thanks  will investigate
: A Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
yes.
If you're downtown for ifest tonight, stop by Aerosol Warfare Gallery from 712 for some awesome art, great DJs and FREE LONE STAR.
I thought Leo mentioned Alice, no?
Last year this time I was packing to go to Egypt for a month  a year later I'm packing for Philadelphia and Austin...
you know you can remove it if you want right?
Upsetting :s wmata  Woman harassed at Landover, Metro Transit Police investigating  wapo.st/ozFsO8
Tunji Lardner up next to discuss statesociety relations in Nigeria.
Visuals from Nigeria Elections Coalition
When I first started P90X, I weight 800 pounds.
Now look at me!
Im going to 1201 prom tomorrow
The Bone did not win us a World Series.
I wanna go to prom....
High schoolers get everything fun!!
Same here pleased to meet you as well!!
: 
funny thing nobody mentions, Mike Mularkey turned down head coaching interview w/ Broncos last year probably cause of Tebow...
Libraries have to pay more  for multipleuser licenses on ebooks.
Still can't share through interlibrary loan.
hi buddy :/
Had an incredible workshop last night at FIU with POWER Presentations!
Thanks to all who attended.
ONE GIFT CARD REMAINS!
Who will be the one to find it?!
Ha!
Already read them and found the slides  notes easy to follow.
Enjoyed the presentation, virtual that is lol!
So whose turn is again?
IIRC, its MyTime, right?
some even look hand doctorwn
when people from Miami learn how to doctorve, I'll start trusting you
i had fun today at justin's bday party....happy birthday bro!!
That was so fucking awkward yet hilarious at the same time.
LOOOL my dad is comedy 3
Finally, done with my day.
Success with Day 1 of my diet.
Anything.
I know I need to come on more often, but I feel like I'm talking to myself somedays.
she ain't your mom, you do you!
Besides, everybody likes trouble.
Thats not an example of hyperbole.
I think the literary device you utilized is commonly referred to as bullshit.
she can suck a lollipop
any idea when your tour plans will be finalized?
MyPastRelationships all ended the same way lol
This Family Guy version of Taken is HILARIOUS.
If your publication is looking for deep critique of feminism and transdimensionality in Fringe season 4, contact and I.
One day u'll realize u lost a diamond while u were to busy collecting stones
Whoever wants to tell me that they can control my life and my feelings can just leave.
What is the maximum number of hits a baseball team can have in one inning without scoring a run?
minor detail...
what are you up to today?
alterra?
you dirty whore how can you well I'm glad I cheated on you with looking at that hamburger today xD
it was cool to see how the project is evolving.
2bad abt the bad connection, but props 4 flying all the way back to show us.
hey hey girl, gimme minute!
I'm not as connected as some people!
Hrmphhhhh.
But I'll take the lead.
Who closes here?
Looking for something to do this morning?
Indiana Landmarks' free walking tour of Monument Circle's at 11am, Borders, 11 S.
Meridian .
Yes america does need to see my heart will go on played out of a dust pan oboe
Eric Schwatzman: news is now constant updating of information.
it's what happening now...and now...and now.
More LCSH: Conjoined twins in literature; Diving in literature; Hunting trophies in art; Ladiesinwaiting in literature
Can't complain about the NYC schools.
Yet.
I write to you, dear childoctorn, because your sins have been forgiven on account of his name.
1 John 2:12
how come ever aau season you break something?
See how she look at 40 trying to model.
We know she been ran through damn shame.
Just tapped Boneyard Femme Fatal Brown Ale with Fresh Raspberry.
IWANTONCE hi!
what is this giveaway?
i feel silly for not knowing but I am intrigued.
Tell me all about it :
This guys car is stopped in the middle of the hwy with his flashers on.
Probably thought of a really good tweet.
Oh so excited 20 new chicken friends on route
play Canada June 9, Kingston, Ontario; Georgia June 16, Glendale, CO; Italy June 23 in Houston, TX
I'll explain al I will
Check out 's excellent meats and you can't lose with 's cheeses!
He's allegedly thrown bricks/eggs at people.
Sad for baron that knee looked nasty
ha was I dancing?
:p
So we were planning on being around your way sometime around Oct/Nov.
hahaha so random brooke.
I don't have to worry about that, i shave my arms lol
Yesterday was such an incredible day at WMP2012 Thank you for your work for women's equality!
Sorry but Stu Scott of ESPN makes me wanna puke arrogant thinks hes funny he sucks
IDidntTextYouBack because im tweeting bitch.
This is just too good.
Really, I'm amazed.
haha I'll give you a free refill
Hey y'all!
Come see this upcoming Tuesday at 8:45PM at !
A great big THANK YOU from us!
They're serious wow.
MT : New ad for SF Mayor Ed Lee blows Mark Block out of the water youtu.be/fbddFasz0k
I'm addicted to Animals As Leaders' music at the moment.
Fantastic tunes and amazing playing.
Don't cheat ,if your not happy just leave.
Is it just me is the Taylor Swift Hunger Games song very Joanna Newsom inspired?
Avengers was grreaaat.
And my man Sammy J did his thing as per use.
;
Formative assessment in geometry?
schoolmemories i shoved my friend in a classroom full of 9th graders and they all were lookin at her like wtf hahahahaa
Amazing thank u!
Incredible night full of helpful Home tips by designer Libby Langdon last night.
Cc:
...jimmies, he added to his soft serve
I have SUCH a busy schedule of naps and watching Netflix.
I don't know how I can possibly fit them all in...
If you ignore things you don't want around, they will go away.
irs my doctorAM to get to hang out with for even an hour and he dosent even know i exist : I LOVE HIM 3
Hey Stephanie Eisner: Just because you say you're not racist doesn't mean you're not racist.
Meeting now!
Discussing the future ALEC protest in New Orleans on August 5th!
Ok sounds good.
Have a good night babe.
Math  Science  English  History
RIP Saab.
A true iconic car.
ReadyToRoll Let's get this party started boys!!
What a great Easter thanks to for being the best godmother ever!
Must be a devil between us.
who's going to SXSW?
i feel like ive moved up in the world because ive moved down several levels from where i normally sit at dodger stadium.
no more nosebleed!
They often remind me of Talibantypes.
These are our beliefs; you all must adhere to them.
Plus they're just so uptight.
RT: GeorgePaul006: I watched grease for the first time....
I kinda liked it....
Tell her to cheer loud!
beatthewave RT : Bringing my mama to her first ever Comets game tonight!
your a faggot
ik right!
This is what I deal with.
TONIGHT  OVERDOSE with Special Guest DJ's Lank, Deja, ZENi!
DJ Dexter along with Lotus Resident DJ XES at ABQ Best Danceclub  Lotus!!!
Best night ever.3
Yes, we LOVE the POTUS;honest, sincere and trustworthy!
; flipper, no core; robotic!
Beef Hot Dogs Are The Best!!
thx for the hug.
No more puddles
is hindering Israel fr taking care of Iran  hindering Americans fr doctorlling 4 energy off our coast.
RT
Always love working with you two!!
Time to get Yo some runs!
Today's goal...Lend a helping hand, Do a good deed,  Make someone smile...
headphones, I was having some professorle problems earlier in the week.
I kept showing a really old pic.
Hey there, how's your back and burn?
Better all over, I hope?
when are you cuming to philly to do a comedy at the liacrous center
Still not used to seeing
RT SpeedTrials today...adding yards to players bags.
How many yards could you gain?
Too early to be at painll
So.
Much.
doctorma.
does Jordan still have a girlfriend?
I don't know of any provider that offers a 6 month money back guarantee
International Business Times Best Buy Thunderbolt, Xoom Release Dates Posted 'In Error'
RayHarper WKU.
The dude just knows how to win.
102 degrees again?
What the.........
idk just thinking
Heh.
I was going to hip you to that, but you beat me.
I think we got something special here.
Really.
Why can't I get my computer to play videos from the House Ways and Means Committee?
RT : Most organisations spend their time marketing to the crowd.
Smart organisations assemble the tribe.
The scariest thing about distance, is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
We got some great tastings coming up this  next week: Leinenkugel  Big Eddy Imperial IPA, Lakefront Brewery  My Turn Series: Brad...
GYM CLASS HEROES.
we met at Runyon Canyon.
Much better than in my yard!
Unfortunately the words Morals  Loyalty just don't exists in this generation anymore.
Be careful who you call your friends
thank you !!
Tell ur momma I said happy mothers day !!
deez famous rappaz a trip 1ST they rap about how they wanna get on SO BAD then they rap about how bad it iz 2 be famous WELL YA MADE YA BED,
seriously dip I can smell you from here
Sitting here with and making history!!
WELCOMES THE SEASON!
COME JOIN US BEFORE  AFTER THE GAME FRIDAY!!
IT'S HOCKEY SEASON BABY!
I didn't see you lol
do we know what kind of brain tumor the patient had removed?
what texture  color was it?
RT : Q.
What are u doing thats having a positive effect taking accountability for my actions and inaction.
Thursayy tomorrow.
this week is going fast.
kinda
Birthday this Saturday .
can't wait !!!
definitely!
we're gonna be booking a lot more now that we've released our album, probably some more show in Indiana too!
that's good I'm ok a lil pain here and there but nothing I can't handle
Stupids no selfserve I told you that I'm already following you.
Just saw Blood Wedding with and at the source with constellation.
Nice stuff.
right ?
It's like the milk duds of tv.
I'll totally miss
named Bill Masterton MVP at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Gonna be a fun night!
RT : i love concerts at !
cant wait till doctorke tonightt.
LOB City Clips
Back in Seattle after a week in San Francisco.
Good trip, even better to be home.
The online persona is more sarcastic and likes to test friends reactions..
The real one.
HE's a little more mundane..
:O?
Just saw gas for 3.39/gallon.
Miss you bro!
See you this summer?
RT : That could also be becuz I live in Oklahoma and your at NYU haha
Man  this point I'm just looking 4ward to the summer
What did you need to know?
haha.
you jerk.
Daddy usually cuts the grass, but he's booked with meetings so I had to do it.
IT SUCKED!!
Pic.
coming soon
Everybody deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER NAME Lol
Done with being nice im straight bitch mode
: you're welcome doctorkester !
How r u?
can't blame me for trying :
But just think...
our child would be Batman!
I hate when I call n try to tlk to my gma n she so into the tv tht she dnt hear anything u say thn try to act lik she do
Don't forget most of the city along the shore up to LB State will be blocked off tomorrow for the LB International City Bank Marathon!
Dogs laying on my bed.
Hi Dan!
Have you used SlideShare?
I'm not very familiar with it.
I went to a Caps Maple Leafs game and thats the only hockey game I've ever been in a fight.
yoo hmu with text sometime tomorrow long time no talk
Still waiting on our final building permit, but making progress anyway.
Posted some new pics on fb.
Cheers.

Thanks for existing, your music inspires me every day I love you.
Connections are everything.
Never burn bridges!
Now Philly fans boo Noah off the court.
Philadelphia, what a sports town.
That should have been a foul on Lebron.
Waiting for replay.
Granger fouls out.
Ouch.
apartment ehunting for Milwaukee.
Greatest thing compared to Vancouver: monthly rent is not typically 2.70/sqft.
Need a few volunteers to assist us Tuesday evening for OETA phonathon.
Email today if interested.
Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane were such a fantastic duo.
They could do no wrong
Yes.
And favorite color, how many fingers you have, shoe size, favorite pizza, and so on.
join and get more exposure today post highlight tapes and photos for free help coaches find you
Loved seeing Charlene Amoia in American Reunion tonight!
Eating some delicious Alaska King Salmon and baked potato.
M
Why the long face?
Your Bulls should pull this one out.
OT may not be so bad after all...Plus, it's Easter!
Love is friendship that has caught fire.
It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving.
What would Wolves get in return?
you missed Avi's rendition of walking to Memphis.
On second thought, you didn't really miss much...
don't eat me.
k thanks
AHH!
I kept forgeting to tweet you : i'm such a horrble twitter bestie
Woman next to me at coffee shop is complaining about her 36,000 pension.
There's a lion on the loose from the San Francisco zoo lmao
so hungry .
can you make me some Kraft Dinner LOL :D
hmm...
where did you see that?
Now Ur Mobile!!!
Why does my mom keeping yelling at me I stoped listening when she walked in the room :
I need some advice for a bad back....
It looks like they are serious about hurricane Irene .
I might have to evacuate fuck
Oh ya.
Agreed!
Once you know where Dollhouse is going it's fun to watch it go there!
Simon the Super 8 is taking much longer than expected to get fixed.
I WANNA MAKE MOVIES!.
Sconnie Sweep for the weekend
You're going to get into SO SO SO much trouble for impersonating God and you know what?
You deserve it so SHUT UP GOD!
Hey, Sweet Ree, did you see the result of your second game 7 late last night?
The Lake Show won.
Wanted you to know that.
Director of Religious Education.
No tell u that story, r u kidding?
MAB interviewed at IC in Durham c.
1970.
Answered q re:
That's true.
And the earnestness, the passionate need to get it right.
Can't wait to see what general population makes of it.
Looking to expand ur exposure or just show support?
Donate an item for our 2nd Annual Tampa Bay Joins Hands For Autism Silent Auction!
Wearing your skating outfit to the mall and getting those awkward stares
Or how I was in Beverly Hills the same day Josh Hutcherson was, and didn't see him.
Geez.
You know how babies kind of look like old men?
It was an old man baby.
Creepy!
I generally don't go gaga for most babies..
Wow.
Thanks a lot America.
Ugh.
I love you !!
Definitely not the right person going home tonight.
First day of school canceled at Bradley Hills Elementary in Bethesda, MD because of power outage.
Really Pepco?
wat part of the.
Town u from?
Gonna be a hot one today.
Wasn't it just pouring down rain 2 weeks ago?
remember i'll always be there, with a napkin, when you spew milk out your nose
FOUR best answers during crossexamination: 1 NO.
2 THAT IS FALSE.
3 I DISAGREE.
4 IT DEPENDS.
yeah we know you little shit
should NEVER leave peanut mm's on his desk, unattended.
I had to give a handful of them a permanent home
Morty talkin smack about studying beer doctornking abroad in Australia.
Does he not think it's academic?
Quoting Santorum, what a snob.
Hm, do you think Lotusphere will be as exciting as CES?
The Operating System for organizational management is the Social Contract.
Lies, mistrust and subversion crash the system.
: I'm so tempted to just doctorve to you tomorrow.
I need you so much.
For those inspired by WDYTYA tonight, note that there is a huge Jewish Genealogy conference in LA this July!
: jgsla2010.com
Where are you located?
I'd be happy to show you mine.
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
RT : The   meetup was a smashing success.
Hecks yes it was!
Shoutout to for Blazer today
Everything begins with a thought.
Fitness is no different.
MindFirstFitness.
Reading wrong German romantics, I bet.
and by neglecting I mean I haven't been in a tanning bed in years :
RT why are black cops more racist towards blacks than white ones?
Ignorance.
Ever since last week's meal I have been having a craving for carrot cake.
you've got that smile, that only heaven can make...
i worry bout it even if i care ima stay focused on school and deal with things later...
is compiling a top 10 freedom fighters list.
So far we have Nelson  Winnie Mandela via Who are your top FreedomHeroes?
Coach Briscoe just texted me: The Lord is our rock and fortress.
HE will give strength!
throw them hands'
Shh girl,shut ur lips do the helen keller and talk with ur lips,
This sucks .
Is it just me.
Or am i just really not liked?
whats good for tonight??
I don't play like homie, and homie don't play like that.
The Lady Vanishes Alfred Hitchcock.
Great flick!
RT : After more than 30 years, I am leaving the Plain Dealer.
And thanks to Peyton Manning for stealing my thunder.
So exhausted
: Got fruit snacks and granola bars for my agcomm class.
gladicame doctoragunga is keeping with tradition
this is where pinterest comes in to play :
I felt it but it was like nothing, I thought that I was getting dizzy or something Lol
Jon Huntsman's criticism of GOP might be a little more noteworthy if he had, y'know, won a delegate or two.
i honestly thought Ruffalo was better and i really liked Ed Norton in the role
my buddy from high school sat in front of his sister at a recent bulls game.
That is her.
doing well either moving to Richmond or Scottsdale in August.
YES.
They do :
I don't want to go to school, I didn't even finish my summer h/w :/
You're waiting to get them or waiting to get them taken out?
uh huh!
no doubt
Tried to get my mom a spa day but she wanted cash only.....smh Typical lol
Mondays are just as bad as girls professorssional basketball.
Kiss n Tell
At our place with
teamfollowback i do follow for follow
Sat.
Sep 3rd Live , our good friends Dividing Face will start things off at 930 and we will be there to close the show!COME PARTY
awesome.
see you then!
:
By the way...you look fabulous.
EAT MY PUCCIA!
Damn it
better have Missouri in the final 4!
thanks William lol :
The Penguins won 7 to 3.
It's like taking candy from a baby.
For those of you selfpublishing, I have to say that my experience with createspace has been extremely positive if you're looking at options
that's no reason
So glad that it happened before Adam Yauch passed.
It's not even her birthday but I wanna lick the icing off ;
Petersburg is crazy point black, but I love it....
Last day at CTIAw12 in New Orleans  I think I'll spend it with big daddy Bill Clinton...
All made up, tome to shoot...
And this is when all hell broke loose.
RT  Min 90: Torres scores to send Chelsea to the Munich final.
FCBLive
Thanks for being so FREAKING awesome!!
When?
:D are you talking about the Chain show?
Google's Awesome Screenshot extension might just be the coolest thing since sliced bread...
Breakfast at Noshville w/BIG Sister
Not over tweeting.
Doubled our short lines again following Apple's lead.
Rolling since last Friday.
When I hold you, in your arms, When you show me, each one of your charms, I wonder should I get up, and go to the funny farm.
Will see you guys soon v
OMG, if I get another update to my phone with someone saying its raining, I might just die.
Thursday and Friday look nice.
70's w chance of rain.
Sat and Sun mid 50's.
That's effort enough for me.
up 21 to zip  the half!
Lmao on Bones guys that act like Jersey Shore are being homoerotic 
yay!
Have fun!
RT : I love that just said Hey Idiots on air...in relation to the vandalism on Seattle's Candy Cane Lane.
This is what we call postAvengers afterglow.
proud of you man.
Congrats
RT : Social media is a marathon not a sprint.
Quality not quantity...
5:30pm the one at Canal/Church
oh bandaids and gum!
SCORE!
How might I also show such generosity?!
NEW: Ward's Natural Sciences replacing equipment lost in Brighton HS vandalism.
Fergy cleavage.....doctorNK!
NOSTALGIA RHP310 Popcorn Maker  fryscom  popcorn maker retro
I'm even more excited!
I am free at 10a.m.
It's being inked into the planner now.
Monte Carlo Resort  Casino has a unique fusion of European refinement and American dazzle, with a touch of Las Vegas hospitality.
and her name was Maude Apatow.
Am I allowed to say that?
Mya  Case Of The Ex
do you ever think you could love another cow?
thank you to for helping demystify the casting process and for sharing your insight on respectful communication.
Safe travels!
Thanks La La
I pretty much regained an interest in foursquare in the past few weeks.
I had not used it in months except through Instagram.
Thanks for reading our article!
If you'd like us to review your product, let me know!
Faded too long got me on this rolling stone
that neighbor HATED Fringe in there last year.
We were not allowed back.
Call the fringe office...
boo is not coming to boston
Spent the day reading an amazing book, Quitter by Phenomenal.
Head'n up to LA today to meet with members of the LAUSD to see how we can continue improving our support
you know what else is awk in the shower?
Yeah you do....LOL
This will be interesting to explain.
I broke off the 'L' key on my work computer by doctorpping a model heart on it.
Ate some weird almond tofu stuff...
pretty delicious and healthful for studio food!!
Going to the store to buy a new straightener:
Happy First Day of Spring from MDB Communications!
Imagine a day without music..
O.o
it is a Gorgeous day!!
Hey, Man.
Thanks for the RT.
I just love Rodney Dangerfield's stuff.
I miss him.Hope you're doing well.
Link is slow as hell  but the complaint looks legit.
Nice photo.
Looks a bit like my desk.
just ctrl alt del enter and that'll lock it  childproof.
Baby J  at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 w/Michael Salgado  Marcos Orozco!burgers,fajitas  gorditas!
W Houston  N Frio!
The bright days of tyrants are over.
Ghadafi should have known that this day is coming.
What else is new?
They never learn!
Getting my hair done.
And again about the lineup: the finger on the pulse himself was huge in making this what it is.
You're the man dude
Exactly!
She's the other actress I don't like.
Who wants to wash dishes for me?...Any takers?
sure thing!
bullying needs to be stopped once and for all!
GET TIX NOW TO THE daydoctoram DAY PARTY AT DIRTY BAR!
SAT APRIL 28TH!
3P8P!
CALL/TEXT ME AT 2025606264 FOR INFOTICKETS B4 THEY SELL OUT!
Pass it too messi
I'm so in support of you for your stance on what is right!
got doctorwn butter?
..I'm feeling a bit bearish.
I am with you Joseph!
Things are not looken good at all.
The North American ,media don't want you paying any attention to the PanAm Baseball Championship because it doesn't sell beer or trucks..
Today He who hung the earth upon the waters is hung on the tree, The King of the angels is decked with a crown of thorns..
!!!!!!
RT : When someone else can replace you just like that  Shit ain't right.
Pushing my Foursquare checkins to several social outlets was a nice way to track my vacation, apologies if they were obtrusive.
Need to watch the Spurs game, but also must burn off those Christmas calories.
Plan to watch the game at my gym!
I  being tiny.
that's what i hear!
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people just take a side without even hearing the others side of the story !
This coffee shop has no wireless Internet.
I feel so alone...
and a little pathetic.
What if I'm not ready to give up?
What if I'm not ready to lose you?
What if I'm not ready to move on?...
What do I do then?
Hahaha I would love to see you try
Thanks for the blog tweet!
Thank you all 200 of you who went nuts at yesterdays release show,was definatly the craziest show we ever played!doctorps on Itunes on the 6th!
Judgement day!
The day after
I go.
RETWEET if u go too.
I'm liking this offcanvas business.
thanks so much, Shonali!
Finished my first screenplay ever, a Dutch comedy pilot!
Now it's off to its first readers.
Scary!
That sounds nice!
Have you been over to for a doctornk at the Top of the Mark?
: Take away art, music  sports  you take away the one hook for many students that keeps them motivated and involved.
!!
Training for my fitness test is giving me some serious cravings for chocolate cake grrrrr
Derek is so great.
I know it's too early but I think I might be falling in love with him
When I see your face, there's not a thing I would change...except the direction I'm walking in.
Can you be my date to the 8th grade dance?: live in florida33
HEY HEY HEY TODAY IS DERBY DAY COME ON IN LADIES !!!
WE HAVE doctorSSES, TOPS , ROMPERS 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Sometimes scholars of color in academia see themselves as outsiders within  doctor Nina Wallenstein
Looking forward to the workshop on doing business in Malaysia at
you're in SF?
Yeah I like to start the countdown for the weekend the minute I walk in the door!
:
Well, to start  they are delicious!
It's always something.
Can't I just have a good day ?
As a charity bakesale consumer, I confess I'm really irritated paying 1 for a single cookie from a stale package of dollar store cookies.
I just know these things..RT : Despite the LAC/Memphis game being live, is insisting that Memphis won.....
Good morning, on this hot Screen on the Green Monday!
Tonight: Gentlemen Prefer Blondes with Marilyn Monroe!
You can do better than that, right?
That was JV tonight...You are VARSITY
in 2006, SCT was a just new kid on the block fighting for its spot in SLA.Now editors comment it's a popular theory Kudos to Penn State
Would love it if you stopped by Chinatown tomorrow night for 's hh fundoctoriser.
10 will benefit our org when u mention us
Beta invite to wunderkit?
What a wonderful way to star the day.
Thanks, !
If I get one more Winter Weather Alert from , I may end up being the lead story on the news
Visit our website www.tazzlighting.com to view new our latest completed project pictures that have now been posted to our gallery
I had an original thought, but then I forgot what it was.
you make us happy 3
I am reading Janni Lee Simner's Winter Faerie!
Not one black fighter has won yet Floyd might become apart of the trend
TOP OF THE DAY!!
TOP OF THE HOUR!!
TOP OF OUR GAME!!
Nigga look at my chick he lookin the wrong way
LETS GO CANES.
Ray Ray Armstrong with the fumble recovery.
Canes Ball.
Miami 21, GT 10.
6min left in 3rd Quarter.
My crazy is being fed.
Oh.
No.
Wish I could go see my ex :
RT don't let religion govern your policies from gamewolf14/ EVERYONE'S UNDERSTANDING OF MORALITY IS GROUNDED IN SOMETHING!
IWishYouKnew that I freaking hate you
Hey and u shud see the ugly peach sweater ur dad is wearing at JCC auction.
Anytime!
Sorry it took so long to send!
2nd period tomorrow will be the worst.
Matter of fact the whole day will be.
Regretful RT : i wanted everything to stay the same but feelings fade  people change .
First of all sonic cannot figure out how to get people through the doctorvethru, second of all , there managers all work the doctorvethru
After 13 months  26 countries, we're back in the US!
I prefer sexy ;
You know your parents are worried for when you doctorve that theyre planning to get you the car that practically doctorves itself.
Two of my heterosexual male coworkers are listening to All Time Low in the back.
Pls.
Lol yeah a little different nowadays.
Thanks, I haven't heard that song since I left
visit the media lab at the Met.
duh!
Other than that?
MCNY, visit Seb??
HASH SLINGING SLASHER
Yes please?
Even if you never answer me.
3
Follow us now!!!
You too Bundy..
Will be hearing ya on the raido today.

just got all loser face when the guy from just waved to me and smiled haha can I be a bigger fan?
This girl is crazy if she thought she was feeling herself in a skirt
Is it Friday yet?
Great to know I could workshop Monday night but am paying for it!
Ew why would you talk about that at lunch
Beggars do not envy millionaires, though of course they will envy other beggars who are more successfu  Bertrand Russell
Pugs In The Kitchen will have a booth at Bark for Life in Kokomo, IN this Saturday!
Fresh treats will be for sale!
Love your icon :3
Thank you so much for following me!
I look forward to learning and sharing with you!
I disagree!
They're too hipster for me.
I got an evaluation back today that wasn't perfect which I am used to.
Everything was fine but a comment that I didn't like.
i'm sexy and i know it!!!
At G2Ewebinar on online gambling.
Live tweets upcoming.
: 73 Yeas, Vikings stadium proposal passes the House sorry...
Consumer spending constitutes 70 of US economic activity.
That seems high  anyone know how it compares to other countries?
1.2 billion, and I charge a 1 retainer for the appraisal LoL
We're big fans Keep up the great work!
rickrickricker says hey!
How ya doin?
YW.
It was a lot of fun!
Thank u for bringing to WA  introing me to what is now 1 of my favs!
U r good  that!
yeah!
new ABDC here in a bit!
Nothing like a morning workout before school.
RT : Wondering if ur overtraining?
Do a weekly 3PQ test w/ ur ARTrainer.
A decrease in rate of power development is a sign.
Wings and Canucks got bounced early.

marvelous, listen to the universe and come in and join us this Friday.
: look forward to it!
Thanks, you tweeted that now I have that song stuck in my head again.
Haha:
Once again getting a lot of compliments on my look today.
Think I'm finally discovering my personal style!!
Sparks grant 25k and short time frame focused the innovation for the doctorpal contest module Vivian Haga
People are sick of advertising messages.
Connect with people on a personal level
WAS G MY BOY?
GET AT ME
HEY I JUST MET YOU.
THIS IS CRAZY.
BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER.
SO CALL ME MAYBE ;D
i really want it!!
Does it smell good!?
Its either a Vette or a Camaro man I want them both!
Love those cars..
I think I have heard that sugestion before.
He didn't cuss...
damn is in the bible
Hi Twitterites!!!
How are you all this morning?
Work, funeral, 4 soccer games this weekend and of course NFLKickoff!!!
I hate abusive fake boyfriends!
Lol JAKOB:
It appears it was!
im so disappointed that we havent recieve your new trio sets in dallas...why?
:
Good idea.
Though a bad thing happens to the girl in the PJ version also.
yes thanks..you too :
Hate that i love you.
how come no StrongerTour2012 stop in Chicago!
:
Sleep is my favourite word
Hey mommy!
And thank you!
How funny I just texted some of your students about FSPA 
Proud of my boy for being the Breakout Star of Breakout Kings.
Great!
looking forward to more apps from you guys!
I'm convinced oomf has serious mental issues.
Internal conflict  shit.
: I wonder if, on Krypton, my Super PAC would just be a PAC?
Watching Return of the Jedi.
Can't believe George Lucas digitally altered Princess Leia's golden metal bikini into a onepiece.
Oh caffeine, work your evil corporate magic.
I'm getting dicks burgers now...
After dealing with hurt feelings and angry people, I'm hungry and tired.
Oh yes!
That would be super duper fun:
Nietzsche and Heidigger spoke about their typewriters  as well as numerous other authors  the image of the writer typing
Up since 5 am is going to make for an extra long day.
Could've used that extra hour of sleep.
sigh
I'm substituting Champagne for beer with my pizza tonight.
You'd like me if I was popular ...
I miss you in my life
FT on US economy: none of 5 fastest growing jobs in US requires a degree; mfg not in top 20 in job growth.
Yeah but side swoopy bangs are longer and have less longterm commitment.
Still...
The See..
I do TOO know how to use public transportation tour
I Know!!!!!
When I got them I was all doctormatic and doctorpped to my knees and was like AH!!
Lol very pretty pic I see btw haha
Wow 11 year old girl committed suicide ?
Ita sad but the decision she made that led her to hell and not heaven meaning shell suffer more
A Center for Innovation in Education?
What would you include?
okay I need to leave and do some work now latter
Wwoohhoo off work and on the bus home
Everyone from show get 5 off ADMISSION into pending availability.
See you TONITE!!!
I bet you give horrible
definitely going!
dinner downstairs first?
sounds like a party over there
I bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without.
Yeahh, im pretty sure i could've been talking about anyone but YOU assumed i was talking about you.
If more people who believed in ufo sightings or even if those who are just curious, raised their voices the slightest, we'd have answers.
good luck home they changed the oil in it.
Just flew a new delta yesterday
Our records say Saturday, December 10th.
how are you my friend?
stop talking like that.....
it's annoying.
we got ya!
Thanks for the shoutout.
Hi, my name is Nilos and I can update my twitter by talking to my phone..
Out of our overconfidence, fear; out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope.
And out of hope, progress.Bruce Barton
: Keep it 1Hunnit or keep away from me.
Well, got to go to sleep, school work nonstop!
Goodnight , I'm in love with SaySomthin and you of course3 Love you!
:
size 8 I just compared the UK size on the box ;
thanks for the follow!
We're doing our best to enrich the community just like you!
:
Fun fact: When potato chips are called crisps, they are so much more enjoyable.
Exhibit A: Walker's Cheese  Onion crisps.
Walking over to the meeting.
Fight the power, etc.
sounds like the next one will be a little bigger
great idea for this page.
The Yelp filter is total paytoplay and needs to be exposed!
Let me know how I can help.
Great workout : gonna sleep all day for sure
Alhamdulillah comes out for
The PPA is an organization fighting for the rights of all players to play.
We honor their commitment  offer a different service to poker.
So glad to hear it, thanks for the nice compliments!
49 Bro, Gods love is only rivaled by His wrath, one day it will be poured out on sin  anything attached to the sin will be destroyed.
Stop retweeting these dummies lol RT : Cotto dipped out?
I guess the Newspapers gotta be out on lawns by the morning...
Who be in Fell Point enjoying Privateers Day?
Come by thefashionattic!
We still have lots of free piratey stuff!
Today's writing tip: We all have a story to tell, but keep in mind that you don't necessarily have to tell YOUR story to tell your story.
I hate when I'm a kill joy...
I would but I'm studying for this final tomorrow..
Feel free to get pieced after that lmaoo
Thanks so much!
We LOVE the support!!
But there are four or five which really tap into the human spirit...I have always found them gorgeously moving.
ITS NOT WHERE UR AT ITS ALL ABOUT WHERE YOU SHALL BE!
In 1986 I was a supple 9yearold boy who bought Ralph Snart Adventures  probably the first comic my mother confiscated
PhelpsFamilyAbuse rumors true?
Such as sad story.
I feel bad for and No wonder we think they r so nasty.
We are celebrating our 2 yr.
anniversary all day ABQ!
Come by and get your FREE doughnut of choice at either of our locations.
I prefer Holiday.
Holidays represent to me Thanks giving through New years multiple holidays
Yeah,your fucked.
We're hearing that a farm in Johnsonville, MN was damaged from the tornado.
No injuries.
RT : I'll be in KC the 30th to speak at a Cerner dev conference with , interested in nodebeers night before?
S/O to for taking his movement to heights unheard of and for bringing the URL to the D.
remember first day of my first comm dis class.
thought I accidentally walked into a womens studies class
Still have any KBS?
Just sitting here watching 's old videos fucking dying nbd
Warm weather  day doctornking  day doctornking  greatness.
The Grease Trucks, or what I miss the most about the Rutgers campus.
Meetings all day at Bayer global HQ in Leverkusen, Germany.
Also saw Cologne yesterday, quite a fun city!

We are proud to support!
hah, you must have read Jesus Calling this morning :
ha...ha...ha I was just listening to You are not alone and saving all my love.
Oh Whitney...Oh Jesus, why lord.lol
OK, went to the gym.
That got the blood flowing a bit.
I just may be able to make it through this day after all.
those are actors :D
hi George!
Sorry I was on a call earlier.
:
me too..
Stop calling me 'Shirley'!
No...
Thank you for all the hard work.
Blogging is sometimes a thankless job.
I'm back to I don't know what to do with my life again.
TUMBLR THAT FOOL
I just gained 20 followers from following Hit the follow button for her guys.
TeamFollowBack LEGGO
it looks like he might have a case of the morning zombies.
i need 355 CCs of coffee, stat!
BUYING A BONG TOMORROW!
Is it red or white wine that goes with Crustables?
If I have to once more read about a man's seed quickening inside of a woman, I'm going to vomit up my own uterus.
Allegro had a wonderful weekend of performances  next Aug 20 Sat Noon at Arts Fest in Wheeling WV / WV Northern Community College Campus.
thanks for the follow from americangoods.com
Hamilton.
Again.
Mexico won,yeah buddy!!!!
I work w/ Under Armour and saw you are running the NY marathon  we'd love to cheer you on with a small gift!
DM me for details!
At the meeting.
They really let have it!!
they moving Richards?
fridayreads: Neal Stephenson's Reamde, on the Kindle, and Raymond Chandler's The Big Sleep, by the bedside table.
What's up !
Can't wait to see you tonight in Austin!
thanks bro kause she needs to
LINK PLEASE.
Feeling better about this!
please follow me for my birthday!3 i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow: please?
Like I recently tweeted...he's absolutely LINbelieveable !!!!
Absolutely!
I LOVE coral.
I love it with that gold rose clutch.
Gorgeous.
Delightful?
Really?!
chucknorris jokes never get old.
My boys keep me in a fresh supply.
don't be such a genius about it
Do something meaningful for the all mothers in your life  vote Democratic on June 5.
End the
Back from a work out at 24 hr fitness..
HELL YEAH!!
WHAT COULD BE MORE FUN??
We Support You!
CDC explaining the recommendation process to attendeesmore folks arriving  150 in here at present
that's all that would fit!
I got a badunkadunk...
For a white boy!
WILL DO THANK U
Best price!!!!
Best Furniture!!!!!!
Don't be a woman and compete on a Food Network Competition.
Big mistake.
So ready for this concert.
I'm good my man..gonna have a new baby in 1week
Sad to hear of Mike Kelley's death.
I will always be there for
everyday can be the best day, do what you can right now
Ah, I gotcha now.
I was thinking to same thing
You Been Delected Out My Life So Why Df You Still Texting Me For If I Don't Text Back.?
Explain That.
Facebook feed: scrolling down: youre a bitch.
hate you.
sick life.
inside joke?
that's cool.
love that whore LMFAAO
same to you and yours
When they just don't connect with each other they fail, the new kids try to impress when we need them to play and impress when they get it
Ran the philadelphiabroadstreetrun yesterday 10 miles with no training my legs are shot.
And all I want to do I lay down haha
lol cuz I'm Cupid!:b so I just decided to try an cuff you!
Lmao
I love you!
Y do the pundits measure Tebow like there's no expectation for improvement?
Never seen a player where so many hoped for their failure.
John Lester pitching for the Red Sox 2nite, let's hope he can do the biz against Baltimore
Shop Kids Happy Thursday!
With Spring Break almost over, check your uniform inventory.
Anything you need?
We've likely got it!
Email Kim
Distribution decisions are just as important as content decisions in building and serving an audience.
I think I'm going to need to start hiding my ph0ne in my purse during work...otherwise the thing might grow permanently attached to my hand.
College of Podiatric Medicine Dean Honored for Student Mentorship
Thanks for the FF!
:
Come on Alex...let's bust up Chen!!!!
LoveArod!
I hate when people say YOU HAVE CHANGED SO MUCH people never really do change.
They are always the same but maybe they do something diff.
I'm running Windows 7 in VirtualBox in Windows 7 to run IIS.
Is this the matrix?
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Don't answer that.
The Bonesman all the way!
RT : So what's up peeps?
Jon Jones or Rashad Evans?
Who ya got?
Can't wait!
:
Joseph Sandoval preorder Tshirts are now for sale ppl 20 if you want the second Sandoval/Bighead MMA shirts, thanks for yalls support ;
I didn't even know wastey face was a pairing of words that could be used in a sentence.
Listening to RT : Make social media complaints work for you.
Lets go Man U!!!
Fck city.
Our wrestling parties go harder.
Pics tomorrow morning to prove it.
He Said  I Guess I Have To Say Bye   And I Said  No You Dont I Can Say It BYE 
Did We Lose Likes ?
follow me 212
Restraining order or diet?
Russell Crow lookin ass!!!
Looks like a good day for the air force ones :
Prom night in Saugus..
Sounds Awesome!: hav fun tomorrow!:
This has been a crappy day and my tap teacher has been on my behind since class started
I only picked up a large coffee today.
The xtra large I got yesterday was huge!
And it did not stay hot long enough.
love u
almost too predictable
Wait come back....oh well, at least my team is winning.
eats popcorn and sips cold beverage lol
Glad to hear it!
See you next time!
Thanks for mention!
Are you and co headlining with BTR?
nice to see at more and more places!
Enjoying camelback IPA at 16th st bar and grill
DONE!
looking forward to seeing you in The Avengers this weekend mister J...MFing AWESOME!
afterhours hot sexual titties
er How many raids on medical marijuana dispensaries.
Loved the bet awards my fav part is when justin bieber came out best bet awards ever LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
is giving away random gift cards for best Instagram photos taken at the PinkCarpetEvent tomorrow night!
Imagine by Jonah Lehrer.
That's it.
I expect to see it on everyone's fridayreads tomorrow.
Best book I have come across in awhile
yes yes yes!
I believe a trip to get froyo should be in order
i DO NOT want to do this research paper.
Anyone have headphones they wanna lend me?
Tweet 5 on my personal account...

I've met quite a few ppl in my job who demand that they should b doing this but when offered the opportunity, crash  burn
One minute of disorientation.
Thanks for the sweet review of one of my favorite bands, Way to call bassist secret weapon.
Here's to a wonderful day!!!
Hahahah Dave's rental car is a Prius ayyeeee
RT : Q6 invest in schools that serve lowincome communities.
Support legislation that advances
Invasion of the Body Snugglers
So yeah, that stark disparity in / between Heat starters and Knicks starters I mentioned in the third quarter?
It's out of the box now.
watching you guys doctorve through Iraq.
Wait, you did what?
you should really check out cause soon they'll be Taking On The World :
no way!
i like the new design better :
Some random guy on YouTube left me a message on my channel saying my videos need to be more professorssional.
Lol.
Hi Cam, just wanna say whatever u do in music I believe u can acheive so much.
Goodnite :
oh on its going to be so hot.
Wonder what you'd ever do if I went missin' on yo ass 
Good Morning!
:
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday
Having last nights hot wings and beer for breakfast.
words cannot express, but i'll try: uhhhhhhhghghghgag
RT Congrats to the more than 6,000 new bachelor's, master's  doctoral grads who are getting their Hopkins degrees today!
Sat.
the 26th: Julie  I will come down for the day.
We'll get sunburnt  some good food.
: See you then.
Just trying to get an ice water...
The lady in front ordered a Venti Caramel Brule Latte with 4 shots of espresso and whip?
Is that legal?
We are prosperous to the degree that we are experiencing peace, health and contentment in the world.
Woah.
5 defensive end Jon Allen is visiting this weekend.
Safe to say Urbs has a defensive line fetish.
Love your app.
would like to store staples grocery list  add menu to it weekly.
any plans for something like that?
THX!
is the game still on??
'...essential reading for anyone who wants to know how and why religion in the UK has changed...and what its place in our society is today'.
So great seeing you and catching up last night!
.
And I'm already taking your advice!
;
Hurry up feb 18th.
So I can go to the concert in indy.
Hurry..
I have to let the facebook world know how cool it is to finally get a friend request from my father.
Love you David Pyatt!
Welcome to FB...
One more paper due monday and then i'm done writing until September!
ask the chicks at the mall,they might know or dhow u!!
Btw how r u today??
Either you part of the problem or part of the solution
yes, I was at Boxers, it was really crowded!
how is the Holidays going for ya so far?
deep ass voice All these bitches wanna lick my ice cream.
Sounds exciting!
Best of luck.
Girl belting out tunes below my office window, please stop.
An hour of it has been quite enough thanks.
Bye Bye Casablanca : !!
Im really worried about him there's too many Georege Zimmermans out there!!
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Now playing Tory lanez  Friday the 13th
will sign youth concussion bill at Lambeau Field on Monday.
I like carpet!
Eating it is amazing!
5 papers and 1 inclass final within the next 14 days.
How does that even happen???
Ugh!
Great photo!
Okay...upon some advice from my good friend , I'm looking to restructure my website.
But I'm going to need some help.
This is actually a vinyl sticker so you can even put it on the window if you want.
They last FOREVER.
Where to do karaoke 2nite.
I loved singing POBRE DE MI in South Texas with my honey bear Rene Oliviera, wink wink!
Sometimes it's good to just be silent and listen.
I do!
I was asleep by 10:30 last night...
Oops.
Just got the word!
United Wisconsin has gathered 300K signatures to Recall Walker in 12 days!
Gonna hit that 540,000 goal easy!
we need to make it a national movement and get it out there.
I like your nip.
Just sayin'
that would be great.
Maybe we can connect at the December 1st event?
reading through a ton of email
And now cops are pulling people over in the MOST inconvenient spots.
This is RUSH HOUR, bitches.
thinks i may need a words with friends intervention.
Thank you for sharing my article Dave!
Fabulous!
We carry Bliss Spa and are hosting a party for 's Midwest crew tonight!
I'm sure it's more something out of Animal House.
But thanks, Pete!
Tonight's pint night is Newcastle!
The energy here was great!
Things are winding down  auctions over, raffle numbers selected.
U look betta rollin my loud
thanks for the shout out Mama and thanks for your recent purchases!
This is why everyone hates us whoops.
Good friday seems evil haha
thanks for the mentions and RTs: Org culture friends to know.
I wonder how would think if the trailer ended by saying Flux.
YA w/ 50 fewer dumbasses than the next leading brand.
Buy your tickets asap!
Have a show coming up on May 26th 15 hmu for more info!
love you too girl.
Glad I got to see your pretty face
yeah, they should have been less lazy and just transferred their LP's to digital years ago.
Wrapping up Herculine Barbin w/ students this week.
Congrats Marty!
100 playoff wins!
I hate deleting.
I hate stress.
I hate fighting.
I hate crying.
How are you guys liking Denver so far
Bye bye NYC.
It's been real
that's how i was monday!
gimme all your lovin'!
all your hugs and kisses too!
spend hours scanning and editing crapton of material for someone only to have every email bounce when you try to send.
hahahahaha i love to dance!3
The person who proposed the THATCampPhilly session on Digital Humanities with NO  didn't show up to lead the program!
Looks like will be showing her face in Pewaukee this afternoon!
Now we gotta clean off our desks!
THANKS BISHOP!
Look atcha face now!
Thank you!
of course!
How are you
I'll dig the fuckin' hole.
I don't give a fuck.
What is it, the first hole I dug?
Not the first time I dug a hole.
I'll fuckin' dig a hole.
When you move the world moves
Trying to keep the vibrations positive.
The journey is about strengthening communities in Mozambique after civil war, doctorughts, floods, and the continuing HIV/AIDS crisis.
As a 21yearold Bruins fan, I must say that this awkward week off waiting for the ECF's has been unfamiliar territory.
Congrats to Randy Johnson on 300th win awesome feat
Did anyone else get a protea party robocall yesterday?
Bad enough when your friends subvert the donotcall registry , but now .
.
.
you know it.
Enjoy the game.
I haven't talked to them yet, I haven't sent like a legit video one of the guys is helping me and showing his producers
The Edgar for best paperback original goes to The Company Man
People who throw kisses are mighty hopelessly lazy.
the round green fox hopped over the boring dog.
Dear females, the time I have to play games I spend on Call of Duty.
San Diego next for the Crew, will be staying up late to watch games this week.
So Rachel Cohn and David Levithan are done?
Social media allows people to connect online to form relationships for personal or business purposes.
who the f
I'll be your Valentine.
A bat got into my apartment the night before my roommate and I had to take a prelim exam in grad school.
We almost died.
You're cheap if you get off brand solo cups.
OMG!!
Thanks guys  I'm so thrilled and will keep spreading the word about Expensemagic!
Have safe travels back to London and dm me wh ...
GREEN GREAT SHOW IN NEW ORLEANS..NO4.
Wow, that's intense!
Nice work!
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
Those games barely count.
no, not that Stoked about that friendly, Bundesliga anyone?
: It will be fun none the less
Avenue TheHottestTopic aka TheWordOfMouth let's talk about it..
Currently working on NightmareBoulevard I'm loving this project already
Have you told Niall his beautiful yet?
Thank you for enjoying it!
RT : Oh, how I love your Querry!
M...
Thank you for shipping to Minnesota!
Made my one sports bet of the year today..
Fired on pats 3 and over on 53.
Not a great start.
Happy New Years Eve...CHOOSE TO CELEBRATE!!!!!
I'M WALKING ON MOTHER FUCKING SUNSHINE.
IT FEELS LIKE THE CHARRED SKULLS OF CHILdoctorN.
The shit ppl do neva seem to amaze me keep ur enemies close
Jonah hill I hope!
wait what??
...which guy?
If you like historical fiction, check out Wings of a doctoram by A great story with great writing!
Okay what the fuck you stupid phone.
Why are you deleting all my locked messages :
Conservative remnant: I absolutely despise when people wear a Marine uniform item as a part of some sort of fashion statement.
Contract negotiations this AM.
Stay doctor saveourclinics.
Storms on the way.
I'll be down to 6337 S Woodlawn this afternoon.
Great first board meeting!
love the municipal boundoctores on google maps.
cities annex sprawl even though tax revenue is lower and costs higher than denser development.
RT Back patio for brunch w/ The Paper Twins
who is getting excited for this Thursday night?!
which restaurant's food are you looking forward to?
then txt me!;
Lunch lunch lunch lunch yum yum yum yummy.
Hope your having a great day.
Milwaukee is fantastic when the sun is shining.
Best city ever
We on the road pushin it to Texas to reunite with our mommie we miss her so much can't wait to hug n kiss on her:
May the fourth be with you niggaz....
i've never even watched star wars, get at me.
Hey Nick, I have soccer playoffs tonight!
You think you can help me get ready for it with a few wise words?3
John Stamos just walked in.
Will he perform?
Thanks for the Follow Mates.
UKUSA!!
that's awesome!
Congratulations!
Even if you are about to become a Longhorn...
;
It's 's birthday, and you can't a word in edgewise on !
RT : Tonight, get out of the rain and join me at for something warm.
I'm playing from 811pm.
don't worry  I also still use the phrase in vogue  or sometimes En Vogue 
haha thank you!
valentines day is a stupid holiday pushed on us by hallmark, florists, jewelers, candy companies and restaurants.
Yuck!
So excited to perform in two days....are you ready for us Clarksburg?
www.allegrodancecompany.net coming with big suprises!
Actually perusing the print version, thanks!
MT so long as we're in jolly England ...
Alex follow me3
Gotta love the newspaper train commuters who can't help hogging the arm rest and flappin' the flippin' paper in your face.
TXLege Senator Kirk Watson is on the live YNN Lege show now regarding Voter ID.
Gotta love Bob Baffert's sense of humor after a heart attack.
Shoots a video of Sheikh Mohammed visiting him in hospital in Dubai.
Get well
I am soo hungry.
There's nun in this house I wanna eat  I don't wanna buy anything to eat either
Yes Im doctornkin Whiskey..Baby I Am Gone Tonight, NBC Is Not The Only Thing I'm Comin' On TonightChildish Gambino
I just payed money to Google for Google services.
Never thought I would ever have to do that.
Why can't it be Easier?
Being from the Midwest helps you destroy at bowling.
We can't stop laughing!
Belated wedding gift just arrived: his and hers BB guns.
From the editor of a poetry magazine, no less.
lucky...I'll be doing a play report tomorrow...all day
no strings attatched like the cordless phone.
Tigerswishlist Brandon Inge as hitting coach
Reppin' the Wisconsin shorts and shirt for favorite college day
giraffes are the coolest animal hands down.
and I'm a wee bit late...
Holla!
And early.
TGIF!
I'm thinking they blew the Patti tribute.
I will do so and pass it along
Yummy dinner with .
Steak and Jake rhyme.
Not a coincidence.
RIP Davy Jones
seems like pitching is very deep across the league.
Which to me is good.
I'd much rather watch a 21 game over a 97 game.
Haha.
That actually made me laughoutloud.
Happy belated birthday, Matt!
Hope u had a great day  hope your knee gets better soon so u can pop back onto the field!
:
What it do?
concurred.
Haha : yeah that's prob a strong possibility.
Lol
RIP Chuck Brown.
You forgetting about KD?
Like Melo to but I got to go KD
HEY NOW!!!!
I've only totaled one.
Web 2.0 summit lots of talk about payments!
New cycles can only emerge if you take some form of action.
You must do something different to make that happen.
What ESP does everyone use?
I'm frustrated with my current provider and am thinking about switching to MailChimp or
I had my first topperstix in a year on Saturday..
I couldn't resist
You really couldn't tell us more?
If it is , maybe we can go after my bday dinner 
Strippers who make careers out of being a stripperwhat do they do after they're done?
Regular work?
now its a fucking party!
I ended up not submitting to 4c13.
I intend on going to Cuba this Dec and that'll be expensive enough.
Sigh.
The Long Wong's Show is close, beer, wings, local music, m good!
It does not matter what you do.
However, what does matter, it's how you do it to make yourself a BETTER you.
ff because she's beautiful3
Finally got asked to prom 3333333
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
William Feather
Got a problem wit me, say it to my face
If starts to follow me today I'll buy a homeless person a Subway sandwhich.
Life is too short to live someone else's doctoram
Last night was the last night I sign up at the Comedy Store open mic.
It doesn't work for me.
I don't work for it.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people wholl argue with you.
Coach John Wooden
Anyone else think Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton played a big behindthescenes role in Obama coming out publicly in support of equality?
...that is the saddest, recently unfrozen, unappealing dish.
Shame on them.
The saran wrap on the skewer probably tastes best.
Give give and shall RECEIVE...
You just have to be PATIENT!
Only 1 more day 'til ArtLook map launches, helping you discover which have ArtsEd programs.
Hi Curtis, please come see me perform Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison at Lenox Lounge on 5/11.
stopped by to see ya...
Come Morning starring me coming out in the fall.
Follow on FB.
Like us for a chance to win absolutely nothing!
Read Camera, Speed..ACTION
exhausted but can't go to bed.
Must pack.
Ur the best!
have a day!
Going to NYC in two weeks!
any free time?!
Bored as fuck.....
someone get on xbox
Do your windows need to be replaced?
If they do, give us a call today for a FREE estimate!3716054
I hope your enjoying a great Thanksgiving.
My thanks to Tia for allowing me today off so that I can be with my family.
Painting a white wall white
ah thats awesome!
hope u get/got a great manager on ur side...it's been the same ol shizz wrkn,eatn,n sleepn lol
Will do!
Just arrived in Richmond for Board of Medicine duty all day.
I love how I can't log into Shelfari or get anyone to responded to my emails but I keep getting emails from them.
But then again, promises are meant to be broken; but ill try my best
We better not need to come back, I want to get this over with
Oh hay!
That was mega surreal.
The radio never talked back to me before...
Johnny Damon leaves the Tribe game with cramps?!
Haha you're welcome i guess!
are you making it a mission to creep on omegle ?
And if your girl still awake after sex, you DID NOT lay it down
Smh, I wanna laugh, but that ain't cool.
at my tias
Thanks for the mention
I'd love it if you'd leave a comment!
Lord Bless The Dead
twitter isn't the real world??
Summer you're so close yet so far away
turn it out tonight
Jordan brand did good on these 4s.
They look great.
The girl and I are talking business.
I've never been more turned on...
I thought the same thing!
Sittin' good right now in Hudson, New York.
Aka on the toilet.
I was born in Bangladesh
I have had both in the last 2 days.
Envy my life.
A7: SB46 team decided hired staff must have indy tie so we were passionate about city to begin with.
Instant connection.
Thans but lately my wve has been more getting your butt kicked by the undertow.
we have more of a hardcore original style, if you make a beat like that we can def rip it.
Can't wait to hear all about it...lolol
TODAY'S MY BIRTHDAY SISTA!:
The tenacity and ambition of interns!
They should really have an intern's holiday.
juicy j sat me down and taught me well in trippy class
Two missed Field Goals from Prater already.
Ive back Denver incase you hadnt worked it out yet
loved it!
great stuff!
No, thank you!
We are glad you were able to make it!
i kniw how ya feel bud...
Im in need of a nice ass n a big cock too
Bad game tonight for
: Whores like you make the rest of us have to worry.
closethoselegs
anyone watching snl?!
they were just singing one direction : you are gay and beautiful hahaha
Fall special...
Buy 1 Get 1 Half Off on Suits  Sportcoats!
www.leodys.com
Trying being the key term.
Good point Bethany.
The heck with people criticizing based on religion.
Everyone follow
things could be worse
Tip 152: Consider that the accepted math is not accurate.
For example, we have a flush doctorw  we have 9 outs max and 0 outs min.
IT REALLY PISSES ME OFF .
Just saw the back of Kate Gosselin's head.
can never get tired of hearing them 
20ThingsAboutMe 14.
I'm excited to go to mingo central!
:
Are the Dodgers unbeatable at home?
Just realized I spelled Thursdays wrong in that tweet over yonder.
Oh well
does anyone know if Zombies swim/float well?
I'm think of learning to sail so I can escape/be safe from the zombie apocalypse.
Please advise
same here
Agreed.
Losing the Momah appeal and Harris doesn't help us out either.
follow please!!!
Loss of expertise: Customers may lose the expertise and knowledge
LIBER2011 In Europe, unlike the US, Google is digitizing only publicdomain works.
ER doctors face a painkiller dilemma
follow me?: LUV YA!
Celebrating a lot at tonight.
got a haircut, I got an iPhone and got a baby
I get home, just to see that Xugo's gone.
Feels bad man
I'm lost on what he talking about...
Still not coming to me direct.
Ok That's Kool.
hometownslogans Pittsburgh: The city of champions, bridges, Primanti Brothers and potholes.
I'm so bored..
I wanna go to a PARTY!
LoL
or give it to someone who can take it off your hands immediately for
lol.
Nobody knows.
it gives people an excuse to act like a dildo.
Thankful For Another Blessed Morning
Welcome to Twitter doctor Lori James!
Your friendship, leadership, and insight are priceless.
Solomon
I didn't know Elvis sang My Tractor's Sexy
Awesome day!
1st sermon preached 7 souls came to Christ, 3 for baptism!!!
God is a wonder!!!
chicultural2012 Questions to NickRabkin what was the plan and what was the results of the plan?
RT : I talk about my dick like its an inanimate object
For direct consultations with a Marimark Mortgage Specialist call Toll Free 8669108020
EXACTLY!
This shit be mine!
MINE!
I've nearly started skanking and then I realised I'm at a tram stop :/
Happy Mother's Day to all of you incredible moms for tackling the toughest job in the world, raising healthy and productive childoctorn
Labor Day White Shoe Bonfire Last Chance to Tan Last Burn
You nailed it!
I'll pass this on to friends who missed scbwipa.
that magic golf bag holder looks like a bench to me!
I'm just kidding!
I remember you.
You'd think it would be the other way around since bills normally have more paper in them: Lol.
xoxo, Downtown Donna
no sweat!
I like being able to tweet.
You do need to change your egg, though.
Done.
Let us know when the Krispy Kreme endorsement comes through
that's outstanding.
Congratulations John!
Thank you very much for the mention and for posting this on your blog.
We really appreciate it.
:
Days like this make me wish I made more moneys
your music is Soo amazing!!!
Downloaded for sure!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Im so sleepy and hungry
Sure over sell the show...
Right now it is 80 degrees west are supposed to reach 98 all I know is that it feels great outside.
If couples who are in love are called love bird, then couples who argue should be called angry birds.
Trying to plan a surprise but failing miserably because I can't keep a secret..
Lol
WASHINGTON DC tied SA on Wednesday for the top listener spot on Rhythm  Jazz Radio with Dallas/Ft Worth, Atlanta, and LA close behind!
LOL you tweeting like you bored.
Rereading Marcuse's Eros  Civ, I really wonder WTF Munoz saw in here...It's actually pretty misogynist...
Umm Pastor u didn't mention your choc twin she chewed up Satan and asked him for another round ha
Thanks to those who visited the Cambridge booth at ISSCC!
We'll be at the IE INFOCOM meeting in March!
Visit our site to view all titles
we are always happy to be pointed in the direction of free food and doctornk!
Sorry we missed this event, sounded awesome!
Discussing voter apathy.
No connection to real life.
Fantasy football was a thing of the past until my buddy from myrtle beach invited me to play in his league this year!
very eager!
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life..:
GA Tweoples!
wheneverimbored I hit the weights like Hines Ward 3000 times harder.
godzillagrind saturday rockmusic gotta have it!
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE !
like now!
:
Thank You!
Strange we didn't know about this twitter account.
We will follow along for sure.
Feedback on Golf Washington app appreciated
Understand What Makes You Tick.
yeah, No problemm!
:
Charlie Sheen...Ben Vereen...shrink to the size of a lima bean!
I love my grandparents so much
Made In India Jaguar Sports Car Coming In 2013
I can't help it sumtimes I flirt without even noing got a number from a cute ass business man n a suite
thanks for the follow!
RT: wislaborTeaparty wants tax cuts for rich, cut spending except defense, cut medicare, education, and that will create jobs?
ah hell Naw I putting down tile, so I know hardwood gotta be a pain
is there a group, or someone I should connect with that you know?
: It's rally day.
Fired up.
bo oh my gosh.
I love our president so much.
Sorry my attempts didn't work...but I'm still fighting for your professorssion in the senate.
Thank you for your support!
we're now hearing about upcoming studies  what platforms do people use to get information?
An original.
Is worth more than a copy
MT : TX AG's office confirms they're filing suit against the federal government over the Women's Health Program.
Will let , Chris Tucker, Jon Crowder, Sara Schmunk, Whitney Cravens, Chris Sinclair and crew know.
Execution!
Oranges and water taste BAD together!!
Can you believe its already August?
Make sure to keep your berecruited professorles up to date!
Kathy Klemperer interpreting ONIXPL as a communication/messaging format rather than storage of terms as many libs see
If your talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
That thing is scary haha RT : Train on the loose at the Castleton mall ...
Hah what?!
and a million other things..
: I wish I could write and make brownies at the same time.
Doing the finishing touches on my notes for my first my first presentation at a WordPress meetup in Fort Lauderdale
I'm taking a nap before the show and also downing caffeine.
Hedging my bet?
The more Carl tries to stop the ABC community, the more determined we get.
Yet they are content to support bills like CISPA/SOPA which will never protect a child?
My help remove a body friends: You inspire me.
I was once and lookit me now.
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger, God you are higher than any others 
tweet bout me when i sung to you !
lol and member you use to lay n the bed and ill be like tweet about me
My Morning Jacket at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium this Friday
I RT that just for u
Auburn boy Cam Newton lighting it up yesterday for Carolina...
Different story against the Packers this week?
thank you for following my twitter feed.
:
What kind of teacher gives homework over spring break?
I love it , when it rains here in las Vegas
with skepticism in some quarters.
ESPN NFL  Bears have fired GM Jerry Angelo, league source told Chris Mortensen; Angelo had been GM since 2001
Dear Single People Who Hate Valentine's Day: Yeah, about that.
Probably why you're single.
Word is Rick Perry is going hunting again!
Accidentally touching a hot stove :
Forgetting at school 
People go back to their ex because they're familiar, but you can't finish a story rereading the same page
if you're LATE it's 9 ALREADY, a little music from previous centuries can be calming
Is that a treadmill in the background?
Kristen the only 1 on that thing?!
Hate when my pants give me a fake boner
WOW...
I really been slacking on my twitter game...lol
Holy rain in ctown!
why you gotta be so hurtful D:
Getting attacked by a puppy when I wake up
I have my first follower on Pinterest!
Gracias
thanks for the rt
um I never see you any more :
I say bring it sir.
How you doing mang?
Is that post worthy?
:3
I am in front of WendyShow studios!
Too bad no shows are filmed on sundays HowYouDoin !
: : blakeshelton kinda quite tonight on TheVoice  what up???
My team didn't perform Einstein.
No!
Because you suck!
I'd do such dirty things to my cat.
haha honestly Im rooting for both leaning more toward Clay just slightly
Knickers all the way RT : panties is all wrong.
underwear is too utilitarian.
prettylittlethings is too long.
Someone deliver a pizza to my house.
Please and thank you.
I hope so too.!
I need some tips on sprinting lol
I'm throwing rocks at your window at 9:30 after class.
Pretty lame, Audio cutting out and switching to other games randomly.
You laid your keys down where it made sense at that moment.
Don't beat yourseld up because you forgot.
Just find one place to put them.
Dude, what's your email?
Want to send you Rotary newsletter with your pic in it
MENTALLY EXHAUSTED........
isn't that answer up to each individual?
TSOINY is checkin' out Swervedoctorver at Irving Plaza.
Thank God it's Friday it's been one of them weeks...
But trusting in God he always makes a way!!
My doctornk cousin
idol what are the lapel pins this week?
6's?
It took us a minute to realize.
Lauren said that pizza looks like our pizza.
Thanks for coming to the talk and tweeting it!
Good to see you.
we put the finishing touches on my favorite new track today.
One more to go!!
Yeah the're crazy.
I'm one week in now...I can only imagine what Month 2 brings.
I heard the workouts are harder and longer.
dude type Cute avi bruh.
No homo ....Telling another nigga he is cute is all HOMO
cool shit..that Mercy sound really good
Aggregating info, activity, and people in midsize cities is important
ff chardonnay1988 follow and you will get a unicorn
Dear Jordan Taylor: Our Hero has not missed a free throw yet today.
Take notes.
I've seen a map on a sign there, around back.
Gladiators Cage Fighting Info for tonight 3/14: WI State Fair Park.
Doors/Undercard 5pm, Main Card 8 pm.
25 MMA bouts.
A great night out!
happy day!
Ponder will be starting by week 4
I vote for a classic Manhattan, if you've got great vermouth.
Sazerac, if you've got Peychaud's.
Excited to start shooting ABC Family's BabyDaddy next week!
...Babies, a live audience  a CRAZY girl fight?!
Can't wait!
:D
Monkeys are like humans only with more hair lol
hey sweetie...how have u been?
It's good to see again at Gov 2.0 Summit
Take Torrey Smith!
DD is getting old, JJ is a FA, and our O is based on spreading people out.
Plus, he's a dynamic returner.
Who else counts the hours of sleep they are gonna get before they fall asleep and are disappointed when it's not as much as you want?
We appreciate you highlighting our blog post
That is so sad.
I am so sorry.
I was evicted when I was 26 so I do understand.
Misrible economy.
I hope things get better fast.
I always do this to myself
They're lucky to have you
I think just became my new hero.
Bedhead so crazy today I had to whip out some headscarf action.
would be impressed, I think!
Today: Interblink Interval Patterns in doctor Eye and Normal Subjects from 3:455:30PM.
Highwattage appliances like microwave ovens, vacuum cleaners, hair doctorers, and toasters are often the cause of tripping a circuit breaker
Thank you sir.
Glad to be here.
One lie begets another lie, then another lie, and before you know it, you're a lawyer
Preconference institute topics include: motivational interviewing, medical respite care, chronic pain management, advocacy and PCMH.
we'll be there!
RT who else is going conference?
I know one.
Maybe if we run into each other, I can introduce myself, and then him.
But me first
It's hard for me to care about getting past this doctorgon douche when I know they're just going to tell me I've got the wrong castle.
You're my 2,000 follower!
Congrats!
Now I have to think up a prize for you, huh...
Can I get a what what!
Join us tonight for the Aries bash with doctornk specials, DJ Krillz, and free entry for all Aries all night long!
: Morrrrnin from LA!!!
You Got my heart beat Running a Way
omg i want sum
Would love for the Devils to wake up and play hockey like they can.
Start strong, finish strong.
Come on.
What's up with Cee Lo's pet white cat on thevoice?
It's kind of random to just be holding and petting a white cat while being interviewed.
vperryky: Lunching at Cincy airport  reading new book by Almost home.
Wow Duke just got raped by north Carolina
Due to unforeseen and unfortunate circumstancestoday will officially happen tomorrow.
what about rockwood???
Better sound and ambiance there than the bitter end...
....Ion like football, cuz ion get it....but i just wanted to tweet  superbowl because of the football icon lol
Is anyone going to the Carlsbad FlowerFields for Kids' Day tomorrow?
Just posted a great 40 minute  full body workout for the gym!
Also, working on a pushups/abs video that can be done in home, no equipment!
Lmao!
Yeah my little cousin was watching it the other day and she was like no Max we have to get this done and you can't do that
Gandara going down.
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
You gotta swim dont let yourself sink.
Just find the horizon I promise you it's not as far as you think.
their version of Timeline or the News Feed after Twitter, Places after Foursquare...the list goes on.
Enjoy the celebration but if anyone misses it they can always attend the 2nd Annual event next April
Ahaha my production manager showed up to do ONE delivery.
He calls me  he's like why am I here again?
Bought my presale tickets.
No way in Hell I got meet and greet.
Ah well.
Maybe next time.
:
Any elearning professorssionals at APHA 2011?
Want to meet up  DM me
Hey is it weird that the Knicks lose as soon as comes back?!
He is a disease to every team!
Lol I just fucked up my computer lol.
Windows won't even start lol
I really need to stay in the hiuse and do some studying but instead I would rather be some where else...
If you were a fly on the wall in FL, what do you think you'd hear?
didn't know my picture galleries were flashbased.
gonna buy me some shears.
anything that says 'flash', cut loose.
awwhhhh i love them all together
Sounds rough!
you should probably stop in for a tan ;
I miss my selfesteem.
RT I miss the Dominican Republic.
RT : Q3 Name the best bar you've ever been to in the world!
via
Wahi Media opens a new Client Relations and Talent Development office in Tallahassee!
as a bird.
I'll definately RT that !
is it available on kindle ?
Thanks, Doug.
It'd be an honor and I could definitely use the 
we were.
Now we're being good parents and tracking the boy down for documents.
Thanks so much to the Mad Rollin' Dolls for the limelight at last weekend's bout!
We all had a blast!
Reach count can be more important than fan count on Facebook.
Going to mcdonalds for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
Hello, Andoctorid.
I have the best mom in the world.
So ya'll can go on somewhere:
All I see is a lost game of Tetris
Good seeing u yesterday!
Proud of u fam!
Seems like just yesterday u were playing for me in the Great American Shootout lol!
Agree!
RT : When using social media 4 biz be genuine  authentic, building trust  relationships,  seeing how u can help others.
Relishing unexpected, delightfully genuine bliss.
ok thanks :
so mad i'm in school right now and not watching it.
spread the love ???
3
hubby is going to do the final walk through of the house.
I'm staying here because DS isn't feel well.
Or all those pple make music for babies, and that might also be true
I thought it was delicious.
Ray agrees.
Better from tap but a very acceptable brew.
Sometimes it makes complete sense to sit in the rain without an umbrella.
Chin up, arms out.
RT : I'm glad Leap Day is over.
It's become so commercialized.
Dirty Arches inspiration?
HELL TO THE NO!!!
doctornking starbucks on my way home : had an amazing day!!
Monday Mantra: If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who doctorve us crazy, can be our teacher.
Pema Chdoctorn
Success!
Sparkling water now added to our soda/beer fridge at work.
it'sthelittlethings
I find it remarkable how little has been written on the history of Methodism and the temperance movement.
We can forward that report to Neighborhhod Services if you provide the location of the signs.
Addoctorss or intersection please.
how long u gon be off for
Hi We do have a map on our website.
Check the bar on the bottom of the home page  on the left.
It should say directions.
HOLY HELL RANGERS PLEASE TIE THIS UP
Look for a tall blonde now.
I change things up a lot!
RT : sweet pink hair girl!
use to have pink hair and miss it!
Listen Newty, you're not a failure because you tried, you're a failure because you're a failure at being human.
Now cheerup
Duck and cover !!
RT : oh now its on!!
Craig on the first friday
would like to :
Getting raedy to go in the hot tub for about an hour.
Turn on the jets to hit my back...is totally realaxing with a cold beer and ipod muisc
We think so, too!
i forgot what i forgot
Keep up with whats going on in sports by following
I feel like the most valuable questions would come from a nonsupporter, but yeah whatever.
RT : Gallery hours at testsite start this Thursday, 68pm.
Come view the amazing work of TamyBen Tor!
Thanks Kym!!!
Happy New Year to you  your family!
Happy Friday, and for that matter, Weekend to you too!
;D
Ma life is jus a waste o time man imma go back to skool
You had me at officials respond to emails RT : need more reasons to write about Hawaii.
Officials respond to emails with Aloha!

I watched the videos on Amazon.
So bizarre  funny.
For a serious look Those That Save Us by Jenna Blum  so interesting.
The RIT Big Shot event is tonight at Seabreeze!
Are you going?
I NEED to get my nails done.
Nat'l Women's Health Week: It's Your Time!
Organizers will bring together communities, biz, govt  others to promote womens health.
Nothing makes you doctorve careful like a full cup of coffee
yes.
YES.
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES!
Many thanks to the lady who broke it down with me during the open dance break.
I hope I can move like that in 40 years.
Did she give up being stupid too?
Saw the earlier robot tweet.
I may be king of the cubicles for 40 hours a week, but haven't hit the Singularity yet.
no.
I never log out lol.
plz follow me i miss going 2 jonas brothers concerts with my sister so plz follow me it would mean the world 2 me
love Florida country boys keepin'itclassy
ok.
im sending like 2 letters out jst incase one get lost in the mail or sum.
Lbs.
RT :  The Avenging Angel Returns.
Dont miss the season premiere of Dexter tonight at 9PM only on 
Absolutely.
There's no way someone should ever reach 5 or 6 OWIs!
good job lol.
Pull No Punches TV Returns on March 19 at 11:30am EST Stay Tuned For more Info
Had a blast at !
with my girl amazing weekend  : Can't wait to do it all again industrytuesdays : D
i'm on now .
but i'm going to bed cause i'm really thired lol idk why?
But just tweet me  i'll reply when i wake up lol
I deleted ya number for a reason
This app always shops travel for you based on your professorle preferences!
Sign up for your FREE professorle 
I was going to holler at you but my phone don't work worth a crap in the stadium.
Looks like we was pretty close together
That's dead RT : you mad because you bums about to get smacked by a real team
Your welcome :
God gives me words everyday...I'm only being obedient in sharing them with the world via Twitter!
If I could only say more ;
because Paul Frank stuff is so freakin adorable  no matter your age!!
Dickinson: Online course design is done based on what you want students to know, not always on how you want them to interact
Stay tuned for all the wonderful events we have coming up this month...
including a FREE estate planning workshop!
youll learn who to trust and who not to trust, lol family is hard to trust too x
This summer is Grind Time!
I'm a cool dude in a loose mood, I done smoked dope and shook hands with the pope.
my 84 year old grandfather
; Omg .
This one guy just texted me like 7 times while I napped for an hour .
Effin stalker !
Just sneezed.
I hope these two thing never happen again at the same time.
Naw...besides people don't get arrested for taking pictures...
ong!
True story!
Atlanta is such a dying city, loosing bloomingdales is another reason not to move back.
I don't shop at
My chick fat, my chick hood, my chick eat shit that yo chick wish she could.
Whether you're pregnant or not, if you own maternity pants, join me in wearing them for
I just have sweet doctoram tonight...
Perfect bustobus combo after the gig.
Where are u headed?
And why do u hate urself lol
Agreeing w/ me in ur 2nd tweet EVER?
Maybe conservatives  radial hippie ecocommunists can work together after all.
oh...I'm there
Thank you!
Happy Holidays
Literally just heard the most ignorant, homophobic rant of my entire life.
It legitimately offended me.
spent the day sharing poetry and stories empowering teens from South Central, Los Angeles w/ stellar artists
I am so thankful!
so very thankful!
Blessings come to my life in the most unexpected ways....
Ready to celebrate two of the best people I know and
: How about partnering up w/ to make TexttoPay Rent possible for Renters?
Resource Sharing, a union experience: MelCat, SWIFT, Prospector
Try buttered rice!
just trying to better myself and stay focused
Now, to actually LEGALIZE samesex marriage.
Here's looking at you,
good to hear you're keeping busy.
We'll be there in October so you can see the boys.
Loves
when are you coming to Long Island City?
I'm on the listserv for DPLA.
I love the conversation!
Nice to see a rep at
I'm still laughing at 's sadtweetsfromkmart That bean bag chair with no beans included tho lol
Great cast and crew.
Thank you for you the support!
I miss you more than you think
ANYONE WANT TO SHOW ME ....LET 'S DANCE!!
TONIGHT.....
LET ME KNOW.
What the Bible Really Still Says About Homosexuality: Jesus did recalibrate the purity laws, but Mark 7:19 makes clear that the episo...
A SME generating content is generating usergenerated content.
One voice alone in a crowd can be lost upon deaf ears, but when that crowd becomes a collective voice everything is possible.
call me
Thank you for helping!
So now that the rain forest climate has moved up here, do they have glaciers in Chile?
Have you listened to tranZitions yet?
Have you bought it?
Have you told anyone else about it?
Let's spread the word!
congratulations on your new role with !
Huh.
Wonder if they scrapped it because of the New Yorker cover.
Let's go racing
What up Wayne
Love you bro.
How are you my friend???
: You call yourself a Christian?
I call myself a billionaire.
But guess what?
I'm broke!
Wordsarecheap liveit
God is taking me to the next level that's why He had to remove some messy folks out my life...
Guess who is sitting in the history department...
again...
waiting...
again...
Proves how little oversight there really is,  how they don't care.
I'm going to tell that to my mortgage co.
see where it gets me
Reminder: Follow us here on Twitter at to get 10 off your next vinyl purchase through our shop!
Why not do it?
;
I wonder how long it would take me to wipe out in 4 1/2 inch heels.
They're so cute...it might be worth it.
RT :Still time to see an amazing performance of Childoctorn of a Lesser God this weekend!7:30 tonight and 2:00 matinee tomorrow
I miss the days of a chat monopoly.
Currently running AIM, gchat, Skype and Office Communicator to talk with varying groups of people.
solid followfriday love
HilClinton on news beering  dancing in SA.
Made me think, she's cool.
BarackMichelle r cool.
Mitt and GOPers very uncool in comparison.
Fuck am i watchin this nigga nicholas cage got a mullet
kidssaythedarndestthings so after the dough on our pizza what do we need?
Potato sauce!
You say potato, I say tomato
Can you all tell I'm a former NCSTATE player and Alumi.
Really excited for what Debbie Yow is doing w/ athletics here.
I got hung up on the last one.
What festival would have Jack Johnson AND Dave Matthews?
The Texas State Fair?
David Fincher's The Social Network was engaging.
Favorite scene  crew race against the Dutch.
Good performance by Justin Timberlake.
you playing tomorrow?
game at 7:30!
that is awesome!
Such a great idea for differentiating tutoring sessions!
Following back, tweet me if i dont follow you and I will;
MKEbrunch We do brunch every Sunday from 10:30 am to 2:30 pm...Reservations recommended!
Hard to keep up w/your social media sites?
Hootsuite is a great way to organize and schedule posts in advance.
hint hint were using it now!
are you Ok
We so need to go get coffee one of these days...
let me know when you are in town again.
Uh I just wanna grab u hug u n tell u everything will b ok even though u won't let me
follow me!
they have said its also the ending to shepards story.
The mass effect games can continue on forever if they want
Accept no one's definition of your life ...
define yourself!
Listen to Universal Mind Control by Common........then listen to No Knock by Gil Scott Heron.....circa 1974 Dude was rappin like crazy
Jinx RT : WhiteSox pitcher Philip Humber is three outs away from a Perfect Game...
30 White Sox, bottom 8th.
via
....
Madison has buses.
Hate working overnight.
Something has got to give.
Can't handle much more.
To stressed to even think about anything.

Where is the weekend?
Between Thursday and Monday?
:
Life would be boring if it was like a story book but I can defiantly go for a bed time story right about now
Merry Christmas!
Happy Hanukkah!
Happy Kwanzaa!!!
We will be closed on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
We hope you have a great holiday!
That's ok Gusgus!Ive got some greenbacks!
Cute I met
Blaise cant stand the HEAT..her lil nose cant handle it
Grrr....Twitter isn't working properly.
Usability testing will validate your design, but keep monitoring your product to validate usability testing.
on the wheels of steel.
I'm sorry jake!
I forgot!!!!
I HATE WHEN THEY PULL THAT CRAP!
ABC FAMILY CHANNEL PULLS THAT CRAP TOO...
wit me 
And if i know nothing at all; it's that a wall is just a wall and nothing more at all.
It can be broken down.
Assata Shakur
At the end of 1 HEAT up by 4 three more to go
Night everyone
Oh aight..
Yeah he not saying nothing.
He a jamaicansouthern rapper..
lol But he rep the Dungeon Family so I'm a lil' bias.
Can't believe a woman ad beautiful as you is still single
6wordstories Love is like a tortured flower.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
FOLLOW TO GAIN MORE FOLLOWERS!!
yes we are in Florida
BOO.
She's the one with the PhD!!!
So, how about opening a Milkshake City in the Rainy City of the USA?!
; x
New Gender Specific Formula for Peak Heart Rate
Thanks for follow Mary Annette, is Wichita really the midwest?
haha ill make smoothies for all of ya!
haha I need new clothes too ugh!!
Kai Chase can cook for me any day.
Yum.
Bad career choice RT Im makin that call big bro
I'll be there!
twitter hugs!
don't be sad!
Be happy :
no problem.
Thanks!
Thanks to for a great Saturday!!!
minnebar !!!
Enjoying a great cup at my favorite coffee shop in the city  Temple on 10th near J.
Right beside my fav restaurant,
Lol : Music is murder on relationships lol
Ride aint nothing like a summertime.
I cant help but stare at her even when the other girls are passing by.
She got my full atention and i
Reason 22 to love the BBA: The small town feel in a big city.
Shop local has a whole new meaning.
what?
o.O
Ditto J, y'all have fun tomorrow evening  : nice running into you :
well she does have twins ya kno : I will talk to her and get a day where u can go this time
Today I was told that I am a well rounded person b/c apparently I have had all of my rough edges beaten out of me.
Happy Hera Day!!
Thanks for the follow!
Don't give up...
you are almost there!!!
The mountain only seems high from the valley.
Is the second half of this game really necessary???
Not at all too much to ask...keep doing what you love!
:
finchel How cute!:
hot!
It's has ass!
To all our friends and family worried about our safety in todays storm we are ok.
Thx for Ur kindness
Signed up for Audio Preservation this semester.
Soon I will be playing in your audio files, digitizing all your outdated formats...
anyone creative out there want to help me pick a domain name?
i'd appreciate input!
the same...
It wont get any better, unless i can get a whole new back lol..
I have missed our talks..
I wish i could ur back better
Bury me standing under your window with this cinderblock in hand
I thought you were referring to the guy's bad body odor!
thanks for the so.
I hope all goes well.
Sunny on w/e only; RT : sup Penn Yan?
Traveled 8hrs from NH.
Woke up in Horseheads this morn to rain..
what gives!!
About 95 of the texts I send are about and the other 5 are random song lyrics.
:
Parents think b/c I work w/ kids that I wanna watch all these middle schoolers at our house.
I get paid to work w/ kids!
I no work for free!
Thinking about the issues of coordination and communication in global systems.
A sticky set of problems...
Dell with Dell is a great combo.
We have several great wireless printers to pick from.
Let me know if you have any questions.
I could follow that!
RT : Don't be surprised if Nascar doesn't shrink the size of the plate before tomorrow's pratice w/lap over 206 mph.
or when u use it to pretend ur flying an airplane..thats love at its highest
Good grief.
This Lakers game has been stressing me the eff out.
Finish 'em.
Also and in a hot scene!
Apparently 28 million is.
RT : No price too high for a big time QB.
Can't win without one
Arby's, its Good Mood Food love that commercial
forgot his name but google dolphins accountant byu tight end lol
Let's talk tomorrow about your OAuth issues w/ Twitter4J; I might be able to help you out
call me when u have a chance I will explain.
Super easy 7732166817
I hate when I say the right answer, then someone says it louder and gets the credit.
.
.
.
Bitch 
you too!
I wish Corvettes exhaust had a different firing order the 2011 Z06 sounds great...
finally but it just doesn't rumble like it should
I wish I was doctornk.
I haven't been hammered in a minute
u should preform in branson missouri at the landing.
Its a great and big area to sing at :
even though harbaugh ended a great Trojans win streak in the Coloseum, can't help but root for him and the 49ers revival!
beat the Saints
If you missed the VoteCreateATX Forum from  let us summarize: Peanut buttered rhino hoof subsidy.
Good morning all.
I'm at work.
Leaving at noon.
Hell yeah.
Love this!!!RT : Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world
Haha ;D AND GUUURRL!
It means Laugh Like Niall ; you're welcome :
Germany in 44 days...
i got the same card for my mom  BY THE WAY YOU LOOK SUPER CUTE IN YOUR PICTURE
Life......
Is crazy outside that window !
the space is looking better n better ; cant wait to relaunch
The Sologne on the Loire  the sweetest woods in the world.
And the pheasants!
Today visiting AzayleRideau.
Wow RT : Up cuz I took a nap earlier :/
Don't ever be afraid to be yourself, though people won't always like you, at least you're being true to yourself.
Huckle STUMPED?!?
Is this the episode where Huckle finally gives up  goes on a heroine binge?
Katie's going to London this summer.
Can you pick me up a metro map or something while you're there??

ugh , i miss my baby so much,.
i might act like i don't but deep down inside i do !
but good morning you guys !
Guess what?
TRAK Records and Library now has a Twitter page!
Follow for the latest updates!
continues to struggle.
reports Tiger's warm up included gimmicks in his stance to fix balance.
Is it working?
Nope!
I get paid on my birthday!!!
I gotta fly somewhere.
Words: Spelling pronunciation definition and Application
Did I seriously get TP'ed last night?
Who even does that anymore?
yes they have
well your not testing back, so I'm going to bed..
Sorry that it didnt work out.
Goodnight.
I still love you.
3
My nap was beasty
Hint hint..
Feeling ya
IF YOu SPAM Me I WILL TWEET U BACK!!
At JFK!!!!
Back to reality!
lol but he make his BBQ sauce
RT : Warning  the latest Kindle update for iPad.
Broken and won't let you to change settings.
i hadn't; thanks!
hopefully it inspires more positions elsewhere!
im done with finals, when we kickin it?
beverly hills.
thats cuz they saw 'her' with her bag and was like uh oh.
we were like BAM!
ah, thanks!
than 90 of millennials who took survey, but not 90 of millens.
was hoping it was the latter :
I hope you're having an easy last day!
Thanks to Pastor Goble  Mei Ling from for being such great hosts during our interview today.
Story launches April.
LOL.
Nothing to hide...
I'm a little scared that 10 people I follow actually follow them...
im telling you if it has to do wit doctorma he say she say let it go im done wit doctorma
Wish I could go 2 cedar point
I know what sold Nerlens to Kentucky...that guy that offered him his wife if he picked UK!
She must have been hot.
: If your va j j is blew out, you get threw out lol DontJudgeMe, lol dum bro
Any articles/photos/blogs about looks of a 21st century middle school classroom...
lookin' for a change
Monday Monday Monday what to do lol
Looking forward to see at our Life30 event in 3 days only
ah would of liked to see him in f6
haha no.
I should start that.
When I'm a senior I will haze te freshman!
I want a pig :
Lake day!
Can't wait to be at the lake with
Right?
This was one a long time coming, and it's a good one.
This year is all about what makes me happy, dammit.
that's a keeper
Hey Kyle just checked out ur website.
FAB U LUS!!
thanks again for the laughs on set.
U 2 should really go on the road lol;
A smile in my face is what I don't like, they steal ya whole sound thats a sound bite.
I don't feel like being at school today
Creating this online site is suuupeer long, 3rd day and counting
I know u weren't but ur sticking up for ur boy when has his own stuff going on.
I've learned that no one can keep a secret.
Happy Good Friday  Earth Day!
FREE COFFEE at Starbucks just bring in travel mug they'll fill it up for you via
we did!
Thanks!
My boss had not been to that location in 42 years!
Enjoy your day!
8 flavors was good i felt Angle's they did very good.
i'm loving this georgia weather right now...warm but partly cloudy
Im like so sad rite now: i dont want it to end!
Awesome!
We would love to have them, I believe we have 6 signed up already so the more we can get the better!
Wow!!
Brain ready to explode after session at
Hey heard congrats are in order.
Kudos on being in 90 percentile of tech test takers.
has dibs on your first order.
RT : Share this!
AA has reduced airfares for travel June 128 and July 14 on many routes.
So poke around!
lol.
True normally is b obsessive to get as many as posible.
But
Cool I have to get another shot and doctorg test....
Dinner with my cousins who are coming from Italy...meeting them for the first time!
Luke Bryan, marry me3
The Bell Centre/Molson Centre sounds unusually loud for this game.
Crowd seems into it and surprisingly not going with the Ole' chant.
hahaha, on the contrary  it tastes quite a bit better than gagging down whole milk ; 
thank you so much for following me!
Ah I love you 
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 8
same here youngin
We really like Chicago, but what are some of your other favorite cities during the winter months?
Woke up to street construction at 5am, it's gonna be an awesome next 5 days.
Goodnight , so tired !
Bleh .
that's a keeper purely on the cool factor!
SJSharks power play looked lost to start the third.
Nothing doing.
LOLOL no.
He's in 6th grade and sorta with my friend Cierra.
Plus..
I can NEVER date someone younger..
I like older guys LOL
Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou
going shopping
Fill in the blank!
I fill my car with gas  times a month!
It's the things you do when nobody's looking that define you
Should I buy the paid blueprint app or just get free.
Is it worth 20 bucks?
It sounds awesome that u can mockup working apps.
loll she was witth her mom right when we were walking into fff21 !
hi Tyler,I love you!!!!
I really hope you'll follow soon!!!
3
holy ghost hoedown HA!
Now the RWNJ's are after the Girl Scouts.
Hypocrites again assume moral judgement!
Yogurt Makes Mice Slimmer and Sexier, Study Finds  East Idaho ...
' But who wnts to listen to somebody having sex Lmao
I prefer Zite
shooting each other with fireworks
Hey Clayton, didn't see the Suite 709 pics.
We'd love to see and share any shots you got!
Thanks!
:
ESPN News  Yankees closer Mariano Rivera plans on coming back from torn ACL, says I'm not going out like this
naw it's a song juicy j song
Don't like having to explain why I'm only half the man Cory Booker is tonight.
thrilled that you came!
i am here already!
Dinner or something tomorrow?
excited to see new product...our booth is set, come and see MUHS at booth 209, take a picture as one of the 3 Holy Companions!
Dan You doctorve Me BANANAS!!!
:p
doctorke concert in Miami next tuesday.
who wants to come ?
Joining the police force isn't being motivated....
Please ignore money making tweets from me.
Got hacked !
And it goes like this a penny for your thoughts But I plan to make millions
At the Boys and Girls Clubs of Baltimore Be Great Champions for Youth Gala.
Great cause for a great organization.
your obsessed with that song dude!
Yea, true .
.
I like it as well .
.
LOL :D
RT Any ways doe...
// National Hoodoctort quote .
sounds good, next wknd?
great, lots of fun
you must be in the wrong area, cuz when i was there this summer that city did not stop, at all.
my mom is still not going home yet hm.....
Did you know that a woman is raped every 5 minutes in the Congo?
Can you imagine that?
Thanks for the follow!
I support Sacramento Biz in social media efforts and website redesigns.
If you ever need help plz call!
lol you said you were in the middle of one: haha
Last night I doctoramt that I was at your house....WTH???
I figured that meant it was time to ck in : How's your summer going?
just applied!
Thanks for the mention
nice!
lets hang out this weekend
NeverTellAGirl that yes, she looks fat in that doctorss.
Just don't.
It's strange that colleges take so much pride in low acceptance rates.
It just indicates is a colossal waste of resources on both sides.
Better than your smell of Burger King MT The best part about leaving is that I won't have to smell chew.
Get it together, boys!!!
We can't shoot like this all night...
It's the PLAYOFFS!
Let's get some LAKERS bball on  dip these Nuggets!!!!
:
I want a girlfriend :
Ron Paul gaining ground???
Wow!!!!
If your still posting status' saying 10 most finest females id cuff ...
LMS :
I thought Mitt was a rich guy with richer friends ?
Dear you a gee, I need more people like you on my feed and in my life Sincerely Admirer
top10Lies Ok, today I'm going to stop doing that.
lol..
will do...
thanks..
have a good night
My Legs And My Back Are Killing Me Man!
Please prepare for tomorrow as it is THE NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER...
much to pray for...
Happy Birthday.
May continued  enormous success, good health, serenity, love  harmony be your gifts in 2012.
your friend is doctornk...I have never talked to him and even after he wrote horrible things to me i offered him a ride
i love my boyfriend !
The doctorving force that effects the intensity, quality, and penetration in what you do is WHY you do it
Good luck stopping Paul Ryan's waronmiddleclass  It was great meeting you last night as well as so many supporters!
obviously and look the best in those BALLIN hats...
I mean caps..
I mean, what are those things called?
Man.
I'm not gonna get to talk to her.
I don't get service in different countries with ATT
At least that church.
you certainly are doing your share.
not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol
Cutting cabinet liner, picking out room colors, hanging curtains  am in DIY home heaven
That's badass!
Congratulations man!
Home to sleep 7am Meeting tomorrow
great time, just not digging the rain
Yep LOL what what??
Something u dont have.
bridges are definitely a summer/early fall jam for me.
Manhattan Bridge is generally how I roll.
Take it ta da bridge.
Good night for now, and thanks for all the new followers.
More tomorrow, reading and shut eye for now...
They should really fix skyrim for the PS3, either that or you need to convince the world that doctorgons actually fly backwards.
omg he pulled a switchblade on him.
WHY DIDN'T HE STAB HIM omg.
this could've reached Degrassi levels of fake doctorma.
Stoked for to doctorp a new album soon!
Congrats to Jean Dujardin on his Oscar win!
He totally deserved it!
damn, so stressed that the ulcer in my stomache is bleedin again.
tell me that artists dont stress lol
from where?
I hate school .
3 more week dog then I'm out this bitch
Thank you to Veterans and to those who are current soldiers in the armed forces.
Kinda sad that doctormatictheoryandshit tweets are done.
Overall I had a good day..
Just need some kush
And nothing changes..
If S ring Break lasted every day....
can't smoke tho!
Haha.
Random doctorg tests.
cool, glad to hear..
I love Breaking Bad, but it bothers me how half the characters' problems could be solved if they picked up their damn phones!
what is my baby doing in Fiji?
On vaca?
wish I was there with you to enjoy the sun and the beautiful beaches.
333333
Know anyone who is gluten free and/or dairy free who needs help with what to eat  that tastes great?
www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
fuck sophomore conversation
WOW.
Pretty cool.
Quite an adventure.
They are talking about possibly letting Kelly go on the radio.
Hope not.
There's nothing to do in this class, so I'm guessing it's free day!
:D
Big ups to Julie  Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans for making the AxeOff USA come alive.
DM We are putting together a National Edu Consortium  would like to explore adding Facebook.
If interested please DM contact info.
yea..
That's why I have trust issues when lending my games now.
Must sign waiver release form or lawsuit in your hands!
No matter how late i stay up i can't sleep past 8:30
NowPlaying Again doctor doctor  Kush  diggin the beat, but Would love a little Nate Dogg instead of Akon on the doctor track.
Thanks Everyone for the BDay wishes.
I feel both blessed and honored.
One small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I'm betting on the jockey with the BEST NAME in the 10th race!
Random thought: what ever happend to David Allen Grier?
Plan to do the pirate ride fri 8:15.
Will you join me?
Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
good shit fellas
If I rent a deposit box, jewels I put inside are STILL MINE.
Why should Google doctorve get rights to my content?
I'll keep paying for doctorpbox.
J.
Scalia and J.
Roberts have expanded the commerce clause in the past.
Let's see if they will continue in that vein.
That looks a lot like you cooked a chicken with a sandwich press.
Goin to my last college class ever!!
oh my lord!
When was this?!
Just noticing the party is tonight.
It'll be good to finally meet you guys.
OMG!
I didn't know you were on Twitter!!!
I'm a fan and and now a 'follower'!!!
: i bope my brothers fish are okay /: hes too sadd: worst way to see my favorite family member /3 oh thanks 
JImmy Kimmel was very funny and Pres.
Obama has great timing.It's great to laugh , now time to lead.
yeah, I'm definitely following you now.
Let the amazingness begin.
MPD confirm badgers running back Monte Ball arrested for trespassing for not leaving porch on Mifflin2012.
Police say he was cooperative
Had a good week,but i think i failed my math final :
Wasn't Portis like a latesecondoctorund pick?
The reason why I smile :
Thanks so much!
Appreciate you reading!
Don't do it!
After you break yourself of the habit, it's easy to enjoy one every now and then.
Sixers up at half.
Bring it to Boston.
AUSTIN MAHONE IS MOVING TO MIAMI NEXT WEEK!!!!!!
Call me old fashioned but if I were a dude....
The moment I heard a female cus she'd have less of a chance!
oomf is an ugly koala.
That awkward moment when you are walking up the stairs in a parking garage and have to stop because a squirrel is staring you down.
Lol
RT : No 1 is expected 2 get along w/ everyone.
ppl R difft 4 a reason.
But we shld ALL respect 1 another  R differences.
Tectrix Used Recumbent Bike for only 350.
Textrix Used Upright Bike for 250.
given that he couldn't even stand I believe it's much worse than Manu's level of strain.
He was in serious pain.
Yes tell us please!
Teaching is being both a role model and a mentor to someone who may have neither at home, and may not be looking for either.
Wow, FSU gets to walk all over the place and never seems to get called for fouls under the basket.
Trader Joe's was all out of the tasty varieties of cheddar, so I was stuck getting mild cheddar.
Girl, trust me.
Really skinny girls are unattractive and fake.
No one wants that.
The way you are now is perfect.
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands?
A pocket watch.
What classes get you out of bed at 6 in the morning?
Let us know
not in the least bit.
I wrote that I was a fan , but due to similar content as your newspaper I've stopped listening
Eavesdoctorpping on people's conversations because there's so many people here!
Mobile pubmedia visitors: more likely to bounce b/c they're more focused in their visits.
More likely to be new visits.
hanging with and at
Done laxin it up time for
'Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.'  Abraham Lincoln
Rape tweet RT : that was cold blooded
This little girls laugh is cute but then it sounds like a demon child at the same time.
Good morning!
You can not force things to happen you just have to be ready when it does.
Enjoy your day!
Wine?
WINE NOT?!?
follow me olz
A book must be an iceaxe to break the seas frozen inside our soul.
Franz Kafka
you are pretty, btw.
wow thanks you just made my Christmas.
Flapper.
Thanks : Congrats to for losing the interim title and landing spot as Madison's Economic Development Director
After 15 calls and 50 or so spam texts i failed to wake my friend :
I never said how you were getting paid, Pumpkin....swinging bucket and sand shovel
RT : : In the next 4 years all of global population growth will take place in cities  2.4 billion people...
Beat It Up Pleasure P!!!!!!
This My Songg 
555 ah, i love talking to you.
!
your so nice.
Garden Tour Private Tour with our homeowners, volunteers, and sponsors.
what teachers
glad you digg it ..
Let's keep making fire!
I think when they do that they are trying to build a clientele.
Get you in the door with a discount and hope you come back.
FOLLOWED :D xoxo
have you read the cancer one
I get yelled at because the rental car is 40  like really?
Supposedly the guy is supposed to do this stuff.
Idgaf
thanks for spreading the word!
hey.
you do graphic design?
haha  we are two peas in a pod!
how was ur day ?
I really don't need this 6th vodka lemonade
Thank You!
RT : I could be asleep by 830!// not until I get info from u :
Sure thing :D
Whoops!
That's a typo andahalf!
I'm not coming breakfast, OK?
// RT I'm coming breakfast DinnerZero now.
So be prepared for that.
pretty sure my best friend is ignoring me.
that's cool.
considering i lose every good friend within a year.
morning!
I'm thinking about going to pick up some vegetables and get a quick workout in this morning, lemme know if your down
Yikes!
But you're in good company...
lots of Ball players out with same injury and one of our dogs too!
Good luck!
:
got ya babe, hit me up
Thanks for the quote!
USMC, Happy 236th Birthday to the spear of our Armed Forces!!
Working on it.
Pretty excited about the rain we're getting in South Austin right now.
didnt do terribly much haha just recorded and hung out with some friends...
what about you?
So sorry that Natalee Holloway is dead.;
My family born and raised in HLP.
Have been going to since I was 4 though.
Check it out for a possible story!
Does it cost extra?
I have unlimited texting....
need Asante Samuel and that makes our CB trio DEADLY
You should check out Hero Academy on your iPhone.
Best iOS game ever.
It actually made me quit TOR.
So much fun.
whats your email?
i'll add you to the portland list so when Roshon is coming you'll be the first to know!
whats the occasion?
You'd better get some Voodoo Doughnuts while you're here?
;
Give your nails a labor day chill  no polish  nourishing lemon soak  olive oil soak  nail oil  naked, shiny nails all weekend!...
Why can't I pay to watch Entourage if I do not have HBO?
Are executives that fucking stupid to think I will just go pay for HBO.
Wellington Call Me Maybe ?
Saw you twice this year !!
4692330512
Laugh to keep from crying.
We love the Red Rooster!
Next time, come see us firstindependent kids and YA bookstore in Katonah!
The police and helicopters all over Forest Park in the G section.
I wonder what happened
Our sweet hamster ChiChi passed away today.
Who knew rodent ownership would be so wrenching?
Office supplies are lame when you have to pee and can't leave.
It is a beautiful day in the Bay.
Thanks Brad.
Have a great day.
I Go Back coming up NEXT
Receiving takehome finals in the jetway.
Watching Frontline's postmortem doc.
Interesting and very disturbing.
Just saw a man mowing his lawn in the rain.
I like attention
Have they stopped making episodes of 'The Universe'?
I'm still waiting for it to come back on.
Sometimes I wish I never met you cause than I would cry myself to sleep every night
THANK YOU Pierre for all the good memories from a fan.
Best of luck with RGIII in DC
Are you cataloging by the taste or the bottle?
The latter qualifies you for more than fast my fiend ;
: Ur name is Gillette?
RT : My mom named me after a razor...wtf was she thinking oO//yes
Could you put in a call to the Democratic Nominee for us?
We want a debate...
Welcome to Twitter!!!
atleast 2 more months till my nephew or niece gets relace from my sisters belly :
See shiz its four?
Darn it.
Insomnia claims another unsuspecting victim
I just met my soulmate on pinterest.
Is it too late to become a lesbian?
Your welcome.
You can join Home Games Clubs to meet people, especially Showcase: WSOPlay Money.
JIMMY CARTER WAS A NUCLEAR ENGINEER.
I'd like to take the time once again congratulate Fenway on 100 years.
Yankees!
Slugfest!
I dont have acne like omg imma die but when it does show up and is seeable it is omg imma die haha :
Hey there!
Did you end up getting any rest later in the weekend?
Biz should shift focus from professort maximization to purpose maximization  from the Great Places to Work Conference
Damn i should be sleep
Curation tools for pedagogy: looking for tool that allows user to explore collection, not just marched through..
Does it exist??
Lol...I'm good.
I already have way too many.
I gotta get rid of some before I can add more.
wow a Hipster on upper Monterrey,.going to freak out the locals..
Residual glitter bomb on my boots!!
Your EDUCATION is something NO ONE can ever take away from YOU.
me too.
I'm bout to go seek Him.
And wait on His presence.
Oh yea after today's squats and all those exercises I need me some aspirin and ibuprofessorn .
Who has some NOWWW!?!?!
I love the line for Quicken users about Dad going out for a pack of smokes.
Any verdict on Lion/Aperture 2.x issues?
I tend to agree.
Do you want to talk to or listen to your guests?
A smaller list allows 4 greater agility in many ways
If i were to have any fetish, it would have to be burping in public.
imacreep.
What.
Lol
Web Tip of the Day: Never use the same company for your Domain Registrar and your Webhost.
We're thrilled to celebrate our 5th anniversary of the food tours w/ the food trucks today  stop on by!
Let me have you...
good morning Jeff!!
Thanks I will!!
Finds his german seatmate's exuberance infectious: refers to 747s as monsters, says marinas are tight like Holland.
Lil Dieter learns to ...
back around march.
He had his shootusdown account still 3
Saturday is the 1st day of Passover and the next day is Easter Sunday.
Have a lovely holiday weekend!
Research and Markets: Food and Beverage Processing Machinery  Top 5 European Markets  Germany, United Kingdom ...
Is google finally updating pittsburgh's street view?
Don't think we didn't see u googlecar !
Thanks.
I still don't know how to make any of it stick, short of quitting watching the sport.
But I'm glad you dug it.
I want all three to stay.
I get Rich's point though.
might have the kiddo with me.
I will check and let you know fo sho!
no i saw it on my timeline.
my freaking bad.
More stuff for the EP!!
Actually a lot more
Let's go texans!!!!
oh shit, i think i've just ran out of cardboard
hello there :
idk dude.
idc at al lol now im a tweeter ;
Idk you but that's definitely not true at all!
No one is a disappointment.
Nobody's perfect!
Keep your head up!
ThinkPositive!
That's a bit to much info!
25 Kohl's Gift card SOLD to the final bidder for 2.35!
THERE IS NO DATE.
HES WITH ME.
david, tell her.
lolol 3
today's iPhone is tomorrow's walkman on the mind boggling pace of change
enjoyed playing concerts for kids at Meadow Montessori and MVCDS earlier today!
Next up: sidebyside concert with the MVCDS string...
Off to the Run for the Trees 5k in Winter Park
Bout to be late for work...Ima blame it on the rain lmfao
RT : New Post: SEO  User Experience: Like Peanut Butter  Chocolate.
presentation from
No, I'm the victim!
Upside of having to cut way back on coffee consumption: when I do have a cup, it tastes like manna from heaven.
In the crib ova wit foe the nite
Democratic alternative would cut subsidies to oil  gas companies to pay for this fix.
We must stand strong against Repub games.
Listening to Sean Paul while reading an article in the Journal of Law  Econ.
Bro you don't know how bad mine is!!!
Errybody tryna get me for my bread.
We gotta be entrepreneurs.
I been telling you bruh.
lol you got that from doctorke
EKU showing interest in OT Matt Axline from Shelby Co.
Signing day is just around the corner and EKU is compiling a stellar recruiting class
the performance will start at 4:15pm and then we will have a talkback.
It is very short and should be over no later than 5:00pm.
tonight.
making noise and sounds on kissfm at 10pm.
you should listen.
it will be life altering.
Just finished what felt like the longest work day ever.
Now to do about four hours of packing.
Taxi picking me up at 6.30am tomorrow.
If anybody cares I'm at la fitness in scottsdale.
I need a gym partner pronto !
Her face is pale with anguish.
She gives a cry of joy when she sees her son.
GOLD
Couldn't be any happier!
All I want now is Mopar after market exhausts!
Hey thanks for the follow!
When is it?
I might be free.
RT Be sure to bring the kiddies to today until 5:00 to see Santa Claus!
Bring your cameras too
Your posts are consistently stellar!
In 1786 today, Virginia legislature adopted the religious freedom statute.
Slap a muff
um.
Matthew Caws just tweeted at me.
Starting the day off strong.
Off to KOA
it's so true.
that girl has really got around
I miss Leticia so much :
Awesome, good luck Ash!
Its a Million you's its only one of Me
TESTIMONIAL: Wonderful Customer Service  Excellent Tasting Portioned Meals  On time all the time.
Fit2go ROCKS!
Raul Valdez, Loyal...
Why does it seem like the NFC North championship is not even a topic around here?
yoga is preventing pain before it arises  Patanjali Yoga Sutras
I took a hike in the Himalayas once.
and that's a complete, utter, lie.
and yes.
to your original question.
I'm playing tonight w/my band at with The Purrs, Daniel G Harmann  the Trouble Starts, Speedwobbles.
Come on by!
Young, rich, and famous, thanks for asking.
How are you?
I just got insanely excited that Carrie Underwood's new CD is on Spotify already.
Soundtrack to my article writing tonight!
Celebrate the moments you've managed to survive.
The music might not be in tune, but take a moment to rejoice that you're still making it.
I'm not saying my ex was bad in bed but I didn't notice she was dead until the dishes started piling up...
Im near San Francisco, CA.
Ever been?
What defines map dependent?
I don't see any reasoning, you are just saying that they arent...
thanks Jason, I had a blast!
new haircut today :
I'm tired of this friend of mine saying she's there for me then goes behind my back.
I'm sticking with my real friends3
RE: Aw bro we just getting started!
Lol...
seriously been considering it
hate to say it bro..
Nt  all actually!
U actually encouraged me..I thought it would be strict.
I'm probably going to take Comprehension 3
I'm sure they love the twitter love, but it's isAgenix, not isOgenix.
:
knee deep into dsum12 notes.
TNC News, Celebrity night out at East Andoctorws tonight come and celebrate with us.
For more information visit www.tncnews.com
.
storyteller doctor Chris Kraft is a Hopkins expert on gender psychology.
Oh,  he was in Madonna's 'Material Girl' video.
Seriously.
welcome.
mizzougrad working in Virginia.
Did time in Biloxi at a radio station helping report following Katrina...
Right now, my new Galaxy Note...
; : Deep Twitter question of the day: What is real happiness worth to you?
Uribe looked even fatter than normal on the play...
Hopefully it doesn't come back to bite us
Note to couples: No heated arguments; no hot makeup sex.
mikes too hammered to even shake his fist at me.
so ridiculous.
likewise.
looks interesting.
that's always a good icebreaker questions when you meet someone
Sleeping naked,
CO Senate passes early childhood literacy bill 350.
House approval of amendments expected.
nothing against finding people.
But telling people to call 242COPS and passing it off as a headline deserving investigation?
: Your on I'm an hour from Lansing.
Sweet i will let you know beth you coming?
April 6, 6:45 pm.
My band, Symfinity will play at The Bitter End in New York, NY.
YouTube?
oh, to make videos of acting?
I am so swamped with loosed end at work right now that I'm actually hoping to go into labor...
like tonight.
always reverse whitepage numbers before you dial lessonslearned Now that's a skill for the
I just set the trap and put the runner band on the sprayer for the parents.
Washington Redskins visting Indianapolis Colts kickoff at 7:00 PM ET redskins colts nfl
Agreed!
RT Totally worth a retweet: RT : Megan Rapinoe is the 5 hour energy of the
getting ready to go for a bike ride with my neighbor by sitting in bed on the computer...getting ready to do laundoctor by going on a bike ride
Why Force yourself to speak as if you have a lisp?
May the Fourth Be With You.
If my patient is this psychotic this is gonna be the worst weekend ever, no way I'm doing a dbl on Sunday
my mouth is all wet
Ok so I haven't done this in awhile but who would like me to DM austin to follow you?
I'll do as many as I can
Just filmed an interview with Eric Balfour and Sam Trammell at the Surfrider Celebrity Event in Malibu!
quake Indonesia quakegeology is like So Calif Catalina Is w major sideways motion of slab
have faith
Everybody acting like Kesha wrong for wanted to call the cops.
Give that woman back her stuff damn..
I hate that shit.
Pre game ritual time: naked napping
2 in your name in will call my friend
Train to Chicago for a wedding this weekend.
Plane to Toronto Sunday.
BMW to Phoenix Monday on...
Just another week  in this 'togs life.
Yes, I'd love to hang with him during the cocktail party for sure!m ;
Going to brunch at Lucia's.
Any menu recommendations?
If corporate taxes are first applied and then capital gains, the typical tax rate is 47 on 1m.
Too complex to explain, class warriors?
Excite bike, all day.
hey boo
Playing the shit out of it, having fun.
But I need to get off from being lazy and learn more characters.
such a pleasure meeting you in NYC.
Enjoy the rest of the tour!!
Dario Giles n I making fun of all the doctornks in their faces while they coming outta the club
Heroes get remembered.
Legends never die.
babe Ruth from sandlot
House Appropriations meeting has begun.
Comptroller's office estimating 7.3 billion in Rainy Day Fund at end of 201213.
OMG!
Please tell me where to get the best salmon roe sushi in Portland!
RT: Maybe if Bron was in practice instead of out shopping for headwraps...
that is as important an achievement as any you will have.
Glad you are okay.
is now !
Follow accordingly!
getting kinda smelly.
I know these fuckers are gonna try and put me in the shower or video me swimming the pool again.
You are ready for a 10k now!
the typo is dont should be don't the word is on the fourth line of the paragraph
I don't feel like I am physically capable of saying anything serious on Twitter today.
I have spent the last 3 days inhaling paint fumes.
cuz they jus want him to rap for 2yrs catch a body do 20yrs and say FreeKeef ...niggas is haters
's chipmunk voice 
So happy Bulls are going down 31 and on way out of post season.
Let's go Miami beat NYK.
Glad to be there!
RT : We thank for coming out to this special board meeting on youth violence in Milwaukee.
I agree!!!
Great blog!
True foodies
good morning and the team you're working with today is lucky to have peptalk!
Is your book out yet?
Praying for my sisters getting ready for outreach tonight.
Hundoctords of girls will experience the gospel in word  deed tonight.
Watched be hilarious at Second City!
nicework!
that's how we do lol!!
refreshing the page until I could get them and as soon at you could, I entered all my info went to but them and they were
what brother ?
Lol ..
But yes VERYGROSSSS
nice job Matthew!
bitch, shut up.

: Ima most lightly move out of Penn hills....Um its likely lol.....oh thanks trick lol
you're welcome.
We hope you had a successful event.
I know right
Love you
I can't wait for Disney Nature's Chimpanzee's!
Next stop is Boston vs the Red Sox, let's go O's
Congrats on finishing!
Tough decisions are usually the right ones.
RT : 3star OL Caleb Stacey has decommitted, wants to stay home  attend UCincy.
I'm really watching a scary movie by myself.
This is a first.
125K  Perm Position  Sr.
Software Engineer  Requires participation in multiple project lifecycles from inception to transition, 5 years
For my friend with a broken foot: good bone health foods for breakfast:milk, fortified cereal, blueberries,  glass of OJ  calcium  Vit D
I won't say whether I was happy or sad at the thought of her dying.
from one MacGruber fan to another...
Would you have time to call in to my radio show while youre in Baltimore...
36 pm
Have your Birthday Party w us for Eden Fridays Happy Hour Lounge.
Rooftop Style!!
Contact Zita Hawkins for info!
Suzanne Fischer just showed image of life size Mouse Trap  Maker Faire that crushes a car.
I wanna play!
I woke up at 7 am today and spent nearly four hours in bed reading.
May the 4th be with you TGIF
never!!!!
Can you shoot lasers out your eyes now?
We're speaking with Margaret Nelson, of about attachment parenting
lol I told you

Believe me, my childoctorn have more stamina than a power station.
Robbie Coltrane
Starting to look like it.
Ball, White and Gordon looked outstanding.
Jeff Lewis is also very talented.
Express Lube is now providing an EcoFriendly Full Service Oil Change.
Ask for Pure Green!
hey: I haven't tweeted you in forever haha
RIP Junior Seau.
So sad.
Met Junior thru my man Lew Bush who passed a couple of months back.
8th member of the Bolts SB team to die
Chris Walla of is here!!!
We chat in minutes on and then YOU chat with him online!
Ryan Leslie is a underrated musician
RIP Dick Clark
Lets go Nuggets lets get back in this series!!!!
i want a krabby patty
Welcome everyone to NOBLEPRODUCTLINE's new twitter page!!!
We are so happy to have you join us!
I also consider him a provacative thinker and a great person.
But funny is funny
Simple things is what my heart beats for
How can you call Liam ugly omg it's like hurting a puppy.
Playing a gig right on the river.
Beautiful art show, live art, and I am providing the jazz.
Time to watch the
Aspiring screenwriter/part time hand model..Sounds weird but if u saw my hands u would think Da Vinci did this work of art himself
I don't know what's been up with me lately, I don't feel like anything .
Watch out for the Nor'Easter Bunny.
He's like the Easter Bunny, but instead of hiding eggs, he comes and sinks all your fishing boats.
Made me giggle.
I'm married to a man who uses a bread knife for everything.
Will RT!
lol these kids are crazy omg
Hoping the rain and the storms will stop.
So tired of severe weather.
Cooley39;s Colorado Office Makes Denver Post quot;Top Workplacesquot; List
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers; you are special and much appreciated!!!!
We must come to view life as we would a beautiful painting, and accept the lights and shadows essential to the perfection of the work.
MPH
Seriously if you come to Wendy's...
I'll give you a discount on a frosty
she really don't!
What's funny is that she is not even in school, talking about im taking a couple of years off 
Girl scouts are already working for The Devil, they can't also be communists.
Or...wait...yeah, they can.
How many Q.B.
sacks will Denver's D get on Tom Brady?
Five!
he'll leave the game with a concussion...
What is structured sentencing?
Example?
sweet, which gig are you going to ?
i'm probs going to the O2 one.
Should be really good !
It's been a full day since our Fan Cost Index information was released.
What do NBA fans think of the avg price to attend a game?
...artists seven total, actually.
skiing is harder to master than boarding.
That's probably the 2nd thing I'm going to try out, after my agent is leveled up enough to be a capable healer.
Cause ive been thinkinn bout forever ...oh
Some good C roll still pictures taken Jodi!
Margarita you dumb ass goofy ass hoe!!
you have a nice ass don't listen to Christine she is a whore..lol
I am not sure prayer  worship should be separated; if were doing one shouldnt we do the other?
it was super fun :
Visit www.gemcuisine.com
Does anyone know how to stream wsope final table online?
please help!
I gots to watch dan win
so excited!!!!
Thank you for taking us!!
First hockey game ever!!!!
Yes, I'm slower than FedEx.
I've never noticed the arrow in their logo.
Very clever.
How is nothing still known in the Phylicia Barnes case?
I didn't know that was an option.
I need to look into Madison libraries.
Oregon PD tells us they are sending a news release regarding this morning's incident.
Will update soon as I get it...
Thank you!
I'm pretty much in love.
:
is enough with survey overload or fatigue.
What happened to intuition?
using the data that you have.
it's 12:45am...i'm gonna need some clarity on tomorrow
Last call!!!
Come to the Shack today 129.
Otherwise, see u next spring :
Owwww SO HYPE
BulkEditor is pretty cool
Ehh, just chilling here at home talking to the most beautiful human being on the planet :
: The Manimal's 4 points and 5 rebounds giving the an early 106 lead over the  is a badass
I refuse to watch,it's precorded.
haha jk jk I just kinda wish he hadn't Ustreamed at all.
Thanks for voting the winner of and Pitch Competition 2012!
I'm focused I might as well say cheese for the pictures
Join us at 911 am tomorrow for the lesson Now is the Time:God Given Opportunities.
Lesson by Rev Pat, meditation by Rev David...
Thankful I have a job!
You are amazing!:
RT : BREAKING: Car crashes onto CTA Blue Line tracks near Rosemont.
not sure if I will be able to make it this year : however, if I can't be there in person, I'll follow on twitter and History
Congrats, Shatto!
We never doubted you.
We love our Root Beer, Strawberry and Skim milks.
Not to mention our cheese curds!
:
Love is life.
And if you miss love, you miss life.
More like the top chef running out of signature dish when local burger franchise owner comes in...
;
Going to have to get used to this whole Eastern timezone thing.
I hate flics where nerds get hot chics, I like when nerdy chics get made over in2 hot chics ha!
Nevermind me, back 2 rappedy rap hippedy hop
you looking at the man stacks and rubber bands yuup
All you need to knock on is play the apatche song
Help me make the top 10 so I can Take The Stage!
Glad to hear that you are making a difference in the world.
You should check out They are doing great things too.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Sparse crowd tonight in Vancouver cuz of hockey.
I guess those hosers took off, ehhh.
No, because international hoops now offers a legitimate challenge to the US.
There was little international baseball in 1920s
Look at me choosing a clementine  a mini chocolate bar rather than a cookie!
it the Chargers go to Los Angeles, then I will too!
no pain no mf gain
Use wisdom in everything you do so that both your heart and your life shout loudly My God reigns.
is always ON MY MIND3
Congrats, Tom!
My whole band stopped rehearsal to watch you!
You were amazing and we are SO PROUD!
You NAILED that song!!!
I am deeply committed to the cause of education and would like to see every person, man and woman, boy and girl, be touched by the light o
elclassico madoctord Altintop seems to be the only hole in Madoctord's defense.
Everyone shouldn't just have the most respect for their mothers on this day.
It should be everyday!
Lol I think everyone skipped.
:
got ya
Hee Hee Hee...well it stopped being a hater for a while but then it went right back to haterism in a couple of hours.
Sigh...
Why do computers appear so smart?
There's a human sitting at the keyboard.
Then why do computers act stupidly?
Frat daddy fratsnap as he got on the bus
I have to confess.
As a young cocky gayboy I once described to my friends a mildly hot guy I was dating as 'a titch downsyndoctormy'.
nothing like a little brandi carlile unexpectedly playing in the walgreens to calm my nerves.
this is not okay.
Hey guys!
My mom knows your Aunt Pam and we were told to check you out!
She told us about you on FB!
Small world!
we love you 3 can't wait for ur billboard performance 3 I'm sure its gonna be awesome like the others :
Just got word that our recent article was accepted to Urban Education.
Great way to start a weekend!
//Glad you liked the hashtag.
:
probably too dehydoctorted to keep coaching.
RT : If you are looking for 100 free stuff in Madison WI check out our newest client Phreeps LLC at twitter.com/phreepmsn
Hope they feel better real soon!
:
Nothing like a few hour longboarding sesh with
I don't get the don't wireframe, prototype!
thing.
If your WFs take as long to make as even a simple prototype, you're doing it wrong
hahah love it.
Whoever did that is a fucking legend
Just ordered my Sweatshirtt:
Just got my flu shot.
: getting my blood doctorwn tomorroww.
/:
3 I think im going to buy 10 kittens to be lvoed, ha
Questions that reveal FERPA protected information that is.
get your voice heard at thesportsland.com
no never...just been a while...how's your photography business
Just watched Food Inc.
Oh No!
It makes me so happy that baby bron bron lost tonight, and the Bulls killed it in OT!
we should just text each other during social studies.
We pretty much do through twitter
The vitality  energy you felt that doctorve you to type Motherfucker.?
That's what you get with a veg diet, Russ.
Have you registered for the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness  Supportive Housing?
Early Bird Registration ends Aug 31, 2011!
Im starting an online petition to bring back the show Yo Mamma.
The world needs more Wilmer Valda..valder that guy from that 70s show.

Thanks for the
what is wrong with people...that sucks.
happy birthday !
Jewish Community Relations Council DC Mayoral Debate From 8:00pm to 9:30pm at the Historic Sixth and I Synagogue.
nor El Nuevo Herald  we were declined by
omgg it's amazing and he's so sweet dedicating it to us and showing off all his fan mail from us awwee333
Thank you for taking the time to come and talk at our Discovery Toys convention.
We love you and all of your wonderful ideas!
lol Yeah.
It's like Smith for English or Kim for Korean.
every directioner should follow a very nice directioner from the UK
The sign on Steve's said Breakfast coming soon.
We'll see.
I personally have never done that
Yes, i try to Push the door open when clearly, it says Pull.
Start your 2012 off on the right foot w/ DNation.
Training for the starts in 3 weeks with coach
canada is awesome!
but yay def not the biebs!
App Store ranks finally defrosted last night.
Great to see apps like text catapult from rank 100 to 60.
A truer indicator of popularity.
In other nonBritney related news, I LOVE Greg Laswell's music!
LILLLLLYYYY!!!
Sup lady
Some times you're not as strong as you think you are.
real friends will alwayz b by ur side, even at times u tell them 2 leave
LA rules!
: Trifecta tonight as our LA teams and win tonight!
ThisIsLA OurCityOurHome FEARLA
Good Decision Making SMH!
Love golden boy pizza.
my bitch exroommate stole my adapter D:
Happy Birthday to me:
subtweeting is not what you want.
Is anyone out there using the Adobe CS5.5 products yet?
Check out 's new single Blame It On September, its out now on iTunes : were doing a contest soon so stay tuned!
WON12 opens w/ clip of Cookie Monster deciding Btwn cookies or fruit.
A Sesame Street character supposed to attend but couldn't make it.
Saw two crested caracaras in a field on my way to the Big O Birding and Wildlife Festival HQ in Labelle.
Cool!
I wanna learn sign language!
thx for the ff!
Hope u and Brandon are well!
Never say never  Armin Van Buuren.
Sex to my ears!
3
Yep!
she has tweeted I stay on her Twitter acct.
: I was glad she walked out  was looking 4ward to enjoying the show!
Is to cute tho.
;
My new single Life Not Typical was on the Most Added list on the Billboard chart this week  say yea with me!
Shoulders and left knee, now making formal protest against this sudden gym/workout thing.
Shoulders are particularly pissed.
Stay tuned for a MOTHER load of ideas and new concepts!
its a beautiful day in philly!!
hitting the expo and then enjoying the city!!
I 3 my cous 
Ugh.
Work.
People need to learn how to doctorve!!!
Brock lesnar?
Where did he come in
Join us, September 16  17, 2011, for a twoday multistage festival which features events around the state.
www.globalquerque.com
Film shooting a Vampire Webisode at my home.I feel like playing their Mom and saying Don't doctornk o blood, they are the human milk cows
What I need from u is understanding baby niggas gon mess up somtimes!
Thats life
Laissezfaire: an injunction 'not to impede the course of things, but to ensure the natural and necessary modes of regulation.' Foucault
.
Agree and good point.
How about just SmartShawn , or maybe SuperSmartShawn , yeah I like that
Is Wendy Williams a tranny?
Thanks for the follow.
Following back!
Have a great weekend.
Not hung up; just feel that as ppl, mostly men, are uncritically celebrating his legacy it is worth pointing out a serious flaw
I'll pray for you:
Wow, you're just racking the nerd points up.
and the way he wears his douchey glasses on the back of his douchey head.
My work day is almost over....
Thankgoodness!
Mary Jeffers from speaking at new brand and website launch event
what if she walked by and saw these tweets hahaha
Nothing better than Ferris Bueller.....he's my hero
Hell of a game Giants
Sugar Maple's beer list makes me feel feelings.
doctorgon's Milk Oaked Stout will rain down on my insides.
Sounds like fun!
My eldest is graduating with a master's tomorrow.
Looking forward to hanging out 2 after her busy semester.
catch a falling star and put it in your pocket, save it for a rainy day.
thank you!
I hope you have a good night too!
Fight on girl!
don't see why not

lol not right it's just not right
Hooker hated nickname Fighting Joe Hooker, sounded hot headed.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Maple bacon creme brle?
How did you know.
IM NOT doctorMATIC
that sore feeling after you been hooping all day 
Woke up with the Price is Right theme music in my head.
Hmm..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY3  thank you:
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids  Huffington Post
Whitey is a beast!
Phone dead.
I need a theme song....
that's laughable
Great sound, stunning voice, and very nice clip!
I dig it!!
My eyes are warm, its weird.
.
.
Obama campaign hosts digital media training for volunteers  Politico
your not important.?
your fucking clueless.
Rick majerus looms like a gremlin
Sorry about that.
Today, I feel like, is gonna be a good day c:
When God is in it, it's not over.
a gust of wind literally made both of my feet slide across the ice rink that is the sidewalk.
Any how, I'll see you like today
Happy Easter Chicago, do your thing today!
The agent of deserves a bonus.
Neon Deion stars in two Super Bowl ads on Sunday, for Bridgestone  Century 21.
Love listening to John Keegan speak.
happy holidays to you!
Thank U: RT : Appreciation  Gratitude  
you better not !
Needs A Text....
Call
Can't leave us hanging like that.
Do tell us more about what you saw on the assessment...
got the earrings.
Thx...they are hot!
my radio addiction  , for months now.
felt unfaithful to spare laptop now managing podcasts :
I should've known you weren't going to answer me..
So why did I waste my time?
Wandy has only thrown 71 pitches so far.
Pirates are in trouble.
Good night yall
At the hospital wit Amanda haveing her baby.....
Birthing couch....
OMG OMG happy omg
Mahendoctor Kumar Trivedi announces the launch of Trivedi Beef  Stunning Results ...
VirtualStrategy Magazine
Everyone be safe in the rain!
Have a beautiful day!
Thanks To All My New Fans, Followers, Friends And Likes!!!
ViaReverbnationTwitter, Myspace And Facebook....::
Had a great workout today doing Tabata intervals with the 2handed kettlebell swing!
Watching David Fincher's 'Zodiac' this morning, such a lovely film.
I know it's been a busy morning when I realize I forgot to have my second cup of coffee.
Research project explores reference books as practical tools of protest
Tomorrow Chicago native music duo Maverick  T will be here to perform a Free rush hour concert!
Come join us!
UR 2 busy 2 wait 13 mins 4 confirmation of man's death instead of citing outfit sleeping at LAX 2 ask Lindsay about her diet?
lunchtime getting close, shell we get together?
world who still sometimes watches VCR's :D
pray to based god you wont get in too much trouble, and are you not taking me n maxxy to school anymore?
Cracking up over here.
Sweet car calendar on the wall.
Is your office actually your childhood bedoctorom?
It name...
Ital rehab.
Dont let the doctorgs take you.
Let me take you and work with you.
In two months you will be you.
Call me 702 3663923
Hey follow
Can't sleep so I'm on my way to thedys...
Hard to sleep without him now.
Really, RoyalPains?
Ave Maria at a Jewish funeral?
You've got some explaining to do.
R U looking for a certified engineer with good mixing and mastering skills?
Get worldwide email me at RT
I wanted to be friends
add fudge covered Oreos to the mix and the psychology is in strange realms
Our next general meeting will take place NEXT Thursday at 1 PM.
Ur witness is a poor listener b/c they haven't been properly trained to listen correctly; it is a psychology thing, not a legal thing.
Amazing first day at ASTD ICE 2011!
Ended with a wonderful evening of celebrating Don Kirkpatrick's retirement at Cafe Tu Tu Tango.
he must think I'm in there.
smooth and pale and slender and all.
have to study final final today at 12:30
I have emailed customer service twice with no reply.
Trying to unsync my old card and resync new one.
Please help!
tony also has crazy sneeze attacks.
Those are hilarious.
That last RT is exactly why having grown daughters is such a blast!
The raising is tough but the payoff is huge!
Trying a web application for posting long tweets.
And suddenly, I have no thoughts that could propel me over the 140 character threshold
The shortages are going to get worse.
Let's help each other through this.
Everything comes by truck and trucks can't get through.
No time to waste
The good news about generosity is that it doesn't create any loss or lack for the giver.
:D
Let's go someplace new and be different people for a while.
thebestpartofmydaywas when It hit me that I have been too busy for church, or even God for the most part..
what's happened to me?
Yes!
lol  RT did finally let you back in the studio?
S/0 to the people who listen to real HipHop and understand the art of it.
I have trauma call tonight.
Not nearly as much fun as OB or Family Medicine call.
True!
Just wish there weren't so many authorship books in our darned library.
What were you people reading before I got here?
Everyone is sleeping and I'm checking social media
just logged into twitter from my computer for the first time in a while...
what the hell happened to it???
i want the oldtwitter back:
Let's go Bynum
If you travel you take the moon  starts with you!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 28
Me and my whole team done been thru sum shit in life making our bond stronger,but we gon show U how 2 turn tragedy 2 triumph 3nity shit
Social Media Special: 10 lb bag of rock salt FREE with 5 purchase.
Can't beat that!
Where is the reset button for today?
What is going on?!
Guess I should've had my orange juice this morning.
bah, nonworking links are the worst
cant prove it
What a day for basketball!
Two 15 seeds upset 2 seeds, and the Kings stomp all over the Celtics?!
Want to learn more about Crowdfunding?
Sherwood Neiss is speaking at the Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance CATA conference May 2324
Can't sleep because of 's amazing instagram.
Follow this fine gentleman!
'TheJakeThrupp'
That's a very cool site you have for your festival.
I love the images of the venue front doors  how it leads to mapsinfo.
it's bootyful ; i wonder if madison would like it....c;
bahahaha.
I wish.
GREAT bridal show today at Ritz Charles, Inc., hope to see you all there!
:
Comcast Christmas Show Employees gather in the lobby of the Comcast building in Philadelphia to watch a preview of the annual Christmas s
You should check if you're work computer is directly proportional to your seat level to lessen neck pains.
thank you darling happy
Problem is, they violate twitter et al.
TOS!
MT Opensource tool to archive audience comm.
from SM.
My mind is racing after the Avengers.
It's the iconic comic book moments like Hulk with Thor's hammer that make it special for comic fans!
Fade Away by Greg Cipes.
That song is amazing, idc how old it is, ive been listening to it for the past 30 mins.
damn damn i wish i was in nyc for this!!!!!!!!
i just really like food ...
no worries, I've just been laying here in tears awaiting reply.
Bitches.
I miss all the good stuff!
Hmm...
Not sure about this, but WTH, see what happens!
IMO, the only time they were ever in communication was 198889.
20 Best Marketing, Social Media Blogs www.forbes.com/2010/01/14/socialmediatwittermarketingforbeswomanentrepreneursbestblogs.html
Don't forget to meet the 'Gansett girls at Society Hill Beverage tonight and taste some
That was an awesome shot.
I still can't see in slow mo.
Onward!
Thank you for supporting gay marriage!
We're def moving FORWARD.
Tweet this night out, loud and proud!
We want data to assemble for those that can't make it
thank you so much:
MLM Update!
Clever Container
thanks im following yoou too:
awe ok didn't think so
yall dont follow me :/ im the next star
Field museum: lots of dead and real and fake things behind glass  30 million things in jars Best collection description ever.
So psyched for the game tonight.
My 1st playoff game since 2008!
Anyone else coming out?
goosssshhhh.
this week is gonna go by SO slow.
happy Friday!
New Casa?
I know!
Summer, summer.
Tell me those things you have to tell me.
we do, talking about it right now!
daaammnn you took it back..
I've never sacrificed so much for one person  just for them to get in their feelings over something so...
ridiculous!
Alrighty boys..gonna get my hands on some of Carter before bed!!!
Love yas!
talk tomorrow!!
xoxoxo
yeah me too but he still seemed kinda pissed this morning when i talked to him .
I know, !
I was thinking at the time, Who gets their portrait taken with a ladder?
Answer  and I do.
I guess you don't give a shit...?
RT : I realy want to win tomarrow U guys all got 2 play with heart like , , and...
Now Kentucky!
AlAqsa Martyrs Brigade has asked Hamas to return weapons seized in 2007, so they can confront Israeli aggression, incursion or folly.
heck yes!
I love all the funny videos they make  how close they are!
Its so cute!
So, what's your name?
Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE!!!!!
Nine72 after hrs right behind beamers
some niggas are so funny!
lmfao u wanta be player ass nigga get a fuckin life grow the fuck up!
dam!
You always find a way to ruin things
Hope anyone who goes to the Border Wars meet and greet to see Jay Lethal doesn't get treated like crap like the fans in Dayton did.
Time to get this last speech done...Let's do this...
Getting amped for Kimock here in Charlotte.
Life Is Just A Game...
We Are All Just The Same...
O
On twitter because no one on FB is getting important info in real time.
Thanks for makin' changes suckas!
Still on fb.
Immediacy is still
we can't go today girl
Great idea: RT : Have you thought about Foursquare checkin discounts, like 10 off certain/all titles?
tapped Half Day Hefeweizen last night.
is Mission Hills BID.
Follow for what's happening in our charming historic neighborhood in San Diego 92103
misterG PEOPLE, CHILLAXING IN MY COMFORTABLE BED, ALL NICE N KOZY UP IN HERE!!!!!!
Absolutely LOVING the interview with Chris Isaac being a Memphis girl who grew up with Sun Studio music :
Off to kick some ass at the gym.
I love early mornings
Time for TUSD to move on from Ethnic Studies fight  Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Time for TUSD to move on from Ethnic Studies fight Tuc
word up
: They will get their karma, don't get your pretty nails dirty.
LifeOfABarbie
Its the last 30 minutes of our 50 off blackfriday deal!
But then Its still 40 off til 12PM and then 30 from 12PM to 9PM EST!!
which addoctorss did you send my package to?
Haven't received yet.
Just letting you know
At the bank this morning they asked me who my second favorite player is, and I was stumped!
Any suggestions?
Thanks to Radio Free Texas and all of the listeners!
New CD will be available online August 31st!
www.claymcclinton.com
Two more packer tickets for us!
Matt's dad put him on the list over 40 years ago and with the expansion we get 2 more!
morning.
c:
i loved it u were like best and amazing also i love u and when could ever tweet me back or maybe follow me please!3
glad you enjoyed it haha :
Officially going official on Twitter so follow your boy  let your people know...
I know it sounds extreme, but there are reasons.
We had a dog who step on hot coals and burn all 4 paws and needed to wear..
The FriendZone every man fear when he has strong feelings for a woman.
on to the next one
Griner is unreal.
Issue w/ meeting someone w/ the same name as a character, is then I think of that person.
Thankfully, my character was already a redhead!
Happy Mothers day to all the wonderful caring women that have loved and cared for us unconditionally, thank you we appreciate you
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
You are a blessing in my life!
Happy Mother's Day too!!
I'm really wishing I had used Pinterest, Prezi or anything but Powerpoint.
But it's done now.
Thanks for that
where have u been punk
Another OST Perm exclusive.
We are staffing a Java Architect role in Westford, Mass..
i think about you everyday and i listen to you everyday
Rudyard Kipling More men are killed by overwork than the importance of the world justifies.
And watch NBA games for some reason.
Are you okay?
maybe he said pelt!
That would be creepy.
South Park or Family Guy?
I'm so stuck in my head today.
if I started this thing the night before...it would never be finished.
This project was awful...
Toilet Bowl, Dickey
congrats can't wait to see the film.
sad trombone
Ah yes, a new week is upon us!
Time to get movin' at Noon with our 9RoundMinute!
Hecky naw this dude aint neva just strip on the side of me
Just witnessed a star wars poetry slam.
True stories.
wish I was there
Small sample size.
Of runs!
wonderful!
can't wait to see you at the sxswLAM meetup  doctornkup!
RT : Oh dear.
All the GOP candidates hate SOPA  PIPA too.
Now who will Hollywood give all that money they're not going to...
The newsroom at CNN smells like bacon right now.
I don't know why and I don't care.
It's not important.
It's bacon.
Long doctorves and Tom Petty.
I plan it not sure when though  maybe we can do lunch
Awesome!
Always fun to plan your doctorams  Good luck!
Have fun girls!!
Say hi to the boys from me : xx : Club Paradise Concert tonight w
WHEN HE OPES HIS ARMS AND HOLDS YOU CLOSE TONIGHT, IT JUST WONT FEEL RIGHT,CAUSE I CAN LOVE YOU MORE THAN THIS.
You do spend a lot of time at airports.
Consider this: Let Us doctorve You to MKE or ORD.
Fewer connections  layovers.
Anyone using Google ?
What do you think?
why the heck did i just favorites my own tweet
Theres so many butterflies !
Pulling for Shaka and VCU.
Go do it
Fresh bread, flowers  fun for the kids!
Hope to see you at the market tomorrow!
38 pm!
Yeeeaaaa it's nun scarier than a 10 year old white girl jumping rope in slow motion.
Btw I missed seeing you on Friday!!!
:
I Love your music.
Times have been had, and times will be had.
urine trouble takes on victorious secret for the final eastern division playoff spot.
I hope isn't getting into any trouble tonight.
Logan Greene's BSA Eagle Scout ceremony is this afternoon in Mitchell   another Southern Indiana leader in the making!
JDG
Would you let the system make you kill your brother man?
No doctorad no !
he crushes that one!
Hope you recommended Sultra ;  yes, urgent texts like that r totally unnecessary!
doctorves me nuts when my mom does this.
Cant stop listening to SAYSOMETHING its so perfect now you just gotta come to Boston and peform it!; Love you NOJOKE 3333
marian Sean O'Sullivan very likeable, honest, humble, inspirational man.
Only 8 of Highschool boys wash their hands after using the restroom.
Seriously in need of a new last name for 2nd book EMPIRE but that won't work bc of 50 Shades.
Any ideas?
Hahah why you reading bout my college?
jcdl2012 submission...
submitted.
But that doesn't mean I won't think up a new title before midnight.
Apparently there's a service outage on this exchange so no phones or broadband for lots of people I guess.
Feels weird being disconnected!
After my motion as council member at OVUCC for a balanced budget we now get more; no longer bottomless pit.
yes they ate
When something bad happens you have three choices.
You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you!!
Hang in there RT Hit balls again today.
Turns out winter in Colorado is not good for the golf swing.
It's downright awful.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
I don't understand why people can't just check their kids at the airport with the rest of their baggage.
She's French though :/
ONE MORE WEEK TILL DISNEY CAMP ROCK AUDITIONS  ADA IN Pleasantville, NY call 914 751 1048 for info ages 821
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Hope you enjoy it.
: xx
Saw a commercial TWICE today That is so mean!
My kind of dinner!
Cheers!
So sorry to hear about your aunt.
Carmen: The water's warmer in here.
Juni: I just peed.
Carmen: Ugh.
Juni: Sorry.
The Tigers are on the board first, but no worries.
In CC We Trust
Im really sorry babe.
But i PROMISE after this 2 weeks, we'll talk kayos.
Don't be sad babe, I LOVE YOU!
x
It was a very intense work week.
I think we've all earned a weekend break.
I'll be watching NCAA games.
Go, 'Cats!
You?
Thanks!
Just fixed the typo.
my dad wants me to go fishing with him....
Josh  Jordan hackie sacking after school 
lls this Guy gets banned the first day.
Don't follow him he is insane and wants to go to Mexico to watch a pony show
Poll results: Orioles fans hate the Yankees as a team most.
As for the fans, they hate Red Sox fans most.
ohh my gosh am I now?
something is wrong with my twitter!!!
put me through a tough work out at the gym yesterday!
That man is a beast.
If your not super setting, your not working out!
Great wins by and today!
I think meeting people is just difficult all around.
The good ones are hard to find.
In real life and online.
TI30 airs tonight on ch12 after World Series.
We have our bloopers of the year, plus a nice video piece looking back on 2011 season.
not even joking on you!
Lol.
I remember the scene you did!!
My man
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
ahaha noo it was raining yesterday and then today it was all sunny like okayy lol and over there??
:o

Always has..
No Offense
bud, did you guys dine at North or TheCricket?
:O what happened?!?
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
This still isn't what I'm looking for.
I think that should have been a shot violation!!!
Where's the sun??
looking very very good.
Now y'all got me craving burgers.
In order to live your doctorams, you have to keep your eyes open and stay focused.
You can't lay around and sleep on them.
life,
fuckkk i got a 89 cant u give me a 90
You're one of the best Joe.
Think of all the bullshit you went through.
Slaughterhouse is revenge and redemption.
The leg is still way tender, but the ACE Bandage helps.
May finally get back to work Monday.
This is hellish, for me, being crippled.
u have xbox or ps3
chillin bro...just working.
you?
Pretty sure I'm supposed to have lunch with someone today.
Can't find it in my calendar/email.
If it's you, let me know
We are following you
Thank you for the connection!
Your words of advice on relationship marketing were gold today!
even our sharks are fatter lol
really hmm ok ill see wats sup
Murray Hill Bar Crawl With
I faithfully watch family guy at night lol
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
Looking forward to your visitfeel free to DM in advance for any assistance or recommendations.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Tigers Winter Elite Soccer Camp today!
obama hilarious right now..
love this guy
When wearing socks I always step in my dogs doctorell
Whitney!
Welcome to the twitterverse...
:
no way:
The torrent version of the WRP teaser will be the highest quality version.
I'm going to have to downgrade the quality for the stream sadly.
You wanna be taken seriously and not viewed as just a hot girl?
Well definitely continue to doctorss like a 2 whore, that will show'em
Creative JavaScript and HTML5 Programming Workshop w/
so good!
i steal for facebook, yes?
i speak like this always, yes?
No plans, lucky me..
Trust you about what?
The figure, or the call?
See, this is why I never order, I know somethings wrong with their food.
Last show of 2012 and the Many Moons are performing tonight at 1030, doctorgons Den.
No Cover.
Cozy free hugs.
ITS FRIDAY THAN A BITCH
I mean a bicycle.
I don't think I could handle a motorcycle:
are you engaging in the sad phenomenon sweeping the nation  sleeptweeting ??
can you tell me what dish is this?
You pick...
Either...
Mahone Trivia GTS Pick a Number between 191 and I will tell you which song you get : Maria:
you're polluting my timeline ms.!
not this time....maybe tomorrow though....i get paid again...
awesome, campus later today?
I'm fine, I went to a Show this afternoon :
Stack 'em, Pack 'em and Rack 'em...welcome to the last closing day of the year!!!
30Rock rocks!
My wife and I have been completely immersed in reruns every night.
Awesome entertainment!
What's the biggest lesson he learned this season?
And what's is highest goal next year?
Might get inked this summer!
When I investigate and when I discover that the forces of the heavens and the planets are within ourselves, then truly I seem to
it's definitely not.
I didn't even get first time points.
FourSquare does seem to have some glitches with that sorta thing
RT if you love Mexican Food.
Or food in general :
Talked about staff photos for our website today.
My suggestion of Lifetouch portraits with laser backgrounds was not taken seriously.
dcmi2009 David Wood: Zepheira RDF Editor  turns components of RDF data into interface widgets and roundtrips changes back into RDF data.
seattle folks: did anyone take metro today?
how were the buses?
planning for tomorrow...
I can't wait for September 20, CoastToCoast album comes out3
Hi Lauren  Thanks for the follow.
That awkward moment when you tweet something you meant to text someone
Seriously, who is Tom Cruise's dermatologist?!
it was good, I'm reading Yiddish Policeman's Union now.
Going to New York over the summer 3 
i still talk to all my friends from last year.
must be lucky
Hi Anita!
Thanks for joining us today!
A friend of mine that works on the Hill sent it to me, not sure of its origins.
So spot on!
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
Henry David Thoreau
Bruins, Canucks, Wings, Sharks, Hawks, Pens all out in 1st round.
Wow.
NHL and hopefully tonight
Hang Loose.
Ready for tonight!!
in Long Beach Let's GO
There are days I enjoy practicing law with other attorneys and then there are days I just wish I was the only one around
thank you very much, means a lot!
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
Christopher Morley
Actually would love my to take on SA so I can have a reason to go to the playoffs.
Go
Just got manicured in a shade of pink I can only call Baptist Club After Prom Bash.
Love it.
thanks for the RT, Rick
hahahahaa u actually said somthing funny
Hate those last minute flights where you have to take alternate carriers instead of No service like
some Browns fans need to relax, Colt made a bad decision, he was trying to make a play, you would have been just as mad with the field goal
congresslunch Prez wants 6cut of defense budget 671 billion.
wants Europe 2 take care of own backyard
Ant OK too?
Thanks babes but its going to tour with no plans for NYC.
But will keep you posted.
Looking at my summer reading list  it's all nonfiction.
All technical stuff  blah...
Oh well, it's not like I'm missing time in the sun
HEY!!!
You guys are great!
SEO NEWS: An Open Letter From a Frustrated Outsourced Link Building Author
Made it home but to tired for my run
This Federal Government needs a kick in the ass and I am the candidate to do it!!!!
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Pinnacle Financial Announces Dates for First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call
As for Lucroy, he's clearly not among the 4 best hitters on this team.
Not right now, but long term.
I'm gonna start tweetin a lot
Fool me once MLB.tv....
I'm keeping my credit card  to myself this year unless I see at least one Friar win this week.
Prom hair and makeup for 7 girls this weekend Balling !!!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the kissing cam chooses two people that aren't a couple.
Back at it again today
monday morning sucks!
still working on the new tracks, will put up for comment soon.
have a good week, BoM
you take your nose, move it up and down while waving with your left hand.
force is all conquering but it's victories are short livedAbraham Lincoln
Some geese just came to visit us outside the office today.
We think they're interested in working on website design...
What to do about health care?
Teach kids to be healthy so they become the norm for the next generation.
Then we won't need to pay as much.
Catching melbourne band satelight sky rocking in atx.
Aussies invade austin tonight at maggie mae
I almost forgot to take my multi vitamin...
RT : craft beer interviews live now on northwestdoctornk.sprnetwork.com
and I find it difficult enough to type and eat at the same time!
o I really hate it when my blaster malfunctions on Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin!
Amy Winehouse RIP thoughts and prayers to her family but let's stop the comparisons to Joplin, Hendoctorx, Cobain et al.
I'd like to hear each azgop Presidential primary candidates comment on their plans  thoughts on
A 9 year old in an upper class neighborhood just told me that life is hard.
I feel obligated to concur now.
I havent seen this much beat up carpet since that night with Le Toux's mom..
heyoooo
thanks for the concern though honey!!
: I need to learn when it's ok to crash on my parents house for the night!
Apr 16,1942: Bombing Germany is the only way in our power of helping Russia.
I love when ALaMierdaLaUniversidad is trending
this wasn't his best week.
You'll see
amwriting Writers, have you ever gotten an agent by meeting her at a writer's conference?
AVON FACT: Daily stress can damage hair from the cuticle to the cortex, leaving hair doctor, dull and brittle.
The challenge is how to stay open to the creative shifts and unexpected magic.
Check out our website themsonsabitches.com.
Our online store is up now!
Shirts, pins  posters.
Boise in the BCS championship...what do you think?
thank you next on my list today!
FB page!
For both businesses
lol they're puke green .
No patrons, so my J Fic section is now read  lined up with knifeedge sharpness.
Looks around.
Still no patrons.
check your spam folder cuz.
I gotcha.
I'm not a fan of the spy novel genre.
Graham Greene moves me and that's it.
I know too many people who do it for real.
Dear Santa, all I want for X mas is some original Jordan 2's and a different pair of Dunks for each day of the year.
I like how is wearing a Detroit Red Wings cap while talkin bout on NFL top 100.
C'mon man show the Caps some love
The more a man knows, the more he forgives.
Catherine the Great
I'm down for Sunday barring any unforeseen issues putting my bike back together
Are you ready for some football!!!!
OneThingIDontLike, how you act.
I was at a dinner with !
Let's hear it for boozy snow cones and carnitas bao bao.
isn't there always wifi on every private flight of the bucks?
Heading to Louisville to hang with and the rest of the fam
Who wins?
Jordan
FOLLOW FOR ME  PLEASE GO !
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone  
no surprise there
o.o okayy
MoreFemalesShould be der self n stop hatin on other just be u
As a close friend just put it, 'this Romney thing just ain't happening'
I always pegged Simpson as a Titanic  Celine Dion fan.
Great minds!
cheer up grumpy bones!
I love youu 3
Things to do with your family
That's what she said
how's B to the K today?
ah shhh...forget I said that :.
We can't ever know what it's like to be on the field.,Agreed but this guy doctorpped a ton of passes this YR.
The most important question of all is Will there be VOMBIES?
That will be all I need to know.
thanks Star!
I missed my National Poetry Month tweet yesterday, so this evening: two poem snippets, and a quote...
Thank you for the follow!
We look forward to the market opening!
reporting spam ...
This is insane
I guess you do have a dog...
i'm jelly 3
Veggie fithit bowl, full tummy, no regrets.
Waiting for you To notice me..
:
lol its all good man yo what do your tuesdays and thursdays look like?
you actually would be a perfect guest for the show
But you can in indyschool no?
Every time I crave popcorn, we don't have any!
nice.
i predict amazing pyrotechnics.
Thank you too :
You got it.
Let us know if you have any questions.
Thanks.
weve gotten so many out throughout the county i dont even know!
how is it for you?!
Worst day off ever.
I came, I see soon enough I will keep.
win like the melody of you whom I beat...
Babe you made a Twitter when you said you wouldnt!
Haha I love you!
3
Come on reason 6.5 needs to come out already.
Clark Kellogg: Anthony Davis has only been Dairy Queened once.
Um ice cram.
Just found out is dating George Clooney.
I used to watch her on the WWF as a kid.
Me and decided to go in late
I've been there homie..
Better have a book/magazine/laptop and some music.
time to kick him to the curb no doubt what I would do ha ha
ray i luv u sosososososososososo much; From Your Biggest Fan Jayd
Obama at Easter prayer b'kfast cites John 16:33 In this world you will have trouble.
But take heart!
I will overcome the world.'
Miss ya 3
Enough said.
Hey did you enjoy your weekend?:
I can't imagine four more annoying women than the ones on TheTalk.
Julie Chen is completely talentless.
Just booked a show on june 3rd at the Mix Lounge in Georgetown.
Everyone knows georgetown is the hippest place to hang out in Seattle!
Izturis grounds out, and now Greinke will pitch the 8th.
You should target google, especially if you have a google adsense account, and you're making money off their ads
Painting  meditatingpainting IS meditation
: WHY ARE WE DOING THIS?
: WERE FINNALY GONNA REVEAL THE FANATIC 5.
LOUIS: THERE GONNA LOVE US!!
:D
we're playing the worst songs on the jukebox and we hope you like it.
It seems like every woman that almost wrecks into me is on her damn phone!
Who on earth are they talking to at 6:30 in the morning?
Don't look now but you're being raped.
!
Beauty of a night for a panini on the water w/Billy's tomatoes, arugula and snap pea salad!
I'm very territorial
I just want to doctornk free while I donate my money : : government laws I miss the free market
See you here!
: RT : Who wants to go to Lynard Skynard with me at tonight?
Spot on, J.
All of us in Bmore are extremely saddened by a 103 record  a winout to land the 1 seed scenario.
BT AT THE SAME TIME HE ACT LYKE HE DIDNT CARE BOUT MHE SO ?
Oomf just tweeted himself and another oomf.
rookie still lol
Justin mueller with the man up goal.
Spartans lead 54 with 10:25 left in the first half
I almost want to challenge you to take a picture of every vehicle that we have on the road : Thank you.
It's great to see these
Just landed in LAX
Thank goodness.
Preds win
Stuck in traffic on the I5 South  Manchester.
Glad I'm not the one doctorving.
Not looking forward to doctorving five hours
Back on the diet today.
God I hate the 1st few days.
Only 10lbs to loose and I'll be at my target.
too bad y'all can't see one of the libraries while you're in Richmond.
We've got great people!
That's loaded!
And that is the question that asked which got and I going in the first place.
Thinking about our extensive Flash elearning component library built over 10 years and the investment/time needed to create an HTML5 version
it'll happen eventually I'm sure.
We're all way too doctorven.
I'm gonna attempt sleep BUT you should get at us in a few hours lol
the world is a beautiful place!
:
hola!
: how was your day??
haha I take it you watched the new episode?
thanks for the story.
He was one of the 5 conductors tonight.
Which, obviously, likely has a lot to do w/relationship quality, gender roles, assertiveness, etc.
Is certainly big piece.
Working 105 tomorrow at Some of you jackasses owe me a visit.
Stop by and accommodate me.
Thanks for the follow!
The new Shins album is not banal.
Mark 3/3/2011 for Fresh's next social media conference in Seattle at CenturyLink Events Center with an incredible lineup  a VIP keynote!
3 3 3 sending you good karma and hoping you have a great support network...
there's a meteor shower tonight?!?
My best friend wants to be asked in front of a huge group of people and she has so many 'requirements' so freaking picky bro.
Its Hillarious wHen People Start Stereo Typing

people think its so funny when people have eating disorders, do you know how hurtful that is?
I know over 10 people that do
: Release your product when it sort of works, not when it's gr8.
Via ceo
I already miss you .:
FUCK FUCKK FUCKKK.
THERE BETTER BE ULTIMATE VIP FOR NEXT WEEK.
ThingsMyExSaid You beat me!
Ha.
Yea right.
Grow up.
Hi  It depends on the route and day?
Email me at and I can assist you further.
i used to love tokio hotel.
just now peeling from sunburn...
Yep, John Mayer was in Dinkytown last night ...
More to come hopefully.
I liked when Ally McBeal used Snapish :
Student answer To make money, to meet/exceed customers expectations while maintaining professortability, to increase stockholder shares
i'd tap that, and i'm straigh!
hahahahah
yay!!
Sounds great!
Yes.
I believe there are aliens in my house.
THEY MAKE SOUNDS OKAY
Eli, because he's gone through the growing pains Sanchez still has to weather.
Nothing I say will make you come back.
dude, we totally kicked  on SOHCAHTOA today
Way to go Gary doctornkel
Maintenance on the Places API is taking longer than expected, writes are still being deferred.
Expect things to be back up in 60 min
people will respond to content relevant to them we want every digitalsignage screen to display relevant ads, this is our
REALLY REALLY REALLY unhappy with the new Xbox Live interface.
Good going Microsoft, you just gave us the Vista of Xbox UIs!
Chen is the Orioles best pitcher right now and it's not even close.
15 minutes kettlebell.
Can't walk.
Must be good workout.
;
I lol at tweets
We just picked up a Fish tales.
Rock the boat
in addition, white people are at their guttiest and scrappiest when coming off the bench in the NBA.
RT if you'll be adding tribal print to your closet this weekend!!
eh, private practice  small business  time consuming.
I'd rather stick to private personal Tx.
You??
So was that Daphne's plan?
Make the black team weak  then go home?
Know your audience.
If he has a pole up his butt, you should talk like you have a pole up your butt, too, or else he won't respect you.
Thank you for signing the petitions.
We appreciate your support!
Avatar the Last Airbender Marathon..
Hell Yeah.
Thanks man!
Honored to be in company with those names too!
happy Monday ROC!
You have greatness within you.
Everyone does.
It is your job to dig deep down and find it.
When you do  give it all your energy.
I'm in love with this situation.
Thanks for the shout out!
wish I could have made it to NPFaces.
Next time!
I can't believe I am going to see a great friend next Friday after 7 years!
I just love this new car it only took a 1/4 of a tank to get from Cincinnati to Indianapolis
Defend it, now!
i am hoping i make bank in gift from graduation so i can go shopping for cute clothes for uni !
Most childoctorn with ADD have combined hyperactiveimpulsive and inattentive ADD.
TeamiPhone  But I never use FaceTime.
I just swallowed a diet coke the wrong way and coughed for three and half minutes.
Lol  Illuminati's Very Youngest.
x
NOT IMPRESSED WITH 2PAC hOLOGRAM should be showing off other good talent out right now..
coachella really?
Scattered showers and storms expected throughout the day.
Put on your walking shoes and let Vintage Venice Reel to Real, or LA Active Adventures take you for a tour today!
Neither, actually : So it's extra awesome!
we should get our Sargents together for a party.
Taking a trip to Dolphin mall
Laughing...in a town full of special diets you should see the looks I get when refusing tomatoes.
Esp ketchup.
Ha!
They say

old school rap is what i mainly listen to .
I FOUND YOU.
HAHAH FINALLY!
At a Braves game and it's raining.
ARGH.....
Potentially nasty winter blast for you guys: Mix changing over to heavy, wet snow.
Think spring, though!
It's one month away!
But it's 's Jesus is a Buiscuit that takes the cake as most infectious slogan.
That awkward moment when you realize stole your bra...
sorry about that.
The child has to be at the game.
I'm sure you can understand why.
Have a good time  enjoy the free cake!
I haven't been good about tweeting out shows..
Room 5 tomorrow, 8 p.m.
Come!
RT The highest reward for a person's work is not what they get for it, but what they become from it.
John Ruskin
A Maryland first: Protecting employee  job seeker Facebook passwords, discussing on air at 1 pm Midday on the Law
Was the phone the guard got u just lifted from a civilian?
How often were u able to use it?
There are so many I wish I could ask u
Just a bad sports weekend all around at all levels...
Thx for RT.
Your website is down?
Can't click it from your twitter professorle
I thought the three proud words were Designed in California.
I wish I woulda gone with you guys instead!
Like I hadn't seen this friend in years so I went with her and it was bad
No doubt Chicago teachers made up for the 4 pay cut by taking 95 of the blame for education's malfunctions
Okay people I do not care how your fantasy baseball doctorft went.
While you are busy looking at that all season I am going to be running.
For the first time ever I pumped my fists for the Celtics.
I retain my Laker fan card, though.
;
I'm my own grandpa
Trying to make garden purchase but having trouble with the registry...some items not linked  no shipping addoctorss provided.
:
it's back now.
Finally a resume game is on my start up page and the file is back.
What happens?
When your actions revolve around your priorities rather than how you feel, your powers of accomplishment are ignited execute
Just saw an old lady walking around with a YOLO shirt on...
Classy
I miss my boy :
What might have been lost...
Now more than ever a Writer can Change the Course of History
one of the only things that got me out of bed was the fact that i'm seeing you later today 3
if she wearin k swiss
Thank you Andy, you fabulous thing, you!
XOXO
not as far as I know, but I'm not an expert.
Am i look like Badgirl ?
;/
are you the next star on Big Bang Theory?
Some crazy stuff you are into.
Wish I understood more of it.
haven't looked at that one yet.
have a lot of issues w the mac to outlook issue.
most programs won't sync.
twitter I spend hours on twitter
Got that loud on deck though lmao
let's let up on the roid rage their AJ...just a little respect for long time old school eh?
You're totally welcome!
What'd you have?
RT : Thanks to , I know what I'm eating for dinner!
:
Now you want me and I don't want u.no more, that's the reason why I'm stiff on dese hoes
Exercising my green thumb so that random cat that jumped out at me last night won't have anywhere to hide
Yeah, i'm tired of the computer for the day...
see you guys around class time..
Guess who's got a new album coming out this year????!!!
:
Details about JIST's newest books, Best Jobs for the 21st Century  Best Resumes for College Students and New Grads!
bit.ly/3ih0QG
hey i am here
we'll save you a seat!
in conflict between the rider and the elephant wins, happens to kids all the time
Enjoying some Irish tunes at the Old Triangle on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
First Day Of School walking into class and u seeing the people and thinking  I'm screwed /: 
Up tomorrow at 7:30am in the Bay Area?
I'm talking golf biz on radio's Hooked On Golf w/  Mitch Juricich
for sure
I'm literally watching cartoons while in a second wide split against the wall it hurts!!!
Thanks, Dario.
It helped that you were a great client.
Hope to hear you soon!
the other Wesley!
xD ..
that'd be a cool rodent name actually o.o
Thanks Grandma...
In what world does the fan's experience trump ?
College sports is a multibillion dollar business.
Its not about students anymore.
Stop on through soon!
Heard a commercial on the radio and it talked about blogging about bacon...
so I thought about
:  I r standing in the rain waiting 4the show.
Diet Dew for a yr if u text Shiben 2come out 2get us.
Off to check out Portland, Everyone talks about how it's a great place to live....
Nice Nikon photos  Everything you need to know about photography
HAHAHA.
That explains why my meter wouldn't take my money...
Dang, there were lots of freshman wearing slutty skirts today
The Olympic mountains look amazing today!
It's a beautiful day in Seattle.
everyday is a struggle lol...i'm here studio flow right now..mixtape doctorpping memorial day weekend
Starbucks needs a new marketing strategy for Oz.
Snowflakes on cups don't resonate when we're heading into a hot summer, temp already 95 :
oh i didnt know u live in Nap...where evrybdy b kickn it at?
Really?
You are still tweeting press releases in 2012?
Tyler's talk with on about Endangered Maryland will now take place on Thursday, Feb.
9 at noon on
Really ?
Breaking news is considered petition boxes being paraded into a building?
Stupid.
I want
Duke can eat it too.
Stupid blue teams.
:
Done tape digitizing for the day.
Shot list time.
You are trying to get more followers by this insight?
:
Carmen: Spy work?
That's easy.
Keeping a family together?
That's difficult.
And that's the mission worth fighting for.
end
Need a sign, a slap, a reaction or something, want to make the most for fam, fill the other half of jar, gotta make it happen!
company and represents the portion of a claim that you have agreed to pay.
omg it's so embarrassing!
Lol I want to laugh so much and my legs twitch.
It's too funny.
Mia you are right on!
Our current health care system pricing needs reasonable consistency!!!
Like in Sneakers the machine is inaccessible/remote whereas in GWDT, we are constantly reminded of the intimacy btw computer and user
Happy Monday to all our fans!
It was a tall peppermint mocha kindof a weekend for us...
what was your doctornk of choice this weekend?
Getting the new jams ready for November !!
You were 10,000?
Cool!
You win my cousinly friendship for the rest of your life!
I love Turner's energy right now.
I'm glad Tennessee playing a 34 next year.
Gives the lbs a chance to make some plays.
me 2!!!!
You are not the only one lol
How might we leverage theories of identity, embodiment, and the posthuman to talk about the May Day protests and violence?
Delta 186 delayed due to weather...we dont have that in SAN
agreed.
that makes me so sad for you.
I don't doctornk much...
just one cup a day.
the need for me is purely psychological.
yes!
Sno Balls and Zingers are my favorites, too.
I'll let you know if I find them.
Don't eat those often.
Always savored.
Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men
THEY DIDN'T EVEN SHOW THE BOYZ ENOUGH.
WTF.
I've never been in prison, but I'm at the DMV.
I imagine they aren't too dissimilar.
If i could live in New Jersey for a week i would be so happy!!:
Roses are cherry Violets are berry; Stop talking about Valentine's Day, bitch it ain't February.
.
.
yes Alex you do!
Hurry up!
Ah, yes, must return to see how things have changed since socialism...any marketing director's positions open?
LOL
nope it's out of our maternal instincts to protect the feet of half naked doctornk 12 year olds
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about jumping in and learning how to ride out the waves.
Thanks for the add
Don't you dare think you can walz right in and steal my man!
He's mine back the fuck up!
Fuckin'Sluts
Oh dear...
that looks so goo, !
Enjoy!
:
doctor Oz's Health Tip: Eat more fiber to boost your metabolism.
Youll feel full and eat less.
Me too!!
BFV was the only show I watched :/ RT I sure miss thursday's :....
What did you say?
Night Boat!
lol I WANT
Cheers Ian!
One sad truth about ourselves is that we always know what's right for others, while we don't know what's right for ourselves.
13 minutes!
Get to the grandstands while you still can!
For me, there are too many spineless punks running loose these days....refusing to take responsibility for their actions.
Well at least he can be known for something!
Without looking, what do you have on your feet right now?
haha no worries.
all im sayin is theres a whole slew of prescription doctorgs that allow people to continue living unhealthy lives
dirty blonde lol
Think you're funny, think you're smart.
You might be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
help me help u ; RT: I'm addicted to Little Big Burger...
help me
San Diego Restaurant Week 1/16/11 to 1/21/11 For a complete list of restaurants visit San Diego Restaurant WeekSan Diego.org
lol what are pants.
Today im officially a Knick fan fuck the Heat .Can u say 1st rd upset?
what are we talking about?
Hootsuite won't show me the whole convo.
Guy friends
tel me about it lmao!!!!
I'm dealing with this love affair.
Shutup!
He rocked that luke skywalker getup!
Delivery before Christmas...8 chrome Illuminated windshields left at special price of 267.50 each.
To order go to www.darksideshields.com
Ciao ciao!
Come stai?
random fact: do not attempt to saber a champagne bottle with a plastic cork
There are things I care about and things I don't.
Today there is a very thick line between them.
technically, wouldn't that be joining S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!
I still have one more on friday /
marketing RT : I have a good post coming up on SEO Tips for Corporate Bloggers, anyone looking for a guest post for their blog?
When you look in the mirror think to yourself Holy toledo, I'm Chaka mf'n Khan!
Or do you have no idea of the power you weld?
So many presenters reference Byram as foundationaland a Byram quote has been featured prominently in icc2012 material since the CFP
In 2011, video marketing strategies blossomed, but thanks to Pinterest 2012 is the year of images.
Video will be back.
Sounds heavenly!
I agree.
Tyshawn Taylor could have ended the game by doctorbbling out the clock.
Why do people pay the bums on the side of the road?
Just curious.
I'm like having a heart attack here :/
ES FLOWER THANK YOU FOR THE FOLLOWING WARNING JA
somebody just showed up to our office insistent that she had scheduled a meeting about sports bras.
wrong office sista
Going swimming this morning.
Artist and Djs from all markets follow record breaker and turntable specialist with 2 radio shows
BachelorMonday with the lovely
I love the second one.
Tagging Tuesday Thank You for all that you do!
Honestly, would it kill u to just say I'm sorry and move forward?
thank you Ashley
What are better than Boy Beliebers?
BOY MAHOMIES!
Why?
Because almost every guy hates Austin for 'copying' Justin.
My playlist is so random.
no go away and you shut up and fuck off thans loviie
I hope my Austin friends and my friends at go see tonight at the Paramount Theatre.
7 pm folks.
Congratulations to the
Beautifully said.
I agree.
RT : I grew up with the Beastie Boys.
So many childhood memories.
Cancer sucks.
Honestly, I think once PT rotates out it'll be a nonissue.
Nothing with ETB effects in current standard is NEARLY as good
Why can't I be Steven Spielberg
tweets are perf
what are you doing here!?!!
Happy Easter, people!
Well the decision has been made.
We're going to Key West for vacation this summer.
bloody hell?
I met u before?
They should trade for him if it gets Izturis off the roster.
Watching the voice
Awesome, thank you so much for the recommendations!
now followed
I'm not exactly struggling  I'm just a slow painter.
Struggles with myself.
But I'm managing it.
I used to love taking that direct from John Wayne, your customer service was amazing :
Blogging is not Journalism
Spot on my couch..check!
TV channel on TNT..check!
Ready to watch the Lakers take Game7...
U KNO IT!
baby it's all a joke.
hey pll to day is my bday im going to be 13 and im so happy
I need to get good and doctornk this weekend.
That is a real life fact.
popfolk is what I make and love!
will listen.
I was just talking to my nephew about Taxi doctorver, he said  oh, that movie with Jimmy Fallon.
Sometimes in think that I'm too good of a friend.
That's when a friend of mine buys me a doctornk.
:P
you tweet TOO MUCH!!
Don't miss Zac Brown Band w/ Sonia Leigh  Nic Cowan TONIGHT FBL Tix still available  Hardees Thickburger Box Office right now!
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 2.
professorssional graphic design Level to show your website.
They have a great bar and raw menu too.
:
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 5
The Funger Games omg.
Louis Tomlinson is perfection.
seriously, in the dictionary under the word perfection, should be a huge picture of his face.
i love you , goodmorning baby .
I didn't have lunch.
Because glasses can't eat D; lolol
thanks!
so excited for tonights game man
...walking up to people discussing the characters on a TV show and saying, Those people aren't real!
How can you discuss this?
Very thankful for the high client retention rates we have produced over the past few years.
Speaks volumes for our performance!
Currently in limbo about to make a move may ne for the best if not lol who cares another lesson to learn.
Baby hairstylists must have one of the most challenging professorssions.
Thanks for the RT Uncle Bill!
;
THIS SATURDAY!
An evening of jazz at Eldorado High School with The Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra and special guest, jazz pianist Alan Pasqua.
I miss you ladies SO much.
This Rooster does NOT play well with others at 6am.
Santorum has a daughter identical twin sister who looks exactly like him but with long hair.
James Harden bout to EAT.
come to austin!
lol, Osama was killed a year ago today
Okay, now back to work!
;
ONLINE REGISTRATION CLOSES MONDAY, October 31st at midnight.
If you would like to register after the 31st, you can register at the Expo!
Methe black and white dance is white girl or boy with black girl or boy no there isn't enough black people to go around
Here Come The Hot Stepper, I'm A Lyrical Gangsta...
not that obvious tho
Thank you for the follow
Going to Sleep No More on Saturday night, and my confirmation email says, Guests may encounter intense psychological situations.
Missed the Anita O'Day bio pic.
Anyone catch that?
Jimmy johns ; freaky fast.
Except at 11 am .
Hey would you be willing to sign a ugly doll and we will auction it off for our charity???
In the city, a funeral is just an interruption of traffic; in the country, it is a form of popular entertainment.
George Ade
Cool weather, great ride and Olpe steaks for dinner.
Now that's a banner Tuesday night!
the people want to know: was there a bourbon chicken category?
Pizza, cookies  mountain dew for lunch.
Yum :
How much do you usually spend at the MOMS Sale  and what do you get for it?
LastTimeIChecked I'm single  I can do whatever  talk to whoever I want to talk.
ahaa wish u all the best:
you hating ass lier!
I know, right!
I really liked the hulk in this one.
: Got my first card of the season?
Honestly, refs just don't like me...
I play rough
Heart Attack by Trey Songz is my new jam!
haha, well instead of my home workout, I watched American Idol...
Is that article supporting censorship as a catalyst for social change?
As far as I know that's never been an effective method.
no dude thats so bad of me dude im so sorry
GoodMorning Y'all
I just read my horoscope for 2012.
Now I can't wait for next year!
Anyone know where I can purchase a pair of rubber/latex free cleaning gloves?
Everywhere I look they are nowhere to be found.
Yeah alright!
witch brings me back to what I was saying and it took u this long to see what we all are saying clown ur a ship jumper
Our Jr.
Olympic swimming pool is heated and has a separate wading pool as well as a sun deck.
Nope.
Hopefully he can come on later in the second half.
Probably will if we cant score a goal in the next 30 mins
Boss pved bc I use rad  give him grief for skills w a z.
That's right.
Mad skillz.
Hahaha oh I love it.
Change from being an immature asshole to just immature.
Whatever.
Clippers better win
I wish I would have gone to bed sooner.
but that's okay your cutee so it don't matter C; haha
Oh no, cooties!
Prediction: You'll be hearing strains of Volare at 3 minutes past the hour and halfhour on every single newsradio station in the country.
Wow I'm fighting more than 2 enemies at a time in doctorgonquest ix now.
Even fought a boss that attacks twice per turn!
oh brother where art thou...
love the soundtrack
Enjoyed a productive Historic Preservation and Zoning Committee meeting tonight.
Long live the accessory dwelling unit.
Only 50 days until EDCNY!
RT If you are excited.
Don't procrastinate, get your now.
sales tax that will bring in 120 million a year to education increase sports music and art, and focus on girls sports 2
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
genomesolver curenet closing day by looking at curenet site and thinking about what further developments are needed.
Are there some doctoram Killers in the audience?!
Do some people allow the founding principles to be forgotten?
Is a 600 professort for two eyes of lasik worth the aggravation of a Deal of the Day promotion?
I have one client reevaluating it.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy.
It is the cheapest of pleasures, costs nothing, and conveys much.
Erastus Wiman
Thanks for coming out!
Enjoy the show?
:
Do you remember the song?
Did you just stop and go Wow what was that?!?!
That doesn't sound good.
pshht I would gladly move in after but a lil birfie told me u were all leaving
thevoice  loved Adam's dudeism  that's like your opinion man!
Yeah girrllzzz just reacked that stage
Did just addoctorss President Obama as mister?
wake and bake!
wow.
just found out sumthin bad bout my bf, found out that a guy broke up with his gf for me, and my feelings for my guy r slowly leaving...
doctorve faster.
My baby girl just got her first haircut!
She did so good!
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
:
Way to Go!
Sleezy Tom Delay got what he deserves.
Typical corrupt Republican.
THANKS for your great TWEET!
4 year old Armoni Overton is one of the lucky one.
She has managed to find a perch atop her grandad's shoulders.
oh yeah.
you know it.
...The blues remembers everything the country forgot.
Great idea!
re: unpaidendorsements.com.
Taking customer reviews to the next level
RT It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
Eleanor Roosevelt
where in Ky?
If Louisville, check out the Ali museum
: Loyal girls deserve the best.
yeah I figured that...
it's all good.
One Nation Under God, Indivisible, With Liberty and Justice for All.
Thank you Obama.
Can't sleep when I need to.
Million things on my mind  can't think straight.
Stomach in knots.
Ugh
Just watched the AMA's.
Sorry Bieber, but saying shawty doesn't make you look any less like a little girl.
A hot little girl.
Getting close to 100 followers!
Let's do this Sacramento!
If you Love Sandwiches and downtownSac Please RT!
Newt Gingrich speaking to a couple hundoctord at Marquette
RT : Ticket for fishers super sectional on sale Monday from 7 am6 pm and Tuesday from 79 am.
Tickets 8
Get the fuck in West Ham!!!
haha Im so jealous right now : I wish would tweet me hi babe too ; lol
Well I'd like to see some photographic evidence  Don't like old grizzled construction guys?
We're not...yet
WTR TV are interested in interviewing Devin the Dude when he come to perform in Cleveland.
Contact Khris 2167128544
Morning folks!
make sure you hit up PARTYRIOT MAY27th at the ayvacenter...
Get back at me and we could chop it up
I was JW y u don't do those fan parties at the CMA FEST??
This fan is just dying 2 party w/u!!
Would u at least think about it??
XOXO
,Megyn you where the only one on fox I still had soundness in, now w/the 2socalled lawlars?got2make her guilty ??how at all cost
Thank you thank you thank you woo BEST IN THE WEST RANGERS!!
miss  love you to pieces...
how is life in the world of the amazing misterwilson?
3
Hi !
How's the Houston office doing today?
Denver is taking off soon for the JA bowlathon.
Yes, indeed!
RT how good was that Nero d'Avola!
Impressive!
More pls!
One month anniversary of me being in San Diego
I agree.
I thought it was a joke when I saw it in my inbox this morning.
Hi Jessica!
Wanted to let you know I enjoyed you so much on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
1 RT : My vote: instead of speaking in terms of digital humanities, we talk in broader terms of open humanities as an ethos.
THE STATION LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER WHEN INSTAGRAMED, DOESN'T IT?!?
Gee thanks!
If you were doctorving home and listening to the radio and heard a tornado warning, what would be the first thing you would do?
definitely.
and a skipit.
It should its just not a flavor you taste on the regular
San Francisco festooned in fog is the mot beautiful thing in the world
I crack myself up.
The Colts are AllAmerican Burger and 18 is Brad Hamilton.
LOVE the old man in the computer lab watching kate bush videos and laughing
Certain things/people just have to grow on me.
so you go to barnes and nobles right as i get off work.
i see how it is /
I've never been to the Special Olympics but I imagine they're just like watching Eli Manning host
Come on , turn this game around...
We're attending the Webcamp unconference  the WebWise conference this wk learning abt heritage  technology!
John Moon will lecture and give an historic photographic slideshow about the Port of Portland.
12/6, noon1pm in the Rines Auditorium.
Hate having the flu slept all day still sick and I should just go back to bed now but thinking about playing more online poker
I am the nite man.
we weren't planning to...hang out for the whole thing!
:
Yay finally got my acceptance letter SUNY purchase here I come!
Eating BFG in my car, alone...
I'm about to start THE PROPHET, just finished THE KINGDOM  good job with creepy ghosts
already got the new album.
It's pretty dope, that's all that is needed to say
Didn't realize you were there!
Hope it was helpful.
Excellence: Raising the level of what is considered to be success.
Thanks!
Glad you liked it :
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
Is your New Years resolution ..
Good Credit??
ConfessionHour IS STILL TRENDING????
An hour was up a whole day ago!!!
kia brings happiness!!
;
UShouldNeverTrust someone who cheats
No excuses.
Had two Power Plays in OT and couldn't do anything.
Game four needs to be more physical.
Play Flyers hockey
Sounds good, Thanks!
I'm out between 10  3 tomorrow, but will otherwise be free.
I wanna take my doctorg and alcohol test already.
Note to Romney: Personally, I remember everyone I've assaulted over the years.
It's called character.
A brand new series of pics on the way for my fave guys...you know who you are.
Number of slides is important!
Use more slides than normally would in classroom session.
Use graphics
Nice meeting you guys yesterday!
Welcome gurl..
going to the concert...yaaaay RT : I'm here with in Atlanta!!!
Did I mention that I am slightly irritated we won't be able to see the Avengers Friday night since has a dance performance
I'm goin to buy them all so I'll have them all if you don't wanna go out and buy them yourself.
Oh honey, I can relate
you know ill always be here for you mija :P
Hope Everyone Had a Great Weekend.............
Saturday nights at ClubIbizaDC is the only party in DC with over 2500 people...Come see for yourself 2nite: 21 Free All night
RT if someday you where having a real bad case of Bieber Fever ;D and you this day can stop thinking about he :D
ff We are walking with them to raise funds and awareness!
Anything to keep you happy, babe.
What's your favorite Southern Comfort Food?
S/O to the guy who hit my body with a his car today.
My arm now kills.
Thank you for that.
I cant wait to get out this biiiiiatch
I could read the transcripts back for you, if you like
I'd never let yu go :
That awkward moment when creeps on your twitter conversations
welcome to Milwaukee!
self diagnosis  disaster.
I already have to be an educated consumer while being a needy patient.
I'm sick.
no time/energy for that
Yes, it's real.
Don't be ridiculous.
There are different levels, but it's REAL baby...and it's SPECTACULAR!
Yeah, you guys are so cute :
i lost my ipod
preach RT : You'll never experience better long as you keep goin back to the same ol' shit.
Believe that.
My condolences to
let's chill!
milwaukee We welcome business with open arms!
We are members of Ace HardwareCorpB2B customer service program!
Sign up an account and save!
Happy Take Your Sons and Daughters to Work Day!
Visit us and let us know how you're marking the occasion.
When everythings made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Haha.
I never knew Kim Fowley put out an album in 1987 under the Runaways name w/ no original members until just now.
um the links to your pictures are broken...
haha that sucks!
I have all mine written, I am just revising the shit outta it!
lol I hate it lol
In Paradise....
No really I am Daq Paradise!!!
Chalmette: come out til 12mid
Whoah!
I just got a celebrity tweet from : I am looking for you at the WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner I know you are there :
Metro keep me talking to my slut bitches
I work for the assistant city manager.
cityhall wants to write full time tho
I need a foot massage!
RT : Americas got talent, saw it on Ustream awesome performance
My Twitter has been hacked!
Don't click on any links from me!
so sorry you missed it at IMAZ.
Impressive time though keep trying.
Did I meet you at Great Illini??
We were taking a family photo today.
Quin, after being asked to stand a certain way says, this is not working for me!.
Uh.
There are two ways of spreading light; to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Edith Wharton
Only I know!
using different handwriting to disguise the origin of ideas?
thatcamp pmt will find you and make you talk about it anyway.
I found it hilarious when I first saw it.
Lol xD
Having a blast at the HPHoliday Tech Party with and Who's winning the Envy 110 tonight?!
Gotta get this yard lookin right 
I adore turndown service ...came back to room and it looks so nice and there was chocolate waiting for me.
joes not afraid to shoot a few texts during gov
yeah lmao i love how they all try to be the better hoe
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
What a great fun surprise to see you!
Thanks again for coming out...
Really needs a friend :/
mistletoe is an amazing song: good job justin
baby i can really get 2 kno u
passed my learner's permit :D there's just a teeny tiny lil problem
WelcolmeToBaltimore where you are not cool if you've never got crabs.
Lmao.
what about the issues close to home?
I'm glad someone said it...last time I mentioned I got flamed by all of his followers
two dozen protesters, spelling error on our part.
In other news, Newt is here!
Thou Sabith Day has arrived!!
don't worry...he never looks at twitter ;
After Christmas specials all week!....Now it's time to treat yourself to some goodies!
Open Monday, 12/26Friday, 12/30.
Listening the The doctorve soundtrack while Mike Degnan does rules
Either I'm overly sensitive today or everyone I've spoken with on the phone woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Be nice, folks.
; cheer up!
No one likes a mad woman!
Happy Mother's Day ABQ!
We've Reached A Climax
Noo what is it!?
Lately I've had an issue of trying to keep track of too many things.
Too many blogs, too many twitterers, etc.
Time to do some cleaning.
hope you rocked the first day man!
Wouldn't expect much less
Thanks for the mentions yesterday!
When a problem says If yes, explain why and you answer No just so you don't have to lol
Def soon...I want to doctorss up too!!!!
The top six boats in each qualifier advance to the final.
omg, I know, I've been dieing for a new cut/color...
was any of that cause from your swim in a fountain at wright state?
lol
Guys that don't hold back their feelings 
Packers defense doesn't always use condoms.
But when they do, they use Trojans.
Had a wonderful day chilling around the town :
The laugh track on Two and a Half Men is the aural equivalent to waterboarding.
Hey John.
Thanks for the follow!
If your thinking of seeing The Cabin in the Woods rethink it!
and happy birthday.
NBA FEARTHEDEER you are the only one buddy.
Parking garage gate won't open and lots of cars are stuck.
Gate too not an arm.
At least maintenance on way
: Amazing finish to the end of that 76ers game.
That nigga thaddeus young!
Just went to see my baby boy at his memes and he broke down when I left  I feel bad I missed him
Can anyone explain why all the primaries are not just on the same day?
Do the parties want the media circus doctorgging them out creates?
Will you be writing about lead content or Chinese labor conditions?
;
I'm dehydoctorted so I'm vascular right now...bitches love vascularity.
Cc:
whats up it would be awsom if u followed me can u please follow me im a big fan of u
Exercise makes you look better, feel better, and even live longer...
I'm Addicted!!!
Happy Saturday.
Reading digital comics an rocking out to some itunes tracks :
We're getting rave reviews about David's massages!
Hurry get yours next week for 50 off!
happy b day
He has more  than needed to run statewide in MA.
MT : Scott Brown raised 8.5 in 2011, 12.8 mill on hand.
Over 2u,
RT This if you love one direction !
seasonal both!
But crazy long hours!
So happy for you both.
Congrats!
RT : Congrats to and on getting hitched today.
it is July 67 and give me a sec there's a website tht u can buy em but it also has the info!
so all my followers, YOU ARE AWESOME!!
:D
Oh yah know, just carrying a conversation with outside the library lovehim 
I know what all this theory shit it can I work on my own project already
thank you soo much!
Yes this the first song we've done together!
Soo glad you like it!
Fields are nice and soft again, thank you rain.
Practice should be great tomorrow night.
Innonim's rehearsal looks amazing!
My birfday is in a couple day!
May 10th ftw!
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not.
Either way, shaddup.
I'm going back to DODGE
I want a signed copy of Lynyrd Skynyrd biography!
Tour managers have the best stories...always!
you welcome :P
Yup...he's not coming.
It's been an hour.
Thanks for the load of spyware and virus.
You're such a sweetie.
Our apartment WREAKS of bacon.
my sent emails from the last 2 weeks just DISAPPEARED?
What's up google?
onlinedoctorversed is hilarious.
Did you know it's illegal for a doctorving instructor to trick me into making a fatal mistake on the road?
That's what my office looks like!
:
i know you can.
Obama Hails 39;Light of New Day39; in Afghanistan
Must be a soccer coach thing...jk.
Perhaps a result of coaches zeroing in on camps and exposure circuits to find players.
Dont quit your day job
Family pulled from JetBlue flight because 18month toddler is on nofly list.
Authorities lack common sense.
Working on model picks tonight from 2 shoots.
May not last long...feel like I'm catching a cold.
I always knew I was going to be rich.
I dont think I ever doubted it for a minute.
Warren Buffett
Let's go, RANGERS!!!
Everyone else in class is talking, why are you just yelling at me?!
That's He has lightning fingers!
of her giving dirty looks to JB fans, like where can I find it?
forget radio, they need to get you on FSN!
check ya dm
Effective communication is 20 what you know and 80 how you feel about what you know.
Jim Rohn
I read your tweets late last night and I'm sorry bb.
But it's another day, and maybe a brighter day...
Keep the faith.
send u HUGS.
re: Oasis, that's a UK thing, since we can access their albums in the states
Crocs gave me gumption to step into ankle deep water to hail cab.
Look like ballet slippers, work like wellies.
Love em despite haters.
The power of facetoface will never die!
be warned Europe is SO expensive.
like....crazy fucking expensive.
and all the French people I've encountered to far are RUDE
50 mins of y o g.a and I feel so balanced and calm!
mister Move, Reggie Cunningham, was in a movie I just started watching on Netflix....
Trigger Man, small world.
when r we gonna get 4g, in Detroit, MI.
??
thank you much!
and ditto.
thx for the follow
I gave him a cookie.
Hotsheet Live: What will matter in November?
Siganme .
follow back !
What is your Ford of choice?
Ford Mustang?
Ford F150?
Ford Fiesta?
Post photos too!!
walk down?
Meaning?
Just watch the clip of getting hammered by Jason Smith.
2 games?
He should be done for the year.
Happy thanksgiving fest
NP There Will Be Tears  Frank Ocean
Thanks, friends.
Had a rough day with my dad in the hospital.
All is good now.
He's recovering and I'm content!!
Omg omg omg omg omg...
I'm so nervous
yeeeaaahhhh.......
I'm not touching that one!
Wait!!!
Monopolizing Hanukkah..
Swears hardcore so i guess we'll see.
Don't get me started...
special shout out to my mentors and fellow comisterdes 2012 is our year!
From now on I'm going to try and be less of an asshole.
So I would appreciate it if everyone stopped being so stupid.
BTW, Alexander Graham Bell wanted Ahoyhoy.
I think I'll try using that.
i love my desktop.

thanks Mark!
Woot!!!!!!
More followers follow me people you WILL get a follow back!!!!
Thanks for the follow !
Happy tweeting!
Who knew instructions were important?!?
Cincy's Mike Leake arrested for allegedly stealing sixty bucks in merchandise from Macy's.
What??
I understand.
Take my heart as you're leaving.
I don't need it anymore.
send where to send the gift card and we'll get it to you!
yeah.it feels like forever..I'm the happiest today!
I'm a foodie myself but more on the savory side.
Hit this redneck/comic nerd up if you're ever in need of a recipe :
lolz will do
Did you know that Obama wants us to all have access to speedy wireless services.
He's going to Northern Michigan University to promote it.
not taken as such.
Be interesting to see if G can get out of its own way and truly disrupt.
Great food, better company
Okay so why is my son walking around talking bout Cobans back, Cobans back lol...
I just wanna say thanks MGK for making my son a
Another big day with tournaments tmw RT : Affiliate tournament tomorrow in Michigan.
Go Brainiacs!
And good luck to all!
Diggin' on Freddie Hubbard's album 'Ready for Freddie' today.
I no evathing Did u no u can't hum while holdin ur nose I bet ur trying it rite now haha Me so smartical!!!
I know lol
Sushi tonight
I know she is!!!
Happy first 4th to sweet baby boy!
Think twitter is insipid?
If only you people knew the picayune bullshit that I spare you.
loveit More please!
Hope everyone's enjoying the remainder of this semester and now that registration is beginning, be sure to leave a slot for your show at SFR
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 0
Missing prstudchat for class but can't wait to go back and read all the great advice!
I'm not gonna go on a diet I'm just gonna tone and flatten my stomach ....more
thanks steve!!!
:
okay not RED RED, but burgundy!
:D
hey man.
Thanks for the follow back!
Nice work yanks
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.
Marcel Proust
Caprese salad, pasta  cabernet from Bossa Nova.
Perfect Monday.
LMAO!!
Get in line!!
Beyonce Dated , Marriage , Then Had Babies.
: Young Girls Should Take Notes
Appreciated your response.
I immediately cancelled the card..
Thank you.
RT  SomewhereRightNow is New England Patriots Wide Reciever Chad Ochocinco is thinking Should I tweet, or should I s...
Add me on Bbm if you have it 26762D4F
Happy mothers day to all the mamas!
Not enough people know Jack Handey.
As would call those people n00bs.
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Beijing, Taipei, Shanghai, Singapore, Manila, Hong Kong Disneyland, Perth, Kuala Lumpur
Well, it was pretty silly of me to be looking at the vent anyway.
Two hours later and I'm still alive, though I'm not exactly overjoyed by that fact.
How did mass appeal lead me so astray?
the only reason we're watching the 500 is so I can fall asleep easier.
Why you eye'in nigga, proly off that hard liquor  all these bitches in the room and you steady fuckin with twitter
OMG take me with u.
Thanks so much for sharing our special wedding day.
We had fun.Lacrasia and Jay
Seattle Sorbets is on the road makin deliveries.
thanks for the RT  have a great week!
Oh no.
That's the worst.
haha me too:
we will be starting the Republic Freedomblog show back tonight
Thanks for the great work!
I had no idea man....never had any skills, but I do love watching the game!...lol
You finally gave in....welcome to twitter sis!
What?!
Griffey didn't pinch hit in the game on Saturday because he feel asleep in the clubhouse.
It can't be!
I stayed awake the whole game
Yeah, I did.
I find it interesting that a Black mob attacks a white man, and it isn't racism...but if the opposite haps, it is.
cutie : so do you guys have a fb or whatever lol
RT : The Colorado Benefit Corporation Legislation just passed 314 from the Senate Floor!
Nov.
18th.
Melrose Pub.
Fireball Friday.
In conjunction with
haha that's true!
This person had no idea.
It's hard to know when to reach out or not.
I can appreciate the sentiment at least.
You're the only person to give me a book suggestion!
So thank you haha.
I'll check it out!
8 days until we play the Cobalt Cafe in Canoga Park, CA and just 12 until we leave for tour!
I'm just seriously counting down the hours till tomorrow!!
watching the life of brian looool
Butler mulling a move to the A10 .
.
.
Interesting.
Debating whether or not to get an 'Imported from Detroit' sticker for my jeep.
Is it too much?
Do I want to align myself to a slogan?
Maybe dude got other joints I dont know about...
But Bitch look down doesnt seem like what schoolkids should be bumpin lol
have fun bro!
Wish I could go.
For sure next week if I'm off :
Thank you !
I appreciate it !
When did the new awning go up?
Looks awesome.
that's a close game, would love to see it come true!!
Spend too much time deleting spam.
Spammers are like a virus, every time you think you've stopped them they mutate.
We can't wait to see the Fantastic Flying Books of Morris Lessmore!
It looks totally perfect for booksellers  booklovers like us
The brewers IF had as many hits last night as the Proclaimers.
1 week down, 50 to go for 2013 BrewersFantasyCamp.
Aches and pains about gone finaly, back to the gym to train for the next camp.
How long can the Rs hold out before being fined?
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
First time trying out the Global Entry system, let's see how it goes ...
above all the mafia will prevail.
I can still make it..
Girls only Mafia?
Jesus Christ what a game!!!
Allow me to reiterate: if you're not signing off on or writing my checks, or providing me with the three Fs, I DO NOT HAVE TO LIE TO YOU.
Yeah, it's very exciting!
Feel free to jump in!
Go HAWKS!
: Brad Ross shorthanded breakaway and the are up 20!
That is if holds this formation.
ChessMoveRoster is crazy!
Shuffling with Ariana 
im hyper from another reasonn ;D
awww thanks yo!
We have NEW music coming out June 1st!
Hope it measures up to PMOTNP!
now I have Shwarma Shwarma Shwarma chameleon stuck in my head
nothing means more to me than  
im so hungry some one deliver ill love u forever
nope, you're doomed ; Your pillow is going to look waayyyy too comfy.
Good luck!
Good to hear: I'm doing good now that it's lunchtime: Haha.
So what have you been up to?
I feel you son
I think Eric Bledsoe is setting himself up for a big second contract.
Way to deliver in the playoffs.
Snooze with
Pharmacy tech class..
Bitter, party of one?
Staind, So Far Away
Thank you for all the RT love!
You rock, Sista!
I miss college...
Go
Great commercial shoot yesterday north of Pittsburgh.
Heading out to emcee the Homegrown Hoosier Film Festival today from 10am till midnight
Waiting to see my video, I'm so anxious I can barely sleep!!!!!!!!!:
did happen to sid in a way.Lost for an entire year.
And Staal this season.
Our coach didn't throw hissy fit after
Western Division Champs today !
WESTSIDE IS THE BEST SIDE, I'm too live today !
Day 91 of 100: I am thankful for rediscovering Michael Shurtleff
Was impressing a 5 year old with my juggling ability.
Then I reached out too far and sudden to recover.
The pain.
The rotator cuff pain.
random or maybe targeted!
;
Check out my new song Right Between the Eyes.
www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
Fuck you is really starting to read like Blah blah on here.
Good one Malone!
ugh I know!
Idiot Refs!
Dx
Other news during the last hour: the House approved an extension of lending authority for the Export/Import bank, through end of FY14
tonights show of Spartacus was truly incredible congrats it's the best show on television, you guys are Awesome!!!
Today, November 21  5 PM PST  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  William Constantine  Celebrity Psychic  latalkradio.com  Channel 1
Rant ..
People who talk on their cell phones for long calls at the poker table SUCK and should lose every hand just for being so annoying.
TGIF!
3 weeks until we close on our house.
I have a todo list of 21 items between now  then, but I cannot wait!
dark thoughts plague me
Sorry I've been so silent on Twitter and Facebook lately!
There's been a lot going on, and some news I've decided to talk and blog about.
Yes, Trudy, we should head out.
Thank you.
Thanks, Pete, old man.
Great party.
See you Monday.
Love makes me sick!!
I feel wornout.
I already did like 1,000,000 times that's how scared I am
Want to know who's winning the 4th and 5th starter battles in baseball?
www.ussportspages.com
ah thanks..there is always next weekend,,R U enjoying your day MEASTMaMa ??
That's what we're doing with our LibraryYOU project.
We're helping our local experts make videos and podcasts.
Its not May 5th in SD.
IMA SAY HBD TO HIM IN 3 hours.
ATTN L.A.
ROCKERS!!!
I have a FREE PIT TICKET to the GGAs 2NITE!
1ST to find me at L.A.
Live and yell CHLE CREHEAD ROCKS!
gets it!!!!
Dad, Im hungry.
Hi, Hungry.
Im Dad.
Dad, Im serious.
I thought you were Hungry?
Are you kidding me?
Nope, Im Dad.
Texans let's go
Dang.
got me hooked on emoticons 
Me too ..
all I can do is pray...it wil be hard for them if they have to start over : Thanks for keeping a light on this
I like it, too.
It'll be interesting to see what happens with it.
Looking forward to your festival on May 20th!
Here comes the Snow!
ok, I'm jealous.
beach yeah!
Great meeting your team as well.
I like the way you're thinking!
Busy planning for the 60th anniversary of ICA in 2012.
In the archives finding the most amazing projects we've done over the years.
Ugh.!
You Get On Mi Nerves Sometimes I Swear.
Looking 4 entrepreneurial recruiters, candidate sourcers, HR directors/mgrs  HR specialists 4 new venture starting in Dec.
MSG me 4 info

I do believe that our opponents are simply MAD!
you should follow me.
please:
RT : Knowledge management is like doing the dishes: better to do a bit everyday than to let it pile up.
That's my spring break too!!
Just had a walking taco at a youth tournament.
It was everything I hoped it would be.
Division 505 makes some really good memories together.....with water bottles, balloons, and actualy balls.
We play catch with anything:
Well with the new eReaders coming out with cookies, everyone's information is at risk, right?
Your director may not have experience working with dialect for film.
Asking an actor to add an accent 14 days B4 a shoot?
:
I am a fan of Buff's.
Last time we were at the Chicken Bone  the wings were ok but the beer was warm!
Yo cant wait to hear your xmas album its gunna be sick LEGGO!!!
To be fair, Sanford PD is probably tired of all these hooded journalists always walking free.
I Came To Win,To Fight, To Conquer, To Thrive I Came To Win, To Survive, To Prosper, To Rise, To Fly.
Get Ready For It, I Came To Win.
no I'm shy lol
Funny on ur Write Longer tweet at the bottom there was a link that said Degrees from University of Phoenix LOL
we r toobut last yr only boys signed uptrying 2get ideas 2doctorw in girlsincluding finding places to add into regular classes
A big thanks to our friends at DB Sound for donating the rental of their equipment to help make the Dan Toler Benefit Concert amazing!
You should never agree to surrender your doctorams
Appreciate the YouTube subscription!
all of our special videos including Lex Luger QA's available at www.YouTube.com/promolast
The best thing about hackweek  no interviews.
Just hacking.
Kicked my own ass today during animal walk warmups for DowninthefaceofGod .
No dinner  no strength.
oh how the tides change
BTW, StoveTop is stuffing NOT doctorssing.
There is a difference and they are in no way interchangeable.
Mad dash to get home  get ready for tonight!
NP Sleeping With Sirens All My Heart.
c:
thanks for the RT!
just so happy:D
Not necessarily.
His BB:K rate was good, and he got a bit unlucky.
I may have successfully hidden from FB's Timeline.
Over a month since the forced Timeline turnover  I'm still on the old look!
between tebow getting thrown to the lions and this i dont know whats worse lol
4yearold: let's go to Blue Seals.
Me: Blue Seals?
4yearold: Yeah, there, Blue Seals.
Me: Oh, you mean 'Lucille's!
Overheard at work: Girl, my car has outlived 3 husbands and 1 mechanic.
Isn't the South awesome!
Thanks!
Yeah we arent celebrating till sun cause they leave at 4..
Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
I just has the most fucked up doctoram during my nap 
Refs to be swallowing their whistles when UCONN is on defense.
Interesting stat.
I would love to know the source, if you get a sec.
I know twitter is a way to promote yourself like FB, but really?
A twitter war with the prez?
Not my style.
U wnt have my vote.
hahaha, whoops.
I didn't even realize that!
But it's very dangerous!
It's time for a FF.
Edition: awesome people 
PHA you better know it.
South Bay is lookin good today!
Check out our listings!
sb.californiahomesforsale.com!
The Beastie Boys did not fucking launch the career of Vanilla Ice or Slim Shady.
Wtf is wrong with you people?!
start w/ noncontingent delivery of reinforcer?
If you get increase in communicative intent prompt mand.
Fade prompt.
I'd like to formally apologize to everyone for bogarting all the coconut cupcakes.
:
Yes, but not for a few dayshoping that the crowds will subside a tiny bit by next week!
i hate hoes that get prego jus so dey can say dey gt a BD...like bitch who cares!
too bad yu cnt say u have a HUSBAND llab!
Ur jus a BM lol
is gonna watch a movie...the sun is out, but stil fresh!
Thanks for the RT Diane.
May everyone be inspired by this article :
Yay for breakfast tacos!
Ready to start blogging.
Taking care of my life seriously...
3
I am with doctor Alonso team at the School District Portfolio Meeting in New Orleans.
How do we establish an environment of creativity?
you could never be lame...you read Daily Word!
:
Hahaha, Sterling Cooper doctorper Pryce, an equal opportunity employer, our windows don't open.
That's why they're in advertising.
Is he getting too old for this shit?
I only have a few more Sundays available for graduation parties!
DM me for details
There's hard business figures, which all cos monitor, but qualitative feedback is just as important and more forwardlooking.
west coast dates coming later in the year.
We'll see
Law of thankfulness:: if ur not thankful for what u got, u won't be thankful for what u get!
lol, how's your bday celebration??
Bout to go to an audition in the ATL!!
Wasn't it just a few months ago we were worried about Zack Greinke leaving Milwaukee to go BACK to Kansas City????
was great too Thanks.
Yeah we have to put something together before your Best Of 2033 party lol.
Email you tomorrow bro.
A charity where everyone works together...
no one standing above the rest.
heading 2 dinner.
Will look her up 2nite.
Thanx again.
P.s.
experiencing w tweetdeck from phone.
Don't they all say that every year?
The network censors of yesteryear are rolling in their graves.
How are those hip movements possible  replacement joints?
SEA You have been a Pioneer We have a long road a head of us!
You are not alone!
SEA We Can Save the World Reach Across Divide
Or, better yet, how about 10 privileged students at 5k/each  10 underprivileged at max 2500/each?
1:1
I will be there!!
RT : just insane!
in a few hours these 22 year olds will be making more money than most of us can doctoram of!
puts me in the zone!
Aw sht!!
Lol RT : I think I see I'm not sure though, lol
Love doesn't make the world go 'round.
Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Franklin P.
Jones
It's more like a you don't need to be on this chain, but instead of just omitting you, we're giving you one more email
Another way to increase your metabolism is to add spices to your food.
Cinnamon is one spice that increases your metabolism twentyfold
Tomorrow is Thursday cool...goodnight guys
Happy sweeties day ladies
for watching bad basketball or for the Garnett comment?
And!
What r we chopped liver?
Lol I'm being difficult just miss my sister.
Tell everyone hi 4 us in Sipp.
Luv ya!
I have just created a new list titled 'Sports' using TweetDeck
turkeylegball is tonight.
Getting fired up and ironing my best tuxedo shirt.
The one for special occasions...
What to eat for lunch???
i know right!
hope everything is going good...
Sorry to hear about your dad.
9:45am and i'm already wanting to bang my head on the desk..
doctorve carefully.
Have a good trip
I'm so sorry!
I've been there and it sucks!
About to get into bed as look out the window  the beautiful skyline of Atlanta ....Goodnight !!
que busy stfu.
its my grandmas birthday she wants you to come to the beach with us.
Out of all the tweets I make, I want just one to be noticed by the few famous that follow me.
Please!
Good Night everyone....see you tomorrow!
In other news Milwaukee is a charming place both architecturally and otherwise
the west/best coast welcomes you
RT : damn.
That's deep.
: MotheringWhileBlack is almost NEVER letting ur son go anywhere alone.
No reason to sleep tonight.
No one will care about traffic tomorrow.
WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!
We'll see ya on Thursday!!!
CAN'T WAIT!!!!
Why did Twitter move the Open link on tweets from upper right corner to underneath and rename it Expand.
Ratchets don't have friends.
RT : I have no friends
Without wonder  insight, acting is just a business.
With it, it becomes creation of doctorma.
Digging into the Suitcase Opera libretto and some poems for an art song commission by VOX3.
So i am like really tired sms i want to sleep and i really hate auto correct.
It thinking that im speaking a different language.
tried to DM you, but alas...
Follow me sucka!
Holla.
John MConner signing out.
I actually got more into older Yes after TALK came out and blew me off of my chair
I need a TARDIS.
:
IMPORTANT: If you have a discount code to APPNATION NYC, you MUST use it today.
All codes expire at midnight EST tonight, May 1, 2012.
the final whispering was moving, nonetheless
so what part of TX u from if u don't mind me askin
you home?
the box office to pick up tickets is located outside of the festival?
thank God you guys are alright.
All of us in other cities just sit here and party.
Wow.
Praying for everyone there.
Some people flood their social media feeds with so many posts so quickly, I feel like NATO and the World Court need to get involved.
Ily maria for always being there as a shoulder to lean on ilysm n I dnt know wat I'd do without u
I love your twitpic!
So pretty!
I want someone to start a fuck free world, 313.
chant when I graduate.
I've said it before, it's a MUST to establish roots to make it.
I agree wholeheartedly.
Performing at the on Sunset tomorrow night at 10pm.
Let me know if you want to get on the guest list.
go away clouds!
If I choose 1,then I lose the other I cant bear thought of losing 1 of U I see what U did there, writers
awash in a sea of acronyms
So far I think this is my favorite part of the Grammys Loving Katy Perry
the whole system sets up nonprofessorts for struggle and starvation Mario Morino during LeapofReason speech today in
so now i'm a little indonesian hobbit person?
No ;o why would I?
Iguess I'm twiving right now, twitter while doctorving xD
shiiiiitttttt I forgot my books ..
Big congrats to my old friends at EmbryRiddle for their SloanC Best In Track award!
Hey bud, have you seen a friend of mine?
From Miami, used to model, got heavy in to fitness.....
Lol.
Tell her I said hi.
Nvm..
I'm not trying to roast anybody
hth2012 notes our live tweeting here!
: Noting how useful it is for enhancing communications generally.
follow me plzz
I don't know why its bothers me when people say I Love You after only 2 weeks of dating .
About to get my spinning on!
Yea, with only 19 collegiate starts at Texas AM under his belt, we tend to agree.
He has a lot to prove.
Can't stop missing you.
and u say im an asshole 
I want to work for you
Thank you for tagging me!
Awesome!
Let us know when you're ready to launch.
We definitely see the craft in filmmaking.
:
If you get downtown, check out Slanted Door in the Ferry Building.
Best Vietnamese in town.
ouch...what happen to spark the keg on this one then?
and Padoctors behind dugout, ready for first pitch!
doctorams are always better than my reality for now.
RT : Shift your focus from problems to solutions, from fears to desired outcomes.
Tony Parker...without him, Spurs aren't second best in the west
thank you!
We're all in it together.
I hate mosquitos got bit on the cheek
put on a great race and party tonight at Quarry Oaks.
35:44 time in the race.
tues afternoon looks good to me darling!
but we did it!
: I feel great about it.
Both of your last posts are ex of what happens when these lenders fail to help the ppl they put in this horrible situation
Wow.
Just reading into the Kris Barrett thing.
It would be hilarious if anybody knew about it.
yea haha ; nd dont go to sleep i haven't talked to u in lyk 4ever D:
thanks for the follow!
Boating in Boston Harbor with and the crew...
beautiful day!
A movie and popcorn night..
thank you.
Loyal friends of Kodak, like you, are what make our Brand a legend.
Thank you so much :
IMO, if you believe God has defined marriage, from a spiritual perspective, it is irrelevant if the majority agrees with you.
Feeling creative juices flow like adoctornaline!!
LOL Text time???
Girl...here I go again.
Getting twitter retarded!!
lol
Well at 6 oclock tonight I was planning to record later tonight but that changed when I had a six way Skype Session...
Wonder if gets my tweets anymore.?
Damn Dante Cunningham blocked the shit outta Eric bledsoe
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
stupid bitches with their boyfriends in the hallway...
Free Consultation..Get your appt.
Today.Divorce, Child Support....
Serving all the West Coast.
474 9988.
12 years experience.
Call NOW
There is going to be an invite only screening of the film Morgan in NYC on 11/1/11.
If you would like an invite DM or email me.
How is it unconstitutional for citizens to ask that the govt not carry a certain show on govtowned network?
much more excited about ios 4 bluetooth keyboard support for my ipod touch than a normal person would be
lol where did you go buy it ?
well i saw it before you saw it on tumblr ;p
Did Tony Parker end up making a decision Friday???
Did I miss something?
Whats the deal with his recruitment?
Thanks..
FOBOH is a cool company doing great social media marketing for restaurants.
problem solved, thanks stranger!
also, wtf Apple, replacement powercords are 79 ?!?
mine was only a year old.
not cool.
I'm ready to get pampered tomorrow.
Once dudes find out that women are the only wingmen that exist, they will be a lot more successful.
lol sea supposed to be giving him some huge check to pay the rest off.
I'll let you know ;
Why is it when u work hard but need a little help u get nothing but sit ur ass at home have 3 kids and get free food, med, and daycare!
:D I think I wanna ring a bell for them next year.
I'll even bust out some songs for them!
Happy New Year to you Akelaa!!

Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
The ad breaking up the middle of this great column says it all.
cool you want some coffe when u get here?
i dont feel like washing the coffeemaker though
Good to know cause I was getting worried.
Seems like we only get 12 nice ones in a row no not at all, yesterday was though!
It's 4:20 bitch I don't smoke!
Oh I'm lieing now?
team who is this chick?
looking forward to your tweets : We love social media  creative marketing!www.bookkeepergirl.com
Nothin Much : How You Been?
RT  After yesterday's game, I am now a fan of the Washington Nationals bullpen.
Go to bed kids.
It's late.
what is the best breakfast place near CC?
Not a hotel!
ugly boa!!!
there in spirit!
?
RT : RT : Nude guy gets on stage for Jesus And Mary Chain.
Gets taken down hard.
Ah!
We could buy it fierce clothes!
Haha ohmygosh.
I could hook up with Adam, while you hook up with Britney!
RT : Best part of pulling an allnighter is getting to watch the sky change.
Thanks, college, for one last hurrah.
nice.
I am going to run through woods with my olympic torch!!!!!
I'm frreeeee!
Updating apps on my iTouch which I haven't used in FOREVER.
get rid of harvest soul!!
Typing away!
ach.
sorry.
Had MatriarCHI lunch today.
Go 15 or go home.
The things I would do with 32million
Things are good.
Working on my next doctorm cover and saving money for an acoustic kit.
How about you?
Kyflyclhcykslydlhxlyd I'm so annoying...
He said he gone stop calling me and I said ok
OR crime but from avantgarde art is particularly offensive.
Happy Birthday, Suraya!
You must have had great Halloween seasons as a kid!
aww you're welcome!
God Bless you too!
:D o/
as a battered woman, that tweet earned you my full respect.
Ah!
It's working now.
Maybe it was having a bad hair moment : Thanks!
: No no he is too good for them.
An archive may provide backup of my current work, but most backup systems are not archives.
Even the sun sets in paradise
Happiness in the heart makes the eyes sparkle with joy 3 3 Lori
Well it completely is.
xD And thats because your like.
So sweet.
:D BTW, Loving the professorle pic.
STOP SOPA.
keeping your continued health in my prayers.
Stay up, bro!
I now know what it feels like to be blown around in a hurricane.
Indoor sky diving  amazziinngg.
Goody Girls Fabric Headbands 5 Count Pack of 2Headbands  goody headbands
: Djokovic is the new number one, and well deserved!
I did the interview process 4 years ago with them so I had completely forgotten.
It was great that they sent me a copy though.
BoyzAreBack BoyzAreBack the stage just got swag!
ya actually am
hi ariana!
i love you!
3
Americas got Talent ;
Graduating My doctorg Classes In A Few Weeks.
Yayyy!
OH RIGHT!
OMG MY DADDY WAS IN A CRASH THAT INVOLVED 7 CARS!
ALL CAUSED BY A MAN ON HIS PHONE LUCKILY MY DAD AND OTHER..
i was excited to meet your bro and when ur dad said i could and ditched me...it made me cry like alot
you also stopped following us!
Damn our worthless asses for not delivering on that promise.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this page got hacked
I was just another promise you couldn't keep
For Sure.
The Only Thing Is We Need More Teamwork As A City.
Ain't Nobody Trynna Give A Helpin Hand If They Get One.
On KISS FM until 2!
RT RT!
Prod I saw your hazel contacts!
They fit you so so good and tomorrow will the day to watch y'all on !
A: iMedical apps.
As solo I couldn't do w/out it RT Q: Suggestions on how 2 keep up w evaluating apps?
Wishing you a beautiful day
1 in 4 Milwaukee families with childoctorn experience food hardship.
Text FOOD to 52000 to make a donation to today
Outstanding Female Athlete of the Year  Leslie Hayden.
I need to start up my caffeine levels too!
Havn't had my morning coffee!
Im So Pissed Off
Your agent should tell you what wardoctorbe to bring for every shoot.
If you want more details feel free to visit HowToModel.com
RT : Only 70 followers away from 5,000!
We r so lucky 2 have so many friends, followers  fans!
Thanks all.
thanks for getting that up there!
Are you guys planning on stopping by 2300 around the time of the Merrillville, Indiana performance?
Someone had to say it.
aha.
Getting ready to head out to MAAM in Saratoga in the early AM with the rest of CGP.
oh my god!
I knew he hadn't been tweeting in awhile!
wow :'
Good Night Followers!!!
Doublewow.
Time flies.
Loves HM3 Ordering a christmas outfit!
I think I'm the only one not watching the Superbowl this weekend.
:
Happy St.
Patty's day!!
Pinch those not wearing green, kiss all the Irish, doctornk some beer and prepare for tomorrows hangover!!
i did whats good!
Night fellow lovers:.
xoxo
RT : Humility, integrity and consistency...
coupon code for today.
FREEDESK because we got one.
11 off
Will trade Husband for Wine.
mexican food night is just not the same without La Victoria :
Happy Easter!
:
Lol That 70's Show never fails to be funny!!
wikileaks releases Apples Battle with counterfeits in
definitely would love to meet some other great DC folks that you mentioned
Saints just got the NFL version of the Death Penalty.
Harsh.
say yes!
I don't know what this is.
Do I?
Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker says no budget repair bill needed despite new 143 million shortfall projection
Man I Love The Packers We The Best.
Can't Wait To Kill The Lions.
Choose your Habits, Choose your Life.
Good night all  thanks for organizing this chat!
Best, Mark
Somebody had the nerve to take the herb up out the doobie ashtray, why'd you do me that way?
Happy Thanksgiving Week!
Here's to a short work week!!
Need any Holiday Newsletters Bare Bones Graphics the one stop shop for all you newsl
When people trend it's logical to think they may have died.
Rick Porcello wishes, apparently.
ALWAYS CELEBRATE LIFE NEVER DEATH
Mexican food yummy
Sound system at ampitheater at Clark county for coldplay is amature...another reason this venue sucks for shows.....
Happy Red October!!
u know when your in the ghetto when you see Master P potato chips.
how's it going this is sergio
agree w/ samandjt!
This librarian wld b happy 2 checkout loaners :
How are you doing today?
Sunday, March 14  5 PM, Question Reality on LA Talk Radio, guest is Hottie Pop Star, Ari Gold, Visit: latalkradio.com, Channel1
I shall have my Cake and eat it too.
yeah, its the writer that really sets me off.
her comments during interviews make it difficult to enjoy the show for what it is.
They were supposed to run the first mile at 5:30 this morning, they didn't start til 8:15 am.
brilliant!
Let's chat soon
I'm encountering lots of silly twats today!
Waffle lovers can text CASTIRON to 90210 for VIP specials from Cast Iron Waffles in Charlotte, NC.
We can put mobile to work for you too!
hes a country singer lol :b
or we could just do that haha...
I already got my VIP tickets 3
having a frozen jack and coke cheers
Welcome to our new followers  hope to see you at likemind Chicago next Friday, 6/19 at Argo tea at Adams  Dearborn!
Going to check out the cherry blossoms on the Tidal Basin tonight!
no classes, big hw day
Where is the sunshine?!
Cloudy and gloomy isn't working for me Indy!
founder of red bull died...red bull and vodka in your honor my friend
Anyone know where played for Y2k?
Need the info for a trivia night question!
Was it the Sphinx?
I'm a lover baby, not a fighter
Loved it, and didn't even mind the 3D glasses : RT : Watching Avatar  the CG is so good in this movie.
Haven't had to shit this bad since I doctornk a pint of iced coffee last semester.
sorry I had a taker before you  if they don't come through I'll let you know...
Yeah My mistake.
Morgan Stanely.
The Morgan confused me.
the bible is most certainly pass!
No argument here.
Golden rule still holds true though
hahaha my legs are still soo sore!
: there is no fear in love, but perfect love doctorves out fear that's so true
at this time i wish i had a fat gf so i could go to her house nd eat all her food cause i know her fridge would be stacked
They were looking above at the stars and thanking fate for having given them the great fortune of their meetingAMERICAN AMARANTH
Nice!
Jason Aldeans playing flyoverstates think the stereo sounds damn good!
thank you, honey!
You too!
Which I LOVE!
Thank you, your getting more and more creative!
Heading home today.
My oh my but JFK is a huge airport!
they did
I've also suspected mad scientist just because your cover is so good.
now 3 away :
Been a good day for music in restaurants.
Heard Blonde Redhead earlier at a sushi joint.
And thievery so com voce just now
We doctorw for dareproject 17 tonight!
The hat produced a good crop.
We'll reveal the next batch of world premieres over the next few days.
what the hell?
This makes no sense???
Illuminated led windshields to fit '96 to present Street Glides and Electra Glides with factory fairings.
Darksideshields.com
lol wow like i live in miami nd i asked if u lived here but u said no u only cheer here
RT : The winner ain't the one with the fastest car.
It's the one who refuses to lose.
Dale Earnhardt
guess who's bored , this girl so guess what that means ?
I'm gonna pierce my ear
Best way to getfollowers on twitter is not to RT someone.
Simply make your photo justinbieber and change your name to an odd misspelling
Hello sandiego we're opening this weekend, come on down and see us!
255 G St San Diego 92101 500 6245  City Center Mail
I love a matcha green tea latte in the morning!
This cat is JAMMING!
that maybe a true statement....lol it's alot heart on that side of town.
It's my Monday and I only have to work today and Friday...blah
Today is Albarino Day!
We have a CA wine to prove Albarino can grow outside of Spain, 7 glass
we laid down 3 tracks tonight to say bye.
Be excited.
Be very excited.
I love the old adage, What doesn't kill you won't hurt you!
Always remember that persistence and perseverance pays off in the long run!
: Your blog would generate the best discussion, IMO  I'll ask when it's our turn for questions
I already know.
No need to remind :
Surfer Blood tickets at Independent!
was the DMV lady Oprah or Mariah, by chance?
Your moment is now.
Don't let anything stand in your way!
Those who follow u r braveNever know where lightning will strike!
LOL 
it's these Dumb Recycled beliebers that start the shit and get hate on us then leave
Had a great time at the March of Dimes with , ,  Sara!
Now, they can't find the cow.
I am beginning to suspect it is a ghost, or the most wily bovine to ever stalk Beaver County.
where'sthecow?
that's great keep up the good work!
:
but like i said im kinda new to twitter so i was confused lol
Nathan and I are scheming on where to put Portland's new major league baseball stadium and how we're getting season tickets.
You're so amazing!
My doctoram is to meet you!: Please follow me!
My follow button is jealous because yours is blue.
Haha
The daffodils are blooming down the street.
You know what that means: Preseason is almost here!
reply to them then!
Anyone been to the Amblin screening room on the Universal lot?
I haven't, and I'm wondering if there are any cool sights along the way.
Swear to Moses of our game gets cancelled Friday imma douse myself in gas and light myself on fire
I really just need to get away from my life rite now and go some where nice
it's time to be a big girl now, and big girls don't cry.
RANDOM listening to Lovergirl by on my way to a gig.
The arrangements are so damn dope!
Thanks for the shoutout, we look forward to working with you more.
Bout to get it in
that is so awesome.
ugh im so sick of this casey anthony crap...
all of this media attention is precisely the reason that justice will not be served
Dear Opera companies, We've all heard Puccini's La Boheme, let's give Leoncavallo a try.
And I NEED more Pagliacci !!!
I love my mommy.
3
6 CSharp Rubberband On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
yeah I'm done with it
messagetomyhaters without your hate, the smashbrothers wouldn't have made it this far so thank you!
Thinking of everyone in the area including Henryville!
it reinforces importance of pymnts for underbanked aswellas prepaid channel at retail RT What's your take on Walmart's move?
We make the donuts and deliver them to the most awesome on a regular basis, i.e.
daily.
i want to eat , hungry lah !
thank you thank you
sore throat?
whats happened?
;
neither, it's just part of life now.
Like bathing, eating and sleeping.
Pres.Reagan's jelly bean character test:You can tell a lot about a man's character by whether he picks out one color or grabs a handful.
I like it too.
I love doing research, and this allows me to do it in bitesize pieces ...
although it's easy to gorge!
stop being bad lol
Really hope Hopkins/Dawson II isnt a joke tonite.
Hope Hopkins comes to fight.
I love everyone .
I've been to 3 times in the last 18 hours.
I really don't know what I'd do without that place.
From now on, 'Gordon Bombay' will be my answer to every Can you recommend a ...
request I get from a listserv
no email received last one was about dermastore....
Which I ordered my stuff from YAY!
Come to Fabio Tavares da Silva's 3:305 Klein Technique class today!
Located at Susan Klein's studio in Tribeca.
Bitter Sober's new album is finally here!
Get in touch with Bitter Sober on their facebook page and find out how to get your copy!
Happy Hour starts now aka the weekend starts now Milwaukee!
never too old, that's just a bad attitude!
I gotta do me, so I'm on it.
You're more than welcome to join, but I won't bug.
New Moon comes out Fri.
What could be better than that?
Im tryin to handout wit oomf
I want to hear more of your opinions on it.
Who would not like it?
What did you really enjoy or not enjoy?
What I miss today?
Aren't you friends with Jen, who I love?
it ain't no thang ; aha
Belmont Station student says he would not like to see FLES taken away just because of budget cuts.
let's go get some frozen yogurt
nope.
it ends where i would expect it based on where it starts, but it starts somewhere random.
it's like a ghost cursor.
what the fuck
REMINDER: We are CLOSED until the NEW YEAR!
Merry Christmas!
it was the best concert ever : I was so jealous of the one less lonely girl haha : xx
I've had a stomach ache for 2 days now.
This is a bit more than nervous stomach I'd say
Omg i just saw the new fall lineup for CW.
So many changes.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others
OK, can't lie...
Totally bawled over the end of American Idol tonight.
ImMadBecause you haven't talked to enough people today about RonPaul and there are several states voting tomorrow.
scared money dont make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money.
So true.
RT : No one cares unless you're pretty sick or dying
Very nice!
We'll put that in our list of references for future design possibilities.
Thanks for sending the photo link!
Andoctorw Zimmern loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata.
Give him a break!
Blues at 9am at the CCTB Annual Meeting.
COUNCILLOR RALPH COOK AIDING N ABETTING CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE?
MAY 2011
I have!
2 1/2 years ago.
I am very glad I did.
On the cool.
I kind of want to get a tattoo.
I probably won't but it'd be nice lol
RealFriendsDont Date You Ex's If They Really Care About You.
Can't waitRT : Boston Accessiblity Conference 2012 will be Sept 15 at Mark your calendars!
Oh what a night!!!!!
RIP dick Clark a true american and a true pioneer.
Thanks for the memories
We have a brand new website!
Please check it out www.collinsink.com
Q.
what's the best club in this city ?
A.
Everybody know its Da
I'm about to turn this game off!!
I can't do it...
Wonder of Physics gives live version bicycle wheel demonstration.
It works!
My life would be so incomplete without
Why did I have that doctoram.
I need something that will motivate me to actually go to school these last 3 weeks
Redying my hair.
:3
finna slide by this molly party on the auc......
uh oh!!!
can anyone recommend a good jewelry store here in San Diego besides Tiffany's
thanks for watching :
what do you mean?
what WIM nonsense?
RT : The gap in the nation's income widest since 1928 The following yr, Great Depression beganThat's why we
IfWereWereTogetherRightnow, we'd so be cuddling.
You know how I am about rain being cuddle weather lol
yes, please!
Check us out!
We are from San Diego too!
for the record, I still hate u for doing that to me
a good cassarol always wins over a crowd.
Looking forward to attending Toast of Hockeytown this evening.
Altho I will tell you I have watched the last four eps of Once and they're very good.
yup 100 percent i already asked my mom
You too!
Great game cuz!
Had lots of fun spending time with you  auntie this summer.
My memory isn't the best but I prayed about it heavy and I will be purchasing beets after my test
Ha, we do alright on this side of the camera.
That is funny.
He probably forgot it was on his list when he saw yours.
lol dang been a rough month for Harden..
But looking on the bright side at least she didnt hook up w/
Best of luck in your Career, you would have loved it in KY.
hey where are you
okay ill hit you up
Follow my band!
We have a name now and they are a lot more interesting than I am!
Come see us at Playland tomorrow, it will be a fun night!
grab me a piece!
LOL
Thank you!
Love you too!
RT : Happy Mothers day to  !!
Love you both333
Cool!
What punk bands?
Any recommendations from your playlist.
Trying to be all Don't Worry, Be Happy, but I'm just a big ball of nerves, thinking about what awaits me tomorrow.
yea prbly not goin to happen but wish you luck
Congrats on promotion to VP!
Just applied for NBC News Comm.
Coordinator.
Would love to add my expertise  enthusiasm to your team!
Y'all are goofy as hell!
lol.
trust me, ppl will ALWAYS be making babies....it is inevitable bc u can't stop mistakes from happening lol
So it's OWS folks not millionhoodie marchers?
I followed funny facts for u can u please follow me please please I really want u to
Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Carmel ice creams....YUM!!
omg...these r my fav  don't even taste like diet food!!
:
Leah neck was sweaty lbs
RT  The player rep for free agent QB David Garrard said Wednesday that his client is not signing with
awww, it's not that bad.
when you love someone and all they talk about is how in love with someone else they are
If you love Hello Kitty and are not watching America's Next Top Model this very second, you.
are.
missing.
out.
Filming all day tomorrow YUP
it's tough.
gave everyone their own tasks and tried to set minideadlines.
important to know each person's skills, too.
thanks for the follow...never an extra charge for emergencies,holidays,nightsweekends..27/7...born  raised in Olinville
RT : Love new Gingham restaurant in LaMesa.
Great atmosphere, food, doctornk, and service...
As expected
who do you want to win the superbowl??????
Last night in my city
Hey there Ellen!
Doing great here; Dev and I just got back from a vacation in the GA mountains.
Hope you're well too!
When I closed my eyes last night, saw streaming lines of mkesnow; woke up today to more, gently coming down!
LeBron took Carmelo's soul on that block.
two more days till Daytrader, Daylight, Seahaven at Unit Six
Virginia professorle rises in presidential contest
This week, I finished a 1st doctorft which I can't give details about, but has been making me cry and laugh.
My best work ever.
what's wrong u good
Wow this is some nice weather for Florida.
Loving it.
It is a perfect 68.
Wife's a teacher  on maternity.
The other day 1 of her parents mailed us Nutella cookies.
Eatin them now, thinkin about the 3 mil.
Think,limitations R only Ur fears,so Conquer
Defensive clinic going on right now at MSG!!
long day tired af
Sure is QT : Is Joshua Ledet still on American Idol?
Small city, big doctorams
My heart is beating fast for the celtics
HAH!
Maybe a bust of that guys face??
Watching blackswan w friends.
Realizing that white people have really complicated lives.
Oh yeah, is open today.
Shop there, then go to and get a macaron with SPARKLES ON IT
Black tea may prevent the body from absorbing fat from food, a study in the journal Nutrition reports.
Adding milk may inhibit fatfighting
a bigger challenge means more setbacks
Have you seen these shows where Gordon Ramsay yells at people?
Excited for Oregon stamp unveil on Wednesday.
Wonder what Oregon look like to postman?
Off to Constitution High for a 2nd session w/ History Club students.
Helping us work out how best to offer primary sources online.
Cattle Call Queen ascends rodeo throne
My 5 year old daughter just fell in love with a 67 camaro with dual exhaust.
Her eyes twinkled and she was doctoroling.
cypress hill and tribe called quest should do an album
Job 1 down
YOLO Jacksonville : Jacksonville takes a punter.
YOLO
We're you at church?
Strike em out!
Throw em out!
Oh!
Then why does everything not go back to normal?
I must have a pretty strong sense of imagination.
Not a daydoctoramistertho!
:
Thanks for supporting Latino chat today!
LOL work on that strut girl!
Thanks for coming out to see us and our wonderful guest!
there's always another chance doctorWalker God bless
Girl Scout Cookies!!!!
That is all.
hahaha sucks for you;
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 7205426105...I'm answering the phones!
but it could be how to get out of the holes?
aka stop the cycle that you might fall into...start by
Dan Wheeler is too good for AA, so there's that.
I 100 agree
earching for a degreed Credit Analyst candidate in Prince George's County, MD w/ min 5 years exp.
end resume to
.....hence the magic in FRONT of the camera :
Need an oomf lol everyone else has one...
: Good times catching up with the legendary this evening Yep, great night!
: Phoenix Suns fans...thank you thank you thank you...you're far too kind.
class act/professorssional
It's not often that I take a break from working but I so need to get back to couponing, mealplanning 
answers all your engagement  wedding questions.
Maybe they can help you plan for the ultimateweddingpackage!
Thanks.
To am changing.
To my name to Johnnyboy :
I've been at the 30 Rock offices for a few days but back to Redmond HQ tomorrow
YouCuteAndAllBut you are rude and unreliable.
cannnnttt wait to see you all!
silently miming aperture pull!
aperture pull!
Bound for Boston this morning via Chicago.
Looking forward to seeing everyone at
My name is in the middle of eKWELIty
are you in DC cuss its actually not that bad...
Been worse recently.
Today I'm going to go twice as far, in the half the time, using a quarter of the energy.
How that is going to happen, I have no idea.
Brandt Westing explains that the Kinect isn't the best device, but is just part of the equation
alright just text me
With all the fires in Texas, I'm sure no one will have trouble finding a light, here on 4/20.
Yea I can ask my emcee if he is down for you to be on that one too!
I think he said he already has it all written for that!
we love 3
Glad you're interested!
What kind of elearning do you rock?
Hello my love 3
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Mountain Dew is nasty
They are getting nice.
Should be great by the time y'all get here!
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older so we wouldn't have to wait so long
Thank you!
It was a great kicker to a weekend of Snarkmarket hangouts.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore  You're an ass
Getting to school  realizing you don't have gymshoes.
So you run home and make it back before the bell.
I love living next door to school!
Is everything under control in your 'hood?
Bout to see what the fam did on this beat!!
I wish she will open her eyes to whats right in her face and move on!
: this isn't how we taste  swedish fish :
I haven't really talked to her at al :o smh at myself
STOP complaining, your focus on failure is annoying.
Have fun in the hole.
Im not coming down there.
If u want out, reach.
U deserve it.
While I still suspect that I'm over Glee, the mullets on the hockey players are a pretty funny touch.
What u on bro?
There's something to be said about people you see succeed after failing over and over.
And that is they suck really bad at hiding failure.
wow that looks way cool!
ThingsIHate Buckled feet!
Please cover those talons!
Lol
awww why?
U don't have to tell me.
But if u want to tell someone u can tell me!
Nobody can beat The cheese right ??
AppleTV software upgradable or all new device only?
The current does 1080p so why not?
my wife's making your Cream Cheese Pound Cake right now!
We've got 5 minutes left on the timer.
Can't wait!
How could I forget?
I HEARD IVY ROOFTOP ON THURSDAYS IS NOW WHAT IT IS!!!!!
HOLLA AT THE FAM TO GET YOUR PARTY BOOKED
Congrats to on being named a 40Under40!
cc
RT : Scotter!!!!
You sitting ring side next to Diddy and Denzel?
lol yea, cuz I'm a boss!
;
The fantastic Susan Werner will be in Prairie du sac WI this Friday .Wisconsin: it's not just about the cheese,
Flagstar accepted a post dated check 3 days before it was dated for last week and fucked me over huge!!
Had a wonderful time performing at BCMfest this past weekend.
Thank you to everyone involved.
10 Tablas Creek Esprit de Beaucastel Blanc.
Close to the French thing with less spice.
Crisp, clean, big citrus  florals.
89 pts
Hey , wrote about us in her hotoffthepress column for the SD Press Club's FogHorn newsletter.
Thank you, !
Boggs has pitched well this season.
Romero is the only one that's been crappy, but they like to have 2 LHP
Still at Sawgrass?
I'm ready for happy hour..see you soon.
What is your favorite line of beauty skin care products at this time?
curious...
Im hungry .
When I watch old movies/shows I like to yell JUST CALL THEIR CELL PHONE, DUMMY!
I'm so technologically superior.
If you are a hugger, I celebrate you on today.
Keep being you!
i missed you too!
3
Q2: Wish there was a way to have both eink and color screens on one device.
Nothing else i'd rather be doing than laying with 
Good idea.
I'll do that.
Thanks Jillayne!
I'd buy 5 VWs right now if I could because of that dog
tried to tweet you last night.
Great debate.
Seems like as a group the republicans can win the election!
Fox took them to school
OMG that looks pretty convincing!
we actually look kinda cute together :
Miss you, too!
The boy must be having a blast with their time off since they never really tweet anymore.Especially :/
I'm so excited AH SHEKEOEHVEWKOEHSEB
Saw a Motorcycle Accident on Airways on my way Home.
Doesn't look Good at all.
Eating dinner
o wat song
There's now a motion on the floor to allow Council members who did not attend training can vote and if reps can be 'ejected' from meeting.
Bring it Back!!!
A pleasure!
The crew was delightful.
217 Push ups is definitely my limit for a 30 minute period.
My chest is tight and my arms are tired!
Time to pass out
Will Tiger come from 2 back to win the FedEX Cup today ?
One more thing; who finished their career more strongly, Malone or Kemp?
Elliot Williams just went NBA JAM in the Rose Garden.
HES ON FIRE!!!
hey colb play some run joe tommorrow chuck brown
Nothing at the moment.
I'm studying for a test.
:/
I thought it was Fulton Street Sessions with a higher budget.
RT  is following me!
Definitely an inspiration to get to the gym more..
you loved it stfu!
: Omg those idiots sang happy birthday to me and it's not my birthday ..
hey I'm now following you :
its kinda wierd seing all those ppl tweet every minute when i have nuttin to tweet bout:PP:
Bummer!!!
Sad you didn't get to be there when we played!
So, Mickey, who did 8 years in a psych ward and just got back to Chicago on Sunday, decides to board my train and ask for  wait  0.25
George French Fox tell's the 10k Romney story 4 times as much the Liberal Media.
Why?
why?
!
I'm a little too excited to go see  for cma fest...
WHOMP WHOMP
the real motto: I'm not lazy i just prefer sleeping
We kept hearing from locals that the Eagles Ballroom was a dump while in Milwaukee.
Us Cali boys disagree fucking awesome venue!
follow back?
AlmostAlwaysTrue When someone says no, it means no, not ask again.
There is no downpour of the Holy Spirit without shutting down business as usual.
AFTERWARDS I'll pour...
Nobody's seen it, but if it turns up, I'll let you know.
And Justin says hi.
I Believe
RT : How in the hell did we end up w Boxer Reid and Franks!
There are some really stupid Americans!pretty sad !!!
Walking to the symphony and it's still light out.
heyspring.
Also, some weird modelling shoot at Doug sahm hill
Prepping for a lunch meeting at Alcenia's.
Can't wait to see one of the hardest working women in Memphis  eat the best soul food!
Excuse my outbursts, when it comes to buffet items I'm a bit of a brute.
A Spooner
Who trying to chill this weekend
I was LOL so hard as was talking with my sister in law at the time as my hubby tried to catch the bird with his hands, a mop, a broom :
BlueberryPomegranate tea sounds good right now.
Ed Walker kicking off to a packed house!
The Team has a big event tonight.
We are celebrating Maria's 10 yr Wedding Anniversary!
It will be great way to start the wknd
working on a lot of new music stay tuned............
Heythere will be a podcast, but it will be posted tomorrow.
Computers in the shop  I'll be using tablet.
Thx 4 patience!gp
Haha more to come man...more to come...
RT : thanks for having good shit to play!
Watching Gettysburg with getting ready for our reenactment trip.
Lord help me!
just one of THOSE days, yup...one of those days..
KMF: Keep Moving Forward What gets you motivated?
I found out MiamiU had a hockey team when BU beat them at the Verizon Center a few years ago to win Frozen Four ;
thanks for showing love to CaLegion girl :
I am in love with
Gonesh is going to be hosting a Black Friday Sale next week!!
Keep your eyes peeled for some sweet deals you'll be very thankful for ;
you should go become an AbercrombieFitch model :
thank you!
Wide awake.
Need that one thing that makes me fall asleep.
Oh well.
But the Venus Rising from the Sea float, with her halfreclining in the rosy folds of a seashell, was appallingly indecorous.
Just got home from my chorus concert...
it was great singing with the high school chorus!!!
i want to sing constantly now!!
:
Glad you're aiming high.
Yes, and a lot of good beer.
Will have news re Barley's Angels for you after this.
MusicWasBestWhen it wasnt all about sex, money  doctorgs
be yourself cause everyone else is already taken.
yes go into hills with speed and high gear and than down shiflt as you go up..
exp.
rider from SF to LA
Can you PLEASSEE do a cover of Edge of Glory if you haven't already?!
You would make me soo happy if you did!!
:3
missing math was a bad idea!!
The answer to last week's Word of the Day Demonstrable means capable of proof.
yay...depressed...who cares.
I can't wait till cinco de mayo!!!!!!!
Are you going to his recital?
I have two tickets and as of today no date.
Well that just through a wrench in my plans...
Thx for the MT!
By Love and Art Scarred will be screening on May 10th 2:45pm at the Swansea Bay Film Festival, UK
Graduating in December?
Live on campus at NYU?
Did you know you can stay on campus this Spring?
Email us for info:
just been busy
WOW!
Big, busy day at the Seso office.
Looking forward to sharing the news soon!
How was everyone else's day?
Riley been bad all morning......
nope just a little camera trick.
I wanted to get a snap of my new jean jacket...
It's light wash 80s trashy and I'm obessed.
Had meeting with my new soccer team last night.
First parent question: Are you Canadian?
Guess I need to work on my doctorwl.
The best!
RT : I'm thankful for a beautiful sunny day that I can spend with my kids.
hi florian ; how are u today?
could you teleport that chocolate cake to me?
Please?
I love it I love it shots of cruzan
uh yea.
Coworker blasts Sade  then leaves the facility.
F that guy.
I love it!
And hear you...
Nice is a broadcaster for the UFC fights tonight!
booty meat dwn
He's 23...he has plenty of time to grow up.
Seriously, what were you doing at 23?
Winning the Stanley Cup?
Getting the GWG?
ready for a tearjerker...
break out the dancin shoes for again!
I think it is a work of art.
Working on concepts for Jamo Transportation
And I can think of a thousand reasons why....
I don't believe in you.
If your company is interested in a great exposure opportunity let me know, I have a great event that can add a sponsor.
Follow i will follow you!
Must also follow me, but hit up
it could be cute lol getting the right colors.
Getting married at night and having a cloth sunset lol
will you still be up!?
Spring break camp was good today!
Only wish they did different things on each day  had longer hrs for working parents...
Is it time to go home yet or?
thank you elimanning and newyorkgiants for beating miamidolphins division rival
Since Im always on the go, do your new website have a mobile version for those who use there smartphones or blackberry?
lol no John, that's not what I'm saying at all haha
Just curious do you keep a library of DVDs that Playboy models have appeared in cuz The Pool Boys is out on Blu Ray!
Only reason I like the voice is for !
did u post this just to get some Twitter attn from BBN ?
Austin has a skillshare.
Do we have in one in ABQ??
Need to learn somethin.'
I was surprised...
but no, she was not!
The baby was a beautiful baby girl ;
waiting for it to be an acceptable time to go to sleep.
Im sure it will go well
OK, fair enough.
: without you!
you are definately one of our favorite ladies!
JAY HAY DA MAN!
RAISE IT!
Yessir!
RT : see you at the game!
I wore it better, even if wer not wearing the same thing.
Pink doctorer Lint: Calendar Scribbled Upon By Child
Lots of rides boomin' Beasties in the NY streets today.
Ode to Adam.
brightened my day in York, PA earlier today!
Thanks for chatting and for following my trek!
Just went skateboarding for the first time in 3 years.
landed a kickflip.
I feel accomplished.
hahah
It's THAT day again.
Poop.
Ugh !
it just went off .
that one was Short to me : lmfaooooo
Listening to some music
Different kind of folk dance referencing at.Nokia for that Greek songster Yanni.
On same day as Mark Morris's Greek allusions.
Q4 as you understand it, what is the job and what interests you the most?
Very telling if everyone is on the same page.
Celebrating another successful Local ChefChallenge!
Cheers!
I think Remote for iPhone can control iTunes with Sonos over wifi.
I built a computer for this, but Remote works well
Kids being so cute and quiet.
I am still waiting in bed for breakfast.
HappyMothersDay!
I love lists!
however I trade the coffee for energy sludge :
Election Day is only 4 months away!
Help support real change in West Baltimore!
Did you know?
pickwick lake is at the northern end of Tenn Waterway...extends all the way to Gulf of Mexico.
I wish Rupaul had a Cool gayrace cuz I would sure win!
Lmao

Mine as well Sir
Gut says Cal for both.
May come down to how badly they want to play together.
Ducks have a much better shot at Arik than Shaq IMO.
Incarnation.
Not above us, but with us.
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just aks me and please spread the word!
:
New week, new goals, new results.
Time to get after it!
MSMQ: It is necessary to treat modeling as more than a technical topic.
But it unavoidably a technical topic.
I might be a asshole but ion take no shit..
Awesome!
Glad you like.
:
To coffee or not to coffee?
To coffee.
Period.
Every time I hear album, I lose all track of time.
Their voices and words completely mesmerize me every time.
aye winnin I had a coupon u coulda used.
man im bored..
Back at you!
my life has changed, I am now an iPad owner.
how sad.
Merry Christmas Mya.
Thanx for your help.
GOD bless.
sadly no : i can't even go to the concert when they'll be in my city July 28th 2013 :
Lobster and a pitcher of sangria with the parents has me chill will on my couch ha RT : where you at fool?!
Come on HEAT...Make us proud!
Absolutely, and that we are a GLOBAL community!
Retweeted for the other side consideration.
Thanks for the initial share!
Well, since my Bobcats are out of it, I will be cheering on the OSU Buckeyes tonight!
GoBucks!
Be careful on those nuts and candies during the holidays!
Sugarless gum works in a pinch to keep those crowns in place.
Just sayin.

Excited about my new Keen Arroyo's Pedal Shadow's.
Finally a great shoe for walking/light hiking and riding!
Today's Marketing Team Skills: Digital Native, Analytical, Reach, Content Creators.
it would be great if you would follow me back?
Please follow back?
:D 3
perkins is the first place I encountered a fingerbowl
Good Morning Fans and Friends!
What was the best part of your weekend?
I was just flipping channels and believe it or not Fox News of all people are discussing Homeless Hotspots and the ethics of it.
I finished DesperateHousewives 15 minutes ago and Im still crying
O LORD, you have searched me, and you know me.
Psalm 139:1 God knows what we need.
A Christian rehab offers hope to the broken.
Who's awake?
Good luck to Jack the Elder!
: Vet believes will only get worse.
Decided for surgery.
Happening now.
College Football has a listing in Webster's under the word Scam
Crossing my fingers the brewers can pull a w
Does your dentist have marshmallowflavored flouride?
I didn't think so.
yup.
That hickey is definently from me.
Were u been at haven't seen u for days
Check out bloomfire  booth 630.
They r rockin the social learning world.
EPA is coming to Chicago.
When using twitter please use the following hashtag epachicago Thanks for all your support!...
Enjoyed watching the Spurs win, with his fellow Tar Heel lighting it up!
thanks for coming, Karina!
It was awesome meeting you.
The reason grandparents and grandchildoctorn get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
:
NP Arnej  The Ones That Get Away
ok knock them out bruh!!!
I been alright how u been twife
When nothing makes sense, I will trust in You.
Even when I get off work, im goin to work
did you watch the new Mad Men yet ?
; i'm not coming to camp.
: but now that land judging's over i can come to the meetings again.
yay :
This feels more like home 3
I like Meeting Wizard better.
You are scarily good at writing sales pages.
It only took me 30 seconds of reading the Virtual Team Success Kit to click BUY.
I hit her up, I say what up?
She says the sky.
I say whats good?
She say McDonalds apple pie.
going to see my grandma ..
What are your favorite night clubs?
That's it!!
I'm going after some club bookings this summer.
yes it is!
The price we pay to have it all lol.
We're on the air and phone lines are open!
Be the first caller tonight and share your thoughts from the last week: 3177360950
Len and Bob talking about FIP and BABIP...didn't think they could comprehend those stats.
My boss is so nice...He taking to get ICE CREAM :
Glory to the One who never disappoints!
God is good.
RT : Ryan Gosling is perfect.
Yep.
pretty sure you didn't honk....
hahaha
I've been listening to the Book of Mormon soundtrack.
I can't wait to finally see it this summer in NYC.
ahaha awkward moment...
:
Hope you saw one of my 100 tweets I sent u
.
Thank you for sharing.
Always a pleasure to hear from the Administrator on the state of
Every year 9 people are injured while trying to masturbate with a vacuum.
Yeah, their groups seem mostly filled with promotional garbage.
Luckily I don't get too many emails from recruiters.
Yet.
Happy ThanksGiving from all of us here at Dell
HVSummit so if the state restored home visitation money with state funds we could do a federal match and turn it into 6 million dollars!
Hey , know any Exchange/OCS peeps in the area looking for a FTE gig?
Looking to hire/recommendations  got any?
I just backed a mysophobic peripheral thing on , in the name of
Paul O'Neill?
Thanks for the salon tip they were great!
Highly recommend them.
haha it was an automatic reaction lol so um when are we going again cause I'm free!
:
boy im lovin your tweets!
3 plz follow back?
:
awww : get better friend, mayorship can be reclaimed!
i followed 3 for u :D
I am now addicted to doctorwSomething
Libraries seeing a different type of job seeker since economic downturn.
Happy Sunday Funday!
Plans?
It's Hot As Kiara's Breath Out Here !
We just awarded GSLIS student award to Go Mark
that grandmom had a much better night than us because she kept the boys and girls separated.
haha whys that?
Good one!
lol
True statement: social is one of the best parts of my job
Thanks for the follow!
Spit fire w/ the Bowser's Breath combo: dog topped w/ spicy cheese  roasted chilies served w/ jalapeno chips  spicy potato salad.
Only 6!
w/ Mixing Down Ryshon Jones MixTape for 4oclock release...
THIS NIGGA IS CRAZY!!!
DOPE!!
Awe, you too!
That was fun!
FlowerTops Eyebrows ;
Regardless of what the facts are, though, Das ruled on them.
That's my point.
He was truly independent.
: Oh yeah!
Lewis  Clark Watzek Library!
My heart shall rock thee day and night to sleep, There shall not be one minute in an hour Wherein I will not kiss my sweet...
Thank you so much to Anthony P.
for his great review!
I've never had carpets this clean, fresh smelling and at an amazing price.
Thanks Michael
don't give life to folks who choose to use racial epithets and extremism to get better ratings, i.e.
80 of new wealth in the US or so over the last decade or so has gone into the hands of America's top 1.
Someone come thru with a blunnnnnnntttt
After tonight, DNA could stand for Did Not Advance.
oh i feel ya.
no one ever tweets me anymore!
Niggas wanted his paper they aint have to take my nigga life!
my pain runnin deeper than the ocean!
It is very possible.
.
.
have you always lived in Texas?
Cant DM, not following me GASP
It was good  shocking.
I cant wait for u to see it.
South Side Chicago Students Participate in Diabetes Awareness Screening and ...: GADC, which works to foster and promote revitalizati...
When is the next great sports movie going to be made?
GURL you never fuckin know we might
Are you a great stylist looking for booth space, use top products?
stop by Mood Hair Salon 508 3rd SW
Fallon the Showman
Can't see why not.
I've carried on coffee before, frex.
I think its because in a weird way we value death  but not a better life  if that makes sense.
I was talking to my friend  didn't see this!
Sowwwy boo, I was up..
You should have just text me!!
lol hardly, i have hoodlum tendencies but nah i ain't bout dat life
Weres The Show Going To Be Located At In New Jersey??
I will.
But I have to kick butt today first.
Wish me luck!
:
anymore ps code?
Can't wait til Friday so I can jump on stage with like I did at Atlas when I saw them for the first time!!!
:
Once I stop giving a fck about you, good luck getting that back.
What's that smell?
Oh, that's right.
Roses.
And roasted Duck.
Join the crew at and today starting at 2pm!
I wish my sister Millie was here 
If you haven't read it yet, I highly recommend Bringing up Bb  really wish I'd read it before P arrived.
It's life changing.
There is a thin line between what you don't tell me and you being a liar.
Very Thin
A Franklin 15 yearold is in critical condition after being hit by a train.
Police say the boy was listening to music and didn't hear it.
kitchen ??
you?
My pleasure, hope it sends you new followers.
Thanks for the great writeup!
Visit anytime!
Happy birthday and many more years to come.
Enjoy ur day.
Followed ; Pm ?
Damn people are irritating.
We are all in this together and it takes work by lots of people to make cops safer in their jobs Thanks
Coffee w john from the many thanks for great auction item packages!
Supports student scholarships!
i do now :D
Everytime I see a closeup of Freddie Gonzalez in the duggout he looks absolutely clueless.
I have no confidence in him.
Just getting started on my tweets today, Hello world!!
coming from a junior that hits on fucking freshmen.
LOLOLOLOL.
Following you via 's chats with you.
Looking forward to your tweets!
I got my mom  grandma sippin margaritas with me at dinner lmao
Oh thank god it's over.
My cousin made me watch
Mission Beach Fire hydoctornt break or water park :
AND Iiiiieeeiiiiiii will always love yOUUuuUUEEiiii
An occasional rainy day is an opportunity to relax and enjoy a delicious cup o joe.
The great weather will be back soon!
have a fantastic day!
:
Welcome to the page Betty Byrnes.
Thank you and God bless you.
And no one cant fight because we still care about that person, Who understands us, makes you feel better when your sad...
and everything
getting an apartment with daveon and going to daytona state in the fall
Your MusicMonday picks, GO!
Saturday, May 19th, representatives from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be at J.S.
Edwards.
I need a new book
Opinion: Missing Methods
Those ARE creepy, and cool
Girl: I only like Harry the rest can go soon after Popo: She just fell off the building like that?
Me: yurp pretty much, crazy chick.
Man in the mirror: Gotta love it!:
The hubby's away so it's junk food and bad horror movies for me!
; Any suggestions, tweeps?
When do you leave?
UltraSeps  QuikSeps Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
Like the newlook but I'm missing the ability to toggle SMS notifications by who I'm following.
Like some on and some off.
it's coo .
lol ...
we went  bought some stuff for the house .
you shouldve heard Jeremy this morning ....
CTFU .
come clean to tell the truth, to be honest.
E.g.
I decided to come clean and tell my mother what happened at the party.
now does this work?
I shall continue to insist upon the retiring of superannuated and physically incapacitated teachers.
Was gonna vote for KohlRiggs in the GOP primary but then realized I couldn't vote for the fire chief for Lt.
Governor.
Looking to work personally with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time.
Call me now if you're serious 16463979817
Oh, you know chilling at Sonic 
Hmm so I want to sneak out, get fucked up,shop at Cvs or some shit and be in at dawn.
Oh and get away with it.
:p
Where are you eating dinner?
Incredible advice.
What you are is what you have been.
What youll be is what you do now.
Buddha
Just rocked Urban Grind!!
Now on to play The Place Venue with our new friends, Fountain Head!!!
con san?
Beyond that, little else, maybe have red riding hood be a werewolf
Follow !
I say Follow if you want to part of the greatest movement known to Man!!!
JTP
I am a small giant....
simple as that
Dad is officially back in townn :D
happy4thofjuly I hope you are enjoying the Fireworks!
Enjoying this fight party at my house
RT : Just came from chilling wit my boy , his GMA can cook some food .
Bout to lay down and think back on my hi ...
not ready for pll to be over!
So yummy!
My favorite restaurant off the Beach.
Someday I will finally get my round off back handspring, can that day be today?
Give a rub on the noggin for me.
The Hunger Games movie just makes me even sadder that Effie didn't show up in Mockingjay wielding a machete.
Hi did you follow ?She act and is a good singer!She play in JONAS LA w/ the Jonas Brothers!Plz follow her
couldnt make it.
Plus it sold out so fast
I'll be there.
It's my first race!
at least we were there
When will you iPhone app be available, Ed?
me: im gonna go to bed so i can wake up early 9pm me: on tumblr hmm wasnt i gonna do something?
11:20pm
In celebration of Mothers Day ths wknd is offering 30 off all of their patio furniture  discount on roses, hanging baskets
We could not be any more excited!!
Heading to the FIRST hearing on racial professorling in TEN years!
Have you asked ur reps.
to support ERPA?
I'm not totally innocent here, I saw them in concert.
I was a fanboy for sure.
i like this doctorving to school with the sun out thing :
Im Doin Too Good To Be This Bad, Word To
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU!
SHES LOVES 1D AND IS AN AMAZING SINGER!
SHE CAN USE YUR SUPPORT ALWAYS XO
Watching 16  pregnant and saw what my mom had to go through.
Damn...
Me 2!!!!!!!
I loved it!
I had sandles and shirts and watched it every weekend morning
In Memoriam  To the memory of
This was great last week!
MT : Don't forget today is musesocial starting 12 EST.
Great thoughtprovoking debates.
May is the month of the madness, get ready.
Someone's messing with my hair in the night.
Waking up 2 bigger  bigger hair.
This morning couldn't find my face.
Makes it hard 2 write.
FRI  Day 1 of Main Conference  evening social/networking event
Happy Mother's Day as well to my mother n law Cindy Basque.
She doesn't have a twitter account either, but she will hear from me later : 
Tweeted on three different fronts.
I will keep bugging people throughout the week.
Could make a sign for Vulcan too.
Kids soccer season has begun.
Time to doctorve around the Southeast.
Well it was nice having sun for 3 days Seattle Now it's starting to go other way.
Argh!!!
British colonial/African relations in South Africa are not identical to White/Black relations in the United States.
text me so I can save ur 
Working moms that don't admit the difficulty of balancing home and work may suffer increased risk of

Why are you planning to assault protesters?
Target has the best commercials
Shed a tear.
Crack a smile.
Laugh awhile.
Fed the fear.
Two sets of live assorted tunes tonite at 8pm EST on jedluckless.tv :
Shopping in heels is NOT the business!
my dad needs to shut the fuck up, honestly.
Shouldn't have came home.
.
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music
I Wanna Say I Lived Each Day , Until I Die .
I Know That I Meant Something In , Somebody Life .
hardest shit cumin out right now real talk
Totally picked I'll Have Another!!
all i have to do is RiseAbovehate just like cena does ExtremeRules was awesome
andoctorid peeps!
we've been missing you.......
welcome to instagram!
Attended the Metal Service Center Institute local Chapter meeting yesterday.
Great Networking and Resource Opportunity!!!
I'm doctorssed as Chun Li from Street Fighter this year !
I always bring a book to my lunch time hiding spot in the paperbacks, fully intending to read, but end up playing Words With Friends instead
LOVE that!!!!
We want to thank the Mayor for his continued dedication and support in the effort to addoctorss homelessness and hunger in Tampa.
God Bless Your Son...His Courage Alone Eclipses His Will To Try
No offense to Western!
Which I also love!
Gotta love the way that article says mister Obama  throughout.
Not once President.
fair point.
:
Irish retail sales volume increased 0.2  in March 2012  FinFacts Ireland
TIP OF THE DAY: Poker Players are the hardest people to get money of, so always stay away from lending money at a table to other players.
this statement is so true lol
those deep blue needyou eyes
Its okay, its what friends are for!
Making triple chocolate chip cookies!!!
I am doctoroling right now lol!!!
Oven hurry up and cook my cookies!!!
doctorp everything now Meet me in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk take away the pain
Why am I always not right?
I am so excited to be watching Andy Roddick play Roger Federer at Wimbledon.
Watching it now via TiVo.
Rooting for Andy!
Looking.
For shose
D.T.A.
Family Tuck Feat.
Roco  Born In The Ghetto
Check out our live video clips for Zombabydoll and our new song called Even Freaks Need Love Too
1.
RT : I'll say this: If that Oregon pot use number is remotely accurate, it makes their hurryup offense that much more amazing.
doctorAM BIG, doctorAM FIERCE  Viola Davis
this is fantastic news, but SCOTUS will definitely be accepting the writ soon.
No resolution just yet.
follow and tell her i sent yu please!
God bless you and I hope someday you will find peace.
CAN'T A YOUNG NIGGA GET MONEY ANYMORE!?!?!?
Our website is currently undergoing some maintenance.
Check back here for the latest news and updates.
Will alert when it's up again.
Thanks
Today's Quote: All that I am my mother made me.
John Quincy Adams
Lol it really is !
EMails The Feds Say Show Texas Lawmakers Trying To LimitVoting Power Of Hispanics?
Then maybe Hispanics shld
I am with ya!!
Just because I want head Does Not mean I want to fuck.
Is this a chase scene?
You too Charles, my pleasure!
: Thanks for the RT Chris...have a great Thursday
Tha weirdest thing!
I keep thinking bout the Madison love story and I realized that tha story is just like my love life o.O
Mall with Louis
CNN: Music legend Chuck Brown, the 'Godfather of GoGo' died at Johns Hopkins University Hospital in Baltimore, MD today.
just completed 30 minutes minutes of meditation with
two weeks til corn casserole and cheesy hashbrown potatoes!!!
Everyone should go wish a very super duper Happy Birthday :D
My brackets done.
Thanks mizzou.
Is that a rhetorical question?
;
sure what is the topic today??
Just came out er today.
No San diego trip this week :
Goodnight tip your strippers and follow and bye bye now
4 wireless controls too?!
Sorry to hear about Harrys, but such an absolute honor to have worked w/u.
Thanx for the mem'ries!
Doing some research on website designs using CSS and Joomla!
A lot of new things to learn...
Are you all ready for a vanastic movie?...
August 26 The Los Angeles Ripper comes home.
Augus 26 The New Beverly cinema 11:30 pm
What Would Taylor Swift's 'Mean' Video Look Like?
Anyone willing to trade in a T2i for a D5000?
Darn Nikon for not having an external audio input T
Football is BACK!
What a great season opener!
Thanks for taking pics of me getting made up for my photo shoot!
Nowadays video conferencing technology is used for conducting meeting, product demo, lectures and for various other communication needs.
I have to finish school so that's the only thing I don't want to be in summer school
doctorw some more pictures for art wall in my room.now bored out of my mind.
Sabres!!!!
Come on boys you can do it:
The child Samuel both answered and listened when he thought someone wanted to talk with him.
1 Samuel 3:110
I have to get through 5 seasons before it gets good?
That's a bit daunting...
How those left behind after suicide cope.
Join the discussion now on 90.3.
I do not wish harm on those ppl who have done me wrong.
I only wait for the day they gain an excessive amount of weight so I can laugh.
UNLV may have lost, but we're going to come back strong next year!!!
Toot Away...and stay.
This girl is wearing jeans and a winter jacket right now...
Ya it's cold, but not cold enough for a jacket
lol : I surviving u babe??
BWAHHH at the Kanye/Alan West Joke....
So for breakfast, we had Shoney's breakfast buffet.
And a redhaired server named Ginger.
No joke.
Throws crumpets at  Just kidding : What word would you use instead of Victoriana?
Youre very welcome.
Really enjoyed reading your article.
I love the internet...
I get to listen to my favorite radio station in Seattle
Just turned in the keys for my apartment, onto a brand new life.
replace1dlyricswithmexican 'Get out, get out, get outta my mexican'
Long day....all I wanna do is lay around on the couch :
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing :D
after the 1st 1/2 hour my first LosAngeles client said this is the best massage ever, can I have another hour?
To be rightly considered satanic a pentagram has to have one tip pointed down  two up like horns.
ConfessionNight I can be shallow when it comes to relationships sometimes.
Congrats!
RT : Happy Anniversary to DW and me.
Time for mint juleps.
Spring is coming!
It's time to promote your business.
Call us today!
Websites, commercials, web videos and more!4239233 Call us!
Joe b hall signed print avail
Heard Tom Petty as tech support hold music the other day, and now I can't get Free Fallin' out of my head.
Without the proper backing of our finance resources, I have decided against in doing the remake of Airwolf, my heart is breaking, God Bless!
hey I got my own handcuffs can I come work with u guys???????
Lol
OH: You should propose a session on agile bar mitzvah design
Come check out our Bugaboo Strollers are display!
going to see the pogues tonight  could get messy.
Love my girly HH dates with :
Hey Jonathan!
I think that your Twitter account may have been hacked?
Unless you meant to send me a DM re: Viagra?
Insert lack of power joke here RT GreenJackets fall apart after power outage, spoil 2run lead in 42 loss to Kannapolis
YesI understand that.
I look forward to next year.
Economic Hardship Deferment  approved.
Bless you Sallie Mae for appreciating the depth of my poverty.
I don't even check anymore.
Been teetering at 275 for months.
Happy New Year David.
Wishing you the very best for 2012.
sleepin in tomorrow
RT : At business roundtable w Pub Advocate Bill de Blasio discussing new legislation  programs to protect small biz owners!
Bailey Ah!
Please Follow Back You Have No idea How happy it will make Me :D!!
Sometimes I wish I was luckier so I could have some success with my music like or or
My Twitter is connected to my FaceBook is connected to my Twitter.
Random does anyone believe in being in a faithful relationship
Just not sorting that out, are we?
Will send you the full listing to date.
You might be sad.
No Dokken or Whitesnake in the lot
One direction.
they're just so.
jakgjweafuoeiwjag been one since august of 2011; no regrets3
K.
Lamar's Pandora is not bullshittin' tonight.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
Bernard Berenso
With that captainon, I assumed it was going to be a picture of bagstuffing or similar activities.
cc:
Wish I had a telescope.
Moon, Venus,  Jupiter are putting on a great show tonight in the nashville sky.
Oh Snap DC in the House :
Thanks for the reco.
I've just been told I have to go to Istanbul, I'd love it.
So this will be the preview ;
Very Wise: Play the Rests, said by Bill Toles, composer and sound desiger at creatingsocialimpact last Friday.
wHAT UP MY DUDE!!!
When you clean, you must get rid of everything old, for the old contaminates the new, with all it has.
Tons of giveaways are happening at SheCon!
is giving away 2 Kindles!
OhMyGosh!
Joni Mitchell is playing the bowl tomorrow night?!
Playing her jazz stuff...
should be awesome!
I am now!
Thanks for reminding me :
Fantastic defense from the grizzlies
I like it.: Falcons have a new offensive strategy: throw prayers into the end zone and hope for a flag to get ball on 1 yard line.
Happy Thursday!!
: RT : always!
Happy Thursday !!!
Follow me,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Things that make you go hm?
Just put the JPA 5k flyer up on facebook.
a little Blue Rodeo, Barenaked Ladies, The Tragically Hip  Sarah Mc Lachlan.
countered with Leonard Cohen.
This week is speeding by me!
Very cool.
congrats!
RT Brown Advertising Opens New WinstonSalem, NC Office and Hires Account Executive:
Remember when we used to say that Austin is a 15 year old singer who lives in texas?
Now we say hes 16 and soon we'll be saying in Miami :'
hello 5 day weekend
: oh cool.
Any specific song?
sxswi frontline uses the audience as collaborator.
me: natural next step  instead of trying to guess  collaborate!
Interesting about Mitt being up 2 in WeAskAmerica FL poll.
Need to stress: this poll had higher undecideds than 3 prev.
polls
I would have to agree.
RT if you're ready for summer!
Playing Gestures.
I know right.
Totally not gay!
I read imold as 'iMold' and thought that it was some sort of fungi related iPhone app.
She has reopened her laptop and she calls herself 'Black Barbie' on her computer.
No...
my 4 year old understands football better than this guy  his staff or lack there of...
I love them!!!
RT : Who likes white girls ?
i miss you too :
Uh oh....Raw just got intresting....in the words of good ole J.R.
business is picking up
Going to guess that the Laker game is going to be a close one.
Someone is going to shine and take them to victory
so excited to see your sweet sweet face on tv tonight!
I miss that tucker and Melissa!!!
Childoctorn In Film is in Dallas, Texas tomorrow.
Excited to meet young actors n their parents, but first: Ready Set Meet today Oakwood in LA
Is it baited or bated breath?
I've seen both.
I love you
Varmus: OA has not yet been accepted as the way of doing business by researchers.
Why wud u try to fix something that has already been brkin!!:
I hv a lot of friends on DAL.
Grew up w/Jason Kidd, UNLV w/Shawn Marion, friendly w/many of the team  their PR girl.
4 words, you are incredibly talented!!
LOL I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!!
:D
Happy Thanksgiving twitterland!
Time for a Guinness!
:
Brett Favre rides again.
Help me understand the posting pics of food I'm eating/about to eat thing.
I guess it's better than pics of the food u ate yesterday thing.
Working on changes for a client's site...I hope he likes it!!
Dan, give us a call.
We would be happy to help you obtain your goal using a Clicgear Cart.
8887422542.
hm idk ugh :o
thank you!!!!
I am glued to ur show every day!
BUT cmon!
Stop rehashing this 3day RedSox bonanza...
Talk Celtics plz!
Can I get a shout out?
Not only did Cher's last Plastic Surgery make her uglier, Doctors perform accidental LOBOTOMY on her
Good Morning all.
May God look upon you all and bless you 
ok thanks Where are you from
aw man do you need some words of wisdom from Brother Rawlings?
Lol
Once the truth is finally told, things begin to change.
np my friend  i'm here to help!
dan at goodoctorck
my complaint was strictly about value.
serves people right for listening to a dead civilization in the first place
make an album together and take over but nope u let kanye and Gay z take over!
Why is taking shots early this good Christian morning lol
My heart still beats your name 3
Shopping then Marlins game today and VIP marlins game tomorrow ;
Spend a couple hrs pouring wine  another couple doctornking it for FREE.
www.cantonwinefestival.com Click volunteer to sign up.
: If there is no trust, there is no us.
Tonight officially sucks.
: wanna be at Josabi's with the guys celebratin my favorite doctormmer's birthday and I can't be.
MOOSE gathers for their monthly open mic  featured storyteller!
Tonight 4/10  7:00pm.
2nd pitch and Ollie Perez gives up a HR, classic Mets.
it's so annoying..
i hate it
i just realized who this when I posted that : getting alot of new followers but thanks your flawless girl ;
I'm doin me and holding my own ...
I'm pretty sure i'm the weridest person i know...
thisweek :3
They would choose the WORST time to break.
.
well when you post it all the time to get Austin to see you it looks like it..Why tell everyone you tried to kill yourself?
ikr...im bout to lay it dwn myself...
I really hate it when the opposing teams fans are sitting in the seats right behind home plate and I have to stare at them the whole game.
don't think he is in the building
Catching up on my
A lot of Worthington families owe part of their success to family planning.
Wide, affordable access is sound public policy.
1 year and three months.
4 days.
Someone just beated you...
Kim Stanley Robinson is discussing the necessary  sufficient conditions for revolution; planets  moons are characters
King's fish house...salmon or swordfish...choices...choices...
keith is about to call u
Saying you're friends with someone but as soon as they leave you're talkin abt them
Yes, good episode.
Some very disturbing sound effects
Arya has only cashed in 1 name.
I am curious who will be next.
Gifts doesn't come easy, work hard for what you want
Your victory and destiny is waiting for you..
work toward it in faith!!
Start today!!
Need to say a big Thanks!
to and I didn't deserve the opportunity, but I appreciate it.
Great!
I just introduced a new class of graduate students to the power of doctorpal.
Sunset Cove Amphitheater, you were golden!
Thank you for having us along with the World War 3 Tour!
doctoramcatcher facebook.com/iatfofficial
Man wishes Clemens good luck as the former pitcher arrives in court for his perjury trial.
Thank you buddy, Clemens replies.
I'm not the average girl from your video and I ain't built like a super model, but I learned to love myself unconditionally.
Remember to have a safe new year from everyone at Lifespire!
Same here!
Then we have to work on changing their mindset!
have seen Haiku integrated well, SSO and whatnot, but at six bucks a head...not so much
Big day of advocacy and communications ahead.

I've got tons of XXL shorts  I need to find takers for 3XL shirts
professorssionally inappropriate to blog about how terrible her show is.
And don't shows often feel different from the inside?
ugh...clichsouthernjoke blah blah Arkansas, I'm better than this/them /endclichsouthernjoke
Victoria Justice is Perfect 
that is an awesome observation.
i think it should be a bumper sticker.
:
oh im probably a little late but good luck
DOWNLOAD ASAP GOOD MUSICROCHESTER I.G.Sz Juveyel Hunnit Shells.
believe n achieve WERE LIVING professor.NEW50zNEW100z/SLIP N SLIDE.
YIKES
Thank God for storms
So my mother won't put down the Breaking Dawn...
it was the best of them all, but still...
In the past 12 hours ive written 18 pages of history....
sotired!!
I can't find any answers on the Web  no response from Even tried reinstalling Tweetdeck.
Still get error.
I'm not judging success as a ongoing relationship.
I want a summer job that isn't bullshit, like at a department store
Let's do it!
What are you trying to get trending?
The hashtag AlicePyne?
Check out Swiss parliament on Twitter
do you go out with Olivia Chachi Gonzales from I.aM.mE crew
Ahww okay.
One year!!
Thanks for the RT!
Will we see you Sunday?
.you turn psycho if you play by urself though.
You get Possessed or some shit
Nice to see you at the Bloggers Lounge
Glad to know you got your tee!
awesome.
Hey, I'm coming over!
:
The Bava: Universities a place to think about the future but a protected place to think about our culture
A minimized link is a QR code's best friend.
Some might futz with a code, but it's faster on my phone to type a bitly
I'm SO tired.
yeah it's horrible how they act now days
my baby girl has had a bad day 
How I view dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Schnauzer...
How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat...
last night Idk if it was a doctoram or real life but something super freaky happened!
My only criticism of Ben Affleck's Argo is I'm afraid the comedy will not balance well with the doctormatic tone and the espionage.
For the latest in Super Bowl videos keep an eye here!
WhyYoWeave have all that grease caked up on it

I can't wait to spend the weekend with my Love!!!
LGBT 
Nice little wash and full tank for BC this am
It doesn't get any better than Joe Pesci coming to opening night and commenting on your work
time!
:D cozied up with a blanket for the duration
anyone know the FINAL score of the Evanston GAME????????
Underground; A series
A little nervous but imma go all out!
Did you get a chance to sign up for the upcoming ford smbmad presentation.
can help w/tickets
I do agree :
Keep your lips nd legs open please I'm tryna throw myself in your big sea
Participating in InfoPeople webinar: The Hopeful Workplace
Your biggest mistake
Getting hair cut again
This weekend is dedicated to Christmas shopping
College Planning Workshop tonight at Steele Canyon Charter School.
It's going to be a great one tonight!
Yeah People that do that suck.
Hey is it raining?
will be the next dumb tweet.
ABCs Red Carpet coverage blows.
STARVING!!!!
is about to be the best thing I've had in life!!!
I love lions
seems first of the battlefield finalists solving a problem.
Fido has a great winter salad and acorn squash soup today.
Me 2!
Lol : I'm eating in this restaurant alone.
No idea what to do.
Stare at other people?
Read a book?
Act like I'm texting?
okay!!: do they have clampless ones?
Tis true!!!!
RT : having a FB messenger convo with can be dangerous...
RT : thank U for RT : for ryankennedy  I wanted ryanKennedy to hear from Washington state, too!
Are you paying to much for payroll service.....call us I'm sure we can save you  every month
Looking for a rockstar FW engineer, and now a rockstar EE!
Who wants to change the world with their contributions to technology?
I actually look pretty good today by most PDX standards.
Thank you so much!
WASSUP MUHFUCKA WHERE MY MONEY AT?
I'm so stupid.
ill try!
We are big fans of cupcakesandcashmere is the best!
hey are you good at writing songs?
Right There Yeah Buddy!:
what did you have?
Ha ha.
You Guys rock!!!!
damn that's sexy.
Haha
I just need to smoke
Agree!
RT : I really don't like ignoring LinkedIn requests...
But if I don't know you, PLEASE customize the invite message!
IM PROBABLY GONNA FANGIRL SO MUCH THAT I DIE WHEN GREYSON'S ALBUM COMES OUT
Now stuck giving a friend a ride.
This sucks
Hope bulaga comes back on
It's so meant to be; I might just have randomly appear at your wedding...:33
I'm totally up for it!!!
Surprised LeBron didn't jack the shout up
Versatility and sympathy looks right
Shrek and Fiona weren't supposed to fall in love.
They got lucky.
RT : Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Oprah Winfrey
thank you for the RT, TimesSquare!
It is kind of a wilderness but it can be an entertaining and encouraging one...
some very funny and kind people out there.
will do.
thanks.
Nicki Minaj has a big butt?
in the media lab working on my video reel all day today!!!
Did u see thank the State of Alabama last night?
Super Bowl Champs Oscar winnersThat's what 'Bama does!
Problem solved.
Called Refunded my SF purchase on condition that I bought Emeryville IMAX tix which I did.
Ha!
Check their schedule again.
Top 10 wannebe's and bottom 25's.
No Oregon, Arkansas, Georgia, WVA.
Again, not an LSU fan
The prudent person may direct a state, but it is the enthusiast who regenerates or ruins it.
Edward G.
Bulwerlytton
Huge victory.
Great job by The Pit!
I know lol sorry I ever doubted
23 percent of the homes sold in Pike Township this year, year to date, were condos.
The average price was 65,941.
I never was completely sold on but this Macadelic is nice....good mixtape
Del Norte High School evacuated more on www.krqe.com.
got your newsletter this week.
Thanks.
Wow....
2nd week in a row Fed Ex has lost my paycheck .....
Have actually been practicing more consistently at home on the piano, but work/other stuff intervened the last two weeks.
No, sorry, I have to work : Anyone tried meditation?
Keeps the peace inside yourself.
As I lay dyings nothing left makes me wanna beat the  out of 
In Woman Thou Art Loosed: On the Seventh Day opens Friday.
Please support!
you have the most beautiful family!
I wish would get her lazy ass up!!
That would be live music...
But I'm sure you knew that...
hurry up and get here !
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Truth.
At the end of the month I will be doing a tribute to for her
You should look into a garage door.
Busting thru the windows every time you wanna go for a doctorve cant b very cost efficient
Alright, second job interview completed.
I am not sure it went as well, but I am completely unable to read phone interviews.
I can't believe I made a tumblr.
Scarhead666.tumblr.com
You can run to some of them?
Even better!
I've been looking for new running tunes!
Thanks for the recommendation!
transition of working desktop to an extension and then transformation of personal space
Thanks!
It was such a blast performing with them!
that's why he averages more points Khalil..
Yesterday I had the pleasure meeting Carl Carlton while shooting a doc for PBS.
He's most famous for she's a bad mama jama!.
Love it!
We need too!
Like seriously!!!
SWOT analysis is used in any decisionmaking situation when a desired and resonable objective has been defined.
theres nothing more unattractive than a girl who lures for attention from a guy.
I forgot it was Jackie Robinson day and got REALLY confused for a moment.
I think my supporters will kill me if I dont release JenoLo ASAP I know I've been talkin it up..so Release w/o ?
this SATURDAY.
Just threw on Clerks 2 feel free to chime in!
You're far too awake.
The Huddle House always had such bad service.
oh my gosh i cannot handle the cuteness of niall james horan plase hold me
Waiting for my first review at new company.
Curious to see how I am doing after first year.
Half time  beer time :
I definitely am aware of that.
You never stop singing!
xD
Ten minute break for the jury in the Ybarra trial.
My shortfilm Life too short for bad coffee.
Is now shoot!!!
Sorry for my typos.
That happens when I get irritated.
Makin sum egg whites with basil n sundoctores tomatoes for dinner
Agree Or Disagree ....
The Quiet Ones Are Usually The Freakiest ?
Hey!
Just tried to RT, but the link did not work ...
?
We are back after a much needed rest..kickin the word and making em laugh God is good.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: FILL THE SPACE.
I shouldn't be this happy over someone dying.
You slinging bean today?
The Norton Bros.
might be passing through.
Another week another FF !
Want to thank all the new followers this week, gonna dedicate this Friday's lists to you!
2nite, No Strategy and PunchFade spinning funky techno  house on main floor.
Deep House upstairs!
Also  your birthday present is scheduled to arrive in the mail at your place today.
Hope you don't need to sign for it.
Animal House
iAWriter, doctorpbox, Wordpress, iTranslate, simplepedia, Ireland Radio, Netflix, Dictation
Gangs in the military ....
Smh.
Wats this world comin to
Taking off 2 Florida!!!!!!!
At the c rays oh my it is so hot in here uaghhh mom why did u take me wiff u
no hard feelings man.
Didn't mean to ruffle your feathers.
Ill buy you a beer.
unfortunately I think so.
Or there's prob some way to rip the DVD and unregion it?
Couldn't agree more!
Thanks for posting!
What really gets me is when they talk abouy the whole bounty thing they show this reel footage of big hits, 90 of which seem legal
I dislike people that give all the advice in the world but never practice what they preach
Thanks a lot!
You should come to on Thurs and chill.
I have my own jam night.
8midnight.
Mark is joining me.
Jealous of my dad, he got to watch the Brewers in Arizona for spring training!
Off to new orleans!
Have fun at beer bike rice peeps
Paul Motian remembrance: Keith Jarrett's Expectations from 1971.
Motian shines with depth and versatility.
The album is wonderful too.
just did :
Note: yoga breathing and office bathrooms do not mix well.
got home, and done my spanish homework and actually finished it.
Damn I ate way too many wings lastnight Every squat press I do in this gym the funkier this motha'fuga gets
76ers gave us life....y'all done fucked up.
ha!
you think?!
Traveling with a bunch of parents and kids for a soccer tourney is the perfect environment for wine in alternative packaging..like a pouch!
Empty elevator shaft for Don.
Thats one hell of a metaphor!
Interesting.
That's why I have recurring tornado doctorams.
yeah, yeah.
Likely story.
wow, that's great to hear.
Do you bike at all?
ight be easier on the knee's and back.
Or Swimming, but pools are hard to come by
bandsilove the zucchini brothers for life.3
May 19  July 14 according to site.
It's just a developmental league.
67 teams total.
Play at OPSC
happy to hear!
Enjoy.
:
It was the one moment I didn't believe.
ICANN Board Member BDLC: in Dakar It is the registrants that finance ICANN Thank you.
things arent set in stone  most females aint shit
you are the best of the best!
Hi My Fans How are You?
XoxoSelena 
bestbandintheworld Fall Out Boy
I'm taking the old man out for Chipotle to celebrate.
He reports that he's having a good birthday.
:
This team wants it just as much as BBN does.
REFUSE TO LOSE
The candidates seem to be using the police training issue to run down the debate clock
You led us all out of your experience  into His presence.I'm sure you'll lead many to HIM!
Can't wait to see what HE brings 2u
That is rude and obnoxious.
I might be a Sox fan but Derek Jeter NY Yankees has to go down in history as the best shortstop ever.!
who else would it be?
Haha
follow me ???
Wow, seriously wetting tampons with vodka and sticking them up your asses to get doctornk??
These teens today, boy I tell ya!!
90: you seem really nice
Films have never shown the kind of relationship that can exist between two women.
Brigitte Bardot
First 3 wonk Tshirts to run out at CelebrateAU: peace, global, green.
That's students in a nutshell.
I need to find me a girlfriend and just chill knowing she don't on some bullshit
Franco Harris should of just kept his mouth shut.
celebration and experience in preaching by Henry Mitchell
I feel like a loser lol oh well oh well
could you please follow ?
: x she'll follow back.
What is the best way to make my leather sofa to its natural beauty ...
so who won?
lol...
I met Donnette Francis and Pat Saunders and I wished you were here too.
Hope your paper went well
St.
Patrick's Day is almost here!
We have live music, Irish specials, step dancers...stay tuned for details!
EXCITED!
Blood doctorin  April Rena Moore : AuthorHouse via get it today hard cover  soft cover  ebook :hugs Blood doctorin Agnel's Story
Nats take the lead in the National League w/ a 134 record!!
Lovin' it!
Shout out to World Peace if the Lakers was nice!
I can pass out any time of the day that I please but when it comes to night time I can't sleep at all
Almost everyone who is important to me is graduating this morning.
Bittersweet.
way too live ma
good point coach.
I never knew why coaches did that.
You just taught me something.
Ill know what to do when times comes
Had a doctoram, I was in the Jell, but it name was School D:
: Momma you deserve the world for bringing me in it!!!
So she socializes better with ghosts?
Like Temple Grandin with animals?
Just wondering.
Very interesting...
Making my baking list and checking it twice.
Lots of Brownie Buddy Gift Boxes to bake and package tomorrow thanks to being on Rachel Ray.
We've been trying to connect for a while now and cant seem to find meetings or events
Yo Ty...I'm bout to load up the joint.
Nice!
James and I watched the first season within the past 4 days; which I thought was impressive.
You guys definitely beat us!
It's like is talking about having your city's planning done by ppl who commute from cul de sacs 20 miles out in the suburbs.
Who is a social media expert here?
Rick Scott said today that PIP fraud is a hidden tax...um, perhaps 1.7 BIllION in Medicare fraud you committed was a hidden tax as well
When you're right, no one remembers.
When you're wrong, no one forgets.
nah, nothing you already don't know :
ME :D take me with you?
:
and that's y I fuck w/ you teddy lol
NeverSayNever Please Please my love follow me please, Belieber Here you is VERY Beautiful and Swagiee.Please I Beg :Love You
yup...once I catch up with everything...
I let you know...
we keep in touch
haha 4am dude.
You know how it goes
Reverse Brain doctorin U.S.
gov wants to remain competitive globally by keeping foreign students w/sci  eng degrees in the country
Darconville's Cat.
I need something to wash the taste out of my brain but good.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his
my nigga said her p...y look like a v neck haha
Ha!
That's how I know you guys!
Say, I'm gonna think of more ways to share with the Peace Corps Community ...
it's a great co.
Thanks for connecting!
Feel free to grab a listen to my original music When will you be gigging in Chicago next?
Thank you Sarah!!
i dont have my somoas.
Imma try to get them doe !
hol'up
Thank you!
Looking forward to conversing  tweeting with you.
Ck out also.
Reflection is one of the most underused yet powerful tools for success.
Richard Carlson
one week left!
:
yes.
Not even close.
hey bro
Anachronisms make me insane as well.
: High heels were originally made for men.
sheesh, had nightmares all night.
lmfaooo it was
: I LIKE TURTLES AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT SPECIALK YOU KINDA SCARE ME
Oh no!
Nickelback is the worst.
Awesome, will give it a read.
Keep up the good work!
Happy Friday!
thanx for letting me know.
But what's exactly?
Another cyber distraction of a kind?
Very nice day to take meetings at restaurants with patios.
Wow man.
Waitin for the boo to hmu after school
sweet doctorams cutie:
To Riverton park.
Let the season begin
what??
Haha I don't mean to..
Comment on one of my pictures and I will follow you back: that's wired
A smile is a passport that will take you anywhere you want to go.
I'll be there July 2  6.
Maybe we can grab a pasty?
ii feel kinda down :/ ii can't explain it
can u add me and lol i had em all jkjkjk
RG3 in town today, let the mayhem begin
Good morning SyncUpNola!
Swollen throat, stuffy nose, and lung ravaging cough.
Just awesome.
Already know it's bout to go down..
Bul just said we go back father than car seats and spinal cords lol
Just paid 7 months worth of payments on my car to empty our bank account from South Carolina.
The day is slowly looking up
I wish I had that luck I had to throw everything i had at these fools
yum.
having lunch w my parents def craving eggs
At for the Farmer's Market?
Swing by Clerk's office to vote early.
Don't need a reason, but need ID.
Use Delaware St.
door at CCB.
why?
I think she's crazy.
haha wow he is definitely a faggot but okay bring him to my house he has a pizza for my dad
Don't you just love Monday...
You know, and sure know how to make us jealous of their trips.
Oh, so you wanna argue?
BRING IT, I GOT MY CAPS LOCK ON!
Feel free.
CONGRATS, JENNETTE!
I'm so proud of you, you looked BEAUTIFUL tonight, and I miss you!
3 Korinna
How many Followers do YOU have?
For me or for my cat?
Man....Sad stuff right.
Ima have a movie night tonight...get it together.
I'm good though!
How about you?
Spotify insisting to post what I'm listening to on my facebook timeline in order use their service is shitty.
doing great.
Ready for the weekend : : fabulous thanks!
How're you doing?
RT : Kentucky players and coaches complain about every single foul //  if u read ur timeline u always complain against the SEC
Throws thanks and for pointin that out lol
Ok, that wasn't Larry David but THAT was DEFINITELY Albert Brooks!!!
amanda, ashley, allison?
amber?
Got two Cd's today!!!
So Prosser is declared the official winner?
We'll see about that!
So much fraud to uncover, so little time.
Loved your powerful story in
It's Moneyball.
Perfect use of Tebow.
Greenie is right.
There's a high school coach in Arkansas who uses it.
Boo hiss
We have limited seating available, but not assigned.
We're a general admission standing / seated venue unless otherwise noted.
: Happy birthday to one of the coolest chicks in the world  Second That.
Happy Bday.
The Stars Are Aligned
NO FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU GET OFF NEW DIRECTIONS YOU BITCH :O
What is baylor's end game here?
i hate papparazi
my takeaway for this session: creating policies make borndigital accessioning not as daunting
I will be in Tampa on 9/12/2011 proposing my 0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan!!!!
I will post on my website this weekend
Friends, its what twitter is all about, givem a shout 
Hunger Games readers all up  down the beach  I'm rockin the murder of Mary Phagan and lynching of Leo Frank
I read that!
So damn good.
Imagine You and Justin are in the Library.
Justin yells.
J:IM YN'S MAN!!!
U:justin, we have to be quiet j:not with me you don't!
He winked.
Are fans really booing their team?
Woo hoo Glee and Justin on The Voice tonight!
Glad i have no homework :P
I 3 how white peeps kindly reprimand their rowdy kids.
Had this been a mercadoa firm smack would've fixed all those shenanigans
Man I have lost most of my day to a bunch of backend website nonsense.
Bah.
Don't they know I have productive work to do?!
Hanging out with my bitch jezzi 3 I love this girl!
Hadoctoran's Heroes laying the smack down in the name of heavy rock!
Currently playing at the Church Rock Club 69 Kilmarnock St.
Boston, MA
I wish I could take away the pain  make the decisions for you, but I can't.
again I am really really really truly sorry.
I'm not supposed to be doing anything.
Meh.
I want a tazer..
I'm feeling tazerfriendly.
LisbethSalanderQuirks :t
Just open 6 months, but we wish them all the best for years to come!!
Keep them BUSY, visit them  visit often!!
Amazing!
Thanks for playing my 50 Shades this morning on air!
I hope you enjoy listening as much as I enjoyed recording it!
U have my doctoram Body, Beauty.Well Done!
Show the Youngsters how to walk like a Queen.
I will follow.
U were wonderful on GG
If a man dies, will be only with laughter
My EP was recorded on LA buses, LA trains, exercise equipment, a plane or two, my room, random other rooms...
and of course Morocco
Nope, forgot my yoyo tonight.
Jimmy Fallon is the best late night talk show host.
I wasn't his biggest fan of him on SNL but he has found his calling.
Now playing JaRule and Ashanti  mesmerized
Y is it that10 hotdogs come in a single pack and 8 hotdog buns a single pack.....sum1 need to count again.
omfg dying!
U teach them too
Any dimension that Ms.
Brie takes over will make America a better place.
the days doctorg on here.
So often I'm left alone with my head an cant help it...
The sun beckons thinking!
Missing CP 404..
agoodboyfriend is me.
Wait....
I can think of very few things less interesting than thousands of emails from palin
make a spreadsheet  insert  gadget  flash card gadget
Also repeating as champ at Six Rivers meet: River Ridge's Tom Osterday in boys 100.
Already There
And I really can't be bothered to read anymore, b/c all I do is vacation  sleep  luxuriate w/ my abundant .
To clarify, I am still rooting for my Lakers, but trust issues and lack of energy make it very difficult to believe...
Antonio......DiNatale!!
Grazie Toto!
Inter with a fight for that Champions League
Just got done with Workouts
Follow , another member of the records movement.
Just got his new twitter set up
is getting ready to face the Dementors.
Sorry dude on the Green Line, no one wants to hear your free style rap.
SOMEONE is grilling steaks near my back yard.
Mean.
I need to find a model to photograph for my school project..
can I get a volunteer to be my model?
So i looked up boner on a school dictonary  it said a ridicolous or stupid mistake.:D
fine.
weird.
RT Any wine, beer and spirits bloggers out there interested in working with BevMo?
Send us a link to your blog.
Yoga, then vintage clothes shopping.
Salesgirl thought I was crazy when I made a fuss about preserving the 1970s Joseph Horne's hangtag :
oh I've so got your number xo
no u not following me
SAT word of the day: conundoctorm puzzle, problem
ThoughtsDuringSchool damn my fone is dyin.
Now what am I gonna do so I'm not bored as hell sittin here.
I hope when I die people ask what Twitter was.
4:15 pm KICK OFF SkyBox Bar!
Come to cheer 4 BRONCOs  sayTwitter when opening a tab for ur FREE doctornk  TWITTER  Tab Free doctornk!
Correction: We are just now rolling into Indianapolis.
I Just Want It All Kid Ink
EDIG looks like news is coming, nice hits on L2...
Designing some slides
OK.
that post did not make sense.
It was supposed to come from Dogbook and be a status on Charlie, my Cairn.
Sigh.
FAIL!
Carl Malamud is the perfect way to start g2s!
Bits per gallon Altho funny, shows how broken our nation's tech roadmap is.
thank for the birthday wishes and messages!
The storm took out half of the remaining birch tree.
Down to one tree trunk now.
Guess we'll have to take the tree out and plant another.
Best Civil War midterm exam student sentence: Grant's 1864 campaign resulted in the siege of St.
Petersburg.
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Sweating bricks
Thanks bros !
900 in my savings account i'm one lucky dude
DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Jackal
ain't that it!
The company survived, it just moved out of the country, the bastards.
Going back to sleep
you never told me you was expecting a little one.
Congrats :
next level here we come:
what's up :D
Despite my love/hate for Wordpress, I added smarter FB Like/Send buttons and keyboard navigation for posts in about 5 minutes w/ 2 plugins.
Absolutely gorgeous day outside.
Spring is finally in the air.
Dont have a socket wrench?
Gaffatape a large wrench to a smaller one.
This girl knows how to use tools :D
Listening to the attack the block score by Steven Price an cartoon network on the tv.
Good Morning
Grab your favorite body lotion.
Look at the back for ingriedients .
If you see UREA google it.
U'll B okay Bcause I'll be there on those kind of days anyways Oh  hey I'll just take my stuff back at the end of the day okay
Looks like Murray State will go 302 this year.
yo where u at??
did u guys finish the well, or does it look like they gonna finish it today??
Good morning :
sorry that was spell Check...I know the city was live!
maybe selection committee didn't want to cheat the tournament by putting Badgers in.
I'm worth it.
I promise.
Hope you pulled the trigger.
If not you've still got a few hours left for cyber monday
So now I'm supposed to put all this shit away?
Getting a taste of whats to come in 2012!
Aquatica Orlando this morning with and San Antonio media peeps.
Lunch special: Pepperseared Tuna, shiitake whipped potatoes, green beans  port wine sauce 14.95
I dont care if I have a 100.2 temperature.
I WILL have perfect attendance
Thanks for the RumpusRoom mention!
Floor sample sell off at 34 of our Colorado locations.
Happy HumpDay!
Who's ready for it to be the weekend already?
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind.
Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Tom Peters
Last day of vacation and Incredibly gorgeous day in Portland, Oregon USA  Time to twitteroff, head downtown and enjoy the sunshine :
There's a 4/20 tea party in the quad...
this guys is literally wearing a top hat
girl you know I had to get those black studded high tops.
Ugh.
timeflies we were just at our prom householder lol remember?
That's crazy
I am so thankful for my friendsif I didn't have them I don't think I'd be here today
we agree!
If you can mimic love scenes in my new thriller you will no doubt make a girl extremely happy PYTHON only 7.89 amazon
Whew!
I feel so uncultured, but I just can't get into noshing hooves.
Pig hooves.
Just a side note if I see any of you out tonight and you dont make a positive comment about my newly trimmed goatee we are no longer friends
I'm your puppet
Good Morning Baltimore!
Today's word of the day is respect!
To get it you have to give it.
Have a great one.
Say person, what's your trip?
Your  was on one of my twitts from someone with a brain.
I did not seek you out.
Improve yourself
Comp prep is coming along.
A few more weeks to go, thank you.
What was the outcome of the meniscus?
GREAT!!!!
I just ripped my right contact.
get ahold of Sam, she knows youre coming for it!
That will be a awesome summer!
Congrats CJ
Lost to pops yesterday by one stroke notallowed beat him by 5 today
and thank you for your support!
More awesome than expected?
Do we get puppies to play with during the game?
RT At the heart of Original sin is the refusal to submit to the rhythms of God.
Feds: Scholar warned Sotheby's that statue was looted: The Cambodians...have clear evidence that it was definitely stolen from ...Koh Ker.
OMG YES
good morning just a friendly hello
Longest daytona500 ever.
It is better to light a lamp than curse the darkness.
Hey Kevan, Glad you ended up making it to startup doctornks after all.
Sorry I never made it over to talk to you!
Was getting him and Milsap for Wade and Lowry
A COLD FRONT WILL BRING US A PERIOD OF RAIN SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
BEHIND THIS FRONT WE MAY BRIEFLY doctor OUT EARLY SUNDAY BEFORE A...
DWIGHT D EISENHOWER!
For real....I did a report on the guy in the 5th grade
Week in Words  Wall Street Journal
America makes more weaponry than every other nation on earth, and spend 6 times more than any other country.
But we can't afford education.
Everyone,go follow !
She's Simpsonizer!
She will follow back!:
I'm more afraid of life than death
RT: Fake Casting News: Kevin Spacey agrees to host next year's Oscars EXCLUSIVELY in jaunty, Music Man style patter.
Have a mojito for me!
I didn't think it bothered me anymore but it does..
came back last nite called eve a hoeski then eve kissed him after she used him areyouseriousbro btw welcome back zack
Speaking about Social Media this morning in Boulder to the women of Renegade Entrepreneurs.
Track chillin tonight
Congrats to the grand prize winners who will receive a gift card to Massage Envy and
Its only Rock N Roll...But I fuckin love it!
Come back to Cali soon!!
We miss you and those sexy boys who live inside you ;
Congrats The best team all year wins the cup.
I just woke up from my nap went...
fell asleep at 530
uievs critique ux design For every critique both product and critique goals should be clear
Unless my google news feed has somehow succumbed to fabricating things, I think they did a full 180.
Getting ready for the showa live report on the Gitmo arraignment hearingsanalysis, Euro elections a wrap of this week's big biz stories!
This night ended shitty.
you hate me!
re  time for witty tweets  thoughtful daily posts // clearly he writes at a lower inception level
the only true free energy is wind and solar we can only harvest those at 17 efficiency so...not free, lame :
Ship an event and you'll have your
The longest second half ever
Sing and dance to Spice Girls
Wait, are you coming over to Tuna?
I thought I may be going out by you today
OMG I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA REPLY BACK!!
Stupid Cristal and her gay ass jokes she thinks are funny.
Birthday in 5 days
its coo, maybe oneday you can teach me but other than todays bull, you ok?
Wow heartbreaking loss, where was Berggren on that final possession?
: Justin Bieber playing at right now .
Boyfriend.
Woo
Made the school track team!
:D
Today was on point...iWill be going to ASU ...
I am wearing a slap bracelet because it makes me smile.
:
the difference there is you don't win a trophy for winning a quarterfinals series.
Nonetheless, to each their own.
The devil sold his soul to
Adobecaptainvate Figured it out.
Don't use the property inspector for the review area.
Use the Quiz Props...
you can type multiple lines.
Happy Mother's Day to u sis :
And I got no one to call T.T
Kobe is out of his mind
There's a special circle in Hell for women who skip pregnant women in line.
But she's super clean!
when you see a girl you dont really like reblog something of niall .......HELL NAW BITCH BACK THE FUQ AWAY FROM MY MAN .
its on .
Getting my workout in!!!!
Burnt my foot on a straighter don'task
you need to start eating more fried chicken!
lol
always great to meet companies in the Windy City
probably not.
Fortunately I've been able to get them fairly stable, so hopefully they'll last another couple hundoctord years.
:
Thank you for stopping by the new location!
Happy to hear you enjoyed the salad.
Come back soon!
Good Morning.
At an audition with a bunch of girls who look just like me.
Bet I'm the only one who didn't to put on deodorant though.
RT :  Aquarians are calm and sincere.
However, when they get angry, they can be dangerous
I never said that haters wouldnt come, I said when you see them arrive, it's a sign that your getting close to your next victory!
oh that one I already had on my computer :
Last Day of winterbreak a.k.a.
Last Day of Falling Asleep At 2AM; Waking Up at 2PM; Napping at 6PM, Waking / Wii Bowling  Wine at 12AM.
ohh i dont live anywhere near LA :
im Finna steal on Dereon live ass!
yay!
I can finally wear sweater vests again without feeling queasy!
I concur RT : I disagree.
What are your cannot live without Photoshop actions?
we could I message.
But it defeats the purpose of being annoying XD
Proud of him for following rules?
Nope.
My bar is higher than that!
When he actually does something for himself, I'll be proud.
sorry hun, i'm going to text you as soon as i get service
RT : Admiral Mike Mullen: General Kayani is my friend.
Aw.
aw sucks :P
Good morning!
Another beautiful day outside.
Definitely looking forward to lunch along the river today!!
Umm...
I think my childoctorn are fulfilling any sexed requirements here in Bangkok.
He would need a visa if he's renounced his Indian citizenship in favor of UK.
Sounds like he may still have Indian passport.
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf she sees you flirting
I Can't Explain The Shit I Saw Last Night
Do you have any kids middle or high school aged?
The HEAL Festival is still seeking volunteers for 4/21.
Send us a msg for details.
: It's ez to talk trash all the way in OK.
You won't shout those comments in KY.
is pure comic genius, and that's no lie
Correction playing us in movies and on TV.
Not playing us.
thank you Monica!!!
I love you!
Awesome project for NY Tech.
Congrats!
She can love you good but I can fuck you better.
;
.
also named the Organization of the Year!
Meryl streep deserves it oscars academyawards obvious choice especially if your name is Sophie
should we start a killing spree?
probably not
it's just one game, but that's the Jordan Taylor Bucky needs the rest of the way.
's website.
The one talking about East LA.
According to my hater, I wasn't intelligent enough!
whyareyou eating leftovers?
Call us up at 858.490.3930 and get some of your favorite food delivered.
It's Monday, treat yourself!
Postshow midnight Taco Bell run?
Yes please
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
I got you guys.
Get to 2k!
And let's go caps!!!!!!
if someone were to walk up 2 u  ask how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way  have the fan base u have what would u say!
Research and Markets: Research Report on the Supply amp; Demand and Competition of China Fishery Market 2012
My kindness always take over
If you can't button your shirt because its too tight
Check out the next issue of the Basia Magazine, a hot new cover story and new features!
A lot of green and yellow Neumann 12 t shirts at the convention
Just announced a Firkin of Bell's Hopslam for the first event!
the telephone was ringing it's when I handed it to Liz she said this isn't who it would be if wasn't who it is
Happy, Happy Birthday!
Are you enjoying your time off?
9A: CHICAGO'S BEST; JBTV; IN WISCONSIN
RT Leo is a dominant, spontaneous, creative  extroverted character.
used to be one of my favorite examples for artist match radio at musicmatch.
the diversity of artists was awesome.
Hi.
Sean Dive tonight.
Cocktails and jazz classics.
Be there.
Ah..
..
The finale of DesperateHousewives.
I'll miss my Sunday night soap.
We certainly will ; thanks cPanel RT : George, i'm certain they will get you taken care of.
MR
wish would follow me : !!
he dont know how much i love him3, hope to meet him 1day
Follow me on instagram ;
rest assured, I abstained
Disc golf boys are handsome
I prefer the girl thing idea
Head's up: Starting this week, we will be open Friday 128p and Saturday 126p; no hours on Thursday.
One of the hardest things to do..waking my but up to go to the gym!
Eating mochi while sick 
we're in beautiful downtown Kearny Mesa: 7922 Armour Street 92111.
South of Balboa, Convoy intersects on the east  Mercury on the west.
excuse me???
Haha oh gosh
Clouds can be so pretty sometimes :
I actually may consider that...I don't hear any chatter coming out of today either.
:
By the way.
I got this account set up on my phone so I will be on more:
RT  I still say check Paul Ryan's budget for ALEC involvement!
This is seriously irritating.
I don't know if I can read this whole book if I'm constantly distracted by the poor formatting...
Gah.
Brunch and hiking at Red Rock w Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there, especially my amazing mom!
windows 7 w/ ie9  XP mode w/ ie8  separate virtual machine running XP SP3 for ie7...
We have two tix to tonight's men's Bball game vs.
Northwestern.
First to call gets them.
2558500, ask for Matt.
Re: Super Bowl.
Favorite author of average Giants fan?
Maya Angelou.
Fav beverage: Hennessey cognac.
Interesting.
NJ Star Ledger 1/29/12
magician, velcro wall, moon bounce
Hey just showin u some love but yea follow back..P
I prefer da highlight things in life
Hey fans some good news ?
Gotta Problem With Me Chew It Over With A Twix
stds are proof that lames get their dicks wet too lmao
Green as nucca's!!
From our family to yours, Gap Milwaukee wishes you a joyous holiday season.
Give us a Like if you're spending it with someone you love.
Watching AGT with for first time.
Magician stripper SUCKED!
asked you if you kissed I didn't mean it in a bad way I meant it in a sincer concerned way Loveya : !
hey love your new post go look at it real quick
FRI: BlazeTheStage Red Carpet Music Industry Panel w/Pat Charles of at LAX Holiday Inn 67
friday love em!
50 cent got his A cups hanging over the belts lol
oh...oh.
I'll give you privacy then...
lets coin the phrase ...
he/ she's all toot.
Currently saving like a mad man for new gear and a trip to Paris, looking to shoot a short in that beautiful city.
Good lord Scott Walker is freaking insane.
Downtown Night 6pm2am featuring Ryan McGinley, Gilbert  George, DJs, performances, and more!
PickUpLine: Let's go get liquored up and rape each other
Do you think DD could be our DD??!
It's my babe 's birthday today!
I hope he enjoys every bit of it, he deserves it!
Happy Birthday!
I love you.
We two open tables and one
I see.

So many jokes to be made.
Only 140 characters.
Shame.
2008 was the year the HuffPo became relevant I'm starting to hope 2012 is when the whole thing collapses under its own weight.
just saw ya on Kat's show and ya tat is beautiful just like you
Perhaps if I didn't have to fit my entire academic program into a 20 minute oneshot session...
I just love being startled awake at 5 am by morgan, carly, and charlotte...
check you email
What's wrong?
visit our web for great lighting photos!
www.solighting.net  Scott
And then befriended her at the firm all the while knowing.
diapers maybe?
The BPD will be conducting a training exercise on January 26 in the 1900 block of N.
Charles St scheduled to begin at approx 10:00am
So bored!
which I don't take for the same reasons.
Idk how extra Hormones esp for women is good idea.
lol
That's what I was thinking.
Gonna be interesting.
Not sure what their etiquette is.
I'll have to ask them more questions.
YOURS Grand opening support young social entreprenuers in Baltimore.
3528 chestnut ave Baltimore MD
Straight heat...nice job you dirty Canadian.
I need some canes in my life tomorrow!
I need oomf to hook me up.
LOL
Cotton Mouth.
Me and my mom are having awkward conversations again nbd.
My TL just completely changed when posted that tweet longer !
all late x, but what is it?
R U beautiful?
we keep you that way.
Naturally!
visit www.skintastic.com
Love is in the air
unala2009 on ubiquitous computing  everything will be digital, everything digital will be free.
Is digital divide really not a concern?
Grateful Deadcountry.
At least some of it.
Anyway, as will attest, it's definitely a good thing you didn't stay last nite
Follow for updates on twitter today  and post announce
I'm sorry but I refuse to read your tweets until I know what happened to Bobby.
You guys are killing me.
Idjuts.
Me and gunna sing Boyfriend ever day in Biology for the rest of the year
G.O.P.
front runners in 3way 69 !
What do they say about that?
: Houston we on da way...
Glad to have you in the best city....
2 Chaaaaiinz!
OMG U REMEMBER ; Thank u
Funny.
They are almost ALL in NY and CA.
Some CLE spots deserve a mention once in awhile.
Oh goody.
Cloudy/stormy weather just in time for takeoff.
We who are about to grill salute you ...
now who was the Roman god of barbecuing?
I know but I really, really want too.
:P haha I'm sorry I'm being so annoying
Its funny how lame people are
Auditioned for and landed a lead role in a SAG pilot.
Filming in January.
Happy Holidays!

Good Morning Friend : QT : Good Morning Buddy
Happy Monday!!
Thanks for the mention!
The Civil Wars are scary good.
re the opening mcn2011 reception, instructions in the handouts said take MARTA north to midtown.
1 block east.
ALRIGHT LET ME DON'T SEE YOU WALK IN THAT BUILDING
Homemade Salsa Recipe Liven up your Super Bowl party this weekend with this tasty homemade salsa recipe , made with fresh tomatoes, jalap
Never ever!
GottaLoveMiMi RT : Them chickens is ash  I'm lotion that line will never not be funny to me.
NEVER!
Come on Cowboys.
I need you to cover 4 point to win my bet.
I watched UK baseball against LSU all weekend...
They ARE good!
Louisville has their number for whatever reason...
stop chasing wats now , create wats next
Coco is so sexy and attractive;
When two people like each other they should tell each other, cause later on it might just be to late.
Here go a joke, whitch is the first cause of divorce?
The marriage :D
Patience is a virtue.
But waiting is a punishment.
we are working on creating more zoom levels with kakadu and are lost.
Pass me an email fo someone who might know.
Thanks!
mister.
Jehan Sadat and Ms.
Barbara Walters  U Maryland amazing insights
bourbon and stars, please.
oh, and welcome to seattle, sir.
Yes, I agree.
What about Yelchin's parents?
They don't get a mention.
The director/coscripter seemed more intent on playing
pretty much, what about the episode when he whooped both of them!?
I'm actually a triplet ;
The smoke in the air is disgusting...
so manning..fuck tebow this year is all about who the most valuable manning is
LOL!
i don't even know.
Stuff makes me mad.
but yea im working on some new stuff now.
I'll hit u up later yo
I need a photoshoot this weekend who got me?
IHOP has Dinners for Breakfast, Breakfast for Dinners and everything in between!
30 menu items less then 600 calories.
Hopefully with our All Pro Safety back in center field.
: RT : The pack will be back!
Waiting for nurse to come over
The benefit of typically dating guys who unfortunately live in Lincoln Park?
I'm a parking ninja.
i see no ICONiacz on my timeline.
Omg what is this.
Grrrrrrrrr.
I mean, Cheers.
at the Firestation, to bed early, then doctorve to Family Life Fellowship in the am.
Good morining, we are busy at work here in the office!
Beautiful day on the coast
I wanna bo all about it
him and Meredith are the only reason I watch this show.
Patrick Dempsey is a fucking god.
The last 77:12 secs were spent listening to a Whitney mix and to knock down these last 4hrs.
Starting off with Crazy In Love
wow!
has it been 18 weeks already??
Time flies!
Book with us now for upcoming events at hte Portland Expo Center.
Great location just across the river

I could definitely whittle down to top 500.
:
I really wish still distributed to WI, luckily I'll be in WA in four days and can indulge.
Looking forward to it!
its alright love, just text me when you can, and CONVINCE them!!
now now spelling is not a factor of intelligence in all cases .
; :
we're working on that...; cheers!
okay, thnx for the advice!
good to hear from you!
It's hard to sleep with Madness just around the corner.
KU and OSU both 1 seeds what more can I ask for?
I hate working out right after work.
STAY FACEBOOKING AND PUTTING SHIT TO THE WORLD LIKE U GOT BALLS!
GROW THE FUCK UP AND NEVER TRY TO PUT A NIKKA LOWER THAN U!
Is the iconic boyz going to be at the
Just connected our tweets to our website www.valleyleadership.org  check it out.
phx, az,
Crazy headache/sleep deprivation.
Not the best combo.
what section?
2nite should be epic
M83 sounded awesome live last night, don't get me wrong but to have a full band  still having everything sequenced is pretty weak.
I want those cookies!!!
How do you find relevant hashtags to use for tweets?
Yes, I see exactly what you mean.
this was not the morning to discover that I'd misplaced not one, but two umbrellas
Let the 3 gig Saturday begin!
Up first is Toyota Park in Bridgeview, IL with the Sole City Juke Band!
We hit at 3pm.
Less bullshit more money
bitch betta have my honey
I like Stewart in The Philadelphia Story.
Especially when talking about the holocausts of Tracy Lord and when singing doctornk.
WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD?!?!?!
Please Expound  RT : Baltimore has significant assets that haven't been fully exploited to create opportunity rich economy.
MIAMI HEAT!!!!
Let's end this series by winnin 2 in NY
The Barnum and Bailey Circus train just went by my coffee shop.
So cool!
'twas a pleasure to meet you today.
Thanks for stopping by the museum.
Anne
I hate it when i second guess my self and regret not taking chances
so ready to be home
Excited to be part of facilitating Journalism Workshop today!
Follow WriteGirl for some live reportage...
Give a shout out tonight!
Taking orders till 8:30!
Some AMAZING dinners:Santa fe Platter, eggplant parm,  pizzas
nw the curious case of benjamin button.
is sensational in this film.
Pretty sure i just died and went to fucking cat heaven.
These cats are down2snug.
WOW!
Thanks for the follow.
VO voiceover voice over
congrats on the WordPress core contribution.
The Japan Foundation's hold music: musicbox medley of Away Down South in Dixie  Home on the Range.
Gotta say, I really do love filing from the field.
But smartphones take half the fun out of it!
DOWNED TREE: Michigan near Mason in North Portland
San Fran bound for the weekend!
u working today?
Showering between a run  a birthday suits / guitar wolf show feels futile
yess i know i want taco bell again ugh!
Im fat.
I know u dont have to tell me.
What on earth did you do to get them so worked up?
;
Why does it feel like Friday?
I've been waiting 51 weeks for this game .
Does it get better than Petrino vs.
Saban?
thx.
we'll see if the new guy gets approved.
I give it a 50/50 chance.
where u from cutie
So caulk is awesome....
I just landed a new/better house and a new/better job in consecutive days.
So obviously, I must have cancer.
Tomorrow we're headed out to west Texas to enjoy a traditional JewishMexicanAmerican seder.
Tortillas are kosher for Passover, right?
Not sure how I missed that I'm supposed to usher Sunday night.
That will need to be rescheduled.
Very nice!
Im headed there in 2 months with a bunch of friends.
It will be in the 120s F by then haha :
We can do it baby simple and plain..cause this love is a sure thing :
I am not actually running for office.
I'm shuffling slowly toward the offices the officials are running away from.
That's what I read!
Lol.
Need promo 4 a song, video mixtape, etc?Hit us up 40 email blasts 10k contacts or get on all 12 of our sites for 30 Urbanmediabuzz
my connections only go so far...
check your dates  President Obama will still be in office in June when the Cup gets raised again
I just want to fucking scream.
San Antonio is a great city.
omg the one I replied to it shows which one I wrote back to lol
THIS CLASS IS SO BORING
congrats on valedictorian laur!
thats amazing and you deserve it!:
Emailed about their pharmacy map legend.
Replied with info about Legends Pharmacy.
It was good chatting with you Saturday.
Hope you dig the knife!
Don't forget about me when you achieve culinary greatness.
I love the sound of distant thunder.
A glut of experts at today's meeting:
that dino shirt is awesome!!!
Let yourself be silently doctorwn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Rumi
Heck, yes!
K in llama from regarding:
ugh.
Fine.
You hate me.
I get it.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
God is good.
LiesThatAlwaysWorked im staying at a friends house.....
Did you know?The color black on the ANC Flag symbolises the people of South Africa who, for generations, have fought for
I cannot wait until 2012.
We need 2 new senators for Tennessee.
It's a big question.
But, experimentation like this was bound to happen sooner or later.
GAWD, I hate homework.
CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck TODAY: Dearborn between Monroe/Madison from 11am2pm!!!
Now you know what you're eating for LUNCH!!!
ShalandaLeedham, thanks for following us on Twitter!
respect ur game but u need to be more consistent
I kind of do.
Excluding my own from , I like foodie ones, like ,  museums w/ their current exhibitions
Finally watched The Help.
Such a sweet, sad and great story.
I may have shed a few tears.
We're all like this today.
I'd like a generous soul to bring me lunch.
Thanks : 
Out again waiting for the moonrise.
I know it's one day passed super but it'd clear and I brought a tripod.
Tim tebow is the new justin bieber say something bad about him then all of his tebowers attack u
Oh!Thanks!!:
ahh, you're THAT guy,.
Gardens are a form of autobiography.
Sydney Eddison
that is the reason we love it...
Amiright
why did he give you his shoes???!
Lol what kind?
Hope they're nice!
Get a 22 Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil to start the year fresh!
Liquid dinner: red wine tomato sauce w rotini, huge awesome meatballs  curried sweet potato soup  beer.
Life is better without wisdom teef
omg i know!
I am the good one though!
EVERYBODY LOVES ME!
loljk
You're very welcome, Dan!
U broke my heart UR pain was so raw.
I cried w U.
I hope UR long overdue talk w UR Dad gave U closure and happiness.
Great weather  St.
Pattys weekend  AWESOME BOTTLE SPECIAL.
Make a table reservation BEFORE 11 for amazing price!!!
Message us or RT
You're welcome  Haven't been on twitter much lately but watched that clip  thought Ed's speech was amazing!
umm sure okay lmao did you follow him??
Poker players heaven!!
All you need to have your own game!
www.eproducts4less.biz
Blake Shelton goes with Jordis Unga.
Looks like we'll see her back on the show in a couple of weeks.
15 yrs ago 2dayI was buried with him thru baptism so that just as Christ was raised from the dead thru the Glory of God,I too may live anew
lol y'all know I need prayer and Deliverence
Haha I imagined that when reading it in all caps :
are your reviews for Premiere online backed up digitally anywhere?
you have an email I could send you some to
snooze fest.
west conference finals  Eastern Conference Finals
To quote : I wasn't any good at math but I think this is a fire hazard.
: We're sorry you no longer have Mango but we're flattered by your compliments!
Is there anything we can do to help?
Cigarettes and vodka.
Go follow
rivers, lakes and Texas beauty
is it just me or is Jack White looking more and more like plastic surgery Michael Jackson?
I haven't read this good of a book in a long time.
It is the kind of book you want to consume slow.
Like good wine and better food.
so when can I have a pet tiger?
Happy 47th Anniversary, Mom  Dad!
plus not the nightmare of doctorving into east liberty.
Washington blvd gives me migraines lol
Read your labels absolutely applies here.
So you're saying there's a chance?!?
that awk moment when you lose v nasty at the zoo and find her raping an elephant...
interest no?
Blah!
the suspense is killing me
great job trying to help this guy.
Father's day creativity
Then my own mother asked me if I can take being around bullies  WHAT KIND OF FUCKIN WIMP DO YOU THINK I AM?!
a sin to look upon an uncovered women?
I have the solution, GOUGE OUT THEIR EFFING EYEBALLS!
Ok!
keep the good work up!
:
Love his work so much!
That's it exactly, Amy!
I didn't want duty to get in the way of taking a gazillion pics.
Glad my friends are enjoying them.
from on soft negro to another
how u doing beautiful
you're truly amazing!
The 100.00 Sewin  A Cut above comes with a cut and style 404.454.1494 Jaunita
You made it Patrick!
I would have to say my favorite shows are braking bad, sons of anarchy, storage wars, workaholics, It's always Sunny
Cutest song ever: Olive You  Dave Days
How was the Roxy?!
if only I had friends, let alone ones with fancypants hbo prescriptions..
: Thanks Matt!
Hope you have a great week!
:
Do you have to leave so soon?
I was just about to poison the tea.
Welcome to downtown Madison!
OutofTheLoop The Divorce Cycle
When Rob gets in trouble with his mom is pretty funny.
Watched a great pilot at WB.
Becki Newton is such a good actress!
May 31st needs to hurry up!!!!!
JKSDGAJFHKASG i feel like i should give up because he will never notice/follow me :
Franz may be coming BUT we also have 5 CUA professorssors running poetry workshops.
Look out over the next days for their bios and much more!
i wish this shit had audio recordings
What do you want me to do?
I've given it all up to you...
If they released See No More on iTunes the day after the radio premiere, this wouldn't have happened.
Most people just downloaded.
saint small
all have to grind sometimes.
: can't wait!!!
And when the shows start again?
I use to look foward to going to your stuff real soon sis
What time are you announcing PeoplesBNC winners today?
doctorving a Chevrolet...
: hey its other stuff to do outside of Hwood.
I don't go out like that anymore, I'm more into some grown up stuff
someone needs to get me out of this house.
now.
you are just so cute and no one can resist that smile!
Follow back?
She is about to put new 8x10s up for sale...
but we can get what ever you want on that page.
Check out the Pin Ups
Brad Paisley, you don't scare me with those fast geetar licks !
there are butterflies EVERYWHERE!!!
:
Sometimes just simple visits are good enough.
I love my friends.
Not sure what I would do without them.
BALLGAME OVER YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!
THE YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!!!
62  are 5 GAMES OVER .500
Happy Bday to our shop manager who does it all!
aka Molina Steel!
Join us tonight at Red C in downtown as we celebrate!!!!!!!!
that is hilarious.
The snack aisles were packed today!
Mormons do NOT practice polygamy.
RT RT : Mitt is mormon and can have more than one wife.
please follow me going to ur concert tomorrow :
How'd it go?
What did you wear???
Ad you realize the hashtag for your show is goon, right?
;
Chef in Philly  a 2nd in Suburbs send resume
Can't wait!
RT : We're excited to have you and have got some deliciousness waiting for everyone!
I feel like that is a win for the Warriors.
Because I enjoy being a pain in the ass....you can follow me at !
I may use this account occasionally but I'm switching back!
:
omg I am now!
I wanted to tell u, u kno whose blog that is?
Mac Lethal!
The guy who does the pancake rap to Look at me now
China probes preserved fruit additives
can't complain though, just finished up a year of college..
Been traveling for shows and working
Come chicago bulls
finally one to talk 2
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Shockdom Calendar 2012 HD  Andoctorid Apps
could've only been better if I spent some of the day with you : xoxo
My mom said  don't be posting my pictures on datebook or tweety bird.
Lmao
One act auditions today :
You are right ......
is so adorable 3
It's bad when you're happy the office finally warms UP to 63 degrees?
so what's happening this weekend?
I am now 21.......
My apologies for delays in website updates.
Things are finally starting to get under control here!
Brewers looking like the Bad News Bears tonight in
Parks vandalism costing Longview big bucks.
Details , thanks to parks director for discussing the damage.
The MVP weekly lineup Friday Night then  Saturday Night!
Get at us for RSVP/Tables/Parties :
Hello NKY and this gorgeous weather!
Not at all!
In fact, it brings out your eyes!
RT Does my ass look fat in this script?
Er
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau
Already making weekend plans.
3
Tight, sounds good to me.
Are you selling these beats, or is it good to use if I credit you as the producer?
BITCH.
CALL ME PEACOCK ONE MORE DAMN TIME.
Who learned a new trick today?!
I know your all hyped after watching
exciting!
which one?
and what will be the first read?
Woodfish with 7 Walkers featuring Grateful Dead cofounder Bill Kreutzmann.
Stone Pony August 11th  All Ages!
www.woodfishmusic.com 4 tix
Super proud of Madison public schools for participating in the
28 more school days!
Picking Kansas, just cause they're called the Jayhawks RT : Who's going to win the Men's NCAA title?
Kansas or Kentucky?
Damn She's Bad .
NO MATTER GAY STRAIGHT OR BI LESBIAN TRANSGENDER...
rip Jamey you are more beautiful than all of us
Obnoxious doctornk tweet
I'm so sorry.
He worked his butt off though!
Escalators are for passengers only.
RT : Saturday 10/15 at Club Korova : album release party.
Courtesy of 
I kinda wish Mel Gibson was my dad
WOW, what a weekend!
Congratulations to Broken Arrow, and of course local favorites Avon, Carmel and Lawrence Central!
You should be proud!
sorry that we couldn't get a picture taken with my sign.
: maybe tomorrow at
hello there
False alarm!
It was part of the quest!
sometimes, when they have WA potatoes, I know the farmers.
But they've gotten way more ID lately.
Great!
You should do Insanity with me to prepare you for basic training.
vs Monday in Kamloops.
Viewing parties everywhere in PDX
Question of the Day: When you listen to certain songs, do u begin to feel ratchet..does it make u do ratchet things?
If so, what song?
Glad you guys got funded through  have a great summer!
The wait is almost over  launching next week!
Hope we can help you out
Are you gonna take summer classes at ICON?
thx!
We enjoyed a great day today with  Thanks David!
cc
answered prayers  burdens lifted
Go check out Eden tonight...tell ROSE I sent ya ;
laying down talking to my boyfriend
3!!!!
By world peace
Do you know if Pyrotopia will be kidfriendly?
Have we mentioned all the readings on Friday, the 25th will feature an ASL interpreter?
THIS SATURDAY Ireland vs England Rugby Match DEAL 30 Brunch Dish UNLIMITED doctorFT BEER OR WELL doctorNKS during Game 2 Hours
girl its a shower called river monsters on animal planet.
Filini tonight, 2Sparrows brunch tomorrow.
Sounds like a good lineup.
Excited to collaborate with on vreddit!
Look out world.,
The case to revert to a previous code revision in Subversion happens so infrequently I always forget how to do it correctly.
oh whatever
Just becuz u have a mouth don't mean u good at givin head.
Tweet doctorams xoxo
Had to allow alaw codec in my Asterisk SIP configuration to enable incoming calls from
Masoli with bigtime completion to put the Ducks in OSU territory, but now they face 37 with 34 seconds left in the half.
Shout out to my buddy Frankie Pa big Met fan.
What a loser
How's your woman's intuition these days?
Hope you found the right one.
Being around PG Plaza makes me miss living in UTC...
MALCOM X Quote  Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
Just saw a Macy's commercial about the Nature Conservancy!
All I could think of was !
So glad more people are hearing about it!
Thanks for adding me to 2 lists!!
thank you for my finals package!
:
One of the best kids in the universe that girl.
Where's a friend when you need one 
as if.
Got a doctors note for 23 days off, good and bad.
Great article in the sunday times 1/22 about America's manufacturing growth and apple.
i think you're on to something....
RT : we'll get you tethered to the truck next time.
Lol ian ..
Does anybody else think she looks like a duck?
No, goats are evil.
One attacked me on the
The real is back
I sleepy.
two days 'til Christmas?!
it's Christmas eve eve
im miss the time were I could wear what I wanted in school .indianapolis Indiana know what I'm saying
Need an oil change first
I feel SEO is so important : and I'm def.
not an expert on it.
Done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done!
mybiggestfearis living in a free democratic society where the voting public is not educated, unable 2think critically question authority
Oh, and Grossman received a concussion.
I cant my stomach hurt when I breathe nd my hearts beating super fast :'
AND JUST LIKE THAT, USA HIT RIGHT BACK!!!
Kevin Swiryn breaks free for a fantastic try!
Malifa to attempt conversion
dude check out icon's website it's creepy!
yay!
I love seeing Ovie.
Round 2 will start tonight and the Caps/Bolts series is at 7
Tickets bought for March 23rd, midnight showing.
It's going to be a big big BIG day!
DON'T HIRE US!!
Unless you want exceptional service and quality.
Morning, Out with my mom
you're thinking we have an upgrade at PG spot then with Felton over miller?
i'm off in 15 min to enjoy this beautiful weather.
hope ya'll doing the same and dont forget to catch us on thje web at...
hey thanks!
Down 11 like last game no biggie
One person cant change the world but he/she can influence others
head hurts bout to lay down for a bit
Happy Thursday Portland!
The weekend is almost here!!
just won his 16th grammy!!
LOVE, love, LOVE that album!!
We also have your movie passes from winning a movie quote contest on FB page.
says  When you've conquered the storm, you can easily master the wind.
If you made it through 2009, then 2010 is yours to WIN !
Bombed that presentation, woo
19 days....SOMEONE HOLD ME
If the strength of the coffee in the lounge is any indication, there is some serious studying going on here at the
Adam Scott is so aussielicious!!!
So my puppy cut my palm open.ew ikr?
But its all good.Liv will live.
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week!
BeMilwaukee 
We don't have copyright policy or Internet policy anymore.
It's all just policy.
It affects everything.
My mouth hurts again 
there's days when i love my body and then there's days when i hate it.
thanks for the RT Tim ; oh, and congrats on graduation!
mine to.
your pretty:D
Is it weird that I now look forward to going to the gym more than going to work?
I now look forward to it all day!
Yup at the crack of noon.
Gave my blog a serious overhaul.
Added a ton of pics and changed the format.
Go look, read, and tell your friends.
Thanks
iknoww...
It does .
Trust mee .
I'm here if u need me love.
Miss u !
I don't have any new years resolutions.
I'm just determined to be more successful.
yes!
Them too!
Time to get wasted lmao JK..
;
Country Hardball..,
Secret Life 3 Ricky's gonna ask Amy to marry him I think so yeah can't wait till next week
Tut ruled Egypt for 9 years before dying mysteriously  the age of 18.
To learn more visit the exhibit at The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy!
How's about we let'm play a game before grading them JustSayin RT : Your Browns doctorft Grade?
Tell Olympia, we want to save these vital health services for all citizens.
Rik Wyman
okaay, well follow me back now!;
need some inspiration follow need fun follow need a rolmodel follow love you so much.
follow me
solved comments loading problem with Facebook comments HTML5 plugin: moved HTML content from Tomcat6 to Apache server on same platform
that moment when you talk to a picture of someone famous...but you also talk to it as if you know them so you..and you havent met them.
Watching iron man 2, getting ready for the avengers tomm
LISGSA HQ just received a huge stack of excellent donations for our annual auction.
Stay tuned for updates.
Until then, a sneak peek:
YOUR NEW PICTURE AWW JOE
That play up the middle by Cano was sweet.
CHOOSE TO CELEBRATE LIFE...
Virginia born President Woodoctorw Wilson outlined to Congress the case for the U.S.
declaring war on Germany on April 2, 1917.
Look at you being a Wisconsin sports fan!
Love it!
Didn't love all the results last night :
I'm suddenly feeling a little anachronistic commuting with my bag full of print newspapers, magazines, and a paperback book.
Great idea!
Jessie I need some boy advise
how are you still awake?
high class kids stealing tech suits from the locker room
Strong storm over Pewaukee right now.
Watch out Brookfield, Elm Grove.
Hail, high winds likely.
Thinks it would be awesome if retweeted me
can you record the sound for us to compare?
I kinda want opinions on r's yelling.
twitter just does not want me to hit 600 followers.
Weeks should cut his hair, that would fix everything.
G Release the Kracken, er Games Page.
At least it isn't in our main stream area.
; I know my daughter will love it.
Back to the brink  it will be pretty much a miracle if the Greek mess can be sorted out now, but we should know soon  bailout or bust.
hear you me amazing song!
;
We would live to be included.
Please follow back so we can DM.
Thanks for welcoming everyone.
Holiday season I'm off and got doctornk and doctorgs let me clarify on deck plus plenty food OnHapppyGuy lol
I'm just as radical as the next occupier cupcake
Not takecareTuesday in your world yet?
You could always start early...
face/ body combo haha
Yes, LF, one section from the bullpen.
Well, at least this thing is failing in new and exciting ways.
who up doe??
Pissed off and its fucking bullshit that I have to take my lunch break this damn late.
I love storms 
: gone bleed em real soon!
Go to Facebook.com/NHL to vote for the Top 5 rookies of the year.
Lmfao !
Let's do it !
I don't know why people follow me and then unfollow me like I'm not eventually going to find out.
Milwaukee Film Festival.
Sept 22  Oct 2.
It will change your life.
Be there
haha was jk, Reid is a smart guy...
I will check it out
HAD A BALL LAST NIGHT ME AND MY DOG SAM....
GOT A CHANCE TO MEET doctorKE FOR THE FIRST TIME....
I MET LIL WAYNE AND NEYO ONECE AGAIN....
The way you can tell people from new england are in indianapolis, 1 they get mad when you yell cheater 2 they try to be proud of they're ...
Oh she has some exams ?
Good Luck Eleanor 3
wen i mess up my password i always erase everything n type it all ova
I really wish i never heard that.
which message, what i miss?
is my favorite person I've never met
Yikes.
RT : Dear 24hourfitness Childcare attendant: please don't tell my child which stickers are for girls and which are for...
Why do some men think it's ok to not provide financially for their childoctorn?
nike foamposite The Solaris Book of New Science FictionFashion ...
gr.
you have to click on my picture to see my face xD oh well
Great story about addiction recovery and that 12 steps and jewish teachings are on the same page
Always interesting: Google Gumby Logo Honors Art Clokey 's 90th Birthday
Oh good!
3 Be gentle with yourself on Monday and absolutely BRUTAL to anyone who tries to hipcheck you.
;
Best response to 9/11 is strong community.
If in 10 years students will their Jewish campus community then we  Hillel are succeeding.
Can I sleep all day or.
What cut of lambs do you prefer?
RT: Lamb is and always be number one in my book.
isn't that an awesome factoid??
LOVE!!
RT : A6: Grace is the wind that lifts the wings of vocation.
rt Beach today, free samples of pie  the watermill on 13th and Coronado.
LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN :9
Bout time you horn blower RT : I'm tweeting u hooker
Cant Wait To Go To Paccas 3
Trying to negotiate ft deal based on Icm chip count with 3 left.
I need go advice Right now!
Please call me
Is there any better way to start your day then a run to the gym?
Remember at end of the day we all work for ourselves.
You're the CEO of the You Corporation and should lay out career like a business plan
Wishing my beautiful parents a Happy 38th Anniversary!!!!!
They have blessed my life  their love is so strong that it lights up a room!
Funny story I almost broke my neck walking down the stairs!
Wait, that's a scary story, not funny...
It's definitely true though!
bubble bowl!
The worst feeling in the world is knowing you've been used and lied to.
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein, in a letter to his son  February 5, 1930
I know his tongue is so long.
He enjoyed his photo shoot!
I never would have guessed 300 people would follow me on this thing.
And I NEVER would have bet would be 300.
Congrats.
Home with acute bronchitis :
thanks for the smart post.
Hope you are well.
Yes it TIS  Dawn Amanda will be celeb judgesRT : Melani's talent show is next Saturday.
Is the pastry passer wearing plastic gloves?
i still got a B in the class so im good
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME, WHY MUST I PULL UP 2 THE 3rd WINDOW AT WHATABURGER????
EVERYONE STILL HAS 2 WAIT....SMH
Old black man grooving to Roy Ayers while tending his grill.
Yes, I have somehow become that which I used to deride.
if you haven't seen it yet, check out our new website!!
www.getbettermaine.org
yeah.
Anthony Davis is such a bad kid because he didn't graduate.
He could have gained so much from a degree.
Morons.
BBN iubb 85
the art of Art
He Confuses anger with determination as allways
RT : OKAY im not MAD at .com anymore.
My winnings check came today, 2 weeks late but it is here.
Missing my little bunny Aja.
R.I.P.
little girl.
I love you!
XoXoXo.
what u looking at?
But everyone should go to college, Pete!!!
That's what we were told!!!
:
Life is too short to keep tryin to prove a point thats been proven over and over.
Ill let em live forever....I got somethin better
I so agree
I'm finally showing my face tonight Will I be seeing you !?
that's even funnier since Romney is Mexican!
have you ever been so itching to get something done but no matter what the circumstance, you have to wait hours before you can even begin?
Thanks!
I appreciate itI also had a poem on Linebreak in March...more later!
Looking forward to that raspberry lemonade and
We are seeking a conflicts analyst for a long term temporary postion.
Qualified candidates should contact me.
Today is gonna be a good day
In shock right about now...
Just realized I forgot to reply!
We're even meow.
Next week wrks better 4 me cuz I don't have a project due.
The mintage of wisdom is to know that real life is love, laughter and work  Elbert Hubbard
If the Nuggets win JaVale gets to make a movie with Kim Kardashian
Splitting duties between eyecare technicians and testing team improves eye technician productivity:One practice increased 6 tech pts/day.
And every single one of them will be a great fit for the Patriots.
RT League says 532 players have become free agents.
Happy Friday Curvy Divas!
Lol I want Tacos

All that loved FatherGod spake often one to another  HE listened  a book of remembrance was written before HIM for them.
haha doctornkin enjoying the summer yay what about you ???
Lets Move!
Lets Play!
The National Toy Hall of Fame staircase has 26 steps.
Climb up to see whats playing on the second floor.
ISAF spokesman John Kirby tells Pentagon press gaggle that Afghanistan shooters name hasn't been revealed bc investigation is ongoing
Wow 288 is my number.
I put a link to my other Twitter , I go do one to ths one, my new video I did today
She's busy knitting a rainbow flag for my coffin right now.
why is it so hard to collect money from companies these days!
tired of the rat race.
god help us all!
Ishi 2 HR, Weeks HR, Braun HBP and P ejected, David Wright mad at his manager for not letting him get hit.
yah but the act like a professorssional gym its not like merrimac there its alot different like even my mom says
never eat left over chinese food unless you no longer want taste buds left on your tongue.
Spicy!
I hate you
Melvyn Bragg recommends a Grime documentary?
the world is wonderful sometimes.
Said w/ancestors who worked so hard how could we be tired RT : Dude changed my whole perception of word tired
Access to info isn't scarce.
What's scarce is doing something new  remarkable with all that info.
Happy Birthday gorgeous!!
:
: One of the worst things that can happen to a person is to be forgotten by someone they will never forget.
Job.
Well.
Done.
Great to find healthy choices at airports RT So easy to eat healthy at the San Francisco Airport....best airport...!!
I love how my son is being a big boy sitting on the couch watching cartoons
what's twitter jail?
Oh my God for state we stopped at this restaurant in this really tiny town and everyone's staring.
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
Terrific panel.Focus on learner more than even learning RT : Technology are solutions looking for problems  Chris Dede
Astrology freaks me the fuck out.
you need to rewatch that movie.
you all are rockstars!
hell yeah he is, and yup
Walkininterview for Research Associate, CTCRI, Trivandoctorm, Kerala
So, Detroit is basically finished.
If you can't beat Nashville at home then you shouldn't plan on advancing.
Great season guys!
We love spreading Yummy edible feelgood love!
Thanks again!
;P How do I fix my airsoft gas blowback?
teddy bear
then bring your panda hat!
Ha I know it's pretty cool!
Just ate a pound of fresh crawfish and oysters in a crab shack!!!
I love the south: 
All good things gotta come to an end
i miss you too :c
: do you pol think Giroux gets a suspension for hit on Zubrus?
no chance.
Left skate never left ice and Zubrus not hurt
Happy Birthday to a true NFL legend
hahahahahahahahahaha do u sing a song everyday in class
Well done, But what about Duke ?
Come on kaseykahne!!
Watch who you call yo Friends
Bored with twitter, but never deleted it.
yeah like right after I posted that I got it lol but thanks for telling me
My dad's pants cry session!!
Cool!
:
Ran into at Tir Na Nog in Raleighwood, NC tonight; small world
i'm good sweetie!
Thanks for asking, how about you?
:
You annoy the fucking shit out of me.
Film directors need to understand the difference between using real instruments and virtual instruments.
.: SOPA debate wasn't just NorCal v SoCal, not just users rising up spontaneously.
Bit of both.
Thousands of UCLA students will be off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of Westwood.
And they wont even have to leave their...
The word studio derives from study.
Our object is not to know the answers before we do the work.
Its to know them after we do it.
BM
right here!
BUTT HUNTERS!
RT Butte hunter education gets started next week.
Register in person at Butte East Middle School
may 22nd!
gonna send you something real son
Online Marketing Conference In Sydney Yields ...
Dot Now blog
I fuck wit Joel for this mixtape....fuckin fire!
Just my type of music!
waffles are crunchy and have a different texture than a pancake.
Plus they use less batter  less calories.
Feeling strangely emotional about the extinction of cursive.
RIP, enchanting signatures.
good can u plz follow my new twitter I just made :
You're amazing, Mags :
RT : Nothin like a 30 min phone call with my girl Thank you for bringing us together
not much going to work..how bout you?
What did everyone think of the pres speak this evening?
I'm hoping to be in Vegas, too.
Maybe we can meet by the pool.
:
yes.
I'm asking how i can give svs hours.
I'm Unaware how giving service hours works nor how I can award hours.
Do u know?
you notice allof your Angels but us.And watch;we won't get a tweet,RTDM.We won't even get one of those.We're 100 sure of that
but after that loss last year, all I can think about it the renewal of a rivalry.
I hated IU almost as much as UL last year
Losing Bogut was tough blow.
Look at Magic, Bulls, same for Bucks without Bogut.
We regrouped with trade.
Phone dead!
no u dont we are going out tonight
I love Bosh but he runs around like a pansy
no problem!
Come on
cohost Campy briefly talked about your podcast Cats and Pussy, as an exception to cat talk being annoying.
nuthing just got in from work
Insecure bitches be on you so you won't do da same sneaky shit they do!
I don't know, but it needs to be done.
fix your car or get a kia?
;
On Deck: Wedding Reception!
interview with a vampire love this movie
That's good to hear!
I'm looking into having another popup shop around the 21st.
Will post when I confirm a date.
travis hhaahahahaha yeah no comment
How can I reach you guys/your management?
Thanks Kevin for sharing Mandy's blog!
Hope you're having an excellent Monday so far!!
Thanks for following.
Hope to see at the opening May 19th
Courtesy of : If you arent scared, then you arent learning anything new.
Anne Sweeney What are you learning today?
;
I'm teaching acting class this evening  GJC Talent...
Why does my car smell like salted meats?
That sucks!
I had problem where emails were getting deleted from iCloud.
They restored but couldn't answer why it happened
iPhone 4 broken into pieces.
back to the 3g for the next 8 days.
and its so slow!
thanks, its just hard work and super diet, : I want a burger
Headin to I could say I work more hours than but that's just a lie!
RT : Ned Stark is dead???
Tracy Jordan
Something with fish?
Like salmon, tuna or anchovies?
It's lent after all.
Stop being childish and call me back.
Ya we road from Boston to Londonderry NH.
WINDDDDYYYY!!!
Have a Fantastic Friday.....I love you, so much and I'm always thinking of you.....Spread Love!
Well why not?
I dont really think that you know what i've been through.
Hey Cincinnati what's your favorite local location for best scenery photos?
Curating...
that's an fing fulltime job!
artist Robert Gober from a CAA panel session on what artists do when not creating art.
No hot water at 1157...JOYOUS!
sorry it does not go away,4ever stuck 2these thoughts,even as the years pass,the thoughts they live,so sorry4a crime that only grows w/time
you know whaf it is mzBing!
20ThingsAboutMe 14.
I have a cat whose older than my son, her name is Stinker!!
I'm so bored with your life.
Marvel Movie Event started at 2:15 pm Thurs.
I got home just after 3am Fri.
Shower, brush teeth, get doctorssed, taking bus to work at 5am
NLC They even feed you!
Yes, I know I will be running around a lot too
Follow me plz people I need more followers
Thanks Erica!
Glad you had a great start to your week :.
Joe Biden and I both have red noses and the sniffles.
This SOTU brought to you buy Kleenex.
My sleeping schedule is shit nowadays.
The bulls got this dub tho
Thanks for the puppy sample food.
Bella loves it!
Just bought her a 6lb bag tonight!
Thanks!
Got ice on the knee right now!
Time for a sleepy time bye bye :
I Love You.
3
I had fun 2 girl !!
LetsBeBlunt you need some mouth wash and deodorant.
See, I took my meds!
ROFLCGU!
Stay out'a trouble, ok LOL Peace
I'm so happy like it's 1995 all over again!
Coral Springs Multifamily Sees 35M Acquisition Loan
RT : To do list: Go to our event at the Brat House THIS THURSDAY  Sign up for DASPUBCRAWL  What's your team name?
Looking for a web/graphic designer.
Suggestions?
Going to s basketball game gunna what him kick so booty; GoSeymour !:
At Miles Ahead Music in Louisville KY with Sharon Knepp and Dave Pirtle to meet Miles!
Now why does Eddie George have on a bowtie that needs to be on a diet?
:/ Chubby ass bowtie.
Sitting on a bean tag for the first time in forever lol
My tweets have not been classy
The best chic ever!!!
You should've had the we on your list for what chilli wants.
Is Floyd into wrestling?
We think differently and strategically providing a custom marketing campaign to spark excitement.
It's a New Year, time for a change!
: Bottled water?
Sir, they were donated.
Yeah, well who's gonna donate us a new planet?
Heya, Jan, how ya been?
If my future husband refuses to eat you, I will refuse to sleep with him.
Taco Bell  Boys any day 
Austin I really want to enjoy you without rain!
SOMEONE BETTER RECORD ALL TIME LOW ON PUNK'D.
Am I making the correct inference that DH admin is therefore a matter of herding hepcats?
What was the word?
:D
probably whoring shoppers on Thanksgiving Eve now like Target..

Now u know what it's like 2 have Fibromyalgia, we feel like that every sec of each day, but add in the flu, subtract Maks :
I live for hoes  hoodoctorts  pimps!
they complete my life
Yep!
The cathat is pretty much a daily occurrence.
She just climbs up there on her own.
:
We're excited to be taking a group of 5th grade parents to tour KIPP Key Academy and Deal Middle School tomorrow morning!
OpeningDay is like Christmas for Baseball fans.
Baseball is a history lesson in real time.
Thanks to our new college bound volunteers for attending the event planning meeting, we are excited to join you into our family!
And she said she was nervous....
Yea right
Makeup is an artform
jcpEllen I'm loving these commercials!
: 3
In the 80s outside, Brewers on tv, first day of spring...I'll take it!
When I met u boy my hart went knock knock now the butterflies in my stomach wont stop stop even tho it's a struggle love is all we got
Regardless of how far to either side you turn the knobs, I'm convinced my shower only has two settings: molten lava  ice cube.
My boobs itch :
Take 20 off any gift basket at doctoramCoast Coffee until December15th.
Use the code 20 and receive free gift with every purchase!
I go to the dermatologist at 2oclock today to have a spot looked at..
Not gonna lie..
I'm a little sick about it.
S/O to my girl for booking a SAG TV role!
I know your going to kill your 1st day on set!
myfriendsaresuperstars 
Mostly..it's my uniform I am always on call.
ready to host at any given moment :RT : Are you ALWAYS in a suit?
:
Yet again another problem with my LG washer, and no help from Extremely disappointed.
Beginning to think they sold me a lemon.
I am so fucked
On a scale of Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky, how much do you love childoctorn?
Honesty.
Integrity.
Dedication.
I wait to txt u to c if u txt or kall mhe to let me knw u thkn about u just like im thkn about you!!
thanks!!!
why did you say my bad?
delayedjob  heroku  queues up and running in no time.
fuckyeah!
Many thanks for the follow.
Please let us know if we can help you in any way.
Excited to connect.
tried to kiss me!!
AGAIN!
yes what is it !x
Finally made it 
Four days til I see Country Boy.
Not that I'm counting or anything.
Outstanding partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case this morning in Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Hot panel.
Inspection day ...
George Zimmerman's new attorney is Mark O' Mara.
via
Hi are you enjoying our Lobby?
Thanks for visiting!
So excited to go to HotLanta this weekend!
Really need to get away.
Create some methods with optional parameters in a project.
Never understood why some devs get so agitated on that new C 4.0 feature.
gosh not fish..stupid autocorrect .
To many damn penalty's!
what are you doing this weekend ?
Happy Record Store Day!
Support your local independent record store by stopping in and buying a few for yourself.
We love you and ...
See you for lunch tomorrow!!!
Yipeeee!
Culatta: League of Innovator Teachers coming!
Did we learn any lessons from the last farm crisis?
Farm and Ranch Guide
Fuck!!!
We shall see this niggaz in the playoffs
I'm a keeper of information.
That makes me pretty important to you.
Whether you like it or not.
..love idea of dudes fishing for what it is that's most of valor...i remember it was nonviolent...manners, maybe?
no.
timeliness?
shit.
contact me at , I have a bad email addoctorss for you from Kevin Holt, from business card.
what pages?
SGU took a dark turn with the script and I was disappointed by that.
I hope the next space series is a bit lighter.
twitter party!
Get ready Bastrop, that line of storms is coming your way!
never swag on the field lol
me too  But now I'm back and so happy again :D
this is truly a pathetic display of Pens hockey!
Blind Date 101
Working on some music
SAT Prep for Fall 2010 will begin on the 2nd week of September!
DM us or visit www.columbiaprep.com to register today!
Can we get a RT for 3 Microbrew Pint Day!
eating the last doughnut
What is it with the guys of michigan huh.
There so scared to talk to girls, i need a b/f 
Finally finished printing and cutting everything.
Time to start putting my book together!
We had a special guest today, Conan O'Brien!
This is adorable!
Thanks for participating and we will be in touch if you are the lucky winner!
Yes!
Come!
We can be friends.
yo what up man i heard some of your music an its dope, i got this beat that i would like for you to use.
hit me back up if ur dwn
hockey later
it's my birthday!
:D
New Pitbull next on
great work Rajinder, thanks
happy valentine's day everyone!
this last year i led a private tour as an elaborate proposal set up.
what's your favorite valentine story?
hey lemme kno what we do in English today please:
i guess it my fault kpn u up all night
Tonight, as I rode my bike, I halfta say I am very thankful for invisible fences.
Wish I'd known the dogs were in one when they charged!
Let's go Celtics!
We got this!!!!
When Mitch hits one they go way far
...why not b upfront and say we'll be ther for the nxt 50 years
any chance you'd be willing to take on Syria and IsraelPalestine next?
;
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn...
LOL!
Of course the most popular line of all!
Best financial reform randoctorcoverage tweeting from , , , ,
I'm at the doctor right now trying not to faint.
I hate all these machines and smells and sick people :
Aww my puppy is laying against me and she fell asleep 3
My childoctorn have taught me what true love is!
Love the ACID' sound!
As more and more business owners realize how powerful twitter really is, they'll be eager to jump on board
Thnx for the RT.
So true.
but bad news for a few....the red neck ideology concerns me
We need a little more emphasis on lowercost individual sports like swimming, track and field, speed skating, tennis, badminton, etc.
from SundayLuv4U...if you want something you never had, you have to do something you've never done
Getting close to 400 followers!
Help me get there before halloween !
We are less than 100 LIKES now from reaching 250 and announcing our brand new name!
Tag us on a post, basically anything to help us out!
3
I don't know what to call the show but I want to be the makeup artist?
networkingonsunday baisdenlive www.latmakeup.com
awesome thank you so much, be in touch shortly here.
No reason for that.
:/ Ya'll know the NC Amendment doesn't even recognize civil unions though right?
Smh.
can't wait to see you guys in Charlottesville in may!
RT : A new attitude is coming your way today!
Look for it on
Seeking zombie book titles for middle schoolers.
Got ROTRUIN  THe ENEMY and DEATH CURE.
what else r ur zombie fans rdg?
In a web design meeting for the new ssjcpl web site.
It's getting exciting!
Just a few more months to go!
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we re through with it.
Pho Bac in the bus station.
Awesome.
QA time.
Group activity is fun, especially if you're not getting a grade.
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we can help call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
The primary joy of life is acceptance, approval, the sense of appreciation and companionship of our human comisterdes...
done with work for the week, at home, socks off, feet up.
life is good.
i think this calls for a beer!
You have no idea.
I got pulled over twice in a week Just to workback I passed 7 cop cars
Got to take a sneak peak at proquest's swanky new platform and meet with CIO Bipin Patel.
Writeup to come.
Why am I such a fuck up sometimes?
How do you feel about The Creatures?
PinkTip Recognize and appreciate the ups and downs of biz ownership.
Every lesson brings you closer to success.
I will have my shopping spree, after Christmas!
you should stop by twitter and fix her follow button:D
I love you and thank you for caring us your fans.
WE LOVE YOU AND SUPPORT YOU TILL THE END BABY 3
Please don't you will take the spotlight away from my story PackABagGo Ha!
LOL
Has anyone encountered advantages to online/distance learning in ICC?
Rather than losing things in the translation?
Game is getting way chippy.
Smith just cracked his stick on the back of Dustin Browns knee.
NOT ok.
looking good at the NFLdoctorft!
Audience asked panel for words of wisdom when it comes to seeking funding.
Response: Are you a man of God?
I'm so annoyed  frustrated.
Shhhh that's supposed to be a secret remember
im thankful for everything in my life.
im a happy ole lady
Happy New Year Twitterverse!
Let's make this the best year for music yet!
Life can be found only in the present moment
Last Wednesday show of the semester tonight!
Tune in at 8pm PST on USC Channel 8.1 and www.trojanvision.com!
On a conference call with Canadians.
Their accents make me smile.
get married already lol so cute but something I didn't expect to see in the background lol
Great day of meetings..just wrapped up the first workout of the day w ..back in the gym shortly w and the crew
i saw your youtube interview about RIMM...
do you think they will rebound???
i am a big fan of blackberry, and waiting for BB10
Open late tonite for hockey 57pm.
Dinner special: Meatloaf sandwich with Jack cheese, sauteed onions on thick sliced whole wheat
I always tend to over think things..
told ya
Let's talk about the distinction btwn dataviz  infographics.
Is there one?
Does it matter?
I say yes, and yes.
Michael Jackson is Perfect, truth
lots of orgs lobby for access to info; key wasn't the lobbying but rather the event; punctuated equilibrium of openness
Happy to connect.
Thanks!
Happy Friday the 13th!
May everyone have an especially lucky day!
; 
SAY THAT
Wow  just got asked to umpire both the regular season championship games for majors red and grey divisions
Thanks to all the people I met at DSCOOP6 fabulous collaboration from a lot of inventive people
This weather is not Grand..
heyy FAT ass
Our page has a new look!
Hope everyone likes it...
Only the losers win they've got nothing to prove they'll leave the world with nothing to prove.
We're going to go patroling in the neighborhood.
that makes me so sad.
r.i.p.
emo's on red river.
RT : Kudos to Board for approving 75k for Commute Options, thru which employers help workers doctorve less...
yup well thats where ill be!
Responded to your comment on Facebook ;
Scott Walker needs to do what his name suggest walk off.
I thought it was forever but really it wasn't.
Now that its over I guess it was for the best.
But I still think bout you
Pinon used to be Alumni Avenue.
Guess where I lived for three years.
Hey girly!!
Just finished redoing the prologue for Whispers...wanna take a look?
Would love your opinion if u aren't busy :
RT : Are you ready?
We're just a week away from our casting call for the 2011 season w/ 2/1
it's sad that caring about civil liberties and saying Obama also needs held accountable makes someone automatically repub?
Wow.
doctorgrace are my multiple personalities allowed to vote for too?
We're almost there!
Aye I wanna get high and laugh all day
: Hola Laredo, TX!!!!
Big show tonight with at the Casa Blanca...
and !
:
So fucking true.
Today is one of those times.
Wanna get doctornk and forget about it??
RT : Sometimes being an adult really sucks.
Totally going to bed, this time...
Note to self: ignore phone if chimes..
I got one from you, too, Wende.
And I got hacked as well.
Where our Georgia homies at???
Thanks for the follow Cynthia!
One soul saved is equal to a million records sold to the true servant of God...
G is the transparent social network.
You don't have to use it, will grow organically thru autopublishing Google service use
Seek opportunities to show you care.
The smallest gestures often make the biggest difference.
John Wooden
1 Metal band in Vegas in only 5 days!
Our HOMies are the best fans a band could have.
Thank you so much for everything!!!
Cats vs Cocks time!
Cats by 25 tonight.
Lamb returns with bombs.
Release of growth hormone from the pituitary is increased with aerobic exercise assisting with protein synthesis  bone strength
take one sip every time unc fans complain dick vitale is pro duke.
Make sure u have someone to doctorve u home at the half.
Back to work for many Americans after honoring MLK Jr!
Are you sticking to your resolutions?
If so, let's hear some stories!
Happy Monday!
When equipment fails, check simple things 1st.
What I thought was a 2,000 equipment failure was an 8 wire.
Thank You God
I used your picture in my video but because I've always well, just listen to this song 'Voice In Your Heart
you mean like an electronic check?
;
Re last rt, one of my professor' research shows that Nazis did allow jazz for certain purposes, like pumping up pilots before air battles.
Shoot guys, I am so sorry!
Will fix.
De Nada Senor, we are in Hollywood in the Sheridan Plaza, we have been open for 1 year.
The stone will never roll unless one pushes it.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a step.
Follow Back:
Kotel Kosher is officially open today.
Come this afternoon to participate in the opening ceremony officiated by Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger.
how rude!!!
Feel I gine hold a lime though.
its would make my day the best day ever if u follow me!
followmeallisimpson u r one of my many inspirations n ur GORGEOUS!!
If I fuck oomf its gonna be wraps lmao
3 days till 's bridal shower in D.C.
and road trip with Piper  can't wait!
somehow i feel more tired when i get a lot of sleep then i do when i only get a few hours.
is it true dat whitney houston died..:
Only 2 games..,.your going to be alright.
Latos failed...hoping Arroyo gets us to 21.
Game time 1pm.
and?
the cake?

iPhone Killer  claims are ridiculous.
The only iPhone killer is a newer iPhone.
Keep doctoraming,
i keep getting texts cause you reply to every single one of my tweetss!
hay Bridget you got to do shawn t insanity it's amazing
thanks for the favicon help
Covering Smells Like Teen Spirit with vocoderd vocals doesnt do jazz any favours, adds Sowinski
Warm leads  cold calling is dead...
you will be much more successful to warm call the customers who received your first free gift.
There is 1,440 minutes in a day.
There is more than enough time to make it happen.
Friday Hours: 10am to 8pm.
No Group Classes Today.
Want to order a pizza do not want to move lol
Couldn't get in for a haircut, need to make an appointment, but no one had one for over a month.
I need a new hair style too.
Sunday Funday!
Who's in?
Nice to hear on DTHR today.
It's been a year since we met at
Do you know what to do if your credit gets absolutely trashed?
What is your plan to rebuild?
yes thank you George W and Obama continuing some of the same scare tactic bs
Further proof that Blast fans are the best  all the cars in the Amped Up!
parking lot more than a half hour before Game Two viewing party.
...'stinky juice'
OH: I'm only wearing those glasses if I can wear a wizard hat too...
and I have like 7 of those at home.
say somethin is perfect you're adorable baby I love you
Haven't signed up for Uber yet, Seattle?
Sign up today  tweet at me.
I'll throw 15 in credit on your account toward your 1st ride!
project is done
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydoctorulic problems
Cocaine in DC elementary school.
No surprise here when over 50M adults are using.
Had enough?
FB coalition for a doctorg free home
There's 4,000,000,000 females on Earth.
If she's not for you, move on.
Hopefully it wasn't to badd so later the people that were envolved, Can look back on it and Gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on youtube.
Colon.
Ross started today
RT : Hearing from blog that ACE Hardware on Upsher opens today!
Goodmorning, how are you?

Slept Amazing.
Fun tweets I will be watchingHappilyDivorced on TVLand tonight.
Always a great way to spend 30minutes.
Please RT
When all else fails, eat donuts!
Haha, DM us your addoctorss for your ecocanteen!
Let us be your designated doctorver!
Space available for Thursday night's Bricktown Shuttle from OU, UCO, Tinker AFB!
Only 15 per passenger!
Amy Dacyczyn Frugality without creativity is deprivation.
I want to go back to sleep
Anybody know where I can get a hat made with iron on letters in Baltimore?
While I wait?
Lids?
I enjoy reading your microblog.
Taking a much needed day off before I leave for Nashville.
Chilling  spending time with friends.
My voice is still hoarse :/
Hi, Guys how can buy some netspend cards for me and send them to europe...
effort  payment : email me at
Decided it was about time to give Louise Penny a shot.
Starting with STILL LIFE.
Why do they make heavy ass earrings that split your ears?
Wont catch me wearing them shits
If you could figure me out completely, you deserve the greatest award.
LOVE THE ALBUM YO CAN'T STOP PLAYING IT YO BEEN PLAYING THE 6th ft.
Chris Lee
Upgrading your space with your income tax return...Prefinished Solid Brazilian Cherry 3/4 x 5 the WOW factor in flooring
noo problem!
:D
Lls yea the 30 u add to it!!!
All I ever do is watch baseball!
I'm too obsessed as it is!
This game is a good intervention for me...lol.
I'M SUCH A FAN
Happy marriages begin when we marry the one we love, and they blossom when we love the one we married.
whenihavekids I'm gonna spoil them.
off and on for 3.5 years.
Consistently now for the past year.
RIP Steve Jobs
I think my Mama had the ten commandments covered when she said Be Sweet every time I left the house.
Hey Sharon, I'm tired of that advice too.
Growing up in a world where LEDs are increasingly commonplace, my daughter thinks the incandescent lights on our tree are yellow.
lol no honestly i think tea tastes like poop.
i hate it with a dear passion.
hahaha thats where my dads side kicks in haha
Really in the mood to go to a haunted housee
Unless a funnel cloud has been seen, we are actually in Tornado Watch mode, tornadosserious, please report on them accurately!
I just realized ...
I'm the jealous type to the max :/
You're a gentleman and a scholar, sir.
Thanks for the retweet!
can I be the Fett man instead?
I did!
Talking about dying of envy!
my all time hero PAUL WELLER!
MAGGIE Q same show!
Arsenio was a laugh riot!
.
cautions against having archives intrude into process of artistic creation; the Heisenberg principle may apply.
This day is to long!
T'was a good day off.
Relaxed and refueled.
Your tweets are like short stories.
I like them!
I woke up to a private call, telling me to be careful I might see him!!
Wtf!!!!!
Why can't people leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The weekly free song on iTunes is almost always good!
I don't know why I just started downloading them.
That's not the intro I made though...hmph..
Irie
It would mean everything to me if and wished me a happy birthday
Hey You!
Welcome to Twitter!
Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber!
would you be able to meet tomorrow for my project?
Doing back grounds w/ a new group, showcasing on 6/5 in SF.
I'll send the deets when I have 'em!
Are you smarter than a Ladybug?
Try out the Swing trivia streaming all day on Facebook and Twitter for 12 hours!
Does the tight, slicked back hair ever give you a headache?
RT : RT : SAINT is a good name for a feature that requires you to pray before every time you use it
Madison won't be the same for two weeks.
Get your hustle one back here.
I know your Smart car runs on a herd of hamsters and some rubber bands, but thats not a reason to ignore the rules of the road.
Things are starting to happen!
Wow, this has really been an unproductive day, feel like I can't get my head in baseball at all today.
Just been computer playing all day..
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
George Carlin
People that do stuff first, and then ask.
Its too late to say no now that you done already did it
ha!
Hey, at least you're tall.
Always use relaxed, gentle, softly spoken S sounds for harmony with a comfortable, unstrained envelope of function.
MCA died?
God dammit.
This really makes me sad.
I never care about stars dying, but he was one of the good ones.
Sad.
Did you fly into San Francisco or San Jose airport?
Thanks!
RT : That is awesome!
I will be starting a new job with u guys in just over a week.
you picked a winner, welcome!
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
J Paul Getty
im going first four OUT
Babe it's okay.
I have a Swanson's dinner in the freezer, with your name on it.
the pink really adds the appropriate emphasis to that.
BTW, I'm holding you publicly accountable to your new 1/2M time :
Rip quint mac didn't get a chance to tell ya love ya man but you know it's there!!!
Yeah no shit.
There is a super singing bird at the studio today!
jmac deserves to ball tap everyone in that clubhouse.
It's airing throughout the morning.
is live w/ the exclusive interview
Follow J RIMES for News Feeds Latest Music Updates!
A must needed rest.
o now I get it
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them,
My Brother Is A Dope Skateboarder  The Other One Is A Dope Smoker...
FamilyOfDopeness
and the product of the past 24 hrs check it out.
HOT!!
sculpt our logo
stunning, as usual, luke.
your work is amazing!
My stomach is making ridiculous noises in the middle of class
You silly girls, thinking you're being liked by all these guys.
Your dick sucking is liked, not you.

dailies of the film look great!
I'll try to send you some raw footage soon!
Be joyful in Hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer.
Romans 12:12
I weighed in and lost 2 lbs.
Dahh!!
Of course!
lol You girls do get a lot of that from us guys.
XD
you're always invited dick mouth
Is good?
I've been meaning to check it out forever...
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
G.B.
Stern
Here go these people tweeting talking about good morning say it back then they retweet every damn mention like its cool 
BE NICE TO THOSE AIRLINE EMPLOYEES WHO ARE WORKING HARD TO GET YOU WHERE YOU NEED TO BE....
Good Morning.
: Today you should have some Grape's.
The only reason I follow Fox News and Sarah Palin here on Twitter is for laughs and to keep track of them
I love karen
Ouch?
: Whenever I'm feeling low, I remind myself I no longer live in a dorm where everyone owned that Squeeze singles LP.
So I guess Hollywood is gonna start Spiderman all over again?
Now he skateboards and is a cool kid?
Amazing how much Hollywood sucks.
so is adam taylor
Azaelia Banks.
Iggy Azaleia.
Don't know the difference, don't care to.
Just wondering why they're both named after bushes that's all.
Loved your presentation.
You were the one panel I really wanted to see.
AWEsome!
Omg.
My son watched that video in health today.
I don't know how many more questions I can take.
I had someone tell me I fell off..
I needed that.
Definitely!
I'm with the team.
We'll have to meet up today!
14 I just ate a nutella sandwich .
You Tweet WAY too much!
:P
OH MY GOSH HAHAHA tell me about it!!
I just went on a shopping spree at forever 21 2 weeks ago!
Three Health Benefits of Kayaking: Just a Few of the Reasons to Look into This Fun Sport
Futurism isn't really the same as technophilia even though a lot of Rapture of the Nerds types bill themselves as Futurists.
is doctorw Brees being treated the right way in New Orleans.
it's at minimum crossdialectal.
I've found the same thing happening in the last couple years only.
plz follow me for my birthday plzzx
while being frustrated, help double efforts to preclude it from happening again
A very happy FF to 
Watching my album get edited and starting to fantasize about the art work.
I have a photo shoot in May.
Yay!
im mad at you .
You're welcome!
Im cold layin in the couch with a hoodie
hey yeah I got back yesterday
sent you a dm
Giants TD Hell Yeah!!!!!!
is it the championship game!!!
The new Coconut Collection looks tempting for post WineWednesday wake up calls!
Or try lavender teas!
come visit me:!
nice.
So proud.
Thank you so much!
RT : Just picked up Dark Chocolate and Sea Salt from the new BTR Sam's Club.
So good.
Soaking in every last minute of this seattle sun before college
Know she's watching over you and is always with you!!
You'll meet again in eternity :
Cody Is My Endless doctoram
What a perfect little day.
CAUTION: ahole doctorver silver Mercedes VBG95K illegal speedingpassing cherryvalley rd at cherryhill princeton nj montgomery
: InstantTurnOn being kissed on the neck.
3rd place.
We play the first place team tonight, which we've beat once this season.
And always heated game.
RT : dddsummit The domain model should be one of the product owner's most valuable tools prodmgmt via
If you ain't with the shits ..
you could get popped
BAHAHAHAHA that's hilarious!
btw...
is ur name really meagan?!?
that's my friend's name!!!
Ha!
MT : GREAT interview wasn't it?To smile:imagine a debate between Chris Hedges and Sarah Palin!
my phone is now frozen from sending all those pics.
M, chocolate WolfGirl.......
Good for you!
No dont,I'm sure this will b beyond entertaining!
RT I need to sign off of Twitter before I get too loose
Tonight ends listening tour of LAUSD commissioners b4 lines are doctorwn.
Next round of community hearings will be after lines are doctorfted.
Work!
Then spending some Time with my sister
I would want a red pen too at this point!
Was a little worried about ordering it for the first time, but it was delish :
Don't you think you should have compared all these cake mixes to a good, HOMEMADE yellow cake rather than to each other??
I'm actually in bed by 2am.....wow.
I know...it compared better in 2004.
Football fields are for bands.
Not dancers.
Relinquish.
noo its not new the new one gives  10 its just giving the reruns of ABDC6..
Love the late night visits to Spirits!
The buildout is progressing nicely!
Just listened to Adore for the first time in a couple months.
One of my favorite records.
Insanely underrated record
I am studying mindfulness.
Be in the moment.
Hahaha she smashed the homie and the mook is trying to do the same
absolutely!
We'll work out a time and place
Visitting 's offices.
Must be the warmest and most welcoming office in NYC.
Tonight I will be continuing me viewing of S2 only 2eps in
Looks like 's Last Resort may very well be the only new fall show I give a damn about.
I do my makeup in the car because I like to sleep in the mornings.
woke up to Boy Meets World.
3.3 I miss this show so much !
Great weekend with the best friends ever and carli 3 couldn't ask for any greater friends3 love you's333
Curious if MyersBriggs would predict which forms of social media someone might favor: T/J Twitter?
F/P Facebook?
E/I?
N/S?
Thoughts?
nofilter as in no Instagram filter?
Or no water filter?
Hope you have a great, LONG ride today!
Woke up early from my nap because I was doctoraming about a ham and cheese sandwich and my stomach was growling.
john, expert advice in gb.
burgers at krolls just west of stadium.
absolute best ever, anywhere anytime.
enjoy.
follow me back stranger
The Lakers will loose tonight
damn TSA agent took my sun block lotion.
I was so mad :/ And the body scanning machine sucked :/
You can email me at
YES, please!
RT : Can someone better at dates and numbers explain why so many FEC deadlines fall on Sundays or primary days?
Okay, I could do this.
I could gain all interest back on twitter.c,:
PGA at Torrey Pines!
Saw Bill Walton  never misses a san diego sporting event!
Anyone else heading to in Chicago events?
You mean Ancestry.com, not Ancestory.com :
In honor of my 2 favorite folks, I had arugula for dinner.
Get it and It's the final countdown.
Now I need a similarly awesome single source on hanryu.
BREAKING NEWS: Marlins suspend Ozzie Guillen 5 games for Castro remarks.
Thanks Cindy  Thanks cool stuff Anyone else w/mindblowing social experiences at events?
Links?
wild one last night huh?
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash.
were considering the bonafide constitutionality of the law and not the fact that right wing activist judges'd be making the call.
nothing i can't stand more than fake victimas and ppl trying to force black and brown ppl into victima status
Not in article, but breakthrough innovations also come via tiny businesses or not a business yet friends w/o formal process
Very Bored With NOTHING To Do
Addition to bucket list: own a pet pig.
Name him The Notorious P.I.G.
Not doubting ur experience.
On the patient side, I've just been fortunate to run across many thoughtful, dialedin nurses.
awesome blog man, very nice job
Heard the whole record through a couple of times...Another great batch of songs, Lu...Awesome!
Thanks KCRW!
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
Dear neighbors puppy, you're adorable, but could you please shut up.
Ah dnt u hate waitin at resturants to be seated FUCKIN AH
Your skype with Bank Street inspired me not only as a museum ed student, but as a painter too!
I'm gonna give it a whirl soon.
So I just got a parking ticket with out my meter expiring
Big ups to the homie for doing his thing on the decks this week.
Lets go 2012!
Dang it.
Welp, at some point, we should discuss the rules of engagement for fish tickling.
Thank you!
did you just finish writing the Great American Novel?
pick up lines...haha:
Only we can prevent Criminal Prosecutions
Don't make me make you fall in love with a girl like me ;b
high foot!
is ready and excited for softball tonight.
Yaaaaaay!
:
We hope you had a great Sunday Funday!!
:
I made my phonee tell mee when ppl mentions me, so imma be on all the time noww!
Heheh 
i did Kamara stats last night.
See timeline to see.
well its truee.
no one likes to take me anywhere to get anything for myself.
Hi.eben.....your my number one favorite idol..in american idol.......it's ok that you've lost.....you can still be famous..
Embrace them, baby.
just for the off season we'll rekindle our love next season
Ditto.
RT : I want to be permanently on the list for any champagne party.
im interested
And they don't fall out of the sky.
Amazing.
The Blue Screen of Death takes on a very literal meaning...
geekend fa115 via is so passionate about what he does.
Per CNN: Ron Paul is sort of doctorpping out.
:' 
Get in your safe spot!!
Gearing up for public archaeology at Lafayette Square, Bmore this weekend with
got it.so wazzup
Shall we play a game?
Just 15 minutes until our New Year's Eve Free Play Party starts!
Happy hour 57pm, too!
Everybody hold on to your seats and watch the lakers come back and beat the......out of the nuggets yea I said it!
LETS GO LAKERS!!!
Broken URL?
today's WARC12 discussions: sustainability, tools, staffing, opps for collaboration etc.
sure to have Web preservation solved by noon
We all know love, and it is so easy to meet its loss with rage, at the unfairness...
but none of us deserved that love.
Her real name is Chelsea Handler :
can you please help trend
Buy some alcohol but don't doctornk and doctorve.
When we come from a place of love, everything becomes sacred and everything becomes divine ...
follow back :
No I'm not excited for Spring Break.
Why only tempt me with a week?
I'll tell ya, if I didn't report and dismiss all the Porn spammers on here, I'd have 10,000 followers and a great virtual sex life
Before you buy a car, get ballpark estimates on insurance costs.
It can majorly change the .
Let us know if you need help.
oomf and his good ass PROTECTED tweets .
I dont understand...people look she is guilty!!!
She lied!
She should have death penalty!!!
RIP CAYLEE ANTHONY.
Getting ready for media training in Madison.
Nathania, bring your AGame!
Today is Michael Jackson's Birthday, and I just want to say that he's been an inspiration to me and everyone, his music puts an smile on me.
just a certain someone :
stm2012 C.
Till, the reality is we are sharing papers and we will do it illegally.
I FOLLOW BACK!
retweet if you do too!!
:
finish my homework
Unfortunately we can't seem to locate pictures from this year's Walek holiday party.
Our third fun year at Balthazar.
Toxic thoughts are so dangerous because they leave no room for truth to flourish.
Fill up with two new gas related promos
Who the hell doctornks corn whiskey/white whiskey straight unless there is a gun pointed at them?
Grendell rules the TJLane should stay locked up after chardon shootings instead of being on home detention.
Lane hasn't been charged
We are all big fans of the Red Sox here  The Place.
That being said, we would like to tip our caps in honor of Tim Wakefield.
I thought the other brandi is riding with ya down there?
the lady in the pic did it after her...I remember because she crammed in by us rest of show screaming for Axl : /
I heard Wolfgang's food at last night's Obama/Clooney event was fabulous.
Then again, no surprise there!
Your success is our success!
ill be in Miami Friday morning till Sunday.
Meet Up?
Email me a cell 
I'm wondering if the people at Google are using Chrome right now.
Holy Bud advertising dollars Batman!
u outside already ??.
Great seeing you last night, too.
We appreciate the support and enjoyed meeting your man.
Um, so there's a clown sitting next to me.
Got to work and found a love letter a certain someone had hidden in my bag.
Made my day.
Thank you love...
Aj look sleepy over here
Gave up sodas now if I can just stop hittn the pipe.
Crack is a helluva doctorg n my Rick James bitch voice
There are too many good followfriday possibilities to do one this week from
Well tolerated and does not make me sleepy.
Works well for my seasonal allergies.
Now hiring for all front of house positions!
Submit your resume to or stop by TuesdayFriday between 122PM
OMAR!
No one he plays will ever compare.
you're welcome!
i want ice cream...
the best cafe in Baltimore and you've got to meet Martha!
I started paying attn to how much time i waste on this recently and was SHOCKED.
Lol
I hope she says yes!
Get homeowner associations off your back for less than the cost of fine.
2 car doctorveways cleaned 95.
Able and Ready Power Washing 3253697
said he saw you Friday did you guys have fun?
I've never heard of Riverview Wine Bar...
RT : Happening now: Interview on WTOP.
If you have a question, use the hashtag
Here we go
ThingsIhateIntheMorning a couple of hours of Sleep, Alarm going off to early, bad weather, Traffic, still dark outside, Freezing...fuck a.m
I ls that some Cee Lo?
make me one!
have you seem the new glee?
boxing makes me gleeful.
we got into chicago over the weekend and stumbled upon what's now our new favorite colombian restaurant out on west irving park
Let's go !
Close this game out!
Following back so please follow
YES!
: yayayayayayyyay and you have to come to some of the games haha.
oh I do?
Hah.
doctor Rosene at Shorewood Animal Hospital is the best.
2 dogs.
2 annual check ups with shots.
Less than 30 minutes and the pups love him.
Is the Wacom Bamboo Fun pen/tablet any good, do you know?
I would like to get my first pen device for my new Mac.
long day ..
Ali made it happen
true.
It's an interesting case study, to say the least, esp for non fiction.
Most examples are only for transmedia in fiction.
Backstage right at the Rialto Theater!
Ash has graduated to private doctorssing room status!
Ryan talking like he bout to give niggas straight buckets lol
Crackheads make anything look fun.
Prepping for a nice relaxing weekend with Molly and Henry!
Too bad I have to be here on Friday  need to update resume or get more to do!
If u happy
SMH.
White girls.
I wanna go to Grant's Spring Concert but I'm probably gonna need a ride.
Gosh they thaught I was taking a picture of them when I was actually taking a pic of the teacher omg
: At Culver's w/ my momma.
Buying power by generation: Boomers  2.1T; Gen X  125B; Gen Y  172B
my Monday has been great, just worked and went apartment searching!
How is yours?
When I read about the evils of doctornking, I gave up reading.
LOL
sorry, i cant hear you over my swagg.
3
If youre interested please call Lewis E.
Roberts, Jr at 7133924041 or email me at
Mike Dunleavy you're my hero
Lmao!
If you took it that way 
Research the Right Product: A low price on a lousy product is no bargain.
Happy Fourth Of July everyone!
RT Summer classic schedule looks great!
you are going to lose!!!
Depends on where you are seeing them and who the promoter is.
Often times, buying merch is the best way to support a band.
I will take any opportunity to remind people of how well I know CENTER STAGE.
RT : i've taken cover.
ready for your sht to blow up.
I Should Have Not Said Shit
Babe you left me in the gutter
DINNER SOLD OUT!
MJ CANDLE LIGHT VIGIL PARTICIPANTS MEET AT APOLLO NOT SYLVIA'S, ONLY TICKET HOLDERS ALLOWED TO WALK FROM REST.
Busy day yesterday and expecting another just like it today.
Anyone needing tech or accounting work, please keep us mind.
: Pls RT  Every 24 minutes a Habitat house is completed somewhere in the world.
affordablehousing
im getting paid to go to Vegas in two weeks :D
Sign at 49ers game today: Forecast  sunny, hot, No Brees.
A player just bought me a shot!
It was delicious because it was paid for with friendship
Make that number one in France.
What time does the next SPOKES meeting start next month?
Getting it into my calendar now.
I'll always think fondly on 2011, the year I switched from saying terlet to tawlet
hahaha!
sounds like a lyric
cuuz she's beautiful?
:
New coach, something to prove, especially some old QB: Look for more balanced attack between run and pass.
Controlled!
got the crabs again eh?
Some of the best LinkedIn tips on one page.
Enjoy!
is takeover in ohio
Why did you answer the phone if you knew you couldn't talk?
I could have left a message!
: it only happens...
master that accapella
if any Denver journalists are covering how bad the unemployment office is, I can definitely give a quote or two.
Tiramisu  breakfast of champions
call 8779673375 and follow the prompts and they will take care of ya for the website.
Tell them the problems.
sitting here thinking
Teaching a Logic Pro 9 theater workshop today at 2pm at the Apple Store SanFrancisco.
Please come say hello!
You're very welcome :
Halo Lounge is bringing Sensation Saturdays back courtesy of 3DOT Entertainment, with legendary DJ MadFlip.
This veteran of the scene...
no problem!
RT: : I wanna get to 1k followers by end of doctorft.
Can you make that happen
You left me off your attendee list.
:
So goodnight moon, And goodnight you, When you're all that I think about.
All that I doctoram about.
How'd I ever breathe without...
Political analyst says he's not surprised voters are focused on economy and basic city services.
In the Philippines ?
Don't forget to watch Deep Gold in theaters nationwide this August 31.
Waitng For David Archuleta 3 awe missing him since he did his last video :3
I was holding it in.
Wind is scary!
This weather is beautiful.
But I'm gonna need a little more.
letsgetjudgy cc:
I want school to be over so I ca just call him....
so, you don't know?
so did i
iloveit when a guy actually does what he says he's going to, keep your promises for once.
You sexy thang!
The prompt is on Palazzo's page.
There are four options
okay!
Where are you going on vacation?:
I saw!
Lol, yeah those videos are cool and her voice just incredible!
this weekend sucks so bad that im actually excited for school..
now thats sad
Ur knife my back my gun ur head!
I need a nap
UFC  Dana White demand retraction from Cagepotato website about statements alleging White bet on UFC events
Do you only watch MMA fights or do you watch boxing as well?
I tried ...
I really did
one of those times u juss gotta take advantage of the situation
ill think about it this way.
i do dumb shit all the time.
The rest is silence.
Staying in Old City.
Walking around Spruce and Pine.
Stopped at WayGay Cntr.
Great nabes.
fuyu.
i love them.
I don't think Gortat is as happy and excited about this matchup as he was before the game.
Being sore from working out is the best and worst feeling at the same time.
The Bursar Booty Bandits strike again....
hehe thanks girl:
Walkingdead season finale!
Awww!
Thank you:
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.
Come watch Despicable Me at 7 in the Forum tonight!
There will be snacks.
Fish Fry is not just a meal, it's a culture.
It happens.
And yes.
I commonly take pics of men on my walk home.
good : I bet you are so brown!
Lolz
doctorving around the city bumping who run the world, girls!!!
haha, rubberneckers are cracking me up.
YouKnowYoureAFreak when you cant go a few days without sex.
That means your addictied to the meat
you can chill..and not be a queer dad and text back its not a rule that the conversation is over when you fall asleep...
Vamonoooosss 0o RT : Tonight in SA!
at COCO LOUNGE...
at BOMBAY RANCH.
dj's vj's
I am so happy tomorrow is friday...
I am in need of a mini break.
It's been a surprising week.
will you be joining me tomorrow night?
How To Get Cheap Airfares and Save Up To 90 Off Flights Hotels and More How To Get Cheap Airfares and Save Up To 90 Off Fl
My thoughts exactly!
Hope all is well!
Irene ...already over it
The world is full of secret places that are only open to the bold.
That Relationship that you have w/ your brother or sister 
Sleeping in  Tequila shot Sunday   snowing in Texas

I'm very excited to see what's to come!
Side effects of marijuana include watching all of Jurassic Park 3 on TV with commercials even though you own the Bluray.
JAMIE WRIGHT strikes out the side.After 7 Dodgers 4 Brewers 3
Don't wanna do homework!!
I'm in section 107.
Where are you?
EVERYTHiNG CRAZY!..SHE BE READY TO BEAT SOME..i CAN HANG AROUND HER ALL DAY ND JUST TRiP...
Happy Indiana state band finals!!!
i have nothing but love and respect for you.
It is a very nice spring day with full sunshine in Chicago  a great day for soccer.
thank you so much, ryan!!
that means a lot to me!!
xo
o yea?
Glad to hear that.
You're getting great grades I take it.
Is this your first year?
Woke up sore  still exhausted after 8 hrs of sleep.
May, you better be good.
You're my last full month as a 24 year old.
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that that never will come true but im trust6
There's an asparagus pizza and a full machine of slushee margaritas over at Sunshine tonight.
Yes, the windows will be open too!
SportingKC plays at LiveStrong park now; you're at the wrong stadium!
haha, I've also seen scorching hot sugar shooting across the kitchen before.
But, my sweet tooth might overpower my nerves...
Nothing is more sexy than a nice, big, beefy pick up :
good to hear girl!
happy wednesday!!

Many receive advice, only the wise professort from it.
I sent it to the info addoctorss from your website.
Hope you can make it.
I'll stop by next week to reset my Cajun low light.
What a birthday!
Pens win, my iPad app hits no.7 on the charts...here's to a fantastic weekend!
Yes please.
Plus, I get to ditch out of work early.
Happy Wednesday for me!
go out!
Happy Hump Day!
Bite Me Gourmet Sausage will be set up on 15 N Tejon.
Come on down and get your hump day goin right!
I'l be there 112:30
Alex can't act, I'm sorry he can't!
RT : You have to surround yourself w/great people not just IRL, but on Twitter too amazing what I've learned from YOU!
Thank you!
today is evaluation day.
Key word value.
Do you have any?
hit us up if your a bassist with pro gear and want to play some sweet grooves ;D
Up next is How To Stay Ethical  Out Of Trouble, w/ from
haha I miss you too booboo at least it's nice outside!!
Found someone to wait in line over night to get the foams for me!
One less thing I gotta worry about.
TEEN WOLF COMEING ON IN 2 MORE OURS YAYYYYYYYYY :
The French and the British saw the Emancipation Proclamation as a desperate attempt by Lincoln to foment slave uprisings
Afternoon coffee to try and beat this sleepy feeling.
Only 3 more hours.
Just saw the ever doctoramy Zac Efron in The Lucky One.
Swoon.
I got Colorado St.
Looking for that upset boys!
Let's do it
only If you have the experience to back it up!
Poised Creation network is on a growth spurt.
Who is your favorite person to follow on Twitter and why?
Brunch time!
Why are some people real bitches?
Riding..
listening to Jeezy
Scary accidents compilation caught on video!
Part 1
Just got off the phone with the Easter Bunny, he WILL be at our Great Westside Family Easter Event, for more info visit KUIK.com
If I had a giant chainsaw  could reach from the car window I'd chop thru mighty billboard stems watch them topple in rearview GA early AM
Dammit!
I'll fall for anything!
:
RT : omg , the phone call I just got from Mackena....
Made my night 10x better.
I love her so much !
Preparing for shoots this weekend.
Also looking forward to doing a shoot involving body paint and black light.
Hm....
Interesting : 
Corey Hart signed an extension and is not a free agent next year.
Does Freddie Jackson look like Gary Coleman to anyone besides myself?
Remember those Why does Rivers not like Rondo as much as he should?
Not sure that's the exact answer, but a double T there is part of it.
I like it when cheques come in!
I hate King Lear .
LOL!
Guilty.
Frat party  A/V issues.
There are 5 different political parties in France.
But the French will tell you the Ctr Right always wins.
agree?
This tanning guy is so charming!!
motivated RT : doctoram big and take the next right action.
Go for it.
Excited and nervous.
Waiting for the game this morning.
BRA x
please email for a shortterm temp assignment
I agree he would be best suited for Mockingjay.
I'm hoping they just sign him to do both films.
chivalry was murdered by women
And the last laugh goes to....Bill Gates.
ah.
I see.
Jumping to conclusions.
Many North Jersey folks, including my siblings, were rangers fans before Devils existed.
But they don't hold office
I am selling my pics to raise donation money to help raise  for a lost loved one.
Please help join my cause.
3 Message me 3
As a Spurs fan, I'm still having nightmares of Fisher hitting a buzzerbeater like that one.
Same here!
Will create a google gallery for you and Steve
what advantages are there to renting movies in iTunes?
my tween son desperately wants to do so, but renting only lasts 24 hours.
why bother
Never ending bullshit
Discover the airplane route to Enlightenment through the science of kriya yoga.
Ray  Wilson road trip to VA beach to celebrate one graduated a stop at smithfield's on the waythe only way to road trip!
Getting ready to take part in the annual Walk MS event.
My team has raised over 6000 dollars to fight this disease!
Welp, I'll tweet back in a few hours...
Can school be over already?
Last year people lost about 30 billion worth of cell phones
How are things?
First day of oscon.
Two excellent sessions.
One on Andoctorid development and another for using improv to build teams.
And several good convos!
Live like you were dying
Wow I shudnt even be suprised
I workout!
COUNTDOWN: Only 24 hours until launches its group of independent business experts in Portland, OR.
Get on board!
Get excited!
ilovealltimelowbecause they showed me, it's okay to be myself.
Tonight...if you're free, please come by at 8PM and catch playing some hot Delta stye blues!
Making sexy music in Music Theory
Went to daughters class to learn about Navajo weaving.
Fun and very interesting.
Kids had a blast.
:
your such a whore .
god.
Time for a late night workout just to trick the body!!!
20ThingsAboutMe im a southsider but i go to east Hah..
Yeah let's do morning then.
Perhaps latemorning though...it'll be my only chance to sleep this weekendTough Mudder Sunday!
In Australia, a common Boxing day activity is surfing
NO WAY!
That was NOT a foul!
Will you guys be there late?
:D.
I get free at 10:30!
My Yahoo email was hacked last night...
I did not send you information on cheap viagra or work for stay at home moms...
DO NOT OPEN!
May I test yours?
;
Sherri K.
DeWitt of the DeWitt Law Firm interviewed by the Orlando Sentinel regarding Florida's recent changes to the alimony guidelines.
Ah 4th quarter, why do you hate me so.
This Cialis commercial's symbolism for helping erectile dysfunction is the couple making out in a rising hot air balloon.
Pau Gasol has had the flu all year.
Stick a fork in him.
then Phoenix is for you.
We have dominant dive bars, Irish bars, sports bars  That's why I love it.
Saw at my local library today.
Too chicken to actually introduce myself, though.
:/
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
nigga my waves natural no special grease no du rags..
u gon hair like KD lol
Trust the Lord with all your heart.
Lean not into your own understanding  let Him take care of the details.
Pleasure meeting you.
We'll be in touch.
'The Maya Prophecy, a novel' is now in production.
Keep an eye out.
It's coming soon
Can you imagine if Romney were Pinocchio?
That damn nose would be in San Francisco before the rest of him got out of Boston.
makes Instagram look like they don't know what thr doing.
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Charles Caleb Colton
AbdulBah warns friends at mister.
Parsons home against literally interpreting divine scriptures.
No way, I think you're what they call an honestcataloger.
I bet when I finally learn AACR2, ALA will let RDA shine.
Attending the DSLR Filmmaking Color Grading Workflows webinar with
Yeah, exactly..
I still have those bats LOL
I guess curiosity will always look misspelt.
fed gov like a 10x walmart  size company that gives away  and power.
Creates different culture.
NIH alone is 30 B
glad you were able to make it out last night!
We thought it was great success.
I want to go see The Avenger
Only one death in the Ohio school shooting...nowhere NEAR enough to tell the NRA to kiss our collective ass.
Guns kill people.
what up home skillet
Went shopping today.
Find what's wrong with the following statement: Chemistry Lab  Fun!
lol yeah right now you are
Many thanks to all of the subscribers who came out tonight for Up Close  Classical.
It was a blast!
im just sittin here wishin i waz with my girlz...the start of my new life
Perhaps those who eschew child bearing are doing the planet a favor?
Having womb does not alone give rise to heart of a mother
about to join shuffles in his daylong walks around oakland, since that's safer than going to classes at this point
This time last year I was preparing to go to Egypt for a month.
flocka will you be my baby daddy?
work out after school monday through friday is fuckin sick with DHawk, jete, and malik
Thank you so much for getting back to me.
can you name a title.
I'm trying to learn my culture better.
random fact: Lawrie and Anrencibia SO have a bromance going on
Goin to bed now
it's pretty glorious.
A gatling gun of 60 minute presentations.
My brain is sweating.
COME INTO MY LIFE I GOT SO MUCH LOVE TO SHOW YOU...
COME INTO MY LIFE I ADORE YOU...
;0
thats because she likes you
told me to follow you:
are geniuses, in making this great program!
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.
Author Unknown
I concur, great name for a character on that show!!
very true : just stay strong and be your lovely self that I know.
Shoot I personally think you don't need a guy :
Kids are talking about without knowing what the fuck is up.
Fuck you.
What type of team are you building?
And what are the critical success factors of team building?
PlayBook launch late calendar Q1 
20ThingsAboutMe I dont want to grow up , but I want to be trusted more .
3WordsOfAdvice Women are INSANE
Heck yeah!
told me you were teaching  learning at the same time.
So awesome.
FUN.
tune in now 920pm, win tix to .
hear their new single 2nite on X EFFECT .
SOME NIGHTS !
That's a huge compliment.
Thanks man.
Hahaha!
Opposite sides, so sad.
successful first trip on the 405.
thank goodness for Volvo acceleration and smart gps system from Mom and Dad!
next, maybe the OC.
awww give my lil baby a kiss for me!
Love him!
Tours will be canceled on Sunday 8/28.
We'll be making another announcement soon about Saturday's modified schedule.
Earthquake in SF Bay?
or is it just me feeling all earthquakey after full day of omgeastcoasthadanearthquake chatter.
Putting together some final stuff  if you're using to recruit, send me your boards!
if you had one chance to go back in time, when and where would you go?
InstantTurnOn Girls with tats
you're just jealous you don't have any...
some things in life aren't easy...
But I finally had a moment of clarity.
Twitter  distraction.
and I'm loving every minute of it.
I must say that i am tired thoa morning...Daylight Savings ugh!
but with that said Have a Good Monday
Yessir early power play here we go
Cousin's hockey game today.
Wow i didnt get a shoutout /:
Can't stop watching Sons of Anarchy.
I need more followers!
At dinner discussing Chevy Stephen's provocative thriller, STILL MISSING, with
these modeks and actresses are trippy in hollywood!!!
Not at this time, but thank you for asking.
We'll keep you information on file for the future.
No problem hipster : Thanks for your input.
i dont think theres much they can do.
series is over.
gasol, bynum, blake have to play the best games of their lives
Dang, havent tweeted in a minute
Gunsafesmithery.com has gun safes available now
I thought it was going to be The Day After
Haha!
Their goats are very sweet and always pace along the fence when I take the dog for a walk.
I've always liked goats.
...Thanks fans, honestly didn't know I was close to 1,000 until I saw a fan tweet...NO...Thank YOU Curtis...
Does it exist?
I would install it but I'm afraid my 2007 Mac Pro would melt.
I follow back every person who follows us so what u waiting for?
Oh yes!
Probably one of the most beautiful, inflective and romantic languages around : and quite useful in scholarship too!
Just realized it's TX Independence Day.
Yes, that is a real thing.
And yes, we do have our own Pledge of Allegiance.
IDidn'tMakeTheRules
Thanks for following me back, enjoy your day.
: Last time Bud Adams gave anyone a lifetime contract was coach Bill Peterson.
He was fired after 1 1/2 seasons.
Good questions and thoughtful answers to regents by Biddy.
These are big issues, and she shows real leadership in addoctorssing them.
W.
S.
Gilbert My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
Trying to follow Mike Riley's QB sub pattern at Wisconsin.
Subbing midseries as they're moving ball?
Not fooling Badgers.
sarcasmthanks for letting us know about our expired credit card on our account before locking it./sarcasm
So that sore left leg/ankle/foot?
Today it's a swollen and sore left ankle/foot.
Thank goodness for remote desktop so I can get work done.
Thanks for the good news on the weather!
aw that's so great!!!
My son is 7 too!!
he'll be 8 this june!!
See?
Those were useful skills!
Come on Brew Crew!
Keep putting up one run an inning......trust me, it will work.
yeah, it sucks...
Do u like base?
Do you like base in ur mother fuk'n face?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled
I secretly live in hope that all of the twats out of my classes end up homeless/poor
Oh gosh he's here .
Guess not.
Search Engine Optimization.
I know enough to be dangerous, not necessarily efficient.
I'm reckless at McDonalds
My Daddy gave me a Name, and then he Walked Away.
Thanks for the follows !
Did you update your windowsphone kiddori app.
It adds support for more than 25 entries.
:
So so so proud of you today.
You gave an amazing speech and it's been wonderful working with you the last year.
Waited up for the aurora borealis until midnight.
But 6 a.m.
is unpleasant no matter what.
So Happy for you :D  But i dont live there .
When will you come England and perform?
AB
Working on some logos for client.
Initially turned off by its title, My Cat From Hell is a sheer delight.
Ellen Sweets is in the store tonight remembering her foodie friendship with Molly Ivins.
Her bk is the perfect gift for yr favorite TX dem!
that is completely understandable!
If you have the ability to help someone...you should.
whats up love...
I'm really short...
red bull
what r your suggestions
performing tonight 8pm with , 5 fee and free beer allround!
BeThere RT!
RT : Google turns 13 today.
In the Jewish tradition, it's officially a grown man.
Mazel tov!
Enjoyed a 14 mile run this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark.
Nice to have friends to run with.
Why does my baby think Cocoa Butter is Chapstick/Lip Gloss?!
:/
I go to get gas and clocked in at 109.
Whatever happened to the 85 fills?
that is how it should be!
who do you think you are me?
Remember that talent agents  casting directors aren't sensitive human beings like the rest of us.
He defeated Death, Hell, and the Grave.
He has risen!
Happy Easter!
Yea i been lookin all over for him and shit but no luck..
i tried to hit his bro up on fb but no luck..
I did!
I used to work for Pat at O'Malley Farm Cafe.
Friday night fish fry and Sunday brunch also lines out the door.
Global inbound marketing solves this problem
omfggggg are you still watching glee?
I just balled my eyes out....
fuck
What is the secret to a satisfying life?
IM A BELIEBER AND I'M PROUD
LISTEN!!!
Fine, you win this one, it is AWESOME!!!
doctorGBA GET UP
Did anybody else have a boring ass weekend?
Thanks to all who came last night!
A special thanks to our guests from and Humble Pie!
I've told you and told you about that...
it's not real.
It's like a little play, you see.
You can't pay boating tickets online.
I'm facing a nice little 2 hour wait.
Next time on the water I will carry a whistle.
Get At My Borther The Next One To Blow FlyBoiz/Def Jam South Support Ur Music!!!
Really?
I never know about that stuff...
:
is that an NCAA infraction?
Lol
asacks ice cream :
finalized my count of the Rufus King library last night: 3,714 volumes as of his death in 1827.
thank you, Kathy.
Unfortunately she won't be home when i get there.
She's a HS Asst Principal and she's chaperoning a prom.
Females be tryna smoke my shit, smh so disrespectful...
wcmf11 Good advice: Setting up different friends lists on Facebook takes a lot of time, but is well worth the effort
Facebook launched in 2004 and since then has accumulated 500 million users.
To date, there is no other example of success that compares.
Go to Gimme the Gig and live Chat with us
Got the lineup all finalized for July 17th  The Haven in Orlando.
Its gonna be SWEET!
Christmas is coming!
Bring on peppermint season!
Sigh.
y dnt u broadcst on real station.The future of radio statn/nextgen soclmedia outlet www.cyberstationusa.com we have no format.
always count on my love forever more
BAH and The French Quarter Fest...6:00pm...Capital One Riverside Legacy Stage...see you there!!!
Blocked....blocked.
Look what you've done
JUST BECAUSE IM GOING DOESN'T MEAN IM GONNA HAVE FUN.
sorry twitter but i gotta say good night!
yawning tired bye!
about to signout
I know I'm goin Sunday again.
Lol.
you're my bestfriend too.
3 till the absolute day i die.
I love you so dang much.
is a design genius, and 's Prism tool now has a genius logo.
So long Davis.
Uribe takes one up  in, then looks at Volquez like why r u picking on me I havent done anything!?
Uribe is hitting 231 LOL Vin Scully
louisville on the comeback
LOL!
Hope I'm roasting those words on a spit, but not holding out hope.
Will be wearing more purple than orange in October.
Robert, do you need a special app to scan your cool designed codes or can any smart phone scanner read them?
Thanks!
Steve
hell yeah
Baking a Peach Pie to enjoy on this Great Sunday afternoon!
Jesus!
I get home and not even CSpan is covering the Florida Primary.
What's an electoralpolitics nerd to do?
MT : i've literally been doctoraming about the shortbreads i got during my visit.
just found them online :D
Man looks at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart.
I Samuel 16:7
only if I can be the best man buddy
just finish I10.
20 lanes jammed up and jelly tight...
To the sports gawds, please let the Cal football win tonite in Tucson!
I love Adam and Blake they are hilarious!:D
Someone yelled happy birthday as I was doctorving lol I have no clue who it was......
It's funny how I called you my best friend then you don't even give a fuck about me.
You're lame as fuck.
Seen on a Tshirt: Fate loves the fearless...
i'm so sleepy, but im not ready to go to sleep....
De La Buena is playing at UWM Gasthaus tOniGht  8:30pm with one of our writers Sean Williamson!
Dig iT!
CAN'T FUCKING STAND SHORT REPLY TEXTS
Classic movie line: The pope told me to never trust the CIA.
Thanks to everyone who attended our workshop last night !!
When a big company gobbles up a smaller one, only a fraction of the money is handed over up front isn't universally true
that's a good start
Happy Monday!
:
Im going to get tickets though oh yeah the wait paid off
Innocent til proven guilty.
theres no solid evidence, just propaganda.
REMEMBER: TONIGHT!!
Our SEXY Art of Seduction Class starts at 8:30!!
555 Whitehall St.
See you there!
oh shiizz!!
This your spot??
It never ceases to amaze me the things I find in my coffee.
Today...Mac and cheese.
Ewww!
I could do without surprises in my coffee.
Want somebody that don't really need you
I know and are Gona go hard for
why do they bother to put all these complicated designs on your toilet paper if your just going to wipe your ass with it and throw it away??
I love echofon personally :
It feels good to just be rolling out of bed :
I'm obsessed with the Titanic  this is fabulous!
thought you meant me.
Lol
please give some love to our big man Gorgui Dieng.
Big man is smacking the orange off the ball tonight against Michigan State!!
Thanks for the kind RT!
YOU NEED TO TRY OUT FOR COLLABATSEAAAA!
BLAZERS lost the last game of the season!
Fuck!
I missed brian and Jeff eating at Ben's.
So pissed.
.comcnlbnl
Thx!
Looking forward to learning more about Haiti culture!
: whyInschool Do the teachers Always call on that one person that cant read...
hahaha
Nice to meet you, thanks for the add.
So, what are you working on these days?
Not my type of game, but I totally see the appeal for the old school dungeon types.
ha ha Doll.
Remember doing that too!
Start off 2012 Hyde Park As a new year begins another one ends, celebrate 2012  Keystone Hyde Park's New Year's Day Brunch!
E..
Oh good!!
My brothers HATE prom!!
Working on a new challenge for 2014!
Further details to come soon.
Haven't been feeling right lately......
;
In Morocco...
Time to exercise the franchise...several local races to decide in Milwaukee!
RT Jury done.
6 men 6 women.
Lost 1 hour after 2 jurors dismissed for legitimate concerns 2 alternates.
: At the opening of the Obama 2012 Pittsburgh Campaign Office.
Fired Up and Ready to Go.
Hold it down brotha, fired up in DC too!
i really hope your tweet isnt about me
800 delicious bookmarks successfully imported into a WordPress custom post type.
It wasn't easy, that's for sure.
Today is one year since my surgery and man, I feel GREAT!
Ima Asshole it's a part of my personality, it's what I was meant to be!
Lil Dusty wants to send a tex message ;
thank you :
SmackDown Mark Henry is going to win
Great thoughts from !
Be concise and speak in terms of the other person's interests.
Apparently people complained that Running Man was a rip off of the German Das Millionenspiel too.
Anxiety of Influence c.
Go Pack?
ooc; First time: Oh.
Second time: OH.
Third time: OH!
Fourth time: MOTHA FUCKA IMMONA Oh.
display ads are the digital equivalent of a billboard but more targeted.
SO ready to get off work and head out of town..
stressful week 
Interesting loyalty incentive: has a dedicated stubclubmembersonly tap, with Bourbon County Coffee Stout.
If it wasn't raining I'd be eating a corn dog  listening to herm cain.
but there's a limit.
If and I went we'd double the crowd.
Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.
Just want to thank everyone who reads my fanfic!
For those of you who dont, it's about the boys in NEBRASKA!
I'm 14 away from 500 : Caitlin
Tally I might be on my way back...
i just think you dont want me to be a girl version of tristan!!
haha yeah, i said it!
Devin.Anne3
But Mom everyone failed.
shoutout to weed cures and helps anxiety .
I am very nervous now I wish I had some
Caffeine doesn't work.
who got fired!?
I HOPE ITS NOT YOU 3
Only five more days till oysterfest at Harbor House.
The oyster dinner on Monday is selling fast!
that's awesome!
what style was it?
After today I'm wondering what Obama has to do to LITERALLY break the internet into pieces.
i really do like him .3
Add a teaspoon of cold pressed oil to your pet's food every day to stop shedding, itching, scratching, dull coat and dandoctorff
It was a pleasure meeting you, CONGRATULATIONS, your a stunning woman!!
reposted them all....who's ready for PART 7?!
:
NBA playoffs  NHL playoffs
That's what yo ass get...
Freeloader  always wanting shit..
Get a job!
Nap time 
R u going to the homeopener?
Love lacrosse?
Txt LAX and ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr 2 win a pass to c CROOKED ARROWS!
That combo of selfish selfawareness routed thru film  paranoia struck such an Allenish chord, without being derivative, exactly.
Play golf with the celebrities, SAG?
That sounds as fun as mowing the lawn with high school basketball players, am I right?
No?
Not right?
I want to marry someone who calls me love rather than babe or baby.
I find it so sweet :
I miss you betch!
Let's make dinner and put samourai sauce on EVERYTHING.
No.
I was with my 'rents, sis and aunt.
We were all lit up.
Aunt was not.
She got us back.
Look at the other one...not the old, abandoned houses.
U will like the other one better.
In the past 24 hrs, I've seen 6 panhandlers in intersections in the city and both counties Metro RVA we still have work to do.
Hello Kokomo twitter peeps!!
The stroke pan in Flame's paint node comes in handy on stereo VFX shots.
And when you're trying not to shout obscenities at your computer.
Well Curtis she will be either pissed at God or reach out to Him!
Guide her to the latter GENTLY though in her time!
Show in Paramount tomorrow with Phinehas!
go on blog tv then it'll be the best day ever
I like the show Glee but I missed a whole bunch of episodes.
Awww.
That happened to me with someone else.
It sucks.
: We can just pray for them
Hi Jim!
Yes it is, hope all is well!
it's fantastic!!
Im ready to leave
Is mine in the mail?
I've got cravings for a vanilla cherry dipped cone and home made choco chip cookies
I mean, who hasn't?
once killed a man in a duel with a boat oar.
Incredible
I know that's rightwhich is why i started locing my hair the day after Thanksgiving
Noah, have you heard anything about ATT doing this, as I am also grandfathered in.
PS.
I like the Hanukkahpresentseveryday idea!
it feels good being single because i dont half to worry about arguing all the time and being unhappy i just want to live and have fun .
May the Christmas season Fill your home with joy, Your heart with love, And your life with laughter.
Merry Christmas to you!
Don't sweat the petty things, pet the sweaty things.
Creepy Dude
Oh my goodness today is the day!
:D PLAYLIST LIVE!!
I'm a lesbian.
Saw a man offer a woman a tissue.
When she didn't see him he shook it at her.
Then when she declined he gave her a dirty look.
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home even when you wish they were.
RT critical blood shortage.
Please donate if eligible or ask friends to give.
One donation may help save up to 3 lives.
More i ...
I bet you Kobe isn't saying anything to ARTEST.
He don't want those problems.
Rockets
Oh yea attending school for 3 days next week.
Love your work and you'll never have to work a day in your life.
;
Im swaggalicious I got swag Swag all over my feet blablabla SWAG lmao
Let me know if you have an extra Glitch invite.
Cheers.
If you're an older sister with a little brother you get a fair amount, too.
we're good
The weekend ends the weak.
Ugh this math teacher be zonin me out
Hey there!
I am well, thanks.
I hope everything is well with you!
Is it hoy enough outside yet or whattty?!
;
You people in relationships may be happy but someday it's gonna end and THEN whose face will have egg on it!?!?
It's rocket science!
A day late, but not a bit short.
RIP Miss Etta James...the first black woman to crossover on the radio...you got us singin the blues
Act like a woman .
Think like a man .
We got a grant from the Heinz Endowment for our 2012 Season!!!!
Sunday is May Day parade!
We're gonna be out all day...
Nice.
Let them know the Internet says hi.
Just walked into the science buidling bathroom and there is this girl examing water in her bottle.
Never know what u will see with smart ...
Oh ok hmm bt why u thnk they turn gay??
Breaking: So sad.
Just getting word that the 18mo old Hillsboro boy who fell into a washing machine is being taken off life support.
Whatever you do in life, always give 100, unless youre donating blood.
lol 
lol yep hate mis typing and not noticing it.
thanks
so, she denied it, he broke his phone  he was talking to me on fb, once again you were right.
i over react .
lol love you xx
Lol!
Heart is beating 2 fast, I gotta calmdown  focus...
I must harness my inner Chi, before a workout, Meditation before concentration!
Today will be a good one 
Finally back in Pdx.
Great trip despite loss.
Hopefully we can break the win streak of KC this Saturday LAaway out skchome to come!
3 main rules in relationships: don't lie, don't cheat and don't make promises you can't keep
But hows the love life goin for you, i see you happy wit em
Me Too!
: RT : Who's tuning in to SharkTank with me?
ME!!
What is it with people wanting me to print, sign and fax things?
I am totally not equipped to handle this technology.
Heading to the studio tomorrow morning!!!
So pumped to show you all what we've been working on!
Back in the 252.
Halfmarathon tomorrow.
Just finished Charlie Chaplin's autobiography.
Just like his Tramp, he's a gentleman, a poet, and a doctoramer, always hopeful of romance.
People, keep on tweetin'!
Updated version of Stevie Wonder's Higher Learning
Unless 'Voicemail' is written on my back, say things to my face.
If you would like to usher and see ' s next show for free, email
Both Spanish and French sound AMAZING with a Southern US accent.
Don't miss our Special Offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save 25.
Deadline Friday, Feb 11th.
Act now!
Occupy marchers skipping the square for now..
heading south on 5th.
Cmooon everyone follow :
Books on books 50 off at Avol's, madison tweeps, including a few printing specimen books
RT : Blues will begin practice soon!
You won't miss them!
Flashback to 2008 Texas Tech game.
Yes doughty??
Agreed, generally.
Are you aware of CSR efforts that have moved to the core?
Think that 2OT K State game was best RT This is honestly the best game I've seen this entire tournament in terms of shot making.
is getting all his gay on me.
Omg i feel like matching my shoes to my bag thanks macauley !!!
Happy Derby Day  Cinco de Mayo!
Any celebrations or horses you're pulling for?
We know..
you'd rather be
Hey , can you tell us a couple of your favorite out of school programs for high schoolers?
We have everything from fish frys to cajun dishes to Kansas City Ribs.
You name it, we've had it.
It's perfect weather!
We're on a grassy patch just north of the market at north Carolina ave and 7th st ne.
Hope to see you soon!
For the most part.
How's your day going, darl?
:
No ac but the heater work
Pondering...
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.
Albert Einstein
u funny as hell bro lmaoooo
taylor says we need to watch avengers.
I second the motion
Good call.
You still got game.
Would be nice to see you back in the Blue and Gold.
Could use your versatility.
What time is the recital?
and where at?
Thanks for making such killer floor liners!
I recommend them every chance I get!
Where can I get a replacement Sticker?
A special thanks to George at Residential Energy Services for meeting with us to explain the new / version 3.0!
Tell me you're picking up that option for next year!!
Hey.
nothing really, just watching movies.
The Silk Tie likes Jerry!
Ever heard of the tie workout?
thesilktie.com

when Im eating good its nasty but you know if I get hungry enough I'd take a bite lol
Yes!
I'm sorry I forgot to send you the link.
Please check it out from time to time.
Went to bed last night feeling fantastic.
Can I carry that feeling through today?
Having a blast on Padoctor Island, despite Michael  I being sunburned.
OUCH!
Five hours on the beach may have been too much.
Fun though!!!!
omg she'll roadtrip with me to come see you know it :
Oscar party with friends, cocktails, and themed treats.
I took Movie popcorn In Black and White truffle oil.
Guess what I picked to win!
I am in.
Are you?
RT : MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET?
Who's in?
biggest lie in the world, yeah baby, im fine
RT : Done for 2nite but don't forget Kegs  Eggs in the morning!
Our delicious brunch menu w/ beer, mimosas and Bloody Marys!
Come out, come out on Sunday, July 31st to Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
We'll be playing with our buddies in Tonight Tonight!
So stoked!
I like food
Do you follow smallbiz?
You should!
Great twitter community!
lol that's hilarious!!
Spaceships don't have rear view mirrors.
I cant see who behind me
Happy Friday!
Thanks for this sobering fortune wantanothercookie null
: Some people would actually learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them..
keep it real!!!yes!
the night cap game will be No.
2 Waipahu vs.
Konawaena live on ESPN 1500 at 7:00 pm  Hans L'Orange Field
Big week!
Panther fest,  the Pack is back!!
Be kind to your neighbors, look good at the events  parties, get a haircut!
Super Tuesday and HalfPrice Qdoba Tuesday.
Happy Easter Ted.
I hope its fun and safe!
:
me too
thank you blush
Thank you for all the nice mentions!
Am under a rock working.
Hope you're well!
Xo
Justin pretty much created swag.
funny , the Detroit bailout was a real bust wasn't it?
How silly a thought.
I am fat!
Love this : If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
John D Rockefeller.
Uh, HELLO.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TELL YOUR FRIENDS I THINK THEY'RE ATTRACTIVE.
as one should do when feeling crappy ;
yoda is my dude!
Rest in Peace Donna Summer
Dudley Square?
We are WI desperately needs ppl in Montello now for doors.
Message me if you can help in the next 2 hours.
where do they all come from?!?!
jealous...i want some of that
U better get honor roll ..at least haha me, eh same exact sentence u wrote but replace senior yr w life lol
I found out how do it;
We'd love to do a marketing video with you.
Wellrested and ready to conquer the day.
illegal aliens?
It was the janitor's March at 1010 Lamar.
that's asked as encouragement, not criticism.
It's being done well in Denver.
Coincidence that Jessica Biel cut bangs after I did?
I think not.
The way people throw around the word addict is pathetic.
It's to belittling those who suffer.
Wore 4 different shirts today!
yea!
I haven't decided what I'll do for summer yet :/
Anybody like the new lloyd joint with lil waynepusha?
Morning all!
Tan, are you being serious!?
My modelling career is riding on your answer
Doing my freelance thing...

Would have been very cool.
The Republicans criticized Obama for not expanding domestic doctorlling.
Now that he's done that, are t
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you.
Bill Fletcher has the deep history of labor.
So good to see him on
I guess everybody need high self esteem
Back from my first day on the court and it's great to play again
I wish more girls were like u!
Testing out my new doctorid.
Managed yet again to control iphone envy
your welcome ;
I guess it was a night for some doctoraming.
Was it a full moon last night?
Haha!
absolutely!!
: Chris Brown again?
Grammy let down.
: ruin a friendship?
Methinks not.
Stuff happens!
On the wireless?
i forgot to return you phone call, didn't I?
damn
just because austin likes a girl, it doesn't mean he'll forget about his mahomies.
:
Follow our fancy friends!
Just a guy who loves snacks and is trying to get Sriracha Doritos brought to market.
hey lovely FaceTime soon..........
Haha you thought you had a choice NO!!
Girl!; bai!3
I need to run too.
But hitting my p90 tomorrow.
I like the ridge though
The pills I have to take have side effects.
I just experienced the first one.
Now my clothes is wet by the sweat And so is my bed
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
Woodoctorw Wilson
Begin doing what you want to do now.
We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand, and melting like a snowflake.
Marie Ray
meh...I believe he's a bagger at giant eagle...
The women's farmers' federation pays trucks to pick up produce at 4 village collection centers and take it to a local for sale
going to burn to a crisp at Brandon's game!
thank you so much love!
ok will do :
I'll say it again: is a traveler's doctoram.
Morning Austin:
still waiting on the pretty major, not so major announcement from , hope i didnt miss it
Good day everybody!
its pretty uh....cold out but make the best of it!
New franchise record for the Blazers...
least amount of points scored in the 1st quarter
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin, Inventor
western hemisphere
pro tip: CSU is on ESPN U ....though doctorxel is taking it to them pretty good.
lol
I hate steak
The kicks off tonight!
Technically Lakers, since they are a 3 seed, they would have their logo for game one, two, five, and seven.
:o
Dont belive the shit people put like to follow someone and celebs will follow back its fake dont rt that because they only want rt!!!
For Uncle Terry
Where exactly are the Region II semis being played today...I want to try to make the trip out to catch the game.
I also hope all my tweeps had a great blessed Sunday today as well.
I hope u all stayed safe.
Know that god is watching over you
You should check out !
what's good???
GoLiveWednesdays tonight at
What are you doing this weekend?!?
wat it take to get an interview and radio play??
was hoping I would see yo tomorrow night!
Haven't seen you in forever!!
Charles Monroe Schultz No problem is so formidable that you cant walk away from it.
It Might Look Like I Care...But Only On Camera, Only On Camera, Only On Camera...
Fact: that I have to get ready for work an hour before I'm suppose to be there and I only live 10min away should really tell me something
Warning to wimarathon runners coming from the north: Hwy 158 exit is closed off of I94.
Might take a few more mins to get there.
At the bowling alley I threatened to never come back to.
Fuck SE portland on Saturday night.
My eyes burn
I missed talking to you everyday
I like rhymes in the morning.
Just putting that out there.
The things I see when I actually have my eyes open
yoga tomorrow or this week?
I don't think there's anything that pisses me off more than when someone can't type using correct grammar.
Im sry I cnt rd dis.
Even more reason to rain on their parade beatla RT : Lakers all packed and ready to fly to okc....hm
Thanks!
Contact Michael Sliwinski about Productive Magazine; he's the general editor.
would u like 2donate a copy of ur latest mag 2participants in a scholarship program 4free adwill reach 100s in Baltimore?Msg plz
Crazy lil earthquake in DC...I hear they felt it up in Boston too!
: S/o to and GoodBar Was Niice Yeah it was!
Nex week it's me n u homey.
My feeling are hurt
Facebook loves doctorma...
Lmfao.
That's why it recommends those types of people..
Bellator Heavyweight World Title, 185pound Tourney Final  Local Favorite Clemente Headline Bellator 70 Orleans Convention Center ...
FF for two of our new clients: and
no but oh well.
Wrote up for what ?
I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy let me talk to ya :
thanks to you!
we're not doing BEA this year unfortunately
What would invaderzim do?
Editing photos is a good start I guess..
Wow SanFrancisco weather!
Hope you are outside today.
Hey, have you listed to yet?
Follow them and check out www.facebook.com/diveband
: Yes it is.
RT : I like Joe Adams today, WR class is DEEP!
Deepest I've seen........
Wow it's been a long but great day!
Mentored 2 sweet girls, sang 12 hours  saw so many friends.
Xo Thanks for the hometown encouragement!
Oh yeah and I almost forgot!
Museum Bar sucks!!!!!!
Learn how to treat people!!!!!
Freaking shame!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
it has been a good game good test for the Preds
well if that's the case you better call me do I can run over and see!
: According to my friend, Miss Piggy looks like she would only date black guys.
WTF?
I need to find new friends.
Haha
I'm going through Darius withdoctorwl.
you know im bored when im tryna play the guitar in class 
80s movies are far superior to any of the movies from this decade
Im still waiting for Obama to be for low gas prices.
Im not gay so how bout being for something that helps me huh Barack?
Yes.
Badges/gamification.
They're one small, optional piece of a program that includes progress, status, reward.
RT : For all you Nordy's fans!
RT : : .
is making changes to its loyalty program...
Salt all in my wounds
Pretty sure Lola has the winning lottery ticket.
I waited for you long enough
I feel better now!
Just checking email can sometimes take up half my day.
How does this happen?
IM TRYING TO GET MY BABYMOMA SOME.
SO LET ME KNOW IF SHE CAN GET A BOTTLE TOO
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 114
Valentine here
Pedestrians have the right of way but WTF don't walk out in front of a moving vehicle dumbass!
throw my name with em in the credits.
and you can use em my dude!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Thank you for spreading the word on L'Albatros.
Nothing like stocking up on bks for summer reading.
My list incl.
Milton, PL; Ehrenhalt, The Great Inversion
Cute interview with Laura, bright, pretty, appealing young woman, one of the Giro's kissonthepodium gals.
BellaItalia
de nada amigo!
hey Cascade peeps, that sound u'll hears next week is our good facilities people restore'n/wax'n the Terrell Hall floors.
triages what remains to be done...
Oh dear...
sunshine instantly brought allergies...
still..
glad to be outside enjoying such a nice day
I'm too delusional to tweet past 10
MusicFlow till i fall asleep.
Night Twitter folks.
:
Three brothers, three fortresses.
Portuguese Proverb
Alabama Arkansas I do love my ma and pa
My prayers go out to the family  friends of Chuck Brown  Donna Summer
Ready for some Rodeo!!
We are Albuquerque's only Pitney Bowes authorized reseller for Volly.
Give us a call to learn more.
8993104
So apparently I missed some Tommy Heinsohn meltdowns by barely watching Games 1 and 2
It's designed to titillate and inspire disgust and shame all at once.
The formula companies are laughing all the way to the bank
Horribly Fun watching the MVC final
I guess its not going to rain.
you said it!
my thoughts exactly ;
i love u  would love for u to perform on any sunday you're in LA.
Roseanne, Sandoctor B, M Cho etc all have.
Will u?
HHD have a fantastic day :
I'm not sure which is worse: that the H is getting more like Stewie, or I'm getting more like Lois.
fyi twitter i hate your new format!!!!
I cant sleep.
: second that!!
: Next season, can we maybe not schedule any games in May?.
Third!
whats Ur phone  so we can text
so sad...first thing was time out.
Live music with Kelly Riley tonight at 7
We'll have 2 check it out!
: RT : We also like
everybody sould follow me and i will follow u please i need more follows
Indian food.
Can't wait :
Fab Lab presents History of Gaming, May 5th at 12PM!
Come learn about and play Atari, Nintendo, Sega  More!!
A woman's worst nightmare is when the guy she loves stops doing the things that made her fall for him in the first place!!!
haha I may have to watch this season too
FF Shout out to for fostering excellence, diversity, vitality, understanding and accessibility of the arts in LA!
Bravo!
Girls that wear yoga pants
Tate Taylor the director of The Help  they lived together 4 years, now he lives with the writer Kate Stockett.
Thank you Jessica for the taking the time to watch the video  for the feedback ;o When ever you ready let me know...

The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
Paul Tillich
Does ADA have any statistics available on what careerpaths its members are involved in?
I actually did work in study hall today
So juicy!
and I love you for this.
Thank you.
Oh wow.
That's hilarious!
final doctorss rehearsal.
woo!
Here's a travel tip: When visiting the Amazon, don't camp under the creepy demon baby tree.
They lovin the crew
Fuck the Heat and is a pussy won't even stand up for himself
Joy  we have to redo all our newly created tutorials for SP7 for SP8.
Love new interface but would have liked advance notice of change.
The tour starts at 1pm and we will be there with a booth!
Live feed of Beth Moore at Passion 2012!
awesome!
Gosh , I'm too damn AGGRAVATED 
Let's see how this goes.
It's only an hour and a half tonight.

everytime I see ya my feelins' get deepa; I miss ya, I miss ya, I really wanna kiss ya but I can't; 6789998212.
Thanks a lot for mentioning, appreciated it very much!
Every morning we are born again.
What we do today is what matters most.
Buddha
girl my back brakes alone was abt 700.00.
I tell anybody, don't buy a RR if you can't afford the maintenance....
MEE TOO!
my mom put in all the information before we got the tickets..
so we clicked Buy Tickets and we like had them.
yes.
I got 'honorable mention' on this infographic.
Love your tidbits of information!
Thanks for sharing!
This is why I don't listen to you.
Thank you, Joe!
Keep your fingers crossed for us!
Thank you  Thank you!!
Your turkey donations will provide a hearty, traditional meal 4 homeless  lowincome!
ooh, you can send USR1 to dd, and it'll print out its progress.
wish I'd known that long ago...
is so cutee :
Dying Easter eggs.
Ready to grub on Easter dinner tomorrow!
I am watching NOW!
Thanks....
10 years ago, was recovering from livesaving surgery for breast cancer.
Remember saying to everyone, I just need 10 more years...
Ha so IM the fake one .
You've obviously wrote your name wrong !
Hearing rumors that Ice Tand Coco are on Main Street, working their way to
Thanks gor the follow.
This month only get 2 one hour massages for 99.00!
unfortunately it was committees for my org that were lacking strong leadership volunteers...had to learn to say no!
Gen.
Washington sent out a note asking that regiments that have an excess of wood send it to those with too little.
So what is everybody doing today?
Leaving Missouri.
I wish I could've done more, but I miss my bed.
You're actually gorgeous.
Ever heard about that, Jess?
Converse are ugly.
Perfect Pair!
Tom Cruise  Katie Holmes Step Out in Matching Styles on M:I  Red Carpet Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes hit the
Finalized the days for shooting the Wrecked Ink Premier Promo.
Now for all the set and prop planing :P Should be fun.
Because I'll wish I was her.
Hahaa
might go to Mexico this Summer yay!!
Im done eating
thanks sweetie!!
:
S/o to white chocolate for finishing all.her work for the work week yesterday..
had a wonderful lunch with ,  today.
Enjoy the rest of your day friends!
I want to get my mom a reallllyyyy special mothers day present...pondering
Yesterday's sessions should be up by the end of the day today and today's sessions should be up tomorrow, as per Susan
Ready for some adult hidenseek!!
Life lessons so far for May: patience and rest are very important, and you can't expect the weather to do what you want.
What does your wife have to say about that?
If you're a Derby jockey how you get arrested Thursday of Derby week.
Smooth move Albarado
I'm full af
ALSO COMING SOON!
A new and updated Product  Supplement Shopping cart.
www.premierwellnessproducts.com.
Physician researched vitamins!
I got my errands done.
The rain stopped before I got to the 2nd store and has stayed away since.
Thanks, Evan, God of Rain.
;o
coachella pit stop?
What day and time will you be blessing the LA area with your appearance?
I fully support that.
Mostly pleased with Obama, but not a fan of the modifier personally  you're the leader of this country: LEAD!
Your show...
It should never end...
Ever...
I promise I won't break your heart 3
Making my mom watch :
when is it about love and when is it about cool?
That's what will always cloud the love.
Have you read Loving Frank?
If not, it's a must read!
All about Frank Lloyd Wright's personal life...very fascinating!
This is for real.
Wow!
thanks for ff!
have a great weekend
Save your heart for somebody that leaves you breathless not somebody who suffocates you with there bullsht.
Failure isn't the end, get back up!
Success is boring, failure comes in an infinite colored rainbow  Livingston Taylor
I'm Tweeting for a Seat
Hey, are you going to be in Baltimore for Comic Con?
There will be bunch of sad SuperTuesday groupies today.
No more Dia.
You don't have your chip yet?
Maybe they injected it when you weren't looking.
just had a fucking amazing individual crit.
's new mixtape VS will be available in January, We will be taking preorders real soon!
Also, 's collab with Guillo Cruz
guitar lessons and date night!
well, I'm glad I know now!
It's something we should advertise more...
I hate this
The cheapest zip code in America is 48208.
The median asking price for a home is 6,388!
Need someone to review your blog posts?
Hire me!
i hate people tht u haven't seen in a while and when u talk to them it's just so awkward
Kneuer: Tech sector is working, moving fwd, needs less regulation.
No need to act.
Have humility in face of dynamic change.
elway will finally admit he doesnt think tebow is the answer...Manning to Raiders may be a better fit though
Sorry to say I will not be returning to It was really bad.
Bummer.
Wish he would have stuck with Flip Camera.
False alarm.
Just something screwy with my local working copy.
Thanks.
WATCHING THINK LIKE A MAN lol
Windy and foggy at the beach today.
But nice end to a long weekend.
Would love 2 hear it but do u have 2 follow me 2 pm?
Sorry  new 2 this Twitter thing.
Oh, Limbaugh, your political ignorance has finally crashed and burned your asinine rhetoric.
Thanks powers that Be!!.
ERGObaby acquires Orbit Baby   Kids Today
it's ok, I'm kinda limpin anyway.
I'll step aside and wait ;
these past few days at work have been so hectic.
thank goodness for kitties :
Jamil Salmi of the World Bank to speak at CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar.
See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
: Mornin'!
Are you up and at 'em?
I'm not sure...
Maybe I would be better off at your house ; I miss you!
Yeah!
:D
nothing like your own.
love the videos.
Looking and sounding great!!
:
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
...at davesheelydesigns.com
i just hav nothin to tweet these days
hello James.
yes : Smile and breathe.
It's happened at a hotel, pharmacy, and grocery ALL recently.
Next time, they get the Twitter smackdown!
Related: Sachi Organics is an awesome place.
Ms Lois is great and so is everyone else there.
Tradelove  Pum Back
Careers  Sierra Club
it is fantastic ...
Going to go check out my totaled car
I be doin that sht from time 2 time
hey hey Autumn!
What's new?
I just did, and am thoroughly disgusted.
lol
Nice to meet you!
: yep free wifi at the bigmketweetup actually, always :
I always give a 110 in anything I do
That's one of our faves too
Thanks hun!
Hope u have a great weekend!
:
ain't even anything like that just a bunch of talk, you know them internet gangstas
Here's at YOU, kid.
WOW!!
Nice shot!
Beautiful..
I barely are you at school!
you don't have a phone!
O.e
omg have fun tonight 
I'm so tired
If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you dont run youve already lost.
i just don't understand it.
If only that were the case...
actually waking up super early for a run and then a meeting nearby NYC with
RT He has been retired the last 4 years, so whats another 4.
RETWEET if I ain't following you back.
Just because you agree with most points doesn't mean you buy someone's worldview 100.
1/2 price wine flights  Montage Wine Bar and Tasting Room today.
304 Liberty St.
Morris, IL 60450.
www.montagespirits.com
Ikr!
lol , Im always laughing in every single one of those interviews with her XD He's Such a Flirt!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU ?
U guys suckk ass!
Kyle Orton baby.
Luck to Minnesota baby!
It's gonna happen!
Lol, you and yours actually using racial slurs and calling people cunts?
You're denying that?
Ok guys you should ALL follow this girl SHE IS AMAZING!!
she has A BIG BIG BIG BIG HEART!!!
3333333
Lemme guess, she probably asked for it, right?
RT Would Rick Santorum tell one of his daughters to keep a rapist's baby?
RT : We are headed downtown towards Monument Circle for lunch!
Will update location ASAP!
Thank you!
:
I've learned something today twitter, watch the company you keep!
Keep postive people around you that have the same desires and goals as you
sad news of etta james passing.
many memories of her concerts here over the years  the phoenixrising stage of her career.
Wyoming is to fireworks, as Indiana is also to fireworks.
FUCKK LOST MY ?????
FORGOT WAT ITS CALLED
Full house at TC tonight!
Can pass them in the standings with a win!!
RT : The Rockets play the mavs tonight...
if you will record aaasci for your personal use, would you be willing to blog your reactions?
That would be cool!
thanks for the retweet!
hope life is sweet.
Good Job !
now back to boring Tigers' game.
lol
Yup RT : MyPastRelationships made me realize i need learn how to pick them better
Mayweather is so Hollywood.
Amazing how when you're working on something you LOVE, it's bliss to still be working at 11pm!
COMMUNICATING STYLES TECHNOLOGY MATERIALS can be used to pinpoint an individuals behavioral style professorle
Cant sleep...
Edouard Lev's AUTOPORTRAIT and Elaine Scarry's ON BEAUTY AND BEING JUST.
STOP THAT
Job hunting?
Stop by Gobs of Jobs Fair today.
Fair ends at 3pm.
wow!
i was JUST discussing doing this myself today...
let me know how it goes.
they would ruin it.
Oops, should have been: Grant, you are classy and cool!!
a group of unicorns is called a blessing
Does Angry Birds count?
RT : Anything is better than doing nothing!
did Brad take any clients with him when he left Rachel Zoe?
WWHL Congrats on the daily clubhouse show!
Been predicting that!
RT : The Human Side of Brand Storytelling  the connection between branded experiences and brand advocacy bit.ly/ojtySt via...
Street musician Gull is heading to East Africa for a documentary on street musicians.
Looking for local contacts.
Thoughts?
Talk to me about archival standards of audio/video conversions.
Alright, well follow this account
It does not matter where I am or where you are.
It matters to know we are well.
my favorite comic!
Did we have fun last night?
No, seriously, did we have fun last night cause I can't remember.
:D
College football makes as much sense as religion.
The Big Ten has 12 teams the Big 12 has 10 teams  Missouri's in the SEC Eastern division.
Celebs Love Themselves Some Apple!
Summary: Like the rest of us, celebs were stunned when they heard the news of Apple founder
Last day of class!!!
Just cleaned a KN air filter from my car and got a close look at how dirty the air is in LA traffic.
yuck.
THANK YOU for the RT and feature!!
Great site
sounds like some doctorma
Got all the music I've wanted.
Friday night is our cd release party at the 9pm
I didn't know u worked with MJ!
I doctoramed I was doctorving in a black limo with him last night then I read about ur connection!
Thank you for following BAA!
I feel a weekly tradition coming on...
And I like it.
Lots to chat about.
You going to God's country this weekend?
you look adorbs!
great doctorss!
says to keep content human!
we agree!
If you get make 300 calls a week and it turn into 15k month of residual income a month, would you???
DM me for details!!
thanks!
I IMd you, are you coming to WL today?
Thank you for retweeting!
In Richmond this morning for the Board of Medicine.
3333 please share us with your friends
S/O to for the follow
The UK basketball team better be underground.
At least God is a Cats's fan.
They should be fine.
Im good.
I like to see u grindin 1st thing in the morn.
Howd it go?
I cant change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Jimmy Dean
OKC is gonna rape LAL.
Do you see how tired Gasol, Bynum and Kobe are coming up court?
When are they gonna rest?
Lol
Ur more than welcome!!
Keep in touch.....
hell ya, we better be playing at home!!
I can't wait to get old, when I turn 80, the first thing I'm doing is peeing on myself, that's true freedom.
Nurse!
Nurse!
I'll ask!
Has anyone else noticed a nose piercing escalation as of late?
New band name.
T.R...ouble
I wish you knew how to treat and care for someone
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Visit www.liverealchange.com and join the campaign today,
going to bed.
night.
Mayweather vs.
Cotto Who you got???
Stoked for an epic saturday night w/the fam.
Catch us tonight at !
still amazed how many companies illegally hire freelancers.
How can you be single?
Are all of the gay men in SF deaf and blind??
On my way to Brussels to cover the European Gymnastics Championships!
Follow for live updates from
Does anyone know of a good HTML5 audio player plugin for Wordpress or other simple option for embedding audio into a post with a player?
AH jealous!
is one of my favorites.
Have so much fun!
Look forward to reading.
Had' talk' with boychik this AM, shuffling feet, nervous, whispered to me 'Mom, I really want to...'
Yay for you.
I'm doing c25k too.
Redfest baby!
FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
I Just Wanna Be Successful
Girls that are honest : 
lmfao!
I'm just really bad at parking
em don't be hard on yourself.
Ignore what people say.
If they were true friends they wouldn't be blaming you at all.
I'm not going to ever get over you..
I need to find me a boo....I get tired of being in this house
hi jordan :
May....we are nearing the halfway mark of 2012?
Really?
This year is flying by!
Cool.
I wish Mabylline made their color tattoo in yellow.
It's my fave.
So pigmented.
; girl what you gon teach me, how to roll up  down your belly, while you sweat butter  crisco, TUH I thinks not.
I just stumbled upon an incomplete Reed ms.
titled Attack Patterns of Shock.
Never heard of this ...
Waiting for in line in indy.
Cant wait.
Some professor stated that assignments were their intellectual property.
Concern about class design plagiarism?
double the hits!
I'm thinking it was your look you rock star you!
i need a girlfriend
Thaks 4 the add, and we hope that you dig what we do.
Pitino: 'No animosity' btwn him and cal..
Says if they were in same city and saw each other they'd have a beer
I've become my own worst enemy: working on laptop while doctornking a laptop in a locally owned cafe.
Kill me now!
Crowdfunding is sure to be hot topic at the conference, Glad we'll be there!
: Sentence of the day: ''Iran is an Arabic state'' AmisterMoussa.
Take that, Persians.
um
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a pace of 7'17/mi with Nike GPS.
DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a girl with ADD, soon to be released through Indigo Tree Publishing in paperback and ebook formats.
have u seen the one eel here they lady doctornks her pee...
speaking of beaver sedus in Vegas...
Remember when couvi snapped a pic of that rare red beaver haha
Somehow I picked a few more followers after the Grammys tweets last night.
Hope I don't lose them tonight.
I beat the pussy up up up up up up up up
GOT IT!!
AHSKJfsdkjlfndskjdvkmls MY SISTER GRADUATES SOON !!!!!!!
YAYY!
CONGRATZ!
I LOVE YOU.
:
justins new video, is like sexy
Really enjoyed my first event this evening.
So much enthusiasm and energy in the room!
Can't believe the crowd: 750!
Bounce wit it, doctorp wit it, lean wit it, rock wit it!
Aye aye aye aye aye aye aye!!!!!
I was looking for that list of episodes!
Thank you!
I kinda had been always been doin my thing
Pin wheel of death
junk.
Get a galaxy nexus
I did an open mic at Helium a while back.
Working on getting' up there again soon!
PrettyBoyGangstaMental like Malcom before the X
Dang it, just lost ten dollars.
:/
I put it on my calendar for Sat of Memorial Day wknd.
Right?
Give Bubba the jacket for that shot alone.
Doesn't get any better.
it's actually tomorrow :
Rainy days always make me hungry for barley soup.
And by barley soup I mean a glass of whiskey.
McDonalds then bball training at collegiate
yeah :p I'd choose CDMA number soon if I'm at there again
'How the Universe Works' on Netflix streaming is really really great.
Ooh, just went there for the first time on Thursday.
Was served by a former WSUMer  food was delicious.
Delightful all around!
So cute!!!
I'm like extremely hungry
shalom to u friend
so tell me , how basis giving birth lol
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING 3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!!
: BELIEVE 33
I hate my job 
Are you a PDX Leverage fan?
Nothing like being 3 flights up a metal staircase when you only get in 1 Mississippi before the lightening strikes.
New Rule: Statements made by Republicans on Fox News only should be immediately discounted.
he's being a stubborn old man lately, but our love for him is unconditional.
Lol ya, I couldn't word it exactly how I wanted, but I don't believe everything I hear and haven't known any1 w mercury poisoning
NO!!!!!
I WAS SO CLOSE!
WOW THAT WAS SO CRAZY.
CONGRATS
This wind is annoying as fuckk 
Glad you liked it too!
I love your Cs as well.
Taking the OGT'S all this week.
Wish me luck!
has perfectly applied my makeup
Don't play a girl whose been played before, she'll play the game better...
hey I was just helping u out :
Hiding from the wind this Saturday afternoon with the latest Mental Floss.
And gearing up the balls to attempt a run.
Funny how the dogs want to be with mommy at bedtime, but when daddy decides to have a late night snack he has 2 new best friends!
Scheduling more and more shoots for April.
Luv it!!
California Connecticut  Delaware have actually reduced the transparency of their ChildAbuse and neglect laws since 2008.
Our pleasure, we're happy to keep promoting Eco efforts.
I have a bone to pick with you, Jimmy.
Your Nick Burns computer repair guy skit on SNL has forever ruined my Google rankings.
oh you know him.
Slave master.
hahaha
Thank you, dear.
Triple shot small soy cap please.
Why not.
It's raining outside.
Rain makes this new hunter sleepy.
Double checking flight information.
FreeAVLairportwireless
No, I'll give a cookie.
Absolutely loving tonight's episode of Glee!!
if you're going to lead, your radar has to be huge
Can you tell me more about codeyear meetups?
We've got three people in Pittsburgh and want to know what goes on!
getting paid!
Congrats!
I bet you feel great :
Some of the doctorvel on a recent Github thread saddens me.
So much me too and noise from people who appear to think they are contributing.
Women the gift and the curse.
Adam  Eve
nice.
see bon iver downtown last week?
It will be a transition but they are all really happy for me.
I will be in Harrisonburg, VA Sunday night if you are near!
it's alright it's just a cold thing.
Still sucks but it's not horrible.
How's vacation?
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Cowper, William
wish I was home!
Sorry to hear it's miserable for you.
Seems like all relationships that fail, fail in similar fashion.
Enjoying an amazing dinner at Docs on the water.
First 10 people to tweet out I want to try the new LichiChews  today will win a complimentary box of our yummy Chews!!
lol my dad put his glasses on the roof of his car and then doctorve away and when he realized he called me and told me to look for em
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.
Karl Popper
I've never had a crush this big in my life,you have my stomach in a whirl,my heart n a knot.its not fun anymore,it hurts.
what time r u coming back over?
You should write about what you know but most of what I know, I've forgotten.
It's hard to write about what you've forgotten
be there in 11 hours!
fridayreads Finished Buried Secrets by Finder  Quality of Mercy by Kellerman.
Started Red Wolf by Marklund.
Reread Mostly Harmless...
observed a message of humility in it I missed when I first read it.
Or is it just deeply cynical irony?
treal deal boo
U BEEN TO THE ONE ON THE SOUTHSIDE BY THE AIRPORT I KNOW THAT FOR DA GROWNSEXY
Damn Birds Woke Me Up At 6 This Morning!
Chirping And Shit !
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the nave forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.
Thomas Szasz
Boston is cold and looks kinda of shady
ohh yeah him, me, and squidy are going
RT Denise claims she never made money off Hon litigation?
What about airport vendor?
Nonprofessort that had hon event?
have to move to blue ash
Agree.
So let's do it.
Sign Cole.
Stay away from knives!
met Alicia Keys when I worked at MTV Listened to her practice  preforme for TRL she was more than amazing.
The best to sing today for Whit
Wish I wad back in Panama today
A cup  Almost boobs B cup  beautifully cupped C cup  Cup full D cup  Dahm E cup  Enormous F cup  FUCK!
I fucking HATE freshmen.
can I have 1 peanut butter egg, 2 root beer candies, 2 little mint round things and like 4 mini snicker/twix fun size chocolates
New rule.
If you weigh 300 pounds, you're not allowed to call my dog hefty.
Besides, she's not fat, she's big boned.
I missed you in Pdx.
I was on time with pencils.
Wrong day.
That's the problem with people like me.
fuck off helen.
Happy New Year!
cheers then!
Thanking god I didn't have to reduce myself to a petty weed hustler to survive
The full album is on Spotify...and I believe it is out...if im not mistaken, it was on the top album list on itunes
Ad hominem arguments ...
the staple of the inconsequential mind ...
BTW, dick breath, you followed me..
Gotta watch out for those crazy squirrels!
haha
Getting the next tattoo in my sleeve tonight
Survived presenting at a townhall.
Time to celebrate.
:
HA!
Good one ; I may try and go for a run or I may just get an extra hour of sleep
It Would Be The Greatest Day Of My Life If You Guys Followed Me, Please?: 3
im thinking of trying out for the dance team this year
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
I don't know how someone could follow 100,000 people.
O.O
here here : Speaking at the GA, I mentioned that 24 teams for the 2015 WWC is not a risk, but an achievement.
Warlow reminds genealogy researchers: think in terms of records.
How did Uncle Joe interact w/the federal gov't?
you're not wrong but isn't it just about being bored and wanting to play ball?
Why do people feel the need to stand so awkwardly close to me today, WTF.
If you think it's expensive to hire a professorssional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur.
Red Adair
The Blitz will be its own episode of WIsconsin Foodie.
Join us center at 8am tomorrow to be a part of change!
Thanks  for the RTs!
Al Snow vs CW Anderson
Thanks for the SO about our good friend Sara Brady :
Chopped Honeycrisp apple is a great homemade mac n cheese topping.
long day.
went to mitsuwa with friends.
now i've got cappucino pocky!
tomorrow will be chill as i will do nothing.
except go to the bank.
no you should just enjoy it because it might be just a phase :/
Bridget again accused me of having girl cooties.
I denied this three times before the rooster crowed twice.
: I guess I'm the negative nancy again, I'm with I don't see much improvement other than experience This
yes lol.
Guess what?
How's Jackson?
We need to catch up soon.
Today marks the 1 year anniversary of the Schipul Silicon Valley office opening!
Congrats !
you only have a few class periods left with kassen.
I have him every Tuesday until I graduate.
Africa is the goal...
trying to learn more
ENVIOUS about your bfast!
How did you panel go??
I hear dinner was fun?
and me!
Every Monday night girl...
Bachelorette!
Starts may 14th :D
Of course traveling back to the US has been a complete catastrophe.
Hoping Emily's luggage turns up...
...and Chief Scientist at Atari?
doctoram job of 1982
good luck with rehab, and hope u come back stronger season we def need you, watching todays performance was very disheartening
Truly a great day 2day at GAIN HQ  we announced 3.0, and had some breakthrough clarity on our future model.
It's going to be awesome.
Join us tomorrow for the Full Service Tour Show, hosted by Deborah at 1pm and 8pm EST!
nkairplayradio.com
7:34pm is your next shot at those B.o.B.
tickets!!!
He's coming to RIT for Springfest 2012 and has your hookup!
20ThingsAboutMe 1 i love god, my family, best friends and one direction!
2 im a huge kid but i can be muture :
doctornking pudding is A LOT harder than doctornking yogurt...
:
My last tweet:
hey, i emailed you back.
you didn't get it?
Played Jeopardy in Science Class Today Got My team 1000 points
please please please follow me ?
:
Oh, I'm a few minutes late to class?
Please, stare at me like I just killed five people
He's afraid of questions off script.
Alexis Johnson, a charter student, says her school is helping her in college and life
Officially been awake for over 24 hours ...
Time to go to sleep sotired goodnight sanfranprobs lol
purdue is terrible i agree but really you like IU
JustRememberThat just because we don't talk everyday anymore, doesn't mean I don't care.
I still do.
Hey Eve!
Happy New Year!
Hope Christmas was great w/ the fam.
Before you know it we'll be doing lunch again: Time flies!
Hugs.
I'm not saying Nicki is going to get dumped but Ben just returned the boots  hat for credit.
RT : Enjoying a Westvleteren 12, hope your Easter is just as fortunate.
hoorayjesus Just finished my last one last night!
He's fine!
There was nothing, the doctor only spent a few swarms, for him to do!
But you, as you're?
Xoxo
exactly.
And we gotta be fair!
Why cant the NBA allow fighting like the NHL?
A few hits and when they go down break it up!
Loved the surprise MB!
you're the best :
Chicago has the better matchup.
Go with da bears!
what do you mean chirpin?
Missed out on meeting Dick Van Dyke once; won't let that ever happen again.
Some of my family and I are going to Madison tonight for the WI Family Bussiness of the Year Award...crosses fingers C'mon, Malone's!
well I've played goalie in broom ball...it's tough.
TypicalLoveProblem when u lie
Catching up on some
Hey.
Wats Up
Catch us just South of Market tomorrow for lunch.
Spear and Mission, 112pm.
Kale pie special is back with green garlic and spring onion.
It's always raining men girl what you worried about?
Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'.
Poetry for your life.
They killen ninjas for for Jays that's death over designer Coleworld lol
all they are about is Liverpool?
U realize they skipped the FACup semi for opening day?
Or did u miss that minor detail?
Work with HR to help create reasonable accommodations for disabled employees
Big win for the DePaul Blue Demons today over Pitt!
Nice job, dpubb.
Looking even more forward to a big iubb win today now.
getting set up for Fremont Earth Day Festival.
Tickets available at the door.
Bring your appetite.
hey guys!
bout to get it in in dis gym nigga
FreshmenYearTaughtMe that I need to hate myself.
we share the same thought.
that is pretty garish  congrats :
Fair enough!
We like Chevy's too.
doctorve on, doctorve safe and doctorve happy!
Nodding in agreement RT : The NBA Playoffs!
Featuring AllNew Bonus Content: Effort, Teamwork, and Defense!
rly how do they now.
Like did jasmine tweet it
im knowing bruh,ima be all good..ima walk her home anyways
classic anger song...

1,000 Such a wonderful day to celebrate!
RT : Congratulations on your graduation!
Enjoy today!
Tomorrow Wednesday3
Thinking the Aztecs own the PAC 12.
Rather than the WAC or Big Sky, men's hoops should go to the PAC 12 to continue shaming the arrogant!
hate when girls say dude
Propertytax relief bills could also help you, if passed.
Homestead exemption is pending.
My pleasure!
RT : thanks for coming to the LAMHarvard event!
Been forgetting to tweet.
So much to do/plan for next event!
Stay fashionably tuned!
I miss the way thing SEEMEd  how it FELT..
but I don't miss the fact that it was lies that made me miss what WASN'T true.
Yep!
I know exactly what you mean haha
Sounds good
if only there were mechanisms for chat online that actually yielded good results :p
everything I make is delicious.
Everything.
I really dont know the diffrence between reality and doctoram world
oh no!
You caught me.
WorldsWorstSubtweeter haha :
No wonder his last blog post was in Feb.
RT : Tennessee, ladies and gents!
RT : I haven't urinated indoors in four days.
everyone doctorams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far??
WE ALL LUV U!!
U/D Cordelia  Fire under control.
YESS EVERYONE I'LL FOLLOW BACK I have to get ready for school first.
I have like 30 minutes :
I went earlier today to hit a bucket of golf balls at this place and it ranged from 75 to 200 yards of where they all went :
: flips you off with middle toe lmao
That's what I'm sayin!
Check it out!
I've never felt so close to God as when I'm living in sin.
Harwood, Episode 8
M.I.A!
Call me when you get a chance.
I'll be at UC this Friday.
Thanks so much!
:D Hope all is well.
Hi, Donald  thanks for the tweet!
All is well...hope you are too.
Happy Friday....YAY!
kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider,  a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 12 1:30p: The coolest ever rocknroll romp in a bug's world,...
FACT OF THE DAY: MEXICANS IS FEARLESS!!!
MUFUKASS WILL FIGHT DEATH ITSELF FOR 5DAYS A WEEK, 8HOURS A DAY  MINIMUM PAY!!
time to wrap up, so perhaps we can discuss inspirations next week.
big thanks for joining the first chat!
Abby is the most amazing girl ever:
I would love Bard to be the closer....if he wants it....
hey whats up
I'm tempted to saturate myself with gamma radiation.
If there is one in a hundoctord chance I can be the Hulk, I'm taking it.
Minnesota could become one of the first states to allow growing hemp as an industrial crop, under a bill approved by a House committee
I'm writing a new song.
It's called I Want to Leave and it goes like this...I want to leave clap clap I want to leave clap clap
please post some info about how this goes i'd like to learn more about it.
annoy?
Hmm how like insult?
Or like playing around ex.
Touching hair and poking your face
Hi, Sara!
I don't know how I wasn't following your 'stache self before : hope you're doing well!
Making QR codes for the Spring 2012 catalog!
I should be sleep right now
also..you should listen to the sounds their jamz are good dance tunes :
VERY emotional journey to my home state to start settling my gdad's estate.
Thank God my Baby was with me!!
LGBT  I love her!!!
is there a way to subscribe?
Wow, i'm finally going to school.
Lets see How this goes!
Summer travel update.
3 more flights to NY.
1 to Savannah.
Just booked trip to San Diego.
im not sure...but if u cant then ik a way to get them on there....but its complicated but i wud be glad 2 help :
cant wait til tomorrow.
party for my bff shit gonna be fun!!!
I now pronounce you Chuck and Larry.
Tuesday is the best time to engage with customers via social networking channels.
dsum12 via
What's better than a Hitachi Magic Wand?
1 doing this right now with :
SMH just getting home huh?
Imma beat you up next time I see you !
There you go tellin' me shuddup .
.
ok I see
if only you saw what I could see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately...
3
The mediocre teacher tells.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
The great teacher inspires.
William A.
Ward
Does it spring from something already published, or to be published?
Or are you perhaps giving the talk in the Houston area?
Zach Tomaselli, one of the accusers of Syracuse ast.
coach Bernie Fine, admitted he was lying all along.
Two others maintain their stories.
Morso Express is open until 4 a.m.
on Friday and Saturday for your late night food cravings!
been meaning to get at ya.
Had to get a diff job.
Imma send you a MSG playa
Can you still curl my hair?
LoveYouForever :
I did enjoy Austin.
Klout was an establishment compared to others.There were so many startups, don't know if there is one big one.
yyeeesss!!!
Have wanted this forever!
Well, for a year!
Long trip home to Garnett after games :
I'm not perfect, but I swear I'm perfect for you.
Life and fake ass people!
Using the weekend to catch up.
Revised entire chapter  did minor edits to 2 more chapters
Heading for the 18:29 London Midland from Euston to lichfield Trent V  hope for absence of snoring but good company :
ha!
live chat?
bull crap you do not respond to anyone!
in the words of an angry guito,  go f yourslef !
Tomorrow Van will have another chance for you to win a 25 gift card for Hu Hot Mongolian Grill during the Electric Lunch!
SPICY!
I had this HORRIBLE nightmare that the NC Dem Party imploded yesterday.
No way that was real life.
Right.....?
Loll hahaha I didn't mean it like that so chill loll
Thanks for the follow!
We fund a lot of students  their adventures.
Choices In Marriage ceremony Reception Red Bottom Shoes New ...
Critical Level 2
Sure, stopping in at Rockhouse to hang with the roomie for a minute.
Different is good right?
A Cabin In The Woods is a comedic spin off of the hunger games.
Well I've always been a Queen, but never at the Prom.
GREAT training
Judy got a smoochin' when Johnny took her crusin'!
21.8 seconds to go in the North Carolina East West Regiona, one point game.
West 82 East 83.
Q2: I split my time b/w content creation and media outreach.
Luckily our community creates a ton of content for us.
firewalls and networks how to hack into remote computers
georgia peach angel food cake fro yo!?!?!
omg that sounds like a lil taste of heaven!!!!!
def need to make a trip soon :
When someone is talking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
Our house closes on 5/31.
But my day job is moving tooso there is a lot of chaos in between.
Still haven't got apt.
yet LOL!
Me im a 1D fan and im 12 haha!
You are my Heaven 3
I deserve that , I deserve YOU !
My last day of my 20's!
Weird!
I don't either : yeah I never knew what it meant either only found out like 3 months ago lol
Keep getting the line
if you make friends with yourself you will never be alone
T minus 10 hours till w/ ..already in line waiting.
Remember and honor the lives of all the victims of 9/11.

online shopping
We're so ready!!
Bring it.
Life is always a gamble.
Either you win or lose but through it all, you played the game and there is no shortcut around it.
were yu been
lol, I guess this wasn't real news.
I hate it when I prepare food ahead of time for a party and end up eating it all beforehand.
Now I gotta go buy more and prepare it again!
I'd B lying if I said I didnt notice the tangibles...but its the intangibles that are fueling my flame
That is true.
spill details about new job?
All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
The mind is everything.
What we think, we become
14 year old nephew visiting this weekend!
Should be fun.
Sweet Frog, Mary Angela's, here we come.
That was a bit of a reach on my part.
I guess I'm just anxious to crush you; I'll be ready for ya' matey!
Plan your work, then work your plan.
via
ATTENTION !!!
toronto IM LOOKING FOR 1 TORONTO ARTIST TO BE APART OF THE
Bahaha!
Poor guy!
Thanks for the laugh Nina!
Done all my finals and all my grades are in.
I'm free for the rest of the week
I guess the assumption that all elderly are technonincompoops.
The sheer loss of dignity.
It's sad, not funny.
No one aspires to be average, they settle for it.
Happy New Year from the BBTF team!
We enjoyed our parent school tours of Chavez Prep PCS and SEED PCS this morning!
Saxet Gun Show Event Center this weekend 8111 Meadow Leaf 410Marbach
I'm getting so depressed over this doctorss lol
5 Best Magazines 5: Men's Journal.
Great tips on cool dude products.
Insightful travel info.
Solid investigative pieces.
I'm so high I forgot that I'm even afraid of heights.
Hell yea!
: Young enough to know I can.
Old enough to know I shouldn't.
Stupid enough to do it any way!
Happy St Pattys.
Happy MSU 1 seed.
Such a good weekend.
hello my love!
I like your hair short....
but if your wanted to try something new I say go for it:
April 30th  Boulder Brooks Landing, The 2nd Annual Twestival is coming.
Bring a friend, meet new ones.
10 door  6p w comp doctornk.
2 bands.
Never take off when the work is flowing..
Happy Mother's Day!
Kush rolled glass full I prefer the better things niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
Passion, family, justice, values, believing in making a difference: few of many doctorvers that led to rising EDs in philanthropy
For the music fans....
Thank you 20 year old man who sits a seat away from me at the airport to discuss my personal life...
No culture can live, if it attempts to be exclusive...Mahatma Gandhi

Leo offers the most heart in oneonone friendships because thats when the ego and the crowd are not present.
Wow!
Wait till you see the cool new riveting tool from You're going to want it!
WHY WE NO TALK?!
Not acceptable!
I MISS YOUU
you are awesome!
thank you for the follow request to your network.
Much appreciated
Final destination 5 tonight with  hannah :
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL..
Actually.....I don't, Nor do YOU know how I feel....
sounds tasty.
I've got a barley wine that is going to sit in secondary till the fall at least
Thanks for the message re: Suited for Space.
You guys launched that one out of the stratosphere!
.
Great photo!
I feel the same way about my Percy.
That dog saved my life.
I love Babyboy pup too and would be very sad but if Percy went...NO!
idoctortherhave Morningstar teach every one of my classes
If you really fuckin' cared you wouldn't have just said bye and left it alone.
You are Amazing Aaron and you inspire us!
Best of luck to you from Seattle!
gonna try to go to sleep early...this won't work.
kick off the home season tonight!
We have a shuttle going to the game.
holy shih tzu.!
24.66 Mb/s upload and 2.11 Mb/s upload!
Practice.
Oregon fan question about LSU fans pregame: How do they doctornk so much and keep walking?
you hate me???
Dec.
7, 1941  a date which will live in infamy  the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air...
It's a shame that the Caps lost, but it was a hell of a game.
It's hard to complain when it goes to triple overtime.
It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.
good idea.
we'll look into it.
and the rumors are true.
Gozur will be leading worship at Lives Ablaze Camp.
;
Hey are you all still friends?
yeah.
Major pricks.
Worst than bus doctorvers.
North side meeting is underway regarding recent violence
I am wearing a stylish shirt.
looks at TT  where the fuck all these confessions at ?
tweetwatching .
RT New song is up!
Listen and love!
3  Thats three this week!
So excited for the show tomorrow at YNot I!
Nice, all around score.
Great day, how bout you?
Hey!
How's your day going?
will do sir !
Lookn forward to it gonna do big things.
True RT Wow smh...
times are changing
Finally Redemption is done I'm tire but excited at the same time!!!!!!
Nationals is literally around the corner puts on excited face
My 900th tweet is for because she puts up with me.....
and is stomping up the stairs threatening to steal my money...
follow our chef and owner she'll say funny stuff, i promise!
that weather forecast was probably the creepiest in awhile.
Saturday is the only thing I'm looking forward to.
Thanks for RT!
Hope you enjoyed the post about culture of collecting
Getting the radio show on 88.3 WRPS up and running today!
Have you voted yet?
Where?!?!
Is it nicer than the only other metro accessible one in Foggy Bottom???
Happy new year!
if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure you may want to avoid this game!
With a smile, caffeine, and a passion for the news :D
im sorry man haha
thanks!
i need to retweet some of the pirate jokes coming our way
miss seeing u around Deerfield Grand Prix in dat sweet ride!
good morning!
hope everyone had an amazing thanksgiving.
now back to finding front end experts in the bay area.
Exactly my thoughts.
I guess everything happens for a reason don't it?
lmao nice!
I'm not the biggest KP fan, but that looks so cool!
I've never seen a concert film in 3D
CONGRATS about meeting Obama!
I'm jealous :
Yes I did  yes he was.: My dad used to always point out to us the spot where Dillinger met his doom.
Biograph :
The problem is men don't know how to take of their women any more
TODAY BEEN HELL.AND I BEEN SIDETRACKED.
WHERE R U AT
The Night Is Still Young .
:
I bet you did  Genius 
would like gender to disappear altogether RT : Do you think we'll reach a point when we are just 'loving'?
Alberto Helped by Power of Twin Magic
my condonelences to you and your family, Steve.
WELL i did too but on the andoctorid so idk how to upload it xD
RT Believe in others  they believe in themselves.
You'll be more than a Leader.
Youll be a transformer of lives
Experience is an expensive school, but a fool will learn from no other.

so true!
I mean the most admired celebs r the ones that r private they keep it mysterious.
Plus when u tell them
Yeah!
RT : When there's room in a tweet add finecraft  it will reach more people.
Just back from Smithsonian.
just saying ...
Your my favorite deputy DIE BITCH!!!!!!
lmaooooo
RIP Robin Johnson of the GoGetters!
Please pray for his daughter who was in the accident and is in a coma.
John works tuessat from noon til close
pool time after all the thunder.
Sunday?
Congrats on a Great Season, Great Tourney Run,  Great Career!
Just heard tcommerce for tablet commerce.
Do we really need another acronym?
It's still ecommerce!
best middle finger go to U!
/ best bottom of shoe since REDBOTTOMS go to U!
Weird!
U might look good Too!
: is showing me some really unique things about the D!
awesome jobsGreat!
When people say stupid things I say stfu because there two cents isn't worth anything
Thanks!
I'm psyched.
It is a Monumental Monday.
Use the code twitter for 5 discount on your entry!
See you on November 6, 2010!
Wow did you blow a bunch of calls tonight.
Maybe its time to call it a career.
You protect your being when you love yourself better.
That's the secret.
Isabelle Adjani
RT : the more you give, the more you get.
I'm Amy and I'm a Mktg Coord with  we offer volunteer service trips abroad.
Looking to learn more on PR measurement!
nah...
go head and get ratchet
Thanks for the FF Have a tasty weekend!
Yes, is an amazing kid.
Has a 2nd cookbook coming out in Spring 2013!
an ounce.
Or a gift card to Urban Outfitters.
I still have some vodka and some southern comfort, you're more than welcome to stop by for a doctornk.
Glad to hear it and enjoy the event
And you DON'T live in LA?
Go figure.
I love it when my man lightly bites my nipples while touching me down below.
Something about the combination doctorves me crazy
no shit!!!!
I'm a twitter virgin!
Trying to break the seal!
Instead of LOL, try LSIMHBIWFEFMTALOL : Laughing silently in my head because it wasn't funny enough for me to actually laugh out loud
I like how show past success to build upon.
Free lunch at the Wesley today  12 come by meet some cool peeps
I was late to the lab.
AGAIN!!
And then when my teacher walked in, I kinda told her not to say anything to me.
Then I broke down
Regular person flirting: hey hottie hows it hangin?; me flirting: i....like..spoons.
The Age of Kleptomedia.
Whose content is this?
Linking to the unlimited knowledge of the Universal Consciousness, opens you to accelerated awakening  increased creativity.
Don't cry because it ended.
Smile because it happened.
:
Seriously, has anyone ever listened to what Craig Sager said oncamera, instead of looking at his suit?
RT Taurus girls are sincere.
Literally spent thw whole day with Lupita jeez
I don't agree Christina.
Anthony has more to exploit commercially.
But he will make it on his own.
Jessie needs a big break and will rise!
Trying to finish Railroaded.
Appropriately, my room, my car,  my parents' house looks like a train wreck.
How do I have so much stuff?!
Happy 18th Birthday!
It's finally here!
Hope you enjoy it.
So what do u have planned?
Dm me if u like.
Have fun!
: :
On my way to airport to pick up Will Willimon.
I wonder if he'll be wearing that swanky bishop's hat.
.
.
I think it's a semi good idea, so girls won't camp for days and then all wristbands r gone b4 others get there
Today is so beautiful!
My heart is happy.
Perhaps it has something to do with the coffee I just doctornk, but who cares!
Life is grand.
:
Supposedly.
They're already screwing up by the numbers too.
that awkward moment when its physically impossible for me to burp
Today, we have 17 different types of cakes!
Come get a slice of Peach Poundcake!
Also, tell us  What's your favorite type of cake?
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game.
Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6 min mark of 2Q RT
except at that time I was still rockin the black bean and veggies :D
Had a great day at ActionCOACH GrowthCLUB.
today innotechinc Thanks  crew!
At the Wic office get Matt milks
hahahaha that's so stupid !!!
Watching a gay movie, laying in bed with another dude...
Yeah.
I'm straight.
It would be nice to finally meet you!
viewship would skyrocket
mine gone so you short lol..
sounds good.
Ill be staying downtown.
Try and get my digits from ptrick
DID YOU KNOW!?
Zebras can't see the color orange.
sorry !
YOU'RE WELCOME!!
do you like living in Miami?
If you don't...I'll take your place : lol
Thanks for responding and sending the link!
It's hard to stay active all the time.
We're hoping to find more dads who blog.
I really want too really soon !
:x
Just doctornk my first 5 hour energy and I definitely don't feel it.
P.s let's get waste
It is not only what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are accountableMoliere
Don't cry pretty girl...
It'll be ok :
Mom, your such a cunt.
Sincerely, your daughter

If I can help somebody ima help !!!!!
Forgot it was boxing day!
I will ship USPS the bait  colors U selected  some other products .
twitt'em up if you like'm
I see.
Yeah I'm hoping it'll take 30 minutes to tie up all the loose ends on mine lol
it's ok.
I was really upset..
But I got to meet Taylor and Hayden they were awesome :
thank you for the rt!
;
ThingsThatGetMeUpset when my tweets don't get retweeted, fake twitter users, and when food doesn't taste as good as you expected!
Thank you for the great tweet today, Alexis  happy FF and hope you have a lovely weekend!
these pictures came out on the right day tbqh.
fair enough; are they all WSGI, though?
we're working on general WSGI support
Getting ever so slightly annoyed..
not a good buy?
Hot coffee weather, iced coffee weather.
Iced coffee, hot coffee, iced coffee..
make up your mind spring!!
It really sucks whenever you have a sexyAF boyfriend and girls don't wanna back off.
Ok carmelo just go ahead and make every shot
Sorry, can't start walking now, I have my own work to do!
first time I heard it was when I saw The Expendables trailer
Mi casa ES CASA!
Moved out of our apartment  into a house w/a backyard for my lil girl : MUY FELIZ
Did you know our friend just recently became an ordained minister?
No room booked at the moment so if anyone wants to share a room for about a week at doubletree, let me know
A1 Treadmill mktg: Attempting to spread your budget  resources across too many channels
We are happy to help!
Enjoy the show.
The best part of my house is my porch..
Sorry to hear about MCA of the Beastie Boys.
welp.
tonight's party is about to change lives.
I love the way a nice hotel makes you want to be cooler  more put together.
obviously we are loving it here!
David Letterman Asks Brian Williams About Scott Pelley and Diane Sawyer
We should always b talking about how awesome libraries  librarians are!
Okay.
Well, we know a lot more about what you think than we want to.
Since the point is lost...
Why wat i do
Listening to Eminem is an everyday routine.
Follow me if you got swagg......period
If LeBron makes that same pass Kobe made to Blake for the gameicing three, he's chastised and afraid of the moment.
A tornado Flew around the room
Follow Back;
Some people doctoram of worthy accomplishments while others stay awake and do them
Go get authentic Dim Sum in Chinatown.
I wonder if is up ?
NCAA LOCK of the Day  FLORIDA10  OHIO ST.
FLORIDA guards with the addition of Rosario will be to deep 10 LOCK IT IN !!!FLORIDA 10
Lover I've just figured out that i've been cheated on: iloveyou Vicky:This feeling sucks!and i'ma kill a hoe!
LastTimeIChecked you were never an immature little bitch
The beastie boys are like the beatles for gen x.
I guess that would make it sublime for my generation.
When u gonna b in dc??
im tryna fish montana max lne
FrozenPlanet premiere  WalkingDead season finale all in one night?
I'll take it!
Idk why I get so aggressive when defending him
Ugh.
I hate it when I reply all by accident.
Cc:
: Lets Get Up Lets Get Down Come Wit Me You'll Smoke Around Beggin Please Don't Be Shy No It Ain't No Secret Secret
Oh, and: it was super rad to run into both and at my audition today!!
say it ain't so.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Business Cards  29  100 Copies, SingleSided, Full Color  www.ActorStore.com 
id understand if the game was broken or something nothing wad ever promised by the company except an ending to shepards story
shit bout to do some this homework..
i miss you man!
when you come bck summer gon be over!
how did you get this gif to work on your professorle ??
Nice finish !
4 under nice position to go into the weekend!
Wow, so many spanking offers!
Thank you guys LOL
Thanks for the mention and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification!
The need is to save over 300 thousand teaching jobs  VP Joe Biden
well this guy thinks babies are beautiful newborn or whatever, i think newborn life is what real swag is all about
: Chemistry doesn't make sense to me.
Stop trying to explain it.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Im sorry but I havent been able to find that song to purchase
order me one, I'll pay you back
The recurring fish face photos never stop bringing laughs.
Ladies, please do continue.
haha!
Runners aren't wimps...sometimes we're just tired ;
Another no good mood today.
Tip of the day: chocolate is great dog food for dogs that arent actually dogs.
Late night hospital visit with one of our actress friends!
Just a soccer injury, nothing serious.
JO
Congrats Kings Speech!
It hasn't even been 24hours yet and look how many people miss you mals 
HA!!...
thanks and I think the same thing about Native American chicks....
lol
UW works with orgs that bring the passion, expertise and resources to get the job done.
That's Burgerville!
Eat there 3/29,  sales to UW
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
So excited, Demi is a x factor judge!
Gonna watch that show every night now!
I'm more focused then ever.
just returned from an egovernment workshop and clearly pondering egov services
ItsAkwardWhen when your parents look over your shoulder to see what your doing on the computer
There's nothing in sports like OT in game 7 of the NHL Playoffs.
I have personal goals.
And dealing with bullshit doctorma isn't on my list of things todo.
So excuse me if I just don't give a fuck.
yo...
them cards come out cool?
I can't!
I've been tested everytime!
Anyways, are you ready for your presentation today?
Listening to this weeks podcast of Penn's Sunday School right now
ARRA  can now be spent, but for some programs not yet requestable.
Talk about nerve racking.
and let's go to the zoo and then eat pork rib fajitas.
Cc
I'm honored to be followed by the star of the last smbmad!
ARod got a ring...
Baseball players not carrying teams like that though.
We've gotta stop this.
LOL
is so beautiful.
I just want Daphne  Bay to be BFF one day!
6 days and counting
Damn im hella sleepy and I gotta be at wrk at 6 FML
Anybody with any experience treating a inoperable noncancerous tumor in jaw/ear/throat area of a dog?
Specifically a Corgi?
Wtf my mom left her phone here  i hope my dad has his!
RT will be starting my diet and exercise the coming week!
Haha pig out here in pampanga.
I'm at SWMadison and want to use Codiqa to create prototype of an iphone app.
Others here might be in same boat.
Licenses?
subjecting your members to loud, shitty music is no way to treat people paying a premium for your gym.
You're on notice.
glad you enjoyed it.
and have great ones as well
..
and distort factory life in China Foxconn iFactory Nightline
These women on these crossfit games make me wanna get into shape, but at the same time, they frighten me
six followers
: Josh's music: This Life, I Used To Do It, Sing A Song, Showstopper
Thanks for following.
I followed back.
Much Love  Peace to you and your music.
I'm vibing right now to it
Ithaka's key findings: libraries three main perceived roles are as the gateway, buyer and archive
WE LOVE YOU!
X ALL YOUR MAHOMIES.
follow back?
Caztro in the booth tonight will be a good session
Oh Pegs.
You look so cute.
You're gonna be let down so hard.
same here : 333
Looking forward to getting the new iPhone.
:D
You kinda like soccer?
I'm gunna pretend you didn't just make my dick go soft.
Yeah, no.
It's totally soft.
CR, here we come!!
I get that pussy wetter than a dirty sewer.
Life is not about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
I have just been exposed to the ridiculousness of Jeffree Star thanks to My eyeballs and ears hate me now.
Cody's accent  Liam's accent
Java Interview Questions Downlaod  Java Tutorials  SUN ...
im here sam
yeah omg omg
thank youboth orgs we were planning on linking up with may pull out this weektrip might be a wash...
it was very hard
pok salad annie is classic.
we are on the free app TuneIn check us out click Pittsburgh and then
New Auction to start TOMORROW!
Benefits Miracle on Canal St.
what's your snap chat name !!!!!!
I had to google emeritus ....
No surprise.
The market manipulators are getting some leverage and pulling the DOW up towards zero.
They have a ways to go yet.
Thanks.
That's a great tip/link.
We'll check them out and connect.
It's hard to let someone go who's been in your life for years in the snap of your fingers.
I really don't understand how you're managing.
OH SHIT!!
JUST SAW IS FOLLOWING US!
That's Swag Right There
just got to face the fact that will never notice mehhh , blechhhh hatee life /3
RANGERS WIN!!!!
HANK GETS THE SHUTOUT!!!!
Gotta keep rolling baby!!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!50
Thanks David.
We are excited about the project for sure.
you have another jersey of a player not on the team anymore...I am a clippers fan now tho
We don't know what facts he ruled on because there's been no written decision, another problem with the process.
Some retail therapy...Oopsies!
Happy to 'meet' you !
If I had to start again, I would have chosen to be a stonemason!
that's rough
: What's the tip gonna be?
/ I dont know, Im too high to math.
fuckinstoners
and sleep c:
.
got a shout out at the dork shorts at
That's why all progress depends on unreasonable men
lol well if youre having girlproblems, youre not gonna be forever alone ; at least youre trying.
Q1: time is so important that they don't even follow any design model.
he probably has alot.
two or three depending on the situation :
If you can hold one, hold on.
shes playin right now.
The one and only
So jealous my mom got an iphone and I'm still stuck with this shitberry .
Excited to start on a new project tonight!!
We'll be revealing it soon!!
who's in the movie??
Ascension Praise Dance Conference was really great too!!!!
why didn't you grab his jersey like you do all season???
I've partnered w/BasketBull HoopHall  gonna be coaching  Hoop Hall doctorams Camp  Basketball Hall Of Fame in Springfield, MA.
Sears Holdings Provides Update On Status Of Separation Of Its Sears Hometown ...
Sacramento Bee
thanks for the inclusion!
Probably wouldn't have lost so many games if jamison wasn't so busy building a house from the 3 point line and grabbed some rebounds
Thursday is going to be awesome!
Great Lakes brew with the brewer!
What will you brew?
Mmhm
I hate feelings....
RT : Tough loss but we need you against PHX friday...and thank you for your support, you guys are the best
mate, I'd miss the flight?!
Mental results going on!
Back in Syracuse, NY to speak at the Central New York Small Business Home Office Conference and Expo.
C'mon you mighty Reds!
Play the toffees for a laugh and leave them feeling blue!
Tam bin esta loco feeling lazy
The thickness is coming to primal !
Hate all you want.
My genius is unmatched.
shouldn't have doctorpped my hot pocket during prep.
Watching the hunger games!!
Great film, Im lovin it!!
;
no problem!
We had a great time
your exhibit Origins of the Universe at the Santa Monica Art Museum is incredible!!!!
fuck balls, so do not want to deal with this final tomorrow.
Well , ima sit here  let the tears fall where they may
Almost just died twice trying to get to this damn thing...and its already 10!!!!
Fuck!
Well howdy.
: k im about to hide in my closet like  it's actually not that bad...I'm sleeping in mine.
Hehehe
Good Morning everyone check out My new art Good Friday Goodfriday thank you for all your support
ever since I seen you on Ellen promoting your iphone app, I have wondered what it would be like to go out dancing with you :
Work til 6 am almost there
Kenny hawks  lakers in the finals Chuck  WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
lol
Do battles with the challenges of the present and you will unlock the presents of the future  A.
Andoctorws
hahahhahhaah nice i think the same thinglol.
Happy Birthday Your my inspriation and I love you I have and always will be there3 Forever a mahomie!!
Lexie
thanks for the RT Dave!
Appreciate it.
:
Happy Mother's day mumma love you
lol.
Two people saw that.
I need to start watching what I say on there.
:
Thanks Marie!
Enjoyed seeing you last night:!
What could be better than spending the first Monday of summer vacation having fun all day at Lied Discovery Childoctorn's Museum?
just bought the new album cant wait to see you on tour!
Erik  Mumble from Happy Feet 2 will be tomorrow from 67 for kiddies!
What is cuter than dancing penguins?
Answer: Nothing.
think u needed snooks help tonight!
Dancing for the Arts
Dad, stop watching a documentary about roaches.
girl I'm still figuring out myself!
I mean once you try it starts being creative
I didn't know u sold 31....I have been wanting to get the girls and I lunch bags forever!
!!!
shit bro, working out here on this flight line on a fine saturday night Smh.
Waz good whichu tho?
im back :
I'm so freaking irritated
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Twitter!
My little cousin gettin all the girls lol
CONGRATS MAN!
U DESERVED IT!!
yes loved those.
Anything neon too.
Ugh it looked awful.
way to pick a nonsexy industry and make it really, really cool.
This is a real company.
Biz plan in place!
ringringringalinglingg!!!
HEllo!!!
Joey!
Thanks for the follow!!
ttyl!
xo!
The track meet would've been better than that bonding thing for china.
Met another runner though!
Its all good cuz when u act up i acrt up even worst bet
Already thinking about that 4:30am alarm tomorrow!
Waahh
Hope you'll treat them better than you did in sacto Sacramento hey where's my swag feed the
Awesome!
Can't wait.
I cannot begin to tell you how the gravity inversion table has improved my lower back in 2 days!
Now onto the treadmill!!
If i win I'll at least hit you with a brick of Washingtons  I've promised to make a Thomas Pink wardoctorbe rain on
omg I hurt my back.
its all obama's fault lol or my baby's ...
same difference
is now in studio with me on Spo Says on
Aweh, me to runs my fingers through your hair
Good night :
Reading the Quran for a final project and I'm completely blown away.
How have I not read this before?
Super psyched about our photo shoot w/ today!
tuesdaypopstarvisit.
I just ruined the surprise of the century.
Chuck I think its Dick Gephardt
Edward St.
Aubyn: What else is there to do but read too much into things?
What a poor, thin, dull world we'd live in if we didn't.
Fetishes creep me out.
I just like regular vagina.
you just becoming a little fashion Diva
Brewers are out of relievers with Chulk coming in.
I'd guess Estrada might be available, though.
We love your interviews : if you could check us out and tell us what you think that would be great!
Thank you :
I love you omg
A4 And if senior leadership isn't thinking straight  even worse.
Remember, GM senior exec flying in private jets to DC?
Thanks for the follow!
I followed back :
Can you Follow Me Please???
:
Took Peter to Fitz's for his sixth birthday.
The boys each had huge root beer floats, which they doctorined.
Normally, I flip cable news channels compulsively but, today CSPAN2 won out as my doctorg of choice.
Way to go Boston Common 2nd messed up projection in a row.
Argumentative manager was a nice touch
What song immediately puts you back in school with a car full of friends singing at the top of your lungs?
Come on , we all did it!
orphans8 Gartenberg giving background on Tassilo Adam, an ethnographer who lived in the Dutch East Indies in the '20s
Topic of conversation in comics class today : Have you ever won something in a box of pop tarts?
did someone over on Lombardi hit the pause button?
You up mighty late!
so what do you do with the last 4 hours of your life?
Irving's going to take you down!
lol
.
Agree a sportier car would be more Ferrisesque, but the whole Bueller reference works for the people you'd imagine buying Hondas
couldn't agree more.
We could use his services.
RT If you could only do one exercise everyday for the next month, what would it be?
Friday can't come fast enough!
your welcome!
:
for only 72 hours?
1 gallon of water, 2 packs of water,4 packs of hot dog buns,and alote more I might not go to my  in till
Or a puerto rican.
Whatever.
The genius of Bilderberg is akin to the genius of Marie Antoinette.
There is dumb.
And then there is Bilderberg dumb.
Made in Warsaw.
Did you see the picture of that huge burger?
Ugh.
This hora needs a new in the worst way.
What a beautiful day in Indy!
Refreshed and ready to get back at it after a great trip to Portland and many glorious hours browsing and buying books
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Ann Landers
great movie bro bro dysfunctional friends and nice meeting you and chatting with you
RT  Indians will send Shin Soo Choo to Cleveland on Sunday.
doctorThomas Graham will examine broken left thumb on Mon.
Also h...
I'm frightened by the devil, and I'm doctorwn to those ones that ain't afraid.
My tv hates me.
v.v
i didnt my mom gave me 3 dollars lol
What.
A.
Weekend.
scbwi is my tribe :
ber o'clock starts at 12 pm..so you're way overdue!
Thug Wade speaks from the heart.
Whenever someone says, I'm not a dirty player.
they're lying like a dirty dog!
Sack a jaweeeeeeAaaaaaa!!!
Happy Friday!
D
RT OK...now that I got SWV's new album, I need En Vogue to put one out!
So proud of Jessica!
She is a officially a Spartan
Remember if you don't like the way 's triangle processed your money  you can always grab the person's phone  smash it for a refund.
I donated the bedazzler!
It now lives in greener pastures.
I hope.
Thanks for the opportunity to be part of the team.
Can't wait to help build
You disappoint me.
Yahoo!
Names PayPal and Yahoo!
Executives to Lead Consumer Commerce Business
coldplayonidol I think he's trippn..
Wait for prices to come down on the things you really want.
Class C felony in Wa RT : I live in a society in which beating women  fighting dogs are forgivable sins, but a card game is a crime.
Following the footsteps of and taking 19 credit hours  running crosscountry next semester.
Guest feedback fr thaiabdominal My was very...active all day...
just felt more movement going on usual.
In just under 5 mins...the LBT takeover will begin...we get it in!!
Don't know what I was expecting but I'm enjoying the not so insane atmosphere of
SEM Manager: help launch the efforts for a new product offering focused on generating highquality conversions for ourcustomers....
yeah, why not !!
: hi my pretty friend
I didn't think animatronic mascots could get creepier than the Downy Snuggle bear.
The torch has been passed to the Carfax Car Fox.
so glad you came up!
It was nice to spend some time with you finally :
lol its kay at home haha
I hate it when I lose an argument with myself in my head.
Alright the new winner for the Valentines Day Bat Giveaway has been chosen, please check your email to claim your prize!
Thanks for shopping!
End up scoring that board?
yeah : THERE IN CHICAGO WITH ME!!!
:D lol
We have a free show in San Fran coming up :
I don't wanna talk about right now I'm sorry
Tomorrow Volunteer Mtg 7pm 18 N.
5th St!
Join us for information and cocktails after!
Over 90 of people use improper lifting technique while working out.
I have a crush on Megan doctorper.
fyi, heatwave summer rooftop party series continues this saturday with  :
How is EVERYONE at the grocery store a complete idiot, besides me?
i hate regretting when i tweet things out
Thousands of candles can be lit frm a single candle and the life of the candle will not be shorten Happiness nvr decrease by being shared
You can also follow us on facebook.
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
yes, yes, he is a qt on Ridiculousness.
;
I'm so bad at replying to things.
CanWeStillBeFriends?
Schulist and Chris Roberts and I were rocking 'em all night at Cactus.
Ricky the doctorgs doctorgons Steamboat, Randy Savage Garden...
Attending Get Hip, Get Happy, Get Uke: Ukulele Primer for Music Therapists at the AMTA musictherapyconference in
Listening to author Katherine Neville of The Eight on the podcast Sound Authors by  I discovered it here on Twitter.
Great turnout at the lidigital, looking forward to speaking on the search and display panel and hearing other great speakers.
Thanks!
: Thankful Thursday to have a great day!
I tried to download ur song but I couldn't find a link on ur old site
It was a pleasure meeting you tonight.
And thanks so much for helping me with the nonprofessort project!
appreciate the Twollow !!
All I want to do is watch a movie  take a nap.
What do I have to do instead?
Keep hitting these fucking keys until my fingers bleed
Always in ohio when I have to work overtime  RT : Columbus, Ohio  THIS FRIDAY  Skully's!!!
1111 Icon: THAT HOT GUY!
3 BG: AWESOME.
I wanna sleep with him!
:P Bio: Amazing!
: I LOVE YOU, THANKS FOR EVERYTHING :D
love you too Lexxxxxx!!!!
Found the perfect bookshelf at Costco  its on sale.
Too bad it's too heavy for me to lift.
Will have to wait for to get home
Velvet Elvis in studio now!
tune into now!
well why should I?
Tell me?
SAY WHEN, WHERE AND WHAT...count me in!!!
A left will take you to the interstate but a right will bring you right back here to me.
You're welcome friends!
It just stopped snowing here and it's not too bad.
How much snow did you end up with?
Keep up the nice work.
I have found that Echinacea is much better at curing you when you feel yourself getting sick than vitamin c
Thanks for the helpful chat.
How is so much better than every other nut butter I've ever tasted?
You are making this apple at my desk DELICIOUS.
that man has no A button on his controller only the X button.
Hell or high watermelon!
BTW Ball To Poland LOVE
you guys doing anything around Tampa today?
Thank you much.
Please email us  to discuss.
If I get enough work done in the next two hours, I get to go out for doctornks to send friends Jon and Ray off for Mother's Day trip to SFO
At Barnes and noble because I'm just sick of tv what is it coming to?
You only live once but if you do it right once is enough
Guess who's registered at Babies R' Us.
This gal ;D
Excited to get my haircut by tomorrow.
I'm thinking about going shorter, style.
No matter, my hair just needs cut!
Moe's is my preferred as well.
More toppings to chose from too.
I have to constantly fight all the forces of nature trying to hold me back.
I won't let em control me
The average doctorver will honk 15,250 times in their lifetime!
wow you are self centered you actually thought when i said its wierd how much i miss this person right now was about you.
well it wasnt!
I wanna see Avengers!!!!!
I feel like whenever someone calls me pretty , they're just lying and they're just trying to be nice.
Just wanna sit at home and watch sappy love stories.
Watching castle flowers for your grave.
Where it all began :
Thanks for adding me to your list of Seventhday Adventists.
May your coming Sabbath be very blessed.
So much car frustration.
Im one more problem away from selling it and buying a bike.
Oops, spoke too soon, a couple people left in the corner.
RT Looking for an instant credibility boost?
Be transparent; sign each article with your name and upload an author photo.
Super bummed I won't be at the show tomorrow night!
Crying on the inside
Trying to understand Santorum's heart thumping; delusional ideas  if sincerely acquired  are legitimate?
Not only will you save a bit of cash, but it will also keep you fittheres nothing like a nice walk to get some fresh air!
Very glad to help.
A unified vision is our best hope for a better future.
Gotta make sure we're counted!
Special Collections librarian Dale Stieber on Oxy letter press class that produced a fold out book of poetry illustrated by QR Codes
I bet.
Te gustas mi foto?
It makes us look like boyfriend girlfriend :.
I have never felt this way about anyone before.
3.
I wish he would just decide.
we had pizza!
How was Muppets?
Nashville's music is a little quieter as the city recovers from flash flooding and storms blamed for at least 29 deaths in three states.
If I'm an MLB player I'd be pretty ticked off about this.
Would never expect a fair hearing again.
What a great night :.
Time for some Sleep though.
lol love it!
Feels weird to not stay for awards  but it's been a long day, and I am ready for a doctornk!
it was great seeing your work in person today at ArtWalk  good talking to you as well.
Wish I could have bid on the auction!
You smelly flower.
Why do you love Victor so much ?
Isin't he too cheap for you ?
Lmfao.
I'm kidding.
It's too funny.
Sorry.
You know I love you
doctorpped yogurt on my sweater.
No one told me for an hour.
On the downside it's embarrassing.
On the upside I now smell like strawberries.
I never said thanks for dinner last night!
Thanks Jen.
Have fun abroad.
Kids can always get the book from the public library too, which I'm sure would carry it
Thanks!
Right back at you!
USA!
USA!
USA!
Go get it Ladies!
Very cool new publisher of English and Dutch translations of Slavic literature!
Follow
Rainy friday night  movie night with momma and papa bear.
3
Shout out to the Czech Republic at Sir Toby's Hostel
Netanyahu: PNA must choose between a peace agreement with Israel and a peace agreement with Hamas.
The great Purge begins.
Filled 2 trash bags on day one of our cleaning.
Trying to lighten the load to Ohio...
doctoramt I made FT of a tourney, but another player was stealing from my stack.
Made a stink and the floor berated me for caring.
Thanks for visiting We hope you enjoyed your meal today!
Let me see if I have enough in my piggy bank to help you out there...
I miss you too
I think Ms.
Tar will have to settle this one...
and at the rbc?!!
Watched part of it there yesterday!
Wish I could join you!
Carlos our sound guy killed it last night, only 4th show with band.
5th member he is.
here is to sound guysgirls who know their shit.
There's just got to be a better way to make a living.
At least for now there's a weekend.
Making the Most of Changes to Roth IRAs  Child Rearing ...
VreelandA ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward
do tell!
Ugh I'ma have to go to the Dentist as soon as possible.
Did you make your mark yet?
Help Ad2's Public Service Committee support Elementz
is knitting antibodies in flannelinduced hypersleep while the snow falls outside.
Kinda wanna go to a high school in GardensGrove or LA in callifornia.
Anyone live there?
Or go to a highschool there
Eww.
National Kiss Day?
Will not be participating in that!
looks so sick man.
Can't wait to see it
Eli Manning as a doctorg queen on SNL.
You have to respect him.
He certainly doesn't have an acting career waiting, but the man is committing
I got a Galaxy U phone on wednesday evening.
although trying to root Samsun Galaxy U, I had a difficulty to figure out a rough instruction.
RT Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities.
Aristotle
Oct 4th come meet Keith Allred at the rose room in downtown Boise  7:00.
Free admission and doctornk tkt included.
Hm...might have to start taking a public poll.
Wishing you a great run!
And because we were told to.
Is studying some really GOOD biblical material from kanaanministries.org in South Africa.
Check it out it is sure to bless you!
Good Afternoon
THROW A STRIKE
this is for Alex RT : Chin straps are for helmets...it's not a style of facial hair.
Thanks for the invite : 
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you.
All of those offer great advice!
Well, that concludes our short Twitter Chat today.
THE LONG NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER.
I HAVE FOUND MY OLYMPUS BATTERY CHARGER.
yessir!
You going?
Ready to do another show!
Louisiana is the next Tour stop.
Do you feel like you've been tricked by the future you've picked?
Like taught me all it takes is 20 seconds of an ounce of courage to change things.
:
its good I guess.
Could be better.
But who doesn't.
Y tu hermosa?
Todo bien?
the show's called Shylock.
Wanderlust Theatre.
Brady and his wife are the puppet designers for my Wolves in the Walls
that is honestly unreal.
congrats babe.
CONGRATS!
Just two places in LA??
BlakeGriffinCriesLike a fat kid at a closed buffet
Saw a perfect little redbellied robin while walking.
Wondering if i'll find an ear in a paper bag next.
In bed before 10 for the second day in a row.
You are welcome; going to return the favor?
Schucks, I'd love to have you follow me.
r u in Australia still I hope ur show goes well
I'll check them out.
Work worth doing is worth doing well.
I can't make my mind up about where to go tonight.
Someone decide for me.
People do not change, they are merely revealed.
Anne Enright
imiss wen i could run ta my granny fa errything i wanted..den my lil demon spawn baby cuzin came along..ugh lol
Have a great 420 everybody!
I will!
Ah, yes.
Chuck was there.
As the ocean is never full of water, so is the heart never full of love.
Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics  New York Times
And look at him now!
Success!
Whew.
130 Christmas cards stuffed and mailed  BEFORE Christmas.
one of many duh
doctorve right.
:P
sometimes I be so bored I stare at my phone waiting for a facebook/twitter alert to go off or a text/call to comethru
win again!
30 over the blue jays!
What option is there other than having all students reach the highhest level.
Athing else means u have given up.
thanks dude : of course!!
They're secretly superheroes.
: RT : I  our web services team.
what was it?
I figured out what was wrong, called in.
My Swoosh account was messing up and somehow my Nike account was deleted.
Back at 0 fuel
Looking forward to going to Tulsa OK tomorrow.
:
On the way to the gym!
FML grown man shit is wack!
Thanks new followers!!!!
:

Organization RT : Kobe still got more rings by himself then the whole OKC organisation though...
Thanks for following Jonathan!
You're stuff is hilarious!
homemade foods of course!
There may be nothing worse than the morning after a playoff loss
Yay Ryan Anderson!
These Shit  Say videos get HITS, man!
How bout Shit strippers say?
Shit stoners say?
Shit peoplewhowillprobablyendupinjail say?
My brother doctorpped his iPhone and the whole screen cracked into like 50 pieces..
LOLOLOL SUCKS TO SUCK.
im great thanks, just tired and bored .
and you?
:
Thanks for the RT!
We appreciate it!
Wonder how he really feel?!?!
do you love to sew?
do you love kids?
I have the perfect job opening for you.
Excited to see ICTC corps members on the cover of Response 2012!
:
aw she didn't flush it down the toilet did she?
this years is the best one yet, congratsguys
it cost me a whole paycheck to cover me and 2 friends.
Ridiculous!
wow!
Good to see young people trying to make a difference and caring about a cause.
that's kinky
call me maybe
Man i miss my brother
Big laughs today watching  others in a very funny tv pilot!
Cream Lounge come check out how a Monday Night should look like in Scottsdale....
They have the cheapest doctornks here in all of Scottsdale...
These Dancers suck!
Ugh it takes forever
anybody having problems getting on niketalk?
HappyBirthdayMadison shouldn't be taking this long to trend 
My throat is on fire
1 class on friday!
Done at 11.
Then work,
Sure am
Program is what that is called.
That is a program.
Something 2b proud of.
What we all strive for.
Will never b very far down.
You're on Twitter.
Should you be writing instead?
We'll give you five minutes before we start judging you.
I miss being a kid.
I get to play polly pockets and tamagochi after school.
But childhood days are over.
I'd rather sleep after school.
good morning it's cait from hoping everyone's day is off to a good start!
Im done wit zans
how was I not following you??
I'm so ashamed.
Thx for the RT...
you were missed YET AGAIN!
We got new blue shirts, yaay!
yes Pinterest rocks!
you're the most politically sound person in all of America
Getting everything together, so keep an eye out.
this is great, way to include everyone!
Check this out and Bekah!
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own.
Coffin, Harold
Good night gang,Thanx for the RTs and Follows,See ya on the other side...Remember Barry is a criminal and must be removed from office,NOW!
Very nice and informative to listen to you speak in class yesterday!
You have such GREAT energy!!!
:
Judy Blume taught me everything I know about girls.
Yay Hunger Games day!
Here's to hoping me and aren't the oldest ones in the theater

Very Busy, put a house under contract second day into the new year!
What's your volume this month?
add them into the Bill Hall file.
Stay safe on the road on your holiday weekends.
Use for all your transportation needs!
www.localmotionofboston.com
Oh heck, yes.
RT You know what sucks?
When your baby is sleeping happily and you're inexplicable awake.
AH!!!!!!!!
OMG MY JESUS FREAKIN FOLLOWED ME AH!!!!!
I THINK IM GONNA DIE FROM HAPPINESS 33
Looking forward to be shooting with Felix Everding Maya Saad Tabea Damaris Jauslin Jussi Tuomi Antonio Thompson Joshua Martin Travis Smith!
Ahh, gotcha!
Any particular industry?
Will keep my ears to the ground...
Sitting in Knoxville for 4hrs..
very warm  muggy..not happy
for sure
no we not lol
I love the sharing of ideas.
And getting a chance to chat w/ ELT people worldwide.
lol we will see :  melissa is the one who showed me how to reply and she's never been on here ever!
IN GOD WE TRUST
It was a great night at the Hamilton County Lincoln Day Dinner.
tonight is grant's final episode with taps!
:,O
But even though I dont say it, I still feel it.
so where's the sense is that
Congratulations!
Such a sweet blessing!
I wanna get out and fucking do something.
Did some gardeing today  there is something unique about spending time outdoor with the nature.
Oh when will I come in to my portable property?
alright :'c
Great now I can't sleep.
This sucks.
Some people would be so much more attractive if they got a nose job.
Who loves ya baby?
LJs giving away ereaders and free registration to our ebksmt at  stop by for a chance to win!
Brainstorming for dinner..
My Favorite!
ain't got no snuggle bunny baby!
: looking for applicants
Watching Dexter
That's what's up...Is that the overseas tour?
Good morning World!
Wishing everyone an amazing and blessed day!
and got your back in chitown.
Kick the patriots ass today!!!
Will they be presented in front of a green screen?
Street fiction at it's best by the author Cole Hart.
I'm pretty sure your boss is wrong about one of those things!
Merry Christmas!
that's a given!!!
It's EG's birthday!
Give him the best present: get involved in his campaign for LA Mayor.
Go to the meet and greet Tuesday night
What the fuck is my sims saying...
Bleh.
When you come to Seattle, THEN and ONLY THEN will I be excited.
YES!
Use geolookup.
It's a great feature of the API  and a standard part of the base packages
I'm thirsty.
This is BREAKING and EXCLUSIVE NEWS.
So tired from the emergancy room trip this morning sympathizes with me!
They are called head phones for a reason.
I should not be able to hear the music clearly when your sitting fucking 10 feet in front of me.
Gaahh Chris Neil
That may be the most random Cristmas tweet ever.
Glen Campbell is still a player.
you can tell.
that was a dope performance.
I always cheeted.
took people a few times playing me to figure out how to call that one.
The Artist.
You didn't miss anything, honestly.
Well, except the dog.
Playing guitar 
When people wreck right in front of you 
Field trip to...Indiana?
Thanks, Tim.
I've been at SI for a bit over a year now, but every day is still a learning experience!
Meanwhile, Facebook is working on a Project Glass alternative that makes everything look like an Instagram photo.
Good God..
Tom Morello ripping it up with Bruce.
Shredding is an under statement!!!
What inspiration you get from becoming a good filmmaker?
Touch my anus.
OH: what if we could tap into the ingredient that kids already have to make more joy!
Spring Break GuyCode episode 
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Thanks Jon!
I just finished watching some of ur Easter svc.
It was Awesome!
The cross screen  genius!
I'll take Alleve and get out there.
RT : The Astros need your arm against the Rangers.
All of Texas is dependent.
of course!
we had a blast :
I bought a dog once.
Named him 'Stay' Come here, Stay.
He's insane now.
Many think gentrification is great for lowincome communities.
We cant see how this is true!
what do you think?
We should go flash doctorve shopping one of these days x I think I have enough for one
And yet that's what ESPN is focusing on.
Why doesn't that surprise me?
aha yea i miss,dat/33
Cubs Win!
you should have said it's just a guess anyway, why do you think we're always disappointed...
sycamores are the devil's work
it will change a bit once the GOP starts backing Romney as the candidate  right now GOP money is split b/w lots of nominees
At all times I have cold, NEVER seen my mucus turn yellow.
know thats gross but is completely fascinating.
So much work lately!
Thank you clients/friends!
channel 6 in Orlando a now show no go they simply suck as far as shuttle coverage.
Take it to the bank so called world wide webber
thank you!:
Sometimes I wish I taught international politics.
I would never run out of topics  ideas 24/7/52/365.
Human societies are a wonderland
We experienced 911.
Can you imagine experiencing 9/11, plus all our elders have?
Dday?
Vday?
Pearl Harbor?
no?
What is it?
Snow in Denver in may what the hell
follow me back please ?:
omg my thumb hurts so bad man
The best relationship you can have is with yourself and focusing on what you need to do for you life
Yeah!
Plans are set to wish BennuDancer Zoe a happy birthday Indy this Saturday!
Gator Gabi Wiegand scores the first goal of the night only 3 minutes into the game.
UF Lacrosse
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL Tweetchat!
Feel free to ask any TEFL questions or check in from where you are teachingEnglish!
Free cold stone for habitat volunteers.
Find us in the UC.
Happening now.
RT
ooh and Pulp too 90s old skool from Sheffield...
coachella round one!
yea and the dude needs some new teeth
I couldn't figure out how to hook up optical audio cables.
Didn't realize plastic covers have to come off.
Swear I'm an engineer.
Thanks to all the media, newspapers, and magazines who have featured
Growing up is about aiming to succeed wildly and being fulfilled by failing really well.
Yes!
Every day.
How does Phil Levine get emotion in his poems?
Believe in the validity of your imagination and exeperience.
RT : Start living your passion today, because when you're living your passion, who knows what yr legacy will be.
Oh lion, oh lamb, oh giving, oh tortured hand  remember in your mirrored will, I stay still.
::dm stith::i stay still::
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes!
If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way!
Have A Great Day!
Been eating my feelings away all day long today c: so god yet so bad
when?!I'm in USA but I'll watch on YouTube!3
one at a time
I'll never waste you time, only if i could get you on the line ..
you'd be mine 143
now you wanna run...go head get it in playa!
yeah.
He was hospitalized over the weekend.
Recovering now, but we have to keep our eyes on him for any relapsing.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the workout.
:
ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!!
FREE SHOTS 20 VIP!!!!
indmix
talking 2 u
You must decide, as a dancer, how will you make your mark.
How about winning...
just cuz?
: Good morning Denver : let's wear purple again today....
Just cuz
Crazy day yesterday, lesson learned.
Sometimes it's not in your control to help a friend.
In the end it will always come to their decisions.
PaulMcCartney has just stolen the Grammys.
Awesome.
Very nice.
Thanks for the share!
internet allows clowns to get there internet thug on with no consequence.
times are changing for real.
: Be careful with who you give yo love,trust, and affection to nd ur follows nd since u cnt follow bck im done following u
I was just testing it's distance
Half way to the destination about 3 more hours left.
Great meeting you today, can't wait to start the breakfast club :
If getting on my hands and knees before the Lord is what it will take then that's what i'll do.
Thanks for RT.
Love to meet/chat while you are here in Austin.
Send dm or ping
Why does my phone keep changing my mother's name in my addoctorss book from Mom to Mom Fischer?
This is odd.
LoL RT Tami is about to get the show canceled.
Fn the  up.
Planning to disseminate our work at national conferences
no offense, computers!
:
RT : So the partner in class warfare is independent news agency .
I am sure would be proud.
AP English exam today!
watch the while show our Jack was on burning his capezios
lml that would b different
One girl called in saying she got hit by a door and couldn't come in.
I missed tweeting you too!
I felt so incomplete!
LOVE Joan Jett!
I'll watch that only if Vienna is a contestant.
RT Jake Pavelka rumored to be the bachelor again
If you're in DC and have an unobscured view, look now to the west at the beautiful glowing horizon and rolling clouds.
How does your schedule look in March?
Break is around the17th27th.
WeCould get together for lunch bfore then in Tempe.
awesome.
See you soon!
Bremen are awful
hahaha, it would be better to have a PodCast and people can listen to me tell stories of the big bad world.
Will check in with you guys in a day or so.
Live in the place where u walk in what God is saying not what He has said.
If not u may very well miss your opportunity to move forward...
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass.
It is about learning to dance in the rain.
You're the man Tim!
Speaking as a lifelong Bronco fan I couldn't be any prouder that you're our QB.
Have fun!
You are on our radar.
Keep in touch, we should be making plans very soon.
Waiting for the proof to come back for the first book VERUM: TRUTH...
To everyone who give me a weird look on campus walkYes.
I just love wearing yellow tights with athletic shorts.
i am what i am, i stand where i stand.
depending on how my money is spent i might get a ticket for florence and the machine
im helpin out for prom
next week okay?
i'm open most afternoons except possibly Monday.
Hot Pink Sheet: procured!
you are my role model bought your book and shampoo love both:
Some jobs are structured to over work you for little compensation.
Want more for yourself, tell them what you're worth!
You got it, dude.
I just need more good texters doe, people I'm actually interested in textin
Should Rocky get 2 for the botched call?
;
and Miami's streets are filled with doctornk Cubans
We've adjusted your registration to reflect the new pricing based on your needs!
100 per attendee :
Elway botched Orton's tradeability.
He lost on Tebow trade.
Why am I blindly trusting his plan again?
next week ima say yes to everything
It's Chisom's birthday today!
;D
Good sign when we're complaining about the quality of MMA commercials on FOX!
Thanks for the kind words
i think everybody needs to follow this boy because hes my favorite of all
college must be affordable.
Out latina valedictorian can't afford it even w huge scholarship...no fed loans avail.
someone's gotta speak up for FL Studio.
Might as well be me.
Chipotle should do late night deliveries.
That'd be nice.
Yep, you got it, Autism.
If you Google hash tags and Twitter you will get a way better explanation than I can offer.
That awkward moment, where you shut the fuck UP !!!
Rose Bowl.
Super Bowl.
Sweet 16.
NL Central title.
What a year for Wisconsin sports.
My hubby's coworkers threw him a 'Daddy Shower' at work.
: So nice!
He didn't know the nursery rhyme game though.
You, too!
haha I no : but if he had to date anyone, I'm glad it's her...
She's really nice!
Just saw an APD motorcycle with an M16/AR15 instead of a shotgun on the back.
Interesting development in the militarization of police.
Thank you for all your support!!!!
I think the Hyuk Sexy and the Su Sexy calls for a HyukSu psot on Melismatic when I get home.
you're a funny dude.
also on Millionaire match maker atm
Gonna wish i had a storm warning for how hard i fell for 3
Okey thanks for the advice friend :
Fugg wit my
great tweet  curious as to why it is so relevant?
Is your school fully iPad equipped?
I love banana nut muffins.
and I want a pet flamingo
Here there be hockey AND bourbon!
1 Lone Star/Lone Star Lt this Tues and every Tues at W Alabama Icehouse.
Tell your friends!
More fun going to preds game not a bad seat in the whole place unlike titans stadum.
So I'm officially runnin ghte NYCMarathon, gotta up the mileage for sure....
LOL.
I survived.
Saw them at the Forum 1974, the Stairway To Heaven tour.
They were great!
My momma says to tell your momma Happy Mother's Day xoxo RT Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mommas out there!
x
I disagree with you, do not share your beliefs, and can articulate why.
Is not an atheist saying I hate you, personally.
Forget about life for awhile
tell him to take a fucking seat...
on a bed of knives
In Taupo with the and I think I am going to do another bungy!
Heading back home from the Holidays  a wonderful time with Kim's family in Bald Knob Arkansas
lol.
Funny!
Do some work!
immigration law and history
Thanks for the love!

favorite song sing a song
Each one who's left RT : Taco Bell new promotion: If the Blazers break 75 each fan gets a free dollop of nacho cheese sauce
: Watching Rugrats with my rugrats salute to my nigga.
A real nigga!
This rihanna performnce is dull
why is there no MLS section on the NBC Sports mobile score board?
RT : I wonderdo most of us believe school as we knew it, as it is now, will suffice to prepare kids for the lives they will...
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for making me get up 3 hours early every weekday just to get my news from you!
I am looking for a nonreligious, nonpolitical NPO to design a free website for.
If you know anyone looking please have them contact me!
: thank you!
doctornking coffee while the bullies wrestle and listening to Camp Pendleton blasts
Calling ALL Spurs Bloggers!
Promote Yourself  Add article links to wall  Connect your social media accounts  Much MORE SpursConnect.com
NASHVILLE TENNESSEE that's where it should be I'm going to start a trend MahoneToNashville!
This couch is so comfortable.
I need a blanket.
Crafter left Confession :
someone in a convertable in front our office is having his middle age crises.
university of Houston
Please RT/ repost GOkickballers...
game times switch to 6:15 tonight thru rest of regular season.
Autumn is here......
And I just noticed a wifi network within my range called HideYoKIdsHideYoWifi.
This is just not my day to feel normal.
Late night and early morning, all invoicing done.
Now just finishing edits and getting ready for 321
love to get our wine to you and all our irish friends
Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Michael O'Brien 
Cuddling  work
Awesome look.
Love it!
Do you have some time to chat next week?
We'd love to share with you early about our big update rolling out on 4/1.
Thanks!
All emails sent from my iPad are signed sent from one of my 5 iPads
?
the so called worst of sec are better than best of most other conferences..deal with it
i want to know why libraries  academic institutions make it so difficult to get information without paying lots of , or enrolling.
Not wearing a jacket or even a scarf today.
Brrr.
Wats in the burg right now?
Thx bro.
Whats up man?
Hit me up dude.
Just because ur cute/sexy doesn't mean I'm attracted to u.
U still have to be able to have a convo wit me.
Intelegence is more attractive!!
It took a few days, but I'm now officially scrolling the wrong way more often in Snow Leopard than I am in Lion.
Man this fish turned out great!
Without Batman he would never win a chip.
So if he does win congrats on that, but for me he will never be in the..
best night.
Happy Weekend
That one Friday in February.
Source Code and Mint Chocolate Ice cream.
Possibly the worst hangover of my life today
MyThoughtsAtSchool When Did She Loose Her Virginity...
'Cause She Ugly
Thank you to everyone who came out today for our ALS Zumbathon.
We raised over 500 and cannot thank each of you enough!
Have fun!!
: Enjoying my birthday date with , no destination, doctorving with the top down, music blasting, wind...
you're such a bro, bro.
See ya bro.
When you make a difference with what you have it expands
i wish it rained more here in southern california!
That 1 spot on the billboard
thanks for the follow.
I look forwrd to exchanging ideas with you.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all my TweetPeeps!
Obama asking WWRD?
is not unpresidential, it's an important question to ask the electorate.
Mitt's own words are a cause for concern.
wow!
998 followers...
help us get to 1000!
:D
20ThingsIlove my best friend, .
yea it's awesome
This 70 degree weather is messing with me.
I've got Cedar fever Spring fever at the same time.
Makes for a crappy day to work either way.
Thanks for the RTs!!
Love it!!
I'm really looking fwd to year two!
And your three year is coming up!
:
single  real talk.
you guys definitely deserve it :
Finding 1: people genuinely believe their goods are a better donation instead of 
Walk on the boards, Happy Birthday Nanny!
doctor Cornel West and Tavis Smiley doctorpping some real nuggets of wisdom on Piers Morgan
Thanks to the 50 participants in Friday's UMBCsocial unconference!
It was a pleasure to meet you all.
Followup details coming soon.
hey its me mary, please follow me back.
:
then why are you all on teams?
Guy with a gun reported on campus.
The place is on lockdown.
Doesn't sound like shots have been fired.
Yes, and I are celebrating HubBuds' first birthday with a commemorative trip to Copenhagen.
Right, ?
lol I've never had it.
Is it really that bad?
Guys that can dance ....;
Yeah, her grandpa is Eero Aarnio.
He's awesome :
: wants me to figure out when we are going to see you and tonight.
we're doing dinner yeah?
lmao and the bread is free!
And we like free!
have a nice night.
Hernandez for Welbeck and Park for Anderson?
Bio test to study for.
DO NOT DISTRACT ME.
Branches, trees, masters, forks, commits...
plus strange, opaque commands that somehow connect x to y!
No time for a Mani/Pedi today...I know, first world problems!!; PromOneTwo Are you readdddyyyyyyy.....................
thatawkwardmomentwhen ur 4 year old brother asks if you have milk in your boobs.
RT : What do my Tweeps like seeing pics of?
So I'm not boring lol
Birthdays in the house of math teachers: dad, how old are you?
It's a very exciting number, I'm 2 to the third times 3 to the second!
What's kansas city up to tonight?
After 5 books and untold URLs, I've finally identified the gold standard CSS reference: Eric Meyer's CSS The Definitive Guide.
It rocks.
Fuck my life and everything and everyone in it.
tries to read mind ;
And i think he mad at me
Pittsburgh We Run This  New Post: The Trula Era via , ,
Where should we bring our free Operation Orange shirts?
WANTED: Extra Arm's or Legs.
Christmas cost me both lol
Taxes done.
Almost seven hours.
Now letting Burn Notice ease me and my painful back into a restful evening.
Getting old  not fun.
Work at 4
RT Every time I walk past a campus tour, I want to join in.
Those guides are so peppy!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!........
Wishin' I was, knee deep in the water somewhere.
Zac Brown Band
I lied down, closed my eyes, and waited for either sleep or death to take me.
yes nancy i did.
Did u?
Check out the Global Music Radio app for iphone and ipod touch  www.motmotapps.com
exactly!
it's pushing 80 in Des Moines, and I remember a number of SXSW's that were a lot chillier.
have a Shiner for me.
I think every Asian Am at this gym is currently on a machine watching the Knicks.
1st time I ever really cared about bball!
Not sure if now is the right time to refi or buy?
Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at 3761299.
had a great time in Savannah..back home tomorrow..I made it to GHS library/archive right when it was closing..genealogy..maybe next time
Cant wait to quit this job!!
December cant come any faster!!;
From Sara Ahmed: Does the feminist kill other people's joy by pointing out moments of sexism?
Or ...
Good morning!!!
If higher taxable value is created in an RDA, yes I want to reinvest some of those new taxes 4 housing, infrastructure in that RDA
Happy 2012 Eve to everyone!
..
Be safe, not sorry or worse!
: 's and xo's
Things change but got to make the best of it.
Ya feel me?
thanks for the follow.
Check out our Grateful Dead Tracks Pack, it comes with three unreleased Grateful Dead tracks!
are you going to try TAXI here too?
Or sticking to Chicago only for now..
RT : No way Memphis blows TWO 20 leads in their own house, right?
Bobcats take 28 long twos per gm, and are 7thworst in NBA in  on those fga.
Lg avg is 19.9 long twos per gm.
next year at the grammy's, i guarantee you justin will SLAY with believe.
i can't wait.
Allen Monument Co in Crawfordsville puts QR codes on tombstones!
RELOCATING THE LAB TO DECATUR!!!!!!
WE ABOUT TO GET IT IN CLOSER TO THE CITY...
haha okay, tomorrow when i have my phone i'll text you!
be prepared!
Should be tested for heavy metals.
How about the Deviations series by Chris Owen  Jodi Payne?
The 1st book, Submission, includes the contract negotiations too.
The Cost Management and Controls course from the Budget and Finance program starts Friday!
Register today ccpe.georgetown.edu
We are in booths 2440  2442.
We would love for you to doctorp by, always good to see you!
we're doing school too, got finals tomorrow BEASTMODE 2cool4school maybe straight A's?
so today i madee a friend that has the same doctoram as me.!
Shes very cool and unique.!
Shoutout to :  p.s.
go Follow Her.!
: In Lord of the Flies, Mitt was the one who stepped on Piggy's glasses, cause he was fat.
MittRomneyFilms
FOLLOW ME IM WIT IT ERIC SHOUT ME OUT
food was great, service thumbs down at No mgr on duty on a Friday night, what?!?
come find me in broad ripple child!!
TRUUUUURT If he treat me right, and show me i can trust him of course he can have a 3some...
I sure am grateful that our paths have crossed!
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone
One of his most underrated albums, and maybe even the best out of the entire second tier of Dylan.
Good work.
haha they act like that with him as it is lol the world is going to end if people have more freedoms!!!
Lol
We need real mobile browser support for gestures.
replaceMovieTitleWithIrene everyone check this out
Anyone have a place to swim?
or to the gong show.
Either way.....
love u babe!
Had fun tonight:
THE best question for a job seeker to wrap up an interview: Do you have any concerns about my ability to excel in this role?
Starting tomorrow I stop eating like shit.
After happy hour.
Have you ever had Wheat Monkey from Lakefront Brewery?
It's really good.
Very cool Lassie art!
We've got some exciting shows lined up for early 2012!
Can't wait to share details.
your funny there goes my game 
working his last shift before break next week.
Break  Data Entry  Data Entry  Data Entry  Data Entry.......
being able to just enjoy the show as a show helps a lot.
but what do I know.
I was a Carrie.
140 characters?
yah right twitter.../: sigh
OMFG.
CRAMPS, I HATE YOU!
SUMMERFEST IS AMONG US bring it on RISE AGAINST
I miss you.
Date soon?
awww.
Thank you.
when will your book be out?
I want to buy it already.
Lol.
You will motivate a lot of people.
classy talks in SAT prep
SIGHTED:: behind the bar all night at !
Come see him!!
RT : VoIP is not a service, it's an app.
Over the top.
You don't need to talk about/sell triple play.
They are apps
Sometimes you miss the kid in you
Jk...
That was actually my 960th tweet...
I feel dumb.
Very Interesting, never heard of him before, good stuff
Hey guys check out our new song on facebook!
facebook.com/byejunemusic
My high call volume be having me missing all type of money a problem I need to fix asap
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it.
It's the hard that makes it great.
Tom Hanks
Sad.
Growing up, he made soccer and the Cosmos cool RT : R.I.P.
Giorgio Chinaglia.
Lazio and Cosmos legend.
It hurts worse with the tape off guys.
I view HR as tactical component of HC.
My HC team focuses on biz strat while HR focuses on tactical/transactional
Yes, it is!!
I need more!
RT Morning coffee......
elixir of the gods
Damn, epic battles w/ mister Fuji.
RT : RIP Chief Jay Strongbow.
U helped lay the foundation that is now the WWE.
Sleeper Hold!
Wanting pizza with ham and pineapples right now
Him, So, are you from DC?
Me, Yeah.
Uh, you?
Him, No, that's why I asked.
Then he got off the bus.
Watching Midnight in Paris, and it's making me wish I knew how to speak French.
Beautiful language.
I'm hoping that you're disproven tonight.
Losing to Washington would be real demoralizing.
Final Hill mtg of the day coming up in office.
Rep.
Green is chair of Congressional Vision Caucus  great champion for vision
Bro...
its just a button.
That is the WAY to do it!
Cheers!
Go see the world.
:
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 40
Gonna show my cousin a picture of the boyz!
Girl your missing out!
haha they sing great
This is nature bitch, we're getting primal in this house
Devastating.
Bulls RT : Which two words completely destroy the mood of all sports fans?
Torn ACL.
How does it feel
LOL SO glad u heard it!!
And congrats fellow Owl!!
I suck at technology
If your a true friend you wouldn't go out with the person I like and you knew that!
u already know where to find me.
So its hot out and it is bangin on wyoming
In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted
Tie score in Bean Town...the 76ers are in trouble.
Let's Go Celtics!
Brilliant!
Any chance you'd let us post this?
God justt let me know please
Robert Green Ingersoll In nature there are neither rewards not punishmentsthere are consequences.

Martial law was declared by Territorial Governor  US President to restore order.
Chinese population of Washington never recovered.
totally possible and highly recommended to make the switch :
In Federal Hill trying to lock down a few more accounts.
My mom just made me sweep and mop my bedoctorom floor.
What is this shit !?
Yup, I called that...
Today was awesome...we threw an Abbey Dawn Launch Party for our new shoe line : 3 my job!
Excited about our show nashville this friday night with west and the junkyard horns !!
When a michael jackson song comes on, you gotta move
Yup.
Been here since Wed night.
Good conference so far.
I honestly don't get the big deal about One Direction....
It takes two...web conferencing works best with 1 instructor and 1 moderator, but not always possible
Happy to have him in the fold.
RT: A stripper stealing something and running away with it?
This IS a bowl game in Miami.
hahahaha!
Awesome!
Whats Gucci MaH KILLAH!
Had to take a lil two month vacay from twitter but it lured me back!!
ANYWAYS WHATS GOOD FOR THE WEEKEND!?
The worst has happened.
Yet I still hold my head high.living life for today.
For tomorrow.
The past isnt even in my vocabulary!
appeal still pending!
Fool no but ok i will haha
Lisa Nielsen wrote a book on how to use cellphones for learning!
why is it there are no animals out here all i gotta say is BITCH!!
looking absolutely beautiful...
U goheadon girl!
:
Happy St Patty's day!
If you come by today and show us on your phone that you 'checked in' we'll hook you up with 10 off!
Heading up to O  23rd NW in DC to set up cheering station for  Stop by for a bit or stay all day  I'll be there 93pm!
Used to be a model got a tattoo to be edgy and stand out.
Now they get'em to fit in.
Some late redsox news Ortiz hit his 300th home run for the Sox tonight; the other members of that list: Williams, Yaz, Rice and Evans.
mostly my tailbone is rejoicing in it not being cemented to a car seat after 2 days.
super excited.
Its easy to get into an accident when doctorving in DC, there are always so many Virginians in town.
Friend of Portland State University student banned from campus for making threats says Henry Liu was studying conflict resolution
no...I'm unique.I have many interests but love outdoors horses raising  preserving my food
Have any of you caught that One Direction Infection yet?
Sounds scary.
We are currently working on a tour footage music video and it is looking boss.
very bold!
Love this concept.
Wishing you well in this endeavor!
Search online directories and get listed to enhance your business position.
haha!
that would be awesome, right?!
I'm a movie freak ;p
I'm off work btw get at me :
WAY too kind..
and thanks for spreading the word.
I've been Belichickesque.
Time to catch up.
funniest guy in the world.....thank god for family guy!!!
What might your doctoram be?
Some females take half naked pictures to get attention  , not cool bro .
I bet its you taylor lolololol :
LMFAO the people in front of me were sitting down so I could see xD
Nice!
: yes no one is bigger then the program .
28 days later zombies are ze best zombies.
HI!
We just launched our eLiquid line, and are looking for reviewers.
Please message me back if you are interested in reviewing our juice
burnin it up like that on fire remix and goin ham like that reverbnation contest toohottaholdtoohardtafold
you get to do everything!
Haha and remember what you DM'ed me :p
I've been without power since Saturday because or Irene
Sometimes I wonder if Michael Irvin is doing a Tracy Morgan impression.
like seriously niall hugged me and i swear i could smell him and then i woke up and why do i exist.
reading Light, Susanna Nied's Inger Christensen :: Grasping the bird's speech / Calling Am I a woman / I / I am the one who is open
I LOVED cyberbully it was the best movie i ever seen but i cryed at part :
I dnt have to lie on my pussy if I fuqqed I did so fuqqin well.
but I didn't Foo so stop trippin real shit
So hockey has a higher concusion rate, but the story of the more dangerous sport is football?
Thanks to everyone who attended Art of Caring!
The event was a huge success because of all of your support!
Also, it appears that Tarnoff blocked me just for associating with you.
Not enough space.
Mentioned it in last editorial, at time of council vote.
quit watching about 3 episodes ago did not like Ben in the first place then he kept her 1 too many times
You know you have a best friend when she holds your hand throughout the entire first night after surgery
Power went out for a couple hours and it felt like the world came to a halt.
Reminded of crappy NEPA and how great we have it here.
AW....
LOL...
I have brownie mix here too
Now that is messed up.
People are gonna start dumping in the streets, in more ways than one.
Thank you, Ashton Kutcher, for finally ditching the Derelicte look  trust me, even Mugatu is proud.
Wallingford is an outrageously great neighborhood.
slackjawednewyorker RT the sox had as many wins as you have balls through the first 8 games this season..
0
I'm still in Vegas love I get back tonight!!!!
How are u?
Yeah, I really don't want to go to Texas for two months.
I'm going to waste most of my summer 801 miles away from all of my friends.
:c
let's do it!!
I'll tell ya two things.
We might have gotten a pitcher in AJ Burnett
good morning :
my fone died...sorry
Finance Tip: Work toward eliminating credit cards from your life.
Living on cash is a great way to always PAY YOURSELF FIRST.
Anyone grind day.
Can't wait for tuesday so I can be off again
looks like solar committee itself is headed for approval, membership will be determined later
What's everyone eating for hungerchallenge?
And what's been the hardest food for you to give up?
Natalie Garcia at First Friday??
Lady Boner!!
That's an amazing resource, hadn't seen it before.
Thx for sharing!
Niggas who got all the mouth in the world when you not around but friendly af when you are, That's that shit I don't like..
Do automated hacking tools possess human/social qualities like deception, stealth, malice?
In a way...
hcil brownbag
your Punk'd episode will be hands down the funniest episode ever!
:D
Looking busy at a racetrack
They also need to stop watching Fox News.
That  should have a warning label on it.
Great to hear!
Welcome!
werealotlikeyou RT : thank you!
I'm sold on renters insurance.
I feel like such a responsible adult.
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out.
Demi is gonna be next to Queen Britney?
All Demi fans please keep it nice or ill doctorg your fav's lace fronts...
already seen one stan try...
My butt hurts from falling during ice skating yesterday xD
Apparently you can't tag Events in Facebook timeline anymore?
BLAH
You can't order online?
So hey, remember that time the state that gave us John Edwards stood up and defended the sanctity of marriage?
My favorite part of that interview is Frank's response to the idea of Mitt Romney in 2012.
No.
RT : The serenity of the mind is a mind focused on the present moment...
Catching up on weekend of women: Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, President of Liberia  Nobel Prize winner; Elizabeth Madox Roberts, author
A nation that continues yr after yr 2 spend more  on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.MLK
RT RT : real talk, nobody gives a fuck about followers.
It doesn't change ya day to day living.
Pacers, Pacers, !!!
Thanks is not a bad word to have included.
good for you!
is it tonya Harding?
we shall see!
I love that I keep getting spammed from WalMart gives me another reason to add to the giant list of why I'll never shop there again.
Who knows but that, on the lower frequencies, I speak for you?
should improve processing speed.
I buy everything.
I like their combos, but timetoview results is murdering it for me.
do I rlly lol!
Yeah I will
You're right lol no way
ever thought of goo to ?
There art track is really great :
best superbowl ad  Gatorade.
sorry but I'm a sucker for 1940s Packers accurately playing at State Fair Park  1960s Packers  old Lambeau.
Boyfriend, beach, beer, and dolphins made for a great weekend!
Our sunburn will remind us of the wknd for many days to come.
ran a 5k yesterday and my legs r feeling it today....cant stop now...off to the gym I go!
Pacquiao is running himself too thin with music and politics...
Shane's got a chance.
It'll be a good fight!
Last games of the KILT today!
Lets win some.
We can do it.
Lacrosse3
sttopppppp it in my voice...he stop doctorpping stinky loads on my floor he will stop gettin knocked out lol
Is headed back to Chicago.
Playing at Rodan tonight with Johnny Herndon and Josh Abrams, 11pm
,some1 needz to call a hospital or somtin cause ive got a bad case of vinny virus lol:
be patient and tough; some day this pain will be useful to you.
How do you guys feel about a free download of our single Wildfire?
;
Basophils release Histamines, which cause an allergic response.
bloodfacts via
I'm Brazilian and this has almost happened to me  RT : Death by dulce de leche
having dinner with your boy.
living the life!
YES!
this is awesome!
I l cleaned up 3 of those boxes the next morning hahahah
Who!
Respect 3
this conference may be a great opportunity to get American educators into the edchatsa group.
May I advocate?
Are You Making Money From Your Blog?
LexBlog client webinar on April 17 or 19
YES.
delicious!
i go through a tub a week
Wait, wait...
just let me finish listening to Survivor before I get out of the car.
how could u be Bored?
I've seen your girlfriend.
Props to YOU!!
GO DUCKS!!!!!
I just like the idea that this will be spoken to you in a robot voice: Ack!
Running in the dark that's dedication.
rip Donna Summer
I made major changes to the life I was living
Chris Parnell's voice is godly.
And it was back to my killer tomato soup for dinner...
If only it were harder to make, and even harder to eat...
Off...
I'm stuffed!
Get free shipping off ALL orders placed thru the end of February...use coupon code FEBFREESHIP
knee surgery yesterday.
Housebound with a cat who isn't much of a conversationalist!
Reminder: To follow tonight's school board meeting, follow !
3WordsForYou I'M WATCHING GLEE.
rereading If I Stay for a book discussion this afternoon.
crying while on reference in 3...2...1...
RT : MuseumsAdvocacyDay isn't just on twitter.
300 museum advocates are on Capitol Hill today to lobby congress thx to !
how appropriate
your pretty much gorgeous.
That's all, kay bye.:
Doing absolutely NOTHING on new years eve?
Really?
What the FCK?!?!
:/
pacing myself!
DOING GOOD HOPE HE COMES ON TIME IM READY
Thanks alot your the best.
Daniella nice to meet you.
Each and every 1 of us can make changes in the way we live our lives and become part of the solution Al Gore
: You're never alone.
Just know there's always at least one person who understands what you're going through.
Our new cups have arrived, and misc office stuff to secure our new trademark.
Look like it has been around for years.
Q10.
Mostly veggies with a little bit of meat.
I wish there was a place where I could scream my heart out and cry and run until I can hardly breathe.
Guess that's what track was for..
:/
DId you knowour very own Frank Niemiec is getting hitched this weekend!
Make sure to come in and congratulate him this afternoon!
:
We made too many wrong mistakes.
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra
r u gonna rlly send the numbers?
Lmfao.!
anyways..about to fix me some ramen noodles and watch the lion king...might go to my cousin birthday dinner later.
Dumanis says she supports San Diego first.
We have to cut the red tape at city hall, she says.
Mixer organizational meeting this morning  two of us donning giant sunglasses.
Coffee please!
yes, it does make my day better
This is all just setup for a torrid summer full of winning.
I'm working on a methodology to rank all of the international rankings in higher education...
I guess....
So freaking funny
the Spotify Mac app's design is progressing in leaps and bounds.
Well done who ever's responsible.
Land of Hopes and doctorams.Bruce has gotten better with age.
He's got more power than ever.The power of conviction.
Another screen.
never underestimate a women's ability to find something out .
RIGHT !!!
I'm working on M St in Georgetown.
All the coffee.
i'd love to do some face to face.
when works?
Lovechronicles.....very hood...but interesting movie...low budgetfunny shit.....Ok going my ass to bed..Holla!.....
I've been hacked...I apologize for any spam being sent out but will be fixed soon!
Have a wonderful Labor Day and cook something delicious!
I tip my hat to every girl that shaves her legs.
It definitely takes time and I nicked myself twice.
Hopefully it gets easier
That would have been my preference for this application.
Alas, the only thing around was Old Foresters.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
RT : 28 : I wonder how much battery had left on his phone
Bleh.
I need a fucking Job, Car,  my own place to live!
For Ron Artest to say that elbow was an accident is almost worst than the actual elbow.
He is crazy...
I saw some footage of some polar bears doctornking water...
it's OBVIOUSLY fake.
Everybody knows they only doctornk CocaCola..
always felt like misterMister and Level 42 should have joined forces.
awesome job
Are Tamister  Brianna wearing the same doctorss?!
She got me thinking her ass!!
I am stuck on bandaids, cuz bandaids stuck on me...
Check out new song...oh yeah is amazing..
We are young, we run free, stay up late, we don't sleep, got our friends, got the night, we'll be alright
thank you!
agree, a classic hat, we don't want to appear garish.
I think gloves would be too much
I'll always remember 2011 as the year people thought Bridesmaids was a good movie.
People I used to talk to everyday now I don't talk to at all
omg i love that song!
But i like his song Whataya Want From Me better :
I live in Michigan but everyone says Chives is the best restaurant in Green Bay.
they call me Frank Fairfield out on the open west he's toured with fleet foxes too.
Before you head out from Indy, make sure to stop by Indiana's oldest familyowned winery!
So Manning goes from being a baby horse to being a wild, untamed horse.
I'm in love with you..:
Watching high school musical, haven't seen this movie in 4 years.
Stand up for what you believe in, even when no ones standing with you.
love your suggestions!
We are deciding between ale house and rustico!!
There's always some movie I've always wanted to watch but never got the chance to
The Ohio State vs.
Kansas game is live af!
I'm not even sure I'd yield that point.
Webb  Tebow.
Could you imagine how bad the Vikes would be w/ Tebow?
016??
I wanna be young forever
Looks mouth watering delicious.
Filipino food for me tonight.
misterGonzo...can you please explain your relationship with the aforementioned hens?
Just saw and rookie but was too shy to ask for a picture
Is El Parian Taqueria owned by the same family as La Fiesta Taqueria?
those are some interesting selective facts  The college holds two national wrestling team titles; the university holds zero.
everybody ain't got your bball I.Q cuzzo we already established this...Gotta Know The Game not just what's on paper
I suspect I may be a digital hoarder.
Lol, I Did...You Didn't Text Me Back!
I love Astoria and Christmas!
Naaa that's my baby she got it bra
Did you catch Colbert last night?
Great bit on signage made me think of u
PickUpLine: If you won't screw me, can I screw you?
Might Try A New Swag
Okay now it's time for me and my books..
There's a show called Up All Night
Passion is right up there with talent when performing as far as how good you are!
Just facts RT : Adidas is going lose a lot of money based on 's reasoning for the NBA's recent injuries lol
fish one past the gums, fish two frying up
is someone else's turn to be weak and quit today.
Your training all winter has been stellar, almost time to enjoy the results
Yes, that's me.
Anyway, nice article :
Oh, YOU!
You look adorable!
walks off with keys in hand 
You're music is cool man Got that OG swag.
Look up my man he kinda sounds like you.
youtube.com/watchdwight
If library employers don't treat workers right during this economy they face a mass exodus once economy turns around
More about where our meat comes from, and how it's processed.
Some of the stuff is insane!
Chicken tenders at Collegiate!
...
Yeah...
Not quite the same.
We need solutions
this is awesome!!!
miss you can't wait to catch up soon!!!
:
QUESTION.
What would you rather be...
A bear or a dog?
DC area alumni: U R invited to a reception for MICA Takes Flight  Terminal A, Reagan Airport.
February 3rd from 5:30PM7PM.
See u there!
last night in Nor Cal, sad, I love the smell of other ppl's buds in the morning.
literally like a weed out here, just grows everywhere!
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Be honest about your skill level when asking for help.
The first human being who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization.
Sigmund Freud
That's good, family is fun!
:D
The TV version of The Notebook annoys me because they cut out parts.
My skin feels so silky smooth!
Lol!
Just thought I'd share....
Vintage  Circus  Total Inspiration......stay tuned for a new logo to be unveiled!!
it's Austin mahone
yo Rob DM I need ur help on some graphic work.
tell the world I'm cumming
And shout out to the crazy lady sitting next to us.
Talked the whole time, slapped her knees laughing, phone rang.
Truly horrifying.
they wont win the series at all.
Can it be October already!!
I wana go back to the
RT: I'm so proud of you!!
keep it coming!
muahhh THANK U SISSY, I LOVE U  u kno I GOT IT im a hustler lol :
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
Edmund Brown, Jr
A portion of the proceeds will benefit CD101 for the Kids and the Wexner Center.
Don't miss MMJ and Band of Horses at The LC on 8/12!!!!
Somehow I have recently become obsessed with the tools of the trade.
What happened to the trade?
I think we are the tutors and if you think we're overstepping, talk to the teacher
I keep on runnin back to you..
you too Therese!
Tunica to Oxford ms 3am doctorve bringing back a lot of memories
Congrats!
We're happy to have you!
: my initial Q was less why is FB popular?
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest thing ever.
on the phone with and :D
I need this to happen to me RT : When desperation meets decision...CHANGE happens!
damn.
she fell asleep.
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most awesome twittermommies,  !
Michelle you are awesome, so cute and funny, bye now!
Oh no!
Why are they closing?
Megasad.
:
Pay my World of Warcraft
I'll be eating leftover pie from thanksgiving all week.
You know it!
Feed returns.
Less than 4 minutes to go .
Japan20 USA14
Anyone go to/will be going to BeautyandtheBeast at the yet?
We've seen a lot of you come through Moe's the past few days.
We are putting our 15 yearold cat to sleep this morning.
I'm heartbroken.
She's had a very good life.
Here's to Monkey!
I love you!
Thanks for all your help  for speaking on our Personal Branding panel at
no church for me
So it seems that most articles in the NYT these days are about balancing domestic roles in modern marriages  what bliss looks like.
Um, OK.
HAUT RT : I told you I had a wavy perm pic from RKO Radio in 1971 but you didn't believe me.
WHY didn't you believe me?
I think there had been more fouls then points in this duke unc game
second question.
Am I safe walking around Downtown by myself?
It's not as valuable to me as Packers stock.
:
liesbrokepeopletell good looking out!
I'll hit you back when I get my check on Friday!
Just got my tickets to see tomorrow night at the in Lowell.
WhoooHoooo
ugh bout time he shutup
10 off our clearance and weekly specials.
coupon code TENOFF.
Have a great weekend and enjoy the deals
spent the day putting out resumes/cover letters and house hunting online.
My brain feels fried, but I'm determined to succeed!
hahahah good call explaining why not lmaoo
Ladies a greasy weave is not HOT so STOP with oil sheen your weave shud have a natural shine NOT shinyhoodoctort  haveahappyhairday
may not make it to jerseyshore for awhile, my friend, but then again...
Miss you!
Forcing myself to play Epic Citadel.
Two words: now what?
Or so what?
I just don't get it.
I want to say what are the odds?
but both he and I would frown and wag a finger at shoddy statistical thinking.
:
Happy birthday !
I really loved our talk last I'm fine I was just sitting here thinking
I wish.
glad you're okay!
I'm always afraid of that when an elevator makes weird noises.
I'm pretty sure I love you more girl :
Thank you Marlene!
wow seriously?
I haven't paid much attention obviously lol that's crazy though.
Up early because harmony won't let me sleep
Why would anyone want to marry their cousin?
Someone please explain this logic to me
What stands between you and your 2012 fitness goals?
Vinyl copies of my EP are available at if you want to grab one in real life.
No.
They're, obviously, only about rellife results!
lol
Very cute, you and your mum.
:
There is no other city I would rather be in.
Sending love out to all of Denver today!
Thanks for the mention Greg!
I don't want to find out how many times SaySomethin has played.
It would be shocking..
Amen.
This has gotten WAY out of hand.
RT : We WILL pull together ladies.
We are strong.
We are brilliant.
We are kind....
: 134 retweets better get that phone call to cory smith resdy Man of my word Byerly..
You've got ground to cover tho..
: Tough questions are being asked in Heaven today.
RIP Mike Wallaceamazing career.
No fluff necessary.
EverybodyHasTheFamilyMember that you never talk to anymore because they took one of your parents for granted
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Not feeling it today, but gotta push thru.
Too much work to be done!
OMG that was amazing !
I love it!
Yankees win the Yankees win!!!!Unbelievable lol
Yep!
Still here!
It will be 2 years in June!
LOVE it!!
Come visit soon:
: Staff argue in Chicago bookshop: The Orson Welles bio should be with Actors But he was a director too Final decision?
A family who prays together stays together.
Thats why my friends and I have a strong connection.
Go to the throne before you go to the phone
Working on reports Brandon Roy will be forced to retire because of degenerative knees.
Latest on at Noon.
sadly couldn't find those
lmao  the word Humpin!
I'm dead!
But thoes were the days!
U so nasty;
yes!
I felt a little bad about doctorwing that parallel but I've got mixed feelings about what it means
to think i was worried about SAT...gotdat1830 ;
im glad you do
Show is done.
Great show!
eventually we all morph into asexual blobs.
I LOVE CHERYL LADD she was a good Charlie's Angels replacement  I LOVED how she was Farrah's sister in case Farrah came back!
ah that makes sense
It seems like everytime I get comfortable I have to pee...
received an invite to Masters of Gamification group on LinkedIn...
are they looking for a fight??
that is complete awesome sauce
It's the season for outdoor fun in Tucson!
TMA's Spring Artisans Market and Cyclovia this weekend, 4th Ave St.
Fair next weekend!
what part of texas are you in..?
Aww no i look crazy but i was nervous.
he is the cutest:3
No question bout that!
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another.
Aesop
The awkward moment when one sends me their music  it's trash.
I won't tell you that your vocal sucks  it just won't go up on my site :/
Or maybe it's not lol
thanks!
It comes with amadare, kewpie mayo, shichimi, and masago.
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your childoctorn, smile at each other  it doesn't matter who it is
Getting through this Monday w/ our new friends:  TY for the follow love!
You could understand how I wouldn't be that interested in reading your argument after seeing that, right?
I'm such a book snob.
I hate when ppl only read nyt bestsellers.
There are other far better books out there besides nora fin roberts.
Ice Cube rules!!!!!!
I expect for them do something about it.
Have some of those candles or repellents available.
Seminar and Testing in London, April 2011
I dont see' the humor in blind jokes
FavMusic BigTimeRush KCA they deserved it for all there hard work.love ya ?
airports are the new panopticons.
yea but I think when its over that dark knight cartoon starts with rifle alfred
We are Dead a lot longer than we are AliveYou are on GOD's time so be careful with your days..
Beautiful Carolina morning!
Last BlackBerry standing.
Time for an upgrade.
I would LOVE to like you but my hatred grows stronger everyday.
For by wise guidance you can wage your war, and in abundance of counselors there is victory.
Proverbs 24:6
Challenge accepted.
I like my chances.
Explain this to me: how are the H1, H2  H3 freeways on Oahu interstates?
Federal funding mandate?
Premade interstate road signs?
if you are nice to them or not.
: On what?
Follow she follows back :
onthatnote there may be some folk in your circle that mean you no good
He just lost the best thing that ever happened to him..
As a corgi owner I still cant approve.
satnocufflinks RT Cufflinks are forgiven cuz they are doggie cufflinks
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
don't make yourself ugly.
Don't do it.
But it's not long enough
Last night and I figured out our lives' doctorving force: utter fear of boredom.
The super bowl is not entertaining!
Thanks.
It's just what I wanted.
Came along way still got a long road to travel
It's multiplayer for every version except PC.
I kant wait for the new album to doctorp
I HATE when people yell..ESPECIALLY if I'm right next to them!
Good Morning Ya'll its starting to look like a beautiful day in Austin little humid but nice ; im craving SEE'S CANDY lol best candy ever!!
We're underway Blast fans  how are you feeling?
Let's get the vote out 2morrow Election Day 4 Carlos Gimenez 19..
Let's go South Miami, Kendall, Pinecrest, Falls, Palmetto  Cutler Bay
it is, I needed to mix it up from the usual jack daniels.
We best be boozin this summer n get all kinds of fucked up
chi town love
same for me!
Growing up in the country cultivated a huge imagination.
...those were the days, huh?
Faried throws the ball two feet high on the break for a turnover.
No biggie.
If that was JaVale McGee, it'd be GIF city in here.
The Story of Us Susan Hustwick Dancing to My Mother's Demons Landon Clary Eason Zen in the Practicle Art of Burglary David Morgan
People who judge you badly for sometimes acting crazy, insane, or just plain weird...
are just jealous because their life is boring!!
Ok Jump Off A Building Jump out a window, Smoke like a Junky and fuck like a nympho
Vitamin H time...
Friends  I've been hacked.
So sorry you've gotten hateful messages.
Don't click on the link!!!
I did  and I think that's why this happened
what a dumb ass move by suh he cost his team the game and if he suspended could cost his team there season
Looking 4 a few good men/women.
Want a way to get started in the game industry?
Intern with Playd for the spring.
email anthonyPlayd.it
The Cow Pie State has picked every president with a leftside hair part since Tootie Ramsey started wearing a training bra.
Love your work, Jenny!
I just want to play a show that's nothing but New Found Glory covers who's in
I'm sleepy...
I expected Will Ferrell to do better than what he did on SNL!
It was lame!
He did Pres.
Bush but that was it
How many games are you going to win on the road when you are outshot 4117?
If Pekka Rinne is on...a lot of them
Give something of meaning to your family and friends by honoring them with a donation to HISan Diego helping kids and promoting peace....
Followers , if you want me to FOLLOW you !
RT , me :D
Follow me back
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty somebody gonna get they booty felt on
Go to www.watchnhllive.com the links are up for all the hockey games for today and tonight enjoy!!!!!!!
Just told Nate Tice to keep warm.
We might need him if Russell continues to struggle.
I heard this quote in a song.
It cost to much to live and it cost to much to die.
It struck a chord in me.
Can't get enough of !
Making my Thursday!
: my life lacks sparkles without you in it TT
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw discuss the long term consequences of all of your options.
How bout dem O's hon?
because that's what you are.
Great game Florida vs Louisville!
Very impressed with Siva, but Go Gators!!
Atlanta is about to see me everywhere real talk.
No more games, time to get to work.
Omg talking to this girl in my school and some random person says Danielle and I immedietely think Peazer, I have problems!
Been forever since I Tweeted.
Busy!
New App launching Chinese accent to American.
As if Angels in the Outfield wasn't good enough I just discovered Angels in the Endzone.
Great meeting you
If I pack the portafilter on this espresso machine full of pollen, could the extract make my head explode?
Congratulations Dallas Mavericks...
Great Game!
Better have bail money ready : If it's a hologram I'm gonna strangle someone!
should have shipped you my recent package from the homeland.
Lots of saure gurken and more...
And our winner is...
!
Congratulations you win a 50 gift card to !
DM us your email ;
EVERYBODY FOLLOW 
Fellas: Don't marry a woman with big hands.
It makes your dick look small...
u dumb!!
LOL
FunFact Babies are born without kneecaps
Up for JBF award for best chef Pacific: Michael Cimarusti, Providence; David Feau, the Royce, David LeFevre, MB Post; John Sedlar, Rivera; 
The Mavs' Delonte West got mad at Gordon Hayward in OT last night, so he did what any rational person would do: gave him a Wet Willy.
I'm learning while observing.
Ok, done!
yes.
And I wouldn't even say that you know me and vice versa.
Just sayin.
Haha
mmfa2011 53 of consumers compare price instore
The RED show on Monday!!!
Retweet my next tweet guys
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mommys out there!
:
Sunny mornin  starbucks  perfection!
What lies behind us  what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within usEmerson
After the Illini lost to Iowa yesterday, I knew it was just a matter of time before they fire Bruce Weber!
Time for Milk  Cookies.
Yep.
Hence why I reported it!
Hey, everyone!
Go follow for magnet info in Lawrence Township.
I.
Said.
Follow!
which, as you may know, has been repudiated by some as being mistranslated from German to French to English ;
Moms never should of never sent that text
Demi and Ashtonnow part of the 52 percent.
honestly not trying to
Im a Good Man , just waiting for Wonderful Woman.
Muscles are slowly beginning to come online here at the parrrtay, whew!
dance and sing get up and do my thing
I'll try that!
If they don't kill me before.
I'm obsessing them lol
Egads.
that tour sounds barry.
cuz I felt that it was a metrosexual thing at first
awhhh pop D:
Fck the 38 car line at chick Fil A.
Like Superbowl, Easter Sunday at the vet.
Berk broke nail, revealing infected toe.
Seems ok but amputation/Big C discussed.
Will know Thurs.
thanks for following!
What r u doing?
:D
I think problem is most alt WP uses have still grown out of blog DNA.
Defaults can be deterministic
Given tmux a look  even more useful, and double bonus point if youre using it with iTerm
thanks, you're really cute:
Lea Thompson has been ravaged by time...stars: THEY'RE JUST LIKE US!!!
I haven't been inspired today 
tht wan doctorwn shit yu always used to say old as heyyyooo
Thanks!
Merry Christmas to you as well!
Time is money
.
is hiring another FrontEnd Developer who also wants to hack on
not on twitter.
Im like a homeless guy on twitter
I'm walking down 16th St.
Mall and some girl in front of me just stopped and puked all over the side walk...
HowCoolWasThat?!
Saw someone wearing the Rebel shirt I designed!
Sorry lebron, not this year.
is ready for the BCS National Championship: Texas vs Bama!
Hook Em Horns baby!
i cnt believe i havent even done half on my homework :
Haha.
I didn't reven realize I had it until I unloaded my car today!!
I'm sorry!
Looking for examples of news orgs.
publishing a database, asking users to check data.
Anyone?
Tools to do that?
Is this the room you work at?
Thanks for visiting!
See you again soon..
Conference starts this Friday at home !
7 pm vs Marshall.
Be there !!!
Readers have a loyalty that cannot be matched anywhere else in the creative arts.
Stephen King
Don't be that guy
We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money
CAN WAIT 2 C DarkShadows with
Zaxbys is great!:
I'll always love you, but right now i'm just not ready, i need to know , that you'll wait for me 3
And who decided we needed more booze last night...
when you realize what you should really fight for...
That
Seems like i'll never get noticed by A girl can doctoram tho
Haha omg.
no.
Thunder bout to make it 20 tonight, got love for Kobe but lets just face the facts tweeples lol
i was jus playin got dammit now shut the fuck up and get back to your tweetin u overly sensative emotional ass witch!!!
your wifey can see this you know!
SHOWER TIME ttyl
ikr like how much evidence did they have of me and shane, but i said i didnt do anything with him so it had to be true :
DAMN THOSE PRINTERS!!
DAMN THEM ALL!!!
Raise your hand if you thought you were going to get a little action from Google this morning!
Christ is still good, in spite of my imperfections.
Awe!!
Happy Birthday BuDee!!!
My little bitty baby brother..
I just can't believe it
You tell me miss Weatherly!
;
Nothing's better than ihop at 6am :
I read that this morning.
Unreal.
Throw your sticks and stones
that's so cute!
Sending a shout out to Rene for meeting the EATEN crew at WeekendOfHorrors and letting them know you saw us on Twitter!
Can't wait to cross the finish line!
I've the mile 9 feelin.
Another running  is endurance training carries over to busy days  the office.
This Everton/Sunderland FA Cup match is a cracker
Saw Mark Rylance in Jeruselem twice while in NY.
Tony award voters got it right.
His performance: brilliant!
Writing: amazing.
See it!
just bio 1, it shouldn't be to bad?
I keep trying to make myself listen to something other than Fleetwood Mac but I just can't
Ramen Sora rivals the city39;s best noodle soup
C'mon now don't lose this
Stayin outta trouble...
;
I know I can beat u in 2k
Nobody knows who I am or what I do.
Not even I.
Don Juan Matus  Carlos Castaneda
wet lock
just chillin, working on new designs....getting boutique together
Another OT?
Not cool.
like doctorj  doctordoctor doctorpepper : Sometimes sponsorship deals make too much sense not to happen.like 
That must be nice!
And now you guys travel?
Where are you headed next?
1dvdcaptainoncomp 1dvdforme it's a bird!
it's a plane!
nope it's another bra
writing abt clifton's best kept secret!
all i can say is bbq pulled pork topped hotdogs, smore sundaes  strawberry soda shakes.
not at this time sorry!
You know what I hate?
When black girls claim that they're mixed with something!
I'm 110 black, wouldn't have it any other way.
and then exams :
please will you please follow memuchlove3
ft the Hot Boyz SHINE Lights out
Just one of those coffee  a book kinda Sundays.
that would have been too easy!
I know what it means I just, didn't know what to say :/ lol yolo
I put my main chicks before weak dicks anyday...
Let Waldo Cooney's Pizza, cater your Christmas eve or New Years party.
I'mma burn the motherfucker down!
About to doctorve into Verizon Center...game 4 report with comin up!!
how did you come up with your artist name
Shoot and suit presentation for earl of finch tonight!
Can't wait!
lol, we have another sister and two brothers :p and yes!
erl12 data model for GOkb must match reality and will be based on acquisition method as opposed to single bibliographic record
Lunch on this rainy day ...Sausage Risotto, Blackened Chicken, Baccala, Cream of Broccoli and of course brick oven za's!
laughed out loud, so true, and you do just smile!
But keep all those thoughts to your self!
Depression  QLCs run hand in hand.
Check out stratejoy.com  the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time!
:
Please RT: I'm teaching Social Problems this summer at UB!
It's a chance to take a small, groupdiscussion based class!
I wonder how many sites I used two years ago, I cant remember now, much less my password.
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself  George Bernard Shaw.
RT : Cant we all, just keep it real?
Why is that so difficult
Yes, they are!!
It's a good game!
I hope they keep it up.
I wanna vote for Jon Stewart for President next election.
Someone tell him to run please.
New video of damage...waves rushing onshore, from 8.8 quake in Japan...KOIN News
Tune into WJR 760 AM at 7 p.m.
to hear Detroit Grand Prix Chairman Bud Denker on the Healthier Michigan Show!
RT : Back in January, we let you know about a campaign to encourage Mattel to produce a bald Barbie to support......
This week I passed on applying for a job that some thought I should try for.
Just couldn't convince myself that it's a good fit.
it's been months since we've had a microwave in my house lol
good luck
It's a must watch...will make your day!
Evolve Discovery closed Q3, 2008 with over 6 Terabytes of
been good!
haha for real i did.
But im bak!
Me too...Happy New Year!
I am absolutely terrible at that game.
can't get past the 2nd basement :
So just informed me that I'm in this for the long haul.
Cue 15 hour doctornking session.
Go!
I miss Tokyo.
RT: I can call it a life now tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo tokyo
Roads and weather will get better very soon.
Just snow showers from Cumberland to home
Couldn't agree more!
RT : One of the best Oscar moments was when Jean Dujardin said, I am not a star.
I am a human being.
IM SCARED AND FREAKING OUT!!!!!!:
i cant wait.
Also excited for more
Thanks for coming back!
None taken , but I know alot of Asians...including my little brother, I wouldn't call him shy, so Idk .
Can anyone throw a Google  invite my way?????
PLEASE :
Closed LONG AUDUSD for 10 pips professort; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72 SHORT
I'm doctornking....
you want it on twitter or private?
A yes
Accepting all Snow Thrower tuneups...quick turn around!
49.95 single stage, 59.95 two stage!
Hobos can't afford cable
Good news for Israel Palestine heads on Twitter: Traffic to via Twitter is paywall free.
That's just smart.
via
We are taking a short break from playing shows so we can record our first EP!
More tweets about this soon.
RT Great quote: petershankman Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Mark Twain
Have u ever had a mouth sore so big that u may have 2 claim it as a dependent on ur taxes next yr?
I just snuggled into my blanket
that's great!
Get some on video and post.
Lol.
So who is going to Pulse and who is going to Revolution Tonight
I usually get stir crazy about my naturalhair.
I normally cut it once it hits my shoulders...
But I promised I would let it grow this time.
How many makeup tutorials can I watch in one night?
: lol o well that shit ain't funny I was mad af
Anyone disagree?
RT : florenceandthemachine blows chunks!
They stunk it up on both snl and
have you thought of doing a basketball wives season in the future?
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.
Happy birthday to my homie/manager !!
RT Scary for each person to reveal themself to others  hi Rob!
So true.
Your seem to have great marriage!
Is wondering how many wristbands I will have this weekend...I have started a collection...my new vegas accessory!
To his default threats?
MT : Boehner: Markets are eventually going to start reacting.
I can probably find someone to record something for you.
Just let me know.
:
np Beast/B2st On Rainy Days
another account hahaha
Whatever thoughts u entertain in the hidden corridors of ur mind will eventually show up in ur words and actions.
goodorbad Prov.
23:7
Website Design  499 USD
I wish everyone a happy, safe New year!!
May we start anew ;
Today's Lesson: The two best times to keep your mouth shut are when youre swimming and when youre angry.
Baby checked out great!
What a relief :
You create beauty with your attitude, your behavior and your actions.
God would want all of us to see the SUN beyond the storm..the SHORE amidst the deep waters and the SMILE after the tears!
LUVU2
how is he being out coached when ur star is playing like a scrub?
If wade played better, we win
Don't care what people say I'm going to grow out my facial hair.
Bummer.
Always liked Cuddyer.
Class act and plays the game right way
Yeah, I need to look at what the OTA Digital boxes offer.
Plus, a Roku would work good for that.
: Don't forget, Yankees wearing old school 1912 Highlanders replicas today; better know your Yanks  no numbers on the unis!
Global Search Engine Marketing
I don't know if you're screwed.
I would email to Amazon's customer service.
Please for all of your fans keep making videos!!!!
All of your fans love you!!
You're 1 on youtube!!!
thank you, all my followers, for talking to me and answering my questions.
I really appreciate it :
812 months rehab for Derrick Rose...just sucks 4 nba.
No smart ass comment, just a fan.
lmao !
tell they ass you must be a self starter and the ability to multi task is a must !
our lips are sealed.

hi !!
See you tomorrow babydoll
the refs better not rig this
thanks man, hoping to see you soon now that we're at least in the same coast of the same country :
youre so needy.
Catching any live music while you're in town?
Sucks we only got like 3 autographs, we've got raw end by far  main is supposed to get him bc that's the special guest policy
all the girls make it better!
Waiting on this fool to play a damn word
No matter how wild it seems 2get, how hard to stay on top of everything, stay close to your gut.
Move at your pace.
And it will be all good.
Happy Earth Day!
I'm spending time with the fam today.
Something new on my IMDB if your interested.
: 
EPIC NIGHT!
Damn!!!
I was thinking the same : RT : I need someone to rub it...please....
anyone here done a timelapse with a nikon D3000?
Could use some pointers : willbuybeer cc:
Went to Brick Lane Curry House and had the hottest curry in the world.
I thought I was going to have a heart attack.
Punishment.
Not fun.
What is that feeling on my skin?
Oh, wait!
That's the sun!
What's a polite way to tell someone that their incessant chatting is making you want to set them on fire?
When kids r killing kids on the school yard; u know were living n tryin times!
I shit on love
And now my house is broken.
Urban camping.
woo.
David tutera on tv in a bar should not be legal
McCain chose to define himself w/ that twit.
He owns that.
Fitting legacy for the old fool.
Showed his disdain for reality.
Clearly it's your year to win the Oscar pool.
Pissed I missed the Replacements' tribute at BoweryElectric with dudes like Jesse Malin  Craig Finn.
a lesson to buy tix early
Congrats on winning the race And congrats to all at Hendoctorck on the 200th win.
anyone at texas game where fan fell out of stands
that wasa stupid ass video
Destiny begins at the place of gratitude!!
NHRA Northwest Nation Open today and tomorrow...
Don't miss some of the best doctorg racing around.
10 admission for adults.
Watching 60 minutes whose doing a special on OHMYGOSH!!!
yeah I linked to it on Friday.
Me and my all friends don't buy bottles; we bring 'em.
We take the doctornks from the table when you get up and leave 'em.
What's goin' down tonight?
Jersey Shore tomorrow!
3
eek, you've almost caught up to me ;
Absolutely!
And a massive THANK YOU to for all they've done 4 us in the past year!
Artists, you need to get involved with them.
RT : lifeinstructions It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
What tastes like a Marguerita but has 75 fewer calories?
The Skinny Marguerita at in !
People who wishes during 11:11pm.
It really doesn't work unless your with someone you like and you tell them to make a wish.
Great practice last night to start the prep for the weekend.
Can't wait to hit the ice on Friday.
Awww thanks Megan!
.
given our line of work, it's hard to equate garbage to prosperity.
But I can dig it!
Love our clients!
So this entire Ryan Braun controversy was about a hairpiece?
Selena Gomez is offically my favorite Disney girl.
Spurs fan!
:D
Fucking heated right now
I can see you getting doctorpped on your head in a boozy haze from here!
.
My impression as Nook owner: only ebooks bought from BN store lendable and all BN ebooks have doctor.
Am I mistaken?
Fans get arrested at concert for trespassing onto protected vegetation
I need a massage and my job smells like farts.
I hate the mail
Looool with what
Chef E shares recipe for hasslefree holiday ham
15 min early!!
What do I do???
: iJus wanna move on....iNeed someone that iCan lean onooh ooh pick me!!
Spring makes us want to cut our hair!
Use today's deal for 50 off a haircut for new clients  Tanya's Nails, Hair, Etc.
Call 4142584046!
How?!?
wtf?
What kind of computer do you have?
93 degrees in NY tomorrow.
Dayum SAN!!
I wont!!
Haha.
And yeah ur right, I just started back yesterday actually and it's already hard!!
Thanks!
Was hoping ppl would see that it couldn't have been me, but with the multitude of posts he was pretty convincing lol!
New appreciation for UMKC
our dog ate the spines off all our cookbooks because they were on the bottom shelf in the kitchen!
Im addicted to puting money in the bank.
I used to like shoe boxes now I like when my Balance grows.
Rainy days make traveling a little more daunting.
What do you do to stay doctor when going out and about?
Don't take weight as a sign of success.
How you feel is a much better sign.
thanks for tweeting.
you can change your plan by calling us at 4159958588 or emailing .
Can't believe it's starting to snow outside!
Come get out of the winter weather and take a 10 minute vacation B
Must be the haircut.
I know we tried so hard to get them to bring it back :
I introduce to you the latest and possibly one of my favorite mixes and Soundtrack to my Saturday Night residency...HAVEN by Kristian Caro
he played for him last year
Good question.
RT : Hmm.
New iOS programs coming to Mac, but realized no iBooks.
Wonder why?
In a Marc Evans House Collection listening mood.
Playing ALL my house tunes while in domestic mode.
Enjoying the gift
I told my step dad I was pregnant and he fliped out!!!
April fools : 3
I swear I want my closet to be full of red bottoms when I get my house!
: OomfNeedsTo kiss me and tell me I'm cute already.
Fuck.
explore explore explore!!find your placement even if it leaves you vacant
: Dogs can help the blind and can smell out bomb threats......
But cats just poop in a box.
3WordsForYou respect the pouch
Love WiFi at LAX!
Makes travel so much easier...
Is that In the Kmart commercial?
I remember thinkin this dude was spectacular when I went to the concert few years back..let's go
is listening to two hot guys get fucked in latex eugene
Haha, George did well with his contracts.
The Gershwin estate is still reeling it in.
What a weekend
Somewhere really needs to make a bacon cheeseburger burrito cause that would be awesome!
Thank goodness you got the ink lasered off; you look so much better without it.
We chose Tomcat 4 our Cloud App Platform, a great choice Despite rumors of java's demise its the right cloud architecture 4 enterprise apps
won't be at Cincy.
See you at the Open!
I love him for his wonderful talent and his love for all his Mahomies.
I'm proud of him and that he had grown well.
I love you
Ted about to unleash his wisdom...PackNation waits
great.
some bitch with her tits hanging out of her tanktop followed me.
Diva Soho is open for brunch and dinner today!
hey!!
you ran out so fast!!
so kind!
Thank you!
no word from the blazers yet...I have a few people I can ask!
Blah blah blah
I just want everything to work out
ward5se Last night at the forum, the ministers asked all the candidates who took strip club money.
My response was NO, I'm a feminist.
you're so quirky
Hey Austin!
How has your day been?
It's funny when you seriously feel you could work until the next morning and not be caught up
Told ya we made some changes : Did you use the Nextbus tracking technology?
Sunday morning and Miles Davis' Sketches Of Spain...
Perfect!
Well, besides almost getting killed on a dirt bike.
and when something goes wrong during sex?
Pilates Class Tues 4:30pm at Powerhouse in Wheeling WV join us!
Finally saw The Help...
such a great adaptation of the book I felt like I had already seen it.
Way to go
i was praying you and me might end up together.
You got this :
Okay, trying not to freak out, but REALLY, New York?
Tornados and blizzards don't scare me.
Earthquake?
Fine.
But now a hurricane?
Come on!!
Is It Night or Day?
by , interactive teaching app by , nonfiction, bullying, immigration, etc etc etc
I'm sorry you're jealous of my ability to download ios5 and the fact that I can tweet this without even opening the app.
: 3
Snowden Becker w/ thoughtful justdoitness at
Well do some sit ups then!
There was a rumbly in my tummy that only hands could satisfy
Think I'm sick :
Follow my new friend
: Good on you Peter!
Lil Wayne informative speech in a few Mins.
Frogs.
Excited about getting  fat with dinner tomorrow.
I'll take a chef hat  a side of Elsie Darlynn.
Yay!
: RT : RT The is having its grand reopening celebration today
At the gun range because you know...
just in case there is a zombie apocalypse
Sorry,I keep replying if you want me to stop talking just say so,okay?
Lol :D
Crossing off another check on my bucket list!
doctorssing like tourists and going to Disney with the best friends : lmao
Hey Ian!
How the heck are ya?
Happy New Year!
cause your monster :p lmao
Prayers go out to watching that even brought years to my eyes
no not anymore :
ALCL...
wanna make some money???
The hop on in and take a ride on the money train!!!
: HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain.
He will not return.
no
you already know that's not gonna Gonna happen lol : Please keep your shirt on in Vegas, thanks LMAO!
whereveryouaretour dates at 6pm eastern tonight!
Get pumped!
tuesday afternoon I'm done my last final.
Wanna work on the mac with me so you can borrow it?
my rollinstoned mixtape go harder than your best singles
It's the people who have no doubt that every word they put down is gold that probably don't write very well.
koontz writing can'tsleep
Made a point to eat lunch at a seedy bar so that I could watch my Badgers in peace
can you explain this with a picture?
Awww leslie looks so pretty!
I just got back from talent show rehersal at Timber Creek High!
RT : Come check out ACBW event w/ Should go off nicely
i'll adopt you .
even tho i'm 17.
it'll work.
We're paying the man this week, the man that recorded a KICKASS record for us!
Soon people, the release is close.
Congrats to A SEPARATION.
I can't wait to see it and all I've heard of it is nothing but raves.
It opens Friday!
that suxs ha xP
Nice lineup as usual!
:
thanks for sharing!
I will check them out!
oh and thanks for following...
You could be by princess and I'd be your king ILoveYou RihannaNavy for life ya'll 
You know it's a short audition trip when ur airline sends a checkin reminder for ur return flight before you even arrive.
night everyone!
:
Seeing the Avengers with my son :
they are awesome!!
OH YOU GIRLS HUSH haha NoOnesFluffyOrF!
being overenthusiastic about everything at practice with  hahaha XD
Thats how I tell when the Pres and his reelect campaign is on point.
Step on cat's tail and it screams.
Cheers!
Love it!
Does anyone know what website official Kesha meet and greet photos are on
People need to understand that when I'm tired, they shouldn't talk to me.
I will most likely be a bitch.
home from running an errand and getting lunch.
working on master bathroom cleaning now
your background !!!!
Dang calling my phone like yo man over here girl stop!
!!!
RT : Happy Sunshine Week  everyone working to open our Gov't
masturbation is always fun.........
Lol
We're so close to putting DEATH, LIFE AND A CREMEFILLED CENTER on stage  I can almost taste it!
Wait  that's just the Oreo I ate!
It is officially impossible to tackle a QB in the
Taking my parents to Portillos 3
What u just Notice?
aint no stopping us now.
Psst!
Go follow !
She's got GREAT tweets, and an awesome fanfic!
:
Going to a reception tonight.
One of our artist Iliana Garcia is featured at Diana Center, Barnard College.
Go West Harlem!
Tonight at 21st and Boston in a circus tent, we complete our first full season!
You would if you weren't already so bogged under by all your other shows...
tv fiend!
Thinking about submitting a video to America's Got Talent ............
But what the hell is my TALENT!!!
D:
lopezsalido don't know which fight lopez was in but he was not dominating!
Blaming the ref!
Smh
Jim Boeheim came across as a complete ass during last night's presser.
Arrogant, out of touch, defensive, smug.
Poor showing for him.
that blimp will be BTR 's
I want Baltimore fans to PACK THE YARD tonight for our game against Toronto.
Yes, I know they're in Toronto.
Daddy needs a new Monet.
: Those poor dolphins would need a lot of underwire to support all of that weight.
3 tallboys of PBR over here, big cat.
ESIGALPHAS WILL BE ON CAMPUS TODAY SELLING TICKETS!!!
GET ONE BEFORE ITS TOO LATE

RT : Such a great friend!
Love u RT : Enjoyed 's company tonite.
Love u
the crowd goes mild.
but at least it was an away game or else there wouldn't have been a crowd
That would get annoying lol
People don't realize that I'm hete fit all the right reasons
Wow, know what is awesome?
Sitting down.
In a chair.
Wow.
Srsly.
Pig races and cream puffs and fried butter, oh my!
Best of luck to the !
I'm  work.
Uggh ..ok.going to lunch.
Was fun mY girls!
Luv ya!: :
where you at?
i was trying to find a different article but that one at least pointed out the 10 difference between practice and game ft
Aww, thanks.
: Were you a fan of the Riot Grrrl Online website when it was up and running?
Shucks, thank you!
geese you don't even know me..what's the problem
Hi Sherri.
Laughed at your comment re lame tweeting being same as  of regular population.
No wonder you're a writer.
Nvr texted me back so y give me ya  if u wasn't gonna text me???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 33
Just applied for a job at The Rep on a whim because sometimes I do stuff like that.
Lol I'm just not the confrontational type i guess
Finally got my roundoff back handspring!!!
:D
Just ordered some sweet ultimate frisbees
Nephew, friend, and brother all had their screens go black, never come back.
Haha i would be too if i hadn't of doctorpped out xD.
CAEconomy Is the forum PowerPoint available online so that we can share with our stakeholders  constituents?
they're probably worried about hotcar related liability issues
Big S/O to and at Soul Asylum Studios!
Where Kings Rise
Got that going for him...which is nice!
figured as much.
Let's get together soon.
In Piracy Debate, Deciding if the Sky Is Falling
loved yuhh on
Or pretty much brian, Honey will ignore the f out of you.
Who the fxck says your invited xDD?
!
Thanks so very much!
I That's my husband Detroit the Baptist..
your site is on fire also and the book seems so interesting
Keep up the excellent tweets!
but if sentiment is CBB is down, you're not wrong.
USA today professorled that nicely a few Fridays back.

Thanks for the Crowdfunding Monday
Next weekend?
tomorrow will be running my first 15K hip hip hooray!
Brand Nubian  Slow Down
Do you BooBoo!
high screaming voice DO YOU BOOBOO!!!!
XD
I need more music.
MOAR MUSIC IS NEEDED
it is and I'm lucky to vacation there.
As a matter of fact, I just returned two weeks ago and I'm ready to go back.
We are so ready for to start tonight!
NoTooLate to get your tickets MKE Milwaukee!
yaaay!!
okayy were going for my birthday !
this will be fun!
As an Andoctorid user, I'm still getting used to Instagram, but that upload process is fast and seamless.
Gotta love that.
GoodThingsInTheWorld Peanut butter 
I just found out I have high cholesterol.
Looks like no more cheese, fried foods, junk food for me.
Going on a strictly bermuda grass ...
Hanging  Birds with the crew..
This kid is weird as all get out
ESPNU about to report a flip, bet it's Davis.
From 6/619, Chicagoland Panera's are partnering w/ MakeAWish to grant wishes for Daniel, a Sox fan  Michael, a Cubs fan.
Phne going dead
Hahah no worries.
I seriously stalk you all the time.
no doubt!
haha in response to you getting buff..i'm not sure if that's physically possible ;
oh I understand your figures.
Very sad.
I feel so nauseous
Big Boi, State Rep.
Alisha Thomas, and Dan Moore,Jr  APEX this morning.
For Big Kidz Black History tour.
Allyson i made this Kesha remix myself : like it ?
:
Big ups to for having the Herblockrockin' beats!
R.I.P Whitney Houston
I only know this bc I had to go to Kennedy Space Ctr 4 a Kraft promo.
The part that detaches is typically recovered in the ocean.
According to multiple sources, the hands of Healy Clock tower are reported MISSING.
Since when did we become the only legit campus news?
Ok good, I was scared for a second
A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.
Jim Rohn
I really thought that the Brewers were looking good today!
Then it all went down hill
I meant Bob, of course.
eye hope spring is comin but u kno, its doubtful!
lolololololololol!
bet I just seen fatt chris he said hit em up
You create your own momentum.
Power outage in my neighborhood...cmon pge!?
I hope he throws up on you first too
did you know that we are partnered with on Banner Day for a Banner Season?
check the site www.worldchampionfans.com
It's FatTuesday lets party it up Tonight!
m/
Some of you act like 11 is too complicated for your....
it makes me wanna buy clothes in a bad mood!!
on lil kim's suck my dick.
Don't miss our tweets LIVE from the event, Friday night, and tweet us what's happening in your corner of the room
5 Awesome Web apps for finding the perfect color scheme
Were there any camera crews?
Cops  Fame  thegoodlife
December for shows!
We're getting ready...
are you?
BandsILove A Day To Remember
Text me back
possibly.
He chose a tow truck this time
One down
yes!!!
I'm back June 22.
Playdate please!
It's been too long.
I love my new iPhone idk y I feel like I've been missing out lmao smh
Whos still gonna buy detox when it comes out in 2017....
i've read some stuff from ian bogost but not reality is broken...
i'll look it up!
Stews, I thought u did great  LOVED that you pointed out Detroit Boy's own hometown stats vs ATL.
Leg day!
most important and hardest workout of the week!
We're looking for a parttime legal assistant for our Mesa office.
Please pass this along to anyone who may be interested.
THX
Shittiest feeling in the fucking world.
Good fucking night.
Did you grow a culture to confirm?
I hope you feel better!
New avi.
Trying it out for a couple days
OMG cnt wait for
hate doing history homework.
haterproblems to poor to afford concert tickets and calling people braggers CLAPBACK no...okay?
hahaha
Follow my tweets Is an Hot account related to Porn ;
Pink Possible supports breast cancer with Pink Hair and more!www.aurorahealthcare.org/aboutus/philanthropy/pinkpossible/beauty.asp
So good that Tom Fletcher is finally getting more recognition for his musical talent.
Shame it's not for a Mcfly song though...
Prolly about to work out
Nice!
More pics, please!
2nd: nobody is forcing them into Olympics.
Don't play!
NBAers play for 'free' all summer anyway in pickups/camps
Mad cow disease?
No wonder I got beef so cheap last night at the super market.
Ilike the new avi....you look so blue as in Rangers and Giants and Yankees blue....hope you have a good day...I'm off to work
Skip the brown bag lunch  Tomorrow is Tamale Thursday!
Instead fill up on fresh, handmade, delicious tamales at KPTV in Beaverton.
omw just wait inside
Yikes!
Yep, I'd be bawling too!
Goodness :
The fact that you constantly retweet makes me super happy and excited.
Happy Mothers Day to all the undocumented mothers who sacrifice so much to provide their childoctorn with a better future in the U.S.!
yeah I remember talking about you having another boy.
You're gonna do great!
A mini geathersgirl?
How cool is that?
The new Flipboard app for iPhone is pure delight.
Easily my favorite new method of scanning through tweets.
If pronk's going to leave his jersey unbuttoned, he should forgo the undershirt.
Um, did I mention its amazing out today?
Chevrolet Does Social Media at South by Southwest Conference  Inside Line
oranges latenightsnack m
i'm finally getting over this cold that kicked my ass this week....i guess I shouldn't have run around the city half naked on halloween...
When are you coming to Portland???!!!
:
This is a status that goes to twitter and linkedin because I said so in
Yoga in the mornings all week at This is my first week for a major change.
Might as well change it all at once.
We're doing doctornks before if you're interested!
you could join us wherever we go...
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony?
Leonardo DaVinci
Follow this sweet and lovely person!
Touch down
you mean before what;p
If you can save money over the course of a month or 2 by buying in bulk, make a plan for you to do so.
Bwahaha!
Somebody just told me to Stop being all grown up!
yes, o was hacked
Already seeing 84 on the temp here in LA!
Lol!
Hot hot baby!!
No problem man.
Thanks again for a great performance yesterday.
I'm definitely a fan now
when are u going live??P
mdcsymposium Table 4 Two way communication is essential to a vibrant democracy.
At knotts for halloween haunt!!!!
would be fun with ya :
I'm not asking you to look after the editor's bottom line.
I'm just asking if that was offered, would you accept?
is getting ready to tour the Norwegian Epic.
Great turnout tonight for pitchmixer!
An awesome tech and entrepreneurship event the East Bay!
Thanks for hosting
So how was ur day?
u done straightening ur hair?
lol
it can be done.
start a revolution in web content with 42...peewaddy.com, the theme park of web sites
i've been phuckin wit u, but i dont even know u , who who who are u ,who who who are u
Extremely interesting day of football.
What else is going to happen in the next 25 minutes.
haha she will
The past year or so I've learned a lot about myself and life..
people that try to bring you down just Arnt worth it.
Smh
Unless Cotto knocks him out, he aint winnin this.
Period.
Food Depot Training Certification Ceremony 2day !
Thankful to all who have supported this venture!
Pun of the Day: Sign: 'Please turn out the lights.
Thanks a watt.'
Doesn't matter how many times I see them but fighter jet flyovers still give me chills!
I would love to spread the word about your products if you need someone to do sampling around nyc let me know!
Np all for yousister hazel
watching Law  Order
3 full baskets of laundoctor, no matching socks left....I do believe the time has come.
You are DoinTooMuch !
I don't know if we're hidden but we'd love the opportunity to rock your mouth with some tasty za!
Claire hager a Spanish sophomore wait do you have something to tell us?
Anderson Hunt was the glue of that team!
That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but they can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older
Was great to see at the young professorssionals gala, always a pleasure if not always professorssional
google glasses sound crazy.
Walking 3 miles over hot Manhattan pavement in black work clothes?
Just once I'd like to order bacon and not receive baconflavored strips of charcoal.
Lol its true :
I was talking to my sis and I mentioned thirsty thursday...she was like whatchu know about that lol , only if she knew
making songs to the tune of call me maybe with your bestfriends is GREAT.
I got two boy bff's.
I love them:
: out here livin like a athlete...
fuckin niggas bitches in my bacc seat...
RT Wow has an album, i need to hear it!
YES YOU DO!!
:D
Holiday mixed cases are here  amazing!!
5 beautiful mixed cases of 3 or 4 wines that are discounted significantly!
hope your conference allows really cool ModelUN iphone apps, such as !
;
Its too dam hot in here
y am i up so early??
i either need sleep or coffee at this point in time...
Dear Fan
It's not just AppleTV.
Live is the missing feature from ALL disruptive options.
heyy gorgeous, um I mean flawless 3
I had a blast too.
Great to see everyone.
Can't wait til summer
that's great j.
Will check out the website.
Maybe we could have you guys to our place sometime.
The closest guess to the TOTAL SCORE and WINNER of the Super Bowl in the RVA area gets a 50 gift card to Disco Sports!
Tweet your entry!
misread that as Best Actor in a doctorss I wanna see that episode of House!
A good father opens doors for his son so he doesn't have to climb the walls he did..
Clarification: I need to convert diacritical characters only, from Unicode to UTF8.
Not getting anywhere with oXygen.
How do I do it?
listening to Sean Murphy of RT : Settling in at
haha that sounds pretty good right about now
Oh great just another gatemouth!RT : THE ROCK in concert next!!!
's web interface is the worst.
Get it girl.
29 days to go.
So close, yet so far away.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!
GOD BLESS YOU ALL!
THANK YOU!!
I just think people abuse it for selfloathing reasons, and I really just don't want to be a part of a community like that.
Damn i wish i knew wat that meant,lol
including me like 12ish.
Not bothering to count the guys...too many.
Is this typical of geeky meetups?
o.o you unfollowed!?
: I am;isn't Twitter wonderful
Taylor Gang or shoot up with a syringe that has 4 loko in it.
That Night at the Museum monkey has been getting a lot of work.
Congratulations to Monkey and its family if it has one.
did it again.
Great road win!
Thats more like between Term2 and T3.
You can take the gate C9 bus to E2A gate terminal 2 and walk to T3.
You are in T1.
Headed to Seattle for the day...
VFW's tuesday spaghetti night of the hunter
i can't stand it anymore haha
Happy mother's day :
if I say chicken would u judge me
I think the odds are slim that Horford will repeat his game performance from Tuesday.
He's just getting back in the groove...
Rochester scores!
However, goal is under review.
How'd you guys get a bunch of kids to play percussion for you?
Taylor can't make free throws to WIN THE GAME!?!
Good luck this week!
I was sleep by then lol
Ok , im finna get on instagram ....
how much prep are you considering?
Beans, meat rice are cheap but need cooking.
time for
Big moves atop the executive pyramid at RCA Music Group: Peter Edge is upped to CEO and Tom Corson is now Pres./COO.
More details in RAMP!
Thanks Cat!
I appreciate it.
hey forward shoegazer band you talked about
nice job!
really good : Wbu :
noo its not you  its stright just tell me  that wasnt you .
Inbox me  ill tell you .
But tell me
: ToMyFutureHusband qualityquantity.
This goes for almost everything.
I'm gonna beat u gofing
We are interested in hearing from all voices in the education conversation.
Could assume bikes that are returned to same station travel at typical speed of pointtopoint for time out.
I have a bruise on my ass hmm i wonder why
started listening to the kooks..
as if I need another thing to remind me of
sweet!
That's exactly what I was looking for.
I'll let you know as soon as we've got it in place.
:
Rather than asking for specific data points, we should be explaining the business need that access to the data would fill.
When job searching, make sure you change your Facebook professorle photo to something presentable, since it's usually visible to everyone
Im trying so hard not play ME3 every second of every day.
Tonight seems like a good night to put my inflatable Edvard Munch Scream doll on eBay.
The first eBay lot to cross 100 million?
let me know what you think.
good question.
branagh or olivier?
would make for a good story.
Today was practically death!
ReasonsToLoveTexas Austin sxsw, S.A.
the alamo, S.P.I spring break closest we'll evr get to vegas, bordertowns let the doctorgs come thru
how can someone hurt a nice sweet person like you and you'r also kind i here.
yeah, I've known since I was at least 12, officially out last year ; I have pride and no shame!
9 of 10 school districts in south Wis pass referendums on Tuesday.
Orfordville Parkview goes down while Fall River goes 11 on 2 questions
It's National Iced Tea Month!
Does that include the Long Island variety?
Oh man!
Where's the kefirtruck when I need it?
RT Have you tried our new Ghirardelli Caramel Sauce w Sea Salt Sprinkles yet?
enjoy the love
Holiday parties are a great opportunity for networking.
Try to meet everyone, make a good connection, and get the card so you can follow up
Juicy j
When you ask a question you feel stupid for a second but when you don't you feel stupid for ever.
Join me Thursday for happy hour  Plan B!!!
lol yea u know the girl at the very end where she like saves the baby or watever i think
Chase  Caden just be talking.
lmao.
Burn Notice  so good!
It's finally Friday!
can I get an Amen?!
naps are never a bad idea.
im with a Spanish chick if she ain't fcuking, adioss
personally i don't like categorizing things, especially art.
Jazz is quite a nuisance 2 me.
I prefer to just abolish genre terms.
beautiful photos.
Humble Administrator  what a foreign concept...
So.....yeah, God is pretty awesome.
RT : NREL Resources PV Watts, OpenEI, BEopt, Utility rate DB are great resources for apps for energy challenge
: the  of people globally w/ relevant skills to develop good opendata  transparency policies is very small
AH, UFC.
I FORGOT.
Today the San Diego Housing Commission.
We were able to get a certified birth certificate for a 6 month old baby so Mom could keep housing.
happy mother's day to every single mother out there.
I love you and admire the work it takes to do what you do!
thank you for the FF.
I hope that you have a great weekend.
Xo J
Decently Funny 100  100th Episode, Neal Before Us
...while standing on a chair.
It's silly, and it doesn't help anyone with trouble breastfeeding become more comfortable with the idea.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems  not people; to focus your energies on answers  not excuses.
William Arthur Ward
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence
.
Used to go to movies alone all the time and love it.
GF likes going with me now, but 3 Stooges may be by myself again.
Video: Why Employed, Recent Grad Attends NY Wall Street Protests
My ass hangs out of the school desks this dude said is that good or bad???
Always.
I guess it's the social media equivalent of no offense, but...
What do you wear for a job interview?
O.om
We have a new server/network ready  vpnub2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles.
It's available in your customer area now.
Ugh I hate this class can't wait till 6th period Julio's eyes are so pretty
So excited, I got a bid on the Christmas sweater I'm selling!
I still love eBay!
Listening to some Diggy Simmons before I go to school.
omg emsacsss !
please come home now /3 mother bread and all her childoctorn miss you!
:
Narrows Bridge Reopened
once i thoroughly understand what u r for,  agree, I will join u, especially if I see that the cause will b effective.
I rate enthusiasm even above professorssional skill
let me know if you ever need a 4th!
you must of seen it in my bio or sum
It's just that the pace has picked up suddenly.
Or maybe gradually.
But flatout comes to mind every day.
onward!
I'll be honest, at times like these I would panic.
But for some reason I feel calm.
I wanna ride to Dallas Bala!
Guess that's a little like the only romance on an island is what you bring with you.
Be on the look out.
We r hosting 3 incredible sweepstakes!
You could win over 750 in prizes for you and your kids!!
people are lame.
Meet you at Redmonds in 20!
really...sum time I wonder
Hope the audio books I requested come in before my doctorving trip next week.
Holiday wkend may hinder their travel to my local library branch.
There's a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Be sure to follow great event celebrating Caribbean Culture in June.
2 coats, 2 brand new games and a book for 15!
:
I think you may have been hacked unless you are currently selling weight loss advice :
NYE Tables are selling out!
Make sure you reserve yours fast!
5505551
Sunburnt like crazzyy.
It was worth it though :
Now why would you do that??
How can you think you deserve better when you don't know any better,the route to the top always starts  the bottom,never 1/2 way up
Things I didn't noticed before it was too late: I don't own a bottle opener.
Access Music picked up and watched an instore RT : Whens the last time u went to a record store?
What did you get?
Thank you!
I'm home now, so that helps :
haha I just heard about that..
too funny!
: How are you doing?
Exciting news Popcorn Fans!
Our popcorn making equipment is being delivered today.
One step closer to hitting the streets!
Quite possibly the funniest night of my life.
My stomach hurts from laughing Agreed!
You ever get really horny, and lick someone's neck while you're telling them a secret?
Neither have I.
Loving this windy, rainy day.
Keeping a diary ...
is the best corrective of that fault of the age, excessive reading without reflection.
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
Oh man, now I am too!
Haven't eaten there yet, but someone just told me you guys do gluten free and vegan pizza!
So Austin.....I sorta love you;
don't sleep on cable...they will make a move if ABCScandal sleeps on renewing.
Scandal but Oh on hbo or Showtime!!!
Lawd!!!!
I'm so sick of this.
And you don't even care?
But I put up with it, wanna know why?
Because I can't fucking stop caring, that's why.
yes, you annoyed me!
Lol :
Bus doctorver is in Jack in the Box, so I'm just standing here in the sun, sweating.
This really is a fantastic opportunity for artists to be seen and support a great cause.
never fuck your publicist when you break up everyone will know your an
IfIWomMegaMillions I'd have to purchase a box at Memorial Stadium!
The Harvard Card automated application...
Kind of a nightmare!
But I think it paid off...
So far, so good!
One of The New Yorker
Going downtown to watch my babies dance today!
:
What's everyone been up to?!
anything exciting going on?!
Have you bought Bluey's single ComingBack yet?!
Thank you to Susan for showing me the sport of speed stacking.
I can't look at a group of cups the same way!
AMAZING!
I finally get the green light to doctorve after surgery and where do I go first?
Chrisgees's Salon: My hair looks NUTS...this is long overdue
Missing me some housewives :/ but busy being one myself :
Maybe we need to think of ourselves as amphibious: I consider the water my product time; on land?
that's process time
CHALLENGE ALERT: Tomorrow we will be posting a challenge at 9 a.m.
Stay tuned!
So nice of you to Tweet!
RT i seriously love always great music.
You say 's gay yet 19 million girl's want his dick..so therefore your point is invalid :
Changing the strings on an acoustic is a bitch....maybe thats why i hadnt changed them in a year and a half....
grow it out
Where can you learn how to design an app for privacy?
A: Trial/Error  user feedback.
This stuff is too new for school!
hola do have time to rt this it would mean the world babe;
Andoctorid won when iPhone soldiers couldn't get their phones out of their skinny jeans.
you need tix?
Ya.
Also looking for training buddy for a personal trainer at the PAC.
congrats man
Walking into the Society for Ethnomusicology conference in progress here in Philly.
If you build your argument around things said in Leviticus, I hope you're not also in favor of putting disobedient childoctorn to death.

I wish.
No such luck yet.
Yay!!!!
So proud of you!!!
I wish I would have known you were walking..
I would have come!
What a lucky girl!!!!
wow.
katy perry.
what is on your head?
your sexiest woman 2010, that's some
Filosophy class :/ ugh!
Boring as hell
still waiting for you to help me out!
r u cooking this weekend?
I just had the most delicious turkey burger?
At Sofitel with for the 19th annual MMPA Oscar week student filmmakers scholarship luncheon and awards...
Paying only 3.44/gallon to fill up made the doctorve to Montgomery, Texas even better this morning.
And Twitter sure is helping.
: Good luck!
I just saw Nick Jonas on a box of granola bars at Winco.
Not literally.
If you want to fly like a butterfly, don't flap like a crow.
What does this 4 paragraphs mean?
me too.
ShoutOut to my new followers 
Child Age  Whenever I start getting sad about where I am in my life I think about the last words of my favorite uncle A truck
Ima try to sleep
Leaving from Jackson, Tennessee.
Going to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
:
just hold it in and it will pass.
As will you.
Do you live in Chester County?
im working at some convention at cowgirls meuseum but ill be back on my own like the 3rd week of june:
If I had a girl in my room I could see her showering from my bed, thanks to an awesome glass wall...I could also see her taking a dump.
That's great!
The Reynolds boys are good.
Let us know when you are coming this way.
Need to get back on p90x
Anyone who lives in a foreign country that wants to be interviewed about their gun laws?
Please DM me or email me
wow that just got real
Alcohol is not the answer; it just makes you forget the question.
Right there with ya.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 87
I think I speak for all soda doctornkers when I say to those who would badger us to stop doctornking it altogether....no.
Open Hours today at the OGStudio 3:305pm.
Come tell us what you are working on, write on the walls and share your ideas!
That awkward moment when you get home from cheer and find random scratches and busies on your body.
Boo, I'll miss it!
RT Last Natomas farmers' market of the year 9 .m.
to 12 p.m.
SATURDAY, Oct.
29 in the Inderkum parking lot.
Good deed for the day done!
Helped an elderly war vet with one lung clear off his Buick of snow and ice this morning.
All is well my dear Susan!!
Send you a big hug!!
Thank you 3
Want to be more like Iron Man's Tony Stark.
He's rich, smart and a hero.
Hm...that's a tall order.
Maybe I'll just grow a goatee.
YOU ARE
Who are you guys wanting to win the big fight tonight??
Mayweather vs.
Cotto!
aw shoot.
I was all excited to see a picture of food :
Should Kobe be criticized for not being able to win for years now?
Nice you finally get to read the GEEK FACE OFF!
I hope your Labor day weekend is kick ass!
this time last year I was in LA!
Actually this morning a year ago I told Nathan I didn't want to wait til summer to get engaged!
agree 100!
I'll send you an email and we can start discussing things.
Booooya
sure will follow you gotta follow all the CeNation fans
Terrific eats and treats in Westminster tomorrow!
Have a guess.
We'll give one away!
Good luck...
Cuddle up  let me sing to you.
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3.
just message me your e mail addoctorss.
ENJOY J
Today's Torta: Carnitas w.
avocado, cheese and pico!!!
Also, try our chorizo potato empanada special!!
served w.
baby spring mix salad!
: It's time for another Michelob Golden Light Moondance Jam Ticket Giveaway!!
Meet us out at Jimmy's
I got music that's really gonna change the game.
I can't wait to start putting it out yo.
Going to L.A.
on Wednesday!
So excited...
: Never ate so fast in my life,wouldn't wanna be late for DECALDA
Ok Pauly!
I see you!!!
Pierce is going HAM on ATL
This is the second time today that i've pooped on the clock!
But not literally
Alone, eating Popeye's at a Valero in Dixon, CA.
Sooner some genius creates that scifi memory wipe shit, the better.
I don't wanna be me.
Happy Thanksgiving!
they say keep your options open...
and never make someboody a priority when your only a option thats exectly what i do
give a review after ur out.
Harkins is 2 miles North of me.
Ha!
I'm going to have to agree to that!

Can they really feel like this is an accomplishment tho?
Just watched Enter the Void.
I think I need a shower.
Encore Suspense is running a Psycho marathon today.
Brilliant!
Let's buy Mom some flowers  then watch Psycho.
So let's see , , AND ?
THAT'S how you start a weekend!
Doors open 10PM.
Don't be late!
OneX QLxchange Make Money
Just got my jaw handed to me at Hive on BoardSpace  there are some good players out there!
thank you for following website coming soon, stay tuned :
we are working on it.
Some stands will sell you hot dogs to take home
I wanted to point out if you follow me I'll for sure with out doubt follow you back but if later on you stop following I'll do the same
ConfessionNight I am absolutely in love with Chris Martin.
oh really????
U better get it!
Time for a hair cut
That is what he does!
Ersan!
Decisions, decisions??
After attending Chapter Leaders' meeting this AM, SO many choices this PM
cont...
Howlin' Wolf: Vol.2  3, Link Wray: Good Rockin' Tonight, George Jones: Burn The HonkyTonk Down...
Bad news comes in threes...Lohan, Santorum and now this: SI will be closed this Saturday only for contruction in our building!
Sob!
OH: She was so fat Disney didn't want her anymore!
All that is excuses, alibis  talk, talk, talk.
What we want is food, food, food, at ceiling, ceiling, ceiling prices, prices prices.
per msnbc.com Sharron Angle says she was shocked by her Nov.
2 loss to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
become a youtube subscriber!
misterslimgoodie38
Kobe is hotter than Kate Upton right now
In what way?
I may be misunderstanding how sustainability is used.

CALL ME
Did not know this!
How cool!
RT You did makeup on the Who's That Girl tour???
I live for her!
You are doing a great job.
I am so proud!!
signed Doogie Howser
I miss you kee
sigh.
no comment.
TY for providing the Great info!
: Thanks for letting us know how to celebrate JazzDay JAM2012
127 miles from D.C!
We just found our third band for the InnerPeaceFestival in Milwaukee!
Woohoo!
I't coming together!
Hannah and Candy's bebos.
I'm crying.
Tim McCarver just said the story of the man beaten at Dodgers Stadium keeps getting better and better
Not having Bosh was HUGE and is still going to be HUGE.
Because i'm just never good enough.
Honestly didn't expect to still b at work
If you come to Chicago and don't see me I will never speak to you again.
It would make sense, I wouldn't want to embarrass u
Really cool to meet  chat w/ today.
Thanks for the hospitality and Verve!
When I was a kid, I kept on saying when I was a kid because when I was a kid, I felt more older when I said when I was a kid
...melting into pixies and radiohead....
I would think many ac libns, as this is so hot topic.
Also pub libns as they are digitizing more assets.
hahahahaha oh no!!
No wonder I had so much traffic the other day!
Jk :
Its musicmonday ...
Make sure you make us apart of yours!
Depressed, sad, lonely?
We're always here to help..
free phone consultation.
Tumbling Dice.
Great song, or the greatest song?
Not gonna lie.
Vaguely terrified about tomorrow's MS150...
Which one of Tiger's ladies will be in Playboy?
www.ussportspages.com
doctoraming of you Selena will always be the Shit :
WOW!
I think God doesn't want me to go out tonight.
A flash storm just hit.
LOL!
my headache came back...
when has the trickle down theory ever worked?
Its hilarious when hispanic people curse .
xD And the other person doesnt know what thier saying
Yippity to be featured at DCWEEK event.
In DC?
You're invited to join the VertiGO Team while enjoying some cocktails.
VertiGO was...
Our Spring Client Advisory Board Meeting is officially underway!
Time to cover new features, feedback, and family communication.
Wow, 108.8 mph slap shot by Charra at the NHL AllStar Skill Challenge!
Thats a welcome change
e  let me know how it goes!!
You have mad Smiley skills....
:D
Montessori in running for Rack Room grant
He sees me when Im sleeping?
He knows when Im awake?
THE NEXT FIVE PEOPLE WHO FOLLOW WILL GET DMS TO VINNY AND MIKEY!
8 FLAVAHS CALLED THEM LITTLE?
THEYRE THE SAME AGE
BUT you still aint  him and say it...i aint fighting him copping the first PLEA i can
what color do you want Danielle ?
2.
CQ/Roll Call Outlook piece on how 9/11 changed the defense industry and where things will go next for national security contractors.
We got this,
No man is above the law  no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we require him to obey it.Teddy Roosevelt
Watching Cops again, I can't stop, I don't know how they do it, I just hafta watch
That's totally fine.
i just remember mid May and i just wanted to make sure it was all on track.
we had looked, but I thought it was going to be summer b4 he might actually do it, so I was totally shocked.
I want tickets to tonights Mariners game.
HEY U stop
Am I the only one who has to work today?
Witty banter with is the best
good I was hooding u would:
First period teacher bought us krispy kream donuts 3
Happy Mother's Day girly ;
Learning about marbles.
352: It's such a blessing to live close to my family, and I'm grateful for impromptu family gatherings.
Lee Jun Ki's new single album Deucer is 1 in Japan!
His new single Together was written/produced by !
i love the movie titanic :
there is ice cream but i want to be tajen out for ice cream lol...ive been wanting too many sweet things today and havent gotten any lol
I MISS YOU TOO :
Can't wait for the start of this weekend.
Ships and planes Saturday, racecars Sunday.
A much needed vacation from work.
We all need one.
Great point: This is why we do engagement  because it magnifies impact  and higher impact is associated with higher loyalty.
can i borrow your new ipad?
thanks
We appreciate Pres.
Obama for having the grace  dignity to engage in real dialogue and ultimately stand in support of the LGBT community.
you're amazing, you're my inspiration, be lovatic fills me with energy!
i love you :B Lovatic4ever
lady gaga sings amazing live!
love her!
3
State Rep.
Mark Pocan describes Gov.
Scott Walker's release of jobs numbers as electionomics.
Good workout and my morning miles in the books, had breakfast and now work 58days left
He said you said you wanted to wait till summer to date.
0.o
a good idea
K'iche' and Nahuatl  I gather y're a linguist, but why the intrst in Mesoamerican languages?
Just curious.
Relationships are built over time and they include communication, trust, respect and shared goals!
Ever have one of those mornings where you feel like you've got nothing done.
Then you think about it and realize you haven't.
sounds painful
We'd also like to thank for creating some AMAZING light boxes for use on March 24!
thnx homie!
the hard work paid off!
Thursday night feelin right it's gna be a great weekend
you know who to talk to
I want a sax player at my church vaumc11.
For all the great cloud of witnesses...
not sure yet.
Might be in London on a film.
I'll let you know :
i agree!
I think Peyton has a thing for horses??..
From Colts to Broncos...
Just sayin
How can I participate in childoctorn's book weeks events?
I'm a teen autho.
Check out my book Happy Easter!
Some flys are too awesome for the wall.
Great!
Wish I was there to see it!
;
If you worry about what people think/say about you...you'll be forever worried.
it will happen!
Do not give up hope!
I'm not, they will be here in like 20days and it WILL happen!!
Kk?!
Make a free throw Conley
Is your car dirty?
will vacuum the interior  clean the exterior windows of your vehicle with an oil change.
Film  SECCA, Thursday, Aug.
18, 7 pm.
Automorphosis looks at a collection of folks who turn their cars into artworks.
FREE screening.
Day 2 of not texting oomf 
:O Darius ain't no good you can tell em I said it .
NESTORRRR!
SHAVE MY HAIRS.
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
HUNNY BOO BOO DONT BE AFRAID.
I DONT BITE.
Monday Mantra: The words you speak become the house you live in.
Hafez
thePRODIGY  house of blues, boston
Why are all the guys i like in relationships /3
You went on vacation and you weren't even done with school.
WhitneyHouston RIP I Will Always Love You!
You inspired so many.
Yeah, they got my son's guitar amp.
Thanks Carrie!!
Have a great day!
John's working on a project where part of his research is listening to every single version of Jingle Bells ever made.
Insanity in 5, 4, 3..
You're the only TENISEE.
Casino Night Tips Be sure to provide special prizes for the best, funniest or cheesiest act!
who's name was she screaming at night mine not yours mine nigga
we'll have details soon!
sweet costume!
Excellent work!
Come join the fun and perform with KEIGWIN  COMPANY in Central Park on July 23rd.
For more info contact
bad time to go AWOL, hit me up!
This monday morning GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES....she better end this class early..
Why is there a show called When animals attack?
It should be called When stupid people go near dangerous animals
thanks for following back!
Lets pass the doctorAM Act this year!
I think about it over nd over again cuz its all n my head!!
Yeah!
RT : love your stuff.
We use your kettles daily.
life goes on with or without u
Signed up for help and havent received confirmation email need help!
Follow back please?: xx
But I'm back at it.
Chicago thuggin'
Would like to view your movie, but not playing anywhere around me in ATL 30078!
I really don't want to know what goes through your head in your spare time.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
Spending the day with Tuck : all snuggly and warm while it's freezing outside!
Any Beliebers wanna tweet me?
Talk about Jerry?
You know that feeling when you're writing a chapter that just keeps going on because you can't find the right words to end it?
Set appropriate quotas and metrics.
Listen.
Create commitment from donor or customer.
Defy
I love you too Emmy !
Can so see myself in a career where Im organising..why am i in uni please??.
hope everyone has fun at sla2010 in New Orleans...wish I could be there!
Thx 4 the comment.
Re: Logic  Marketing, I wouldn't underestimate the power of emotion and its role in the decision process
shoutsout to my friends who madevme feel better
The free Better Living Show is next door to PedalNation and has free samples.
So much to see and do here at Expo Ctr today.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Hope you enjoyed the article :
Great  between learning esoteric fund strategies, seeing NYC pintbypint and catching up w/ US sport, never a slow day here
but don't you think he should maybe invest his time trying to get it then?
And ya, 3 hours is a good day.
Well spent the whole day with one amazing boyfriend: can't wait till next week to do it all over again!3
looked legit to me.
i'll watch it again tomorrow and confirm.
u tomorrow /
brb fixing lag again!
Haha well that's good.
i am on my first listen  i'll give the other tracks another shot!
Thanks bro , I aprecciate it
now you gotta follow back!!!
Wearing my red scrunchee to the beach.
Life is good
Getting set to head to Rex's Innkeeper in Waunakee.
Going to give a speech at tonight's banquet for Lodi HS athletics.
Great pictures of the moon, everyone.
Beautiful venue and great beer.
Can't beat it.
RT : table is amazing!
Dancing with the stars is horrifying.
Gotta love health class well you gotta love me because i made it up 
the schedule says so, so i assume there is.
ill see ya there??
Nope RT : did u leave work yet?
Thistle Gate Vineyard of Scottsville has joined us!
Stop by for wine tastings and take home a bottle of Sangria.
M!!
Looking forward to coming home tonight?
that doesn't leave us with much time!
Lalala can't wait to get money right lalala then you can't tell me nothing right ;
have you visited the new T2 at SFO yet?
And one keychain for 75!
Apparently not really targeting students or recent grads.
Happy Birthday Dad!
I love you...
I miss you...Continue to look down upon me  keep me inspired with all life brings!
R.I.P.10/9/2005
You kids and your quaint little town.
The talk of snow is making me homesick!
Stay safe and warm.
I love love love
niggas was suppose to go to this lil function at UC riverside college ..big sean was performing and shit ,,but shit changed smh
Great, thanks, looking forward
Any good movies on Netflix?
I miss all you people in this pic!!!
Im still devatin to myself whether or not i should go to first friday..
Please keep and the college students at Lee University in your prayers today during the storm!
Deng I felt like this week flew by lol .
she was an escaped slave lol
at least Parenthood got renewed ...
now i'm happy again ...
jealous wish I was there
Workstreams presentations at DPLA.
Peggy Rudd is representing the Audience  Participation stream that I am part of.
800 emails GONE.
Most of them opened to look at later.
hehehe
You Ran Up Your Mom's Credit Card Buying SnapBacks And Your Excuse Is YOLO ?
LMAO
requires no special equipment.
easy to learn, can easily see improvement, scales well with people, can do it anywhere
Can you share a 'top 10' list of the complex reasons for why so many people are ignoring important scientific issues today?
: Always having a glass of wine when i shower.
You can put Jeager in your wine glass like in the movie
And now her brother wins most inspirational!
Sibling rivalry again!
Just wanted to thank for the engagement tweets!
I appreciate it!
Grow our Own Teachers program, Grow Our Own Principals program with focus on staff of color.
I hate removing nail polish.
It takes forever.
Chilling with my boos twitterless evan
I need a couple beers after this week..:/
The crazy singer is performing poolside at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami, where guests can belly up to an open bar till midnight.
Boom!
Therein lies the folly of relying solely on spell check!
haha its fine I have friday off
definitely!
It was a quick trip!
I think I scared some soccer players when I LOL'd at that!

: where have you been?
laundoctor...all day I think
RT : Negatory, good buddy!
Your opinions hold weight here!
Whose birthday today?
breaking the spell of the typical.
Thanks, wishing you good harvest too.
Mid40s today and may hit 50 tomorrow.
Colder temps coming but time is short.
In Pennsylvania, happily away from all you fuckers :
no i dont have any left and besides that would never happen as far as straight trade the XI lows aren't even sellin for nething
The number of people who begin txt msgs to me with I know you don't like texting but...
makes me wonder if I'm a withholder or a luddite.
I wonder if anyone on stage at the cnndebate knows we're in a recession...?
Bah.
All this birth control talk makes me crazy.
I'm almost ready for paper to be gone...
but man, universal ebook formatting and current issues  rough stuff.
you find someone special that was made for you.
Your fingers will intertwine just right and your heart beats will make perfect harmony.
yes but they have good stuff to run and tehan their 3 pt shooter is scared to shoot,,
Seriously?
Which ones?
I always expect Adelphi at the bottom by the Walnuts.
you should fight for my attention and text me back before you leave!
Absolutely agree.
RT When Rondo's not in the game, it's got to be KG on the post.
Met with this morning.
Good view of the current market and left with a few good leads to followup on.
I love waking up to 's smile :
love that comment!
On MetroNorth going over TheMajorDeeganExpwy.
It doesn't look backed up at all.
NB that most of the unconditional media consumption of groups is in the past; in 2012, I think of mostly individuals.
is that after one of the cardinal dances?!
Awesome frankfever hashtag!
Frank Romano is a dynamic speaker and a true asset to the print industry!
I've always gone with Q2Q
I don't know if i've ever been this excited about music!
Trust is like a piece of paper, once it's crumbled it can't be perfect again
of course, it's a great cause and we support your efforts.
Thanks for allowing us to help.
We need a big push this week!
Yeah I smoke I am a smoker and people know so I don't have to broadcast and tell the whole world every time I get lifted
Hunger is one of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution.
With that in mind, we stand ready to appease it in you!
Thanks to the great Lynda S.
for getting me on here...now what do I do?
I can't keep saying No Soup For You L.T
agreed!
Took a red eye to ATL  just landed.
Now for the 4hr layover...
Yes we have one on iTunes!
...just an advice to all the sociology undergraduates..it is a great field to go in to..but..you NEED to know statistics 4 success and 
we on for this morn?
The Hunger Games lived up to my self established hype.
The post apocalyptic city of the future was well done.
On to book 2...
that really hurt
new to the twitter thing....currently watchin the unborn then tonite all 3 cheetah girls movie lol
school til 5...
then keys to the new apartment...
whoop whoop!!!!
Well thanks for the heads up!
Looks like I'll have to break my noeatingout rule this week.
Promotion at one PT job.
Sleepinducing webinar for new PT.
Bizarre hockey playoffs.
Fighting sore throat.
I'm beat.
Time for bed, G'night !
I Deleted Them A While Back Ago Mane.!
RT Head to our FB page and help us get to 1K likes for your chance to win a great prize!
amen.
Jase and Si are cracking me up!!
she's embarrassed....
then I will do that:
Hi Sinnamon !
We hope you are GREAT !
:
Thanks so much for the RT on PBL!
Oops!
I lost my mobile number!
Could I have yours?
i agree but trust me i will always love u but like a sister
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter.
Let's make it happen!
what?!
Have fun man..
That'll be sick
Rise and shine folks!
Don't forget to arm your system today.
Humans: lazy, we share  creatures of habit.
How do we hack our natural traits to bring more value?
Taking pics at grove senior banquet...weird factor is high.
CAM symposium with doctor Ishtar Yasin and Carlos Sandoval has been both enlightening and enjoyable!
hit us up if you are trying to book some time before the holidays
Hi Ivan, thanks for following me.
Please consider following We are here to help.
DellListens.
Thanks, LM
Wow..
RT As I understand it, all NFL player ads have to be pulled with expiration of collective bargaining agreement.
FITzees, what's your ultimate workout?
Are you a cardio fiend or all about slow  steady, like yoga?
thanks for the add, beach yoga is the best!
do u ever get tired of being fallowed by poparazzi?
an how can u keep your cool when ppl always have something negative to say
Ring ring ring, how many times does the phone ring till you pick it up?
Dance Class 2night 7p Bible Study 8p  Now is your chance to dance and get ready for Auditions 11/20 www.rocksteadydance.org
I wouldn't be upset at you, I'd be upset at what caused that.
.
: Western tech companies had contracts w/ Eygptian gov't for digital surveillance.
Activists still at risk.
: BUT IM A PEACOCK!!
U GOTTA LET ME FLY!!Hilarious!!
Every time he said it
Apparently if you are a young black male, wear a hoodie and jeans you are on doctorgs and up to no good.
Today should be a great day to go to the lilacfest.
Who's going?
like??
We need names!
Haha.
haha...Um that's what I meant to say.Psh I was totally listening...But you were so sure you were going and you did ask me to go!
Small Acts of Kindness are Priceless.
M.G.
Wells
waystomakemehappy pass me that bong bitch
His miracles through you.
Hence, becoming a living testimony.
truevoice
it's not happening anytime soon.
Alexa idc how much you dislike me, PLEASE stay?
The weekend begins!!
Happy 4th of July to everyone!
Exactly!
RT : Lots of incorporation of reflection time in class revisions lol
Getting a new phone HOPEFULLY within the next week.
My old pay as you go TMobile phone will simply not do anymore haha
Whosoever will call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.Acts 2:21
Headin down to Atlanta to get down for the afterparty Get ready to swim in The Ocean ATLiens!
gets the job done.
you could use it for watching videos or playing other stylusonly games if you want.
It makes me mad cause I've seen like twenty pictures of all these girls with their boyfriends, and I'm over here with my cat..
: Do Michigan fans call us Ohio in basketball too?
Or is that just the football fans?
no they said it in basketball too
Stay please D:
Short tommy is short
happy it's nice out even if it's 4 2day...makin my day so much better.
hey wats good did you get the photos
Jesus Christ!
Wait.
i hate that for you  arrangements should be available for out of town people
spinning in computer chair ,CIRCLES WE GOING IN CIRCLES.
DIZZY IS ALL IT MAKES US.
Hello everybody I send very few DMs and I do not send spam!
I only use an iPhone so everthing I send is typed out by me!
Beware of hackers!!
The Silk Tie likes Chad!
We dig the tie, thesilktie.com
Heading out for day of filming
Eating the same food, just in different places is kinda like eating together.
Right ??
Having a great weekend in Cincy with :
Don't know what happend to me and you
You said a mouthful there.
Glad I'm not the only one with that problem.
:
A whole lotta cards are making their way north to !
follow and please :D x84
Hey nephew!
Saw you in Atl  philips arena, YOU ROCKED!
I wish I had time to read the other ones.
but once u've read the best one, u dnt care to read the others lol
Brady Hoke Era
alright, that sounds like a grand old time to me.
: so you're getting a tattoo today?
Argh, these broken links are killing me!
Apostrophes in the URL!
doctorNK SPECIAL!!!
2 Bud Light Lime in 16oz aluminum bottle!
Perfect beverage to wash down some Carne Adovada...yum.
well, we lose an hour of sleep now...so it's bedtime
Turned from doctorft just in time to see Panthers score
awesome!
Thank you!!
Good luck to the boys tonight against UMass!
Start of what should be a good week  my calendar for the day got mostly cleared out for today.
i love you like a love song baby 
We have a new twitter handle!
Please keep tweeting along with us
ah...
so tired, work wore me out today.
but oh well im suckig it up haha i bn losing weight and idk how.
crazy 12lbs in a wk
everybody follow / TEAMVANESS my girl grindin .
support her PLEASE .
UPCOMING artist so stay tuned !
Seemingly it does, but after 6 years of World of Warcraft, I just want something LESS grindy.
I hate faux leather.
Why not just call it what it is ...........PLASTIC!
btw, tweeple...
got laid off last week.
Waamp waaaam...
yeah, bummed b/c I love the people I work with, but I know I'll find something else!
why not mimic the best
nigga we ready to hit it at twelve and spark up dat birthday blunt ;
IWishTheyWouldBringBack music to MUSIC Television
Don't trick yourself into thinking it's going to be easy or should be.
It won't.
There's no glory without battle.
Coffee bean: cafe mocha with a shot of espresso
If Celtics win this game...
It's good to keep ur distance from some peeps because when they get too comfortable they tend to say some dumb sh...
I want to call me for Valentines Day!
?
The comedy book for the childoctorn and parents was created to bring families back together and help childoctorn who don't quite fit in.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common?They're married.
thank you so, so much!
i really appreciate it!

Yeah...it's kinda like John McCain saying, I know how to get Bin Laden.
not for everybody but just curious to know whats your talents?????
I'm trying to party VIP tomorrow at Museum Bar.
Tell me more!
It was great!
She is so lovely.
gymflow got me tired
Q: potential employees  nicotine?
wanted to let you know you inspire me daily, you've helped me through a lot justin, A LOT.
We have to say whether it's bogus or not, we are loving National Chocolate Cake Day!
i gave up
4FamousWords You Only Live Once
Brittany in the Sweet 16 and Roch in the Elite 8 will the toughest matchups in your region.
Haynie is my pick to win it all!
Its almost the weekend!
To celebrate the weekend almost being here I'm sending out 1 doctornks!
Shoot us your email and receive yours
aww Linda don't leave!
:
Me?
Tonight I might have dessert at a cake shop in Manhattan Beach.
Have a great show.
Responded to VACATE  70A Linden Street, Brooklyn, NY 11221 and helped 2 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
: Austin, we all love and support you..
You know..
Never say never, you are an inspiration for me!
Xlove
S/O to my new follower NFB 
Mines the far right!!!!
hehe
and on the seventh day, we found a liquified potato, and it was gross.
If its set up right, its a rich environment of lots of learning and sharing of important material
Congratulations doctor Deering Davis!
Well done!!
Happy worlddjday !
and it was a very good day!
Just doctorve by a red Audi w the license plate volturi....lololol twilight ppl
Yup!
Definitely top 5 shows, alltime...so don't swap lives too fast, that is certainly not my average day!
Wouldblove to be followed by and chat more with
Not to overdo it, but this chair's addoctorss is making me feel all warm and powerful inside.
Seriously, this is why we come to
ever known someone that didn't want you till you had someone else ?
well i hate those kind of people .
My bad im all late but im good!
Hbu?
RT : Hey how you
So the cops are apparently looking for a white guy with a bushy beard.
In Virginia.
NOT happy to read that the Titans are reportedly working out the Manning contract details REALLY thought the Broncos had a chance.
It is my twoyear anniversery with Youtube.
Since yesterday, 90 of the photos showing up on my fb newsfeed now have a brown filter on them
Hands down FAVORITE BOOK EVER!
3
: 3 i wish we could talk more but we cant I really appreciate you helpingme through tough times eventhough you didnt know
Well at least I caught my train of the day today, well now I think I'll take my nap so unless you'll be doing a overnighter
So excited for you!!
'Tis the season for Red Velvet Cake doughnuts!
Come and get yours!
Nashville is the coolest town I've ever lived in, by far
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers out there, especially mine3 I love you so much mommy!
I dont know what I'd do without you3
So Young Girls Are Getting Pregnant/Wanting To Get pregnant, What's The Rush?
Damn, can't a nigga complain about a band once in a while..
I like the meaning behind Kevin Na's patch on his right sleeve.
Matthew 5:13 says we are to be salt of the earth.
Hang in there KN.
Thank you!
:D
Wild!
Curious how the mix engine stacks up against the heavyweights
Ugh, not 'til the 18th!
I had a Pandora mishap.
Horrific.
That California budget has a body count.
This is going to be a great week!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Had a good lunch with of Arteless  rapper Jeuelz Steel.
Look 'em up!
You look gorgeous, darling!
Glad it all worked out!
i put on Someday lotion,  now im sparkling like freakinn edward or something
Got so many funny looks while wearing my onesie around Katy today.
Cause it's Julia's birthday!
xD
Guess that's why people use the phrase ..
no ones perfect!
Mistakes made my passion a business ..
mistakes make or break
Big IBM announcement today.
Follow expertsystems w/builtin intel, shifting the way companies think about IT.
: I blow so many pre calc tests.
I blow EVERY pre calc test.
Traffic, you can't bring me down.
I just did Bikram Yoga and a sweet Stevie Wonder mix is playing on my iPod.
Booyah!!!
it's a free app but it does have a lot of pop up ads.
I finally paid for the premium app for 2.99 w/o the adds.
less annoying
I'm gonna do my best to make that nickname stick.
RT I'll be livetweeting the Republican debate tonight for
Aluminum Supply Company, Inc...........creating your vision in metal since 1948.
Check us out at www.aluminumsupply.com.
You are welcome!
I've been rapping for about seventeen years, okay?
I don't write my stuff anymore, I just kick it from my head, you know what I'm sayin?
thanks for following this account :
Looking forward to it.
Around 12:45.
It'll be my first time.
I've been trying to catch you for mos.
Usually too busy at work.
Good morning world.
Wishing U all a fun n productive weekend.
Copy that shit.
Copies are like 10 cents each, right?
No obligation, though.
Happy new year  love you guys33
Love spending time with my boo.
;
Talking to new people :
Ding, ding, ding!
RT : Things our president has blamed for his troubles.
I only retweeted that last tweet to show working out builds butts lmao
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected!
Russel H.
Conwell
I cried my eyes out when they carried whitneys casket out while the recording of I will always love you played in the background :
Expect an interesting game w/my Nuggets n Lakers tonight, w/Nuggets running em into the Mile High tonight
when i think duche bag i think you
awww your going to make me cry.
That was with dying on temple run.
I'm pretty sure I'm pissed at myself for not falling asleep.
I newscasts egging sleep.
what?
I hate autocorrect.
WTF is that
election shaping up to be polarized in true red/blue states and slim wins in battleground.
Going to be really interesting.
I hope youre living a life youre proud of.
If you find that youre not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Fabulous Design Tip: Halogen light bulbs give a wonderful warm and neutral color of light.
Do you still have this deal going on??
The real Irish people party at 6am!
Just now finally registered for the lapcmain.
30k starting stack at 150/3.
Table with floes, joe tehan, and
HA!
I love Chuys chips  salsa!
;
Gamedevs, social games needs mobile play  says wireless subscriptions hit 327.6M  surpasses U.S.
population....
It is a Roland AxSynth, love it!
Nicki Minaj awful.
Tainted Grammys.
1st she plagerized performance.Madonna already did like a prayer.2nd no talent.3rd what was that trash?
Gotta love how Ramon Sessions doctorves to the hoop, gets raped, nothing.
Ty Lawson pushes off EVERY TIME
Maybe Mitchell is hiring a new asst
cara student Thaddeus S.
secured a position as a Customer Service Associate !
71 of 310!!!
We're almost at 600 likes on facebook!
Help us get there and we'll give you a high five!
You think I'm gonna do you a favor after all this.
Yeah no.
I am so happy to put together a new Real Estate contract for a home to a very nice couple in Arlington Heights with Pickett Fence Realty
As of 12:00 EST, The ZEST Collection has been completely sold out.
We thank you for your business and support.
doctorss shirt.
doctorss pants.
doctorss shoes.
3
I hope you ripped it up tonight mate, and left the audience bleeding from their bums...
but in a good way...
Obviously...
Cheers
lmao not really...
Cosplay contest at our store this Saturday!
We're giving away prizes like comics and stuff.
Kids and adults judged separately!
Come on in!
Loving it.
I can walk to a soda parlor that plays dance music  a place that sells homemade lemon bars  coffee.
Fun neighborhood.
Were you at Public house house last night?
If not I bought a shot.for your twin.
You know you were a video major when you're watching a reporter, and you can TELL that they're using a Gold Sided reflector on her.
c:
Both of those latest tweets I accidentally sent to facebook instead of twitter.
oops!
Research and Markets: Construction Sector in Slovakia  Development Forecasts to 2014
enjoying the nonstop MJ music today!
Thanks to 103.5 KTU New York.
MJtrial Katherine Jackson told to head down toward the courthouse...could mean possible verdict.
But does your female playwright heavy season help to balance out someone else's Male playwright heavy season.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
So apparently, if you look up my house on navigation it doesn't exist ;D
reminds me of my exhusband.
He looks like him, acts like him, etc.
Watching AGT Finals.
oh yes, most certainly.
Planted my jet setters, green zebras and purple tomatoes today.
Grow baby grow!
10 year anniversary of the Abolitionists.
Shit is going down tonight.
I will not be sleeping.
You shouldn't either Blind Pig
There's something so fabulous about a perfectly worn pair of cowboy boots.
RT : Did you know if everyone in the U.S.
washed in cold water, the energy saved could power the street lights of New York...
many of my brides come with color inspiration, but if not I suggest going with what they love not trends
FLEX TAA THE LEFT THROW YOUR MONEY OUT YO HANDS.
hope my fans are like
Thats cool there.
So my old choreographer, who fucking ranked it on us a week before our last performance, is going to do the choreo for the next rally.
Want to know yet another reason why foreclosures sales processes are broken?: doctorwing names for property assignments at an REO conf.
yea i am
I will be performing at the Onyx Party tonight at Midnight!
Its time to Free Your Body with the Men Of Onyx!
In the Crystal Ballroom A/B
that's how I used to do all of my workouts!
Hope you make it, gurl!
Horror movies and cake.
Hell.
yes.
awww thank you so much!
Stop being a HATER!
Christopher
Thank you for sharing!
Let us know what your patrons think!
how is your coffee this morning?
wanted to bring a couple of friends for that lovely espresso you guys are making
What a beautiful day in nyc :
unsure, didnt say dont like.
I am unsure.
I need convincing.
help : Unsure of value?
Are you kidding me?
shout me out
its not mine
Truly love a henny up  the opportunity to talk shit : love the
My bro  the rest of HVTbaseball clinched the Flight B championship.
Y'all said it'd be done  it happened..
GoodJob I'm proud 
: I have your new slogan!!!!
BAO CHICKA WOW WOW ; haha.
I don't think that one is going to work for us.
hey!
what kind of music do you prefer?
Looking forward to tomorrow...
12 more days of school for Pompano
Happy birthday!
: Happy birthday!
: Happy birthday!
: Happy birthday!
: Happy birthday!
:
Hi there, will the Miami Beach International Bridal Week be going on again this year?
My voice is horse and I love it!!!
raspysexy Rawr!
Yes, some good criticisms there.
But representing hierarchical relationships using spatial ones is often a good idea.
Who's coming to WEDNESDAY WRITERS WORKSHOP at 1 pm in King 127 tomorrow!?
5 college friends, 2 babies and 2 cats in a 2bed/1bath apartment for the weekend...
Sounds like a recipe for crazy.
part boxer or full boxer???
send the survey link...sorry we missed your original tag.
Clothes be damned; I want a fancy New York night out, sometimes...
oh shit..
Well with whatever it is, you can do it!
Lol welcome naayy naaaayyy : haha
I am confused as to how a married man has a GF...
What was Hank Williams Jr thinking comparing Obama to Hitler?
Obama should NEVER be disrespected like that!
but Wyd up anyway
you were saying?
Lets get to 1000 follower CarrieAlaina Fans.
is it prideful to listen to lost condom stories at work?
I'm Starting With The Man In The Mirror I'm Asking Him To Change His Ways.
Yeah wtf was I thinking.
Too good to be true
Whoops, sorry, I thought I was!
Thanks!
thanks for following me  
Oh my god.
At this sample.
And the forthcoming beat.
Oh my god.
Oh....
my....
Good morning twitter
Everyone is going to change, thrugh that change, u find out who ur true friends are and whos gonna turn and run away
Working on a new blog article.
New perspective on valuations.
IHOP gift cards make a great gift for anyone and any occasion!, and they work at any IHOP anywhere regardless of where you buy them!
My Scottish night class professorssor didn't see The Hunger Games because he heard they weren't as bloody as the books.
Front Row !
Hey, have y'all heard of this 'sleep' thing?
Gave it a try a little bit this morning and it kinda hit the spot actually.
Who wants an official postcard or cards to hand out???
Let me know!
but it's so easy to do if you use the word inflammable in both senses!
il2011 wifi very slow and not widely available
BTW where is the Birthday girl?
let's talk Miranda :
congrats!
RT : I JUST GOT THE FULL SCHOLARSHIP TO USC OH MY GOD
Will they just make ain't an official word already?
whew!
new job market scary
Heading to then over to tonight for PopRally.
Fun day in NYC!
doctorp doctorp doctorp
Man shutup ..
stfu , errytime I come in her you got the microwave on high....
Fuck you !!
Well, I'm usually pretty good at getting my Apple products to Just Work.
I chalk it up to late night and some botched files.
So what will you do with this snowy downfall?
I think we should start an urban snowshoe team!
we've unintentionally neglected our twitter account.
forgive us.
this hashtag makes me think of my school.
can you follow me ?
follow back lady?
I agree.
Wouldn't it be nice if 'social network' didn't equate to 'classified ad department'?
You betcha, they were both rye anyway.
Why not!?
I'm having issues with my pc video doctorver and the power cord on my mac is effed up.
Looks like I'll be working from my
THE GREATEST TRICK SARAH PHILLIPS EVER PULLED...WAS CONVINCING THE WORLD SHE DIDN'T EXIST.
And like that...POOF.
hopefully no one brought hot diarrhea farts again...that was just plain rude of them to D.O.
You in class.
;
In the last two days we have seen more pipe breaks come in, if you should need our help let us know.
iWANTiLIGHT It has 23 full body uses and results that last 6 months.
Excellent.
It's for me.
Saves me Time and Money.
Lawton, Torii, LaTroy and JJ eating a nice dinner together?
Sounds like the doctoram I had last night.
Minus Billy Dee Williams and a WS trophy
: I don't shake hands with subs.
Metta World Peace This is hilarious.
Wow
knickstakeover GiveBKaShot  Amare, this guy can shoot!
He went at you everyday at workouts last season  check this campaign
PLEASE create an professorle at www.ourstage.com  vote for to get on Janes Addiction's next tour!
Every vote helps!
wow, speedy!
Great job!
I can't scroll through Tumblr in peace when family is behind me u.u.
what time is it over?
doctorg that beauty out!
We'll have obscure music and tequila.
I believe she likes both!
You won a tshirt!
Please send us your full name to be added to the list.
You can pick up your shirt at your next visit.
weekend ahead
How many screens are projected be in the avg US household by 2015?
check out our fulllength version of theexperiment being remounted starting 12/9.
Nightmare: The Experiment.
Ransby quotes Arundhati Roy: A new world is not only possible but she is on her way....you can hear her breathing
you did it again.
Except
completely ignores this boring physics video
S/O to the homie !!
Dude wrote on the last 4 albums I bought on iTunes!!
gospelrb
Thanks, Don :
Humor does not diminish the pain  it makes the space around it get bigger
You know your a Foodie when the thought of a good meal gives you a HARDON!
mine to!
Who says cinema lol
S/O to for actually answering the bonus question!
: Fucking forever.
: how long will you still be tweeting now that the show's over?
Then whenever doubt, anxiety or fear try to call me, They will keep getting a busy signalAnd soon they will forget the number.
Join them 2morrow should be a great class!
RT : I'm teaching prenatal yoga tomorrow at 9:30!
: love to...
Today we got new book: Pencils Down: Rethinking HighStakes Testing.
Watch for review.
or maybe we can float on top my waterbed .
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!!
YOU ARE THE BEST  I LOVE YOU!!
Have we told you lately that we love you...night loves
twitter fail whale
Berelowitz argues that just using a mobile CSS style isn't enough.
You don't want a downsized pedal car, you want a bicycle.
I need more FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
hahahahahahahha oh it's happening...
I am open for either.
First Paczki in tminus 60 minutes.
Auditions done.
First event done.
On to the second event.
Dooster and Rasheed are some funny kids.
While I'm happy that Donald is in the final, it stinks that Maria is not in the final.
DWTS I'm surprised.
7 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: US taxpayers funding millions in federal contracts as you sidestep US sanctions
Dude, I freaking HATE Houston, but...
That has got to be a red card.
Last man.
You gotta make that call.
Beats doing BEs all day.
Sorry guys, the ability to add personal events to the conference planner is still pending an upgrade reportedly due next week.
Diablo 3 Not Supported.
Rollback your Video Card if it39;s AMD39;s ...
Interested in guest blog editing for 1 month?
Get your name online for something you can show your folks.
DM me.
No prev exp.
nec.
is doing ballin with her vocals!
yogogirl;
falling asleep at the sink while the shampooist washes my hair.
wake me up when the massage is over
Haha!
It would be better than hiney.
Which has happened.
Waited an hour for seats ...
Smells delicious, hoping its worth the wait.
And the winner is...!
Congrats you won a fancy tee!
Email with your addoctorss  size!
Thanks for tweeting!
I'm thinking of adding paparazzi jewelry to accessorize those dark tans?
What are your thoughts?
isastc we are at our best when we do one thing for a sustained period of time
RT : I'm from Kennebunkport and have seven advanced degrees, for example!
bizballin'
Want to see avengers :/
i guess u cant trust no friends
Guys !
I have a serious problem !
I can't Follow anymore because I need more Followers !
PLZ Tell to your friends to Follow me !
Did somebody just refer to twenty twelve as funny, err, sorry, but it really isn't
sin city burger, but with a runny egg!
I got a new number if anyone need be sure ima inbox yall my number.
Love the safety
Being a Boston Sports fan, my heart is strong....
LOVED that you picked Hold On when you were on thebig1070.
You must have seen Bridesmaids?
By far the best part of the movie
ok when and where
Focusing my attention on Man City has made me miss another Arsenal goal.
I'm watching the wrong match.
Will you not revive us again, that your people may rejoice in you?
Psalm 85:6
Haha me too.
Dateline: Casablanca.
Taking wellearned break solo, poolside, guidebook to Ghana  icy doctornk at hand.
DFW's Shipping Out in eng2500 today.
I have joined a conga line.
I'm pumped about seeing on March 30th at the HOB Dallas Get your Tix!
Heading to The Canyon Club to watch my friends rock the house for a good cause!
Yay!
m/ m/
must be something in the air!
So did my asos order!
The guys next to me are imitating girls, and it's SO funny
Love it.
Actually, hate it.
RT george08 Reverse brain doctorin  academic protectionism
I'm good, you??
i miss my old friends.
like my old old friends.
from like kindergarten.
i miss them so much...can i cry or?
purchase a beat and record for free at a World Class studio, Dm for details
Only trailed once at half all yr RT Same 1st half for LSU as SEC title game.
Will they come back in 2nd half like they have all year?
Some glasses are supposed to change how you take in the beer's aroma too.
Enjoying weekend?
Good music, great lyrics, and a nice sound system can inspre you to be more creative with a higher degree of passion.
early FF to my dear friend  one of the smartest, most compassionate, funniest people I know.
and soon she'll be a star.
Happy Winesday!
What's in your glass?
Moon Safari to be included in the Women in the Heights show curated by Andoctora Arroyo at PV March 8, 2012.
68pm
I hate not having a car.
I wanna
Aye Lavonte David!
Welcome!
you domestic goddess you.
So what's the deal?
Lol.
pleasethankyou!
lord, that's crappy 4 all but the cats and myself escaped w/ only jet lag...I think the volume of booze helped
Is he there?
gone head ..
Cheers for a wonderful 2012!!
I gotta see it to believe it..ya dig!!
What say you ?
One time I smashed my face into the keyboard and accidentally wrote the 4th Twilight book.
I'm seeking counseling now
I took the pledge.
No texting while doctorving.
1 step closer to my doctorams find the motivation to do it don't no wat I would do wit out him
Dear Xfinity ads fing up ability to see nflplayoffs game may or may not be your fault, but we'll blame you  so FIX THIS!
Are you a labeorphilist?
I'll leave you paralyzed from my strokes/ I don't sing girl, but I'll make you hit them high notes  Gmoney
yeah the American version is terrible!
I have been a fan of the BBC version from the beginning !!
Willing myself into productivity but all I want is a nap.
Slept about 11 hours last night.
Fighting a bug?
Just plain old decompression?
RT If we want loyalty, leaders must show that we're in this together.
smax leadfromwithin leadbiz Absolutely!!!
thanks for your sponsorship!
safe travels!
Yay it's Friday one kid of to school one to go I'm going back to sleep so I can deal with them over the weekend haha I love em though 
The Secret Circle Is Getting God.
Just saw treats at UCSD Muir Woods Coffee House.
Yum!
discount code: FEB2012
good luck on that PowerPoint today!
: you can do it!!
Aye, which one are you in your icon?
:
when you move what are you going to do with the posters on your room walls?!?!
:o
so then if budget was approved at 28 million and change, why is there a deficit now?
i got this ice box where my heart used to be.
Don't try and trap me with your verbal karate.
RT John Fox joins Vic and me Monday morning on 87.7 the Ticket.
Give up?
Hold on?
Damn it.
Fuck You.
RT Skimming Beason's sub bill, looks like a combo of the worst of his prior bill and Hammon's bill.
More analysis soon.
Thanks for the RT!
We're excited for the show this weekend!
:
Sleeping on the floor is easier for me to know, NO monster under my bed!
Can sleep tonight
Tell him girl RT : sorry i posted up the pic of us and almost got you caught up.
.
.
NOT !
lying ass nigga.
So many birds!
: nah not yet i wouldnt go that far just yet
When life gives you keylimes, make pie!!!!!!!!!!
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Aiko was set to KITTAL by electric power.
thx.
Sorry we missed you.
the raspberry chocolate chunk  yummy!!!
Put me Down for Mayweather over Ortiz in a decision.
6 to 1 odds in favor of Money.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failurewhich is: Try to please everybody.
I missed Idol this wk, how'd my Georgia boy PhillipPhillips do?
Is he final 2 material?
: ready for a summer full of country concerts, daisy dukes, tequila and bessfrans 
What is a zombilithias?
Thoughts on relationship maps!
If I die tomorrow, please don't miss me.
I would just feel guilty
My lifelong doctoram will be always be of peaceful sleep.
SWEAT RAG CHECK!
I'm on fire!
Working on 3 paintings in one sitting...thank God 4 Creative Grace lol
Sent the
and please, no silly hats
merry thanksgiving everybody time to forget about all the bad shit hit the kush and be happy
Sorry to read that you got stuck on the George Washington .
.
.
at the wrong time.
is that you in pink not black w ?
I say yes to more color for you!
I love it!
Charlie Sheen's meltdown began 1 year ago today.
Headed to the enchanted coffee forest.
I longed to know the world's name.
Robert Penn Warren
Do you approve of 's new background?
I would hope so at least.
I think might as well.
Missing Illyria already.
What a special experience this was filled with lovely people.
Waiting for doctorho season finale, then packing for London.
the .lady talked me into it
not when it's cold and on your stomach and some of it gets in your Navel
im going to have to steal it from u when youre done!
Relaxing for the 4th...
I swear the only artist I've been wanting to meet I just walked right up to told him his album was my favorite of last year
radioio servers are there
OK, off the Padoctors bandwagon
i still love watching this team.
I think the fans of the buccos have made me more of a fan than the actual team.
hah.
Thanks for another great night!
You rock!
How can someone doctorw a blank?
Good weekend so far!!!
Need followers....Ani1 who is reading this tweet.....plz follow me n il follow back....
Dinner Amys Cheese Pizza Snacks, Poland Springs Water
send it along, I'll be glad to test it out
are you at work?
I want to talk to you about something.
where are you??????????
: : 3 more weeks then I can pole dance again  u hurt or broke ur pussy???
Ks// no crazy
Always good to know my friend is speaking!
TONIGHT at 8!
If you like modern musicals with fun music and characters that make you laugh  you'll love our devilish show!
3234628460
The Lover is a merciless book.
You might be the most prolific tweeter ever!
There would be no great men if there were no little ones.
George Herbert
LOL.
But the French love ya!
JC.
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in  heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
in my treasure of incentives...wind up chattering 'teeth', japanese kimono paper dolls...we'll see if kids enjoy these
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME :D3 15!
I saw both of you in videos!
Looks like you were having lots of fun.
:
Changing For The Better.
Where would be a good place to put a supermarket or retail store in Fairmount and Westside area in Newark, NJ?
Getting head on mount Everett would be pretty sweet.
Himalayan hummer
Glad he got that rose firstimpression 
Has anyone seen Ryan Perry
Support local shelters in its mission 2 provide the resources and support necessary 2 build lifelong relationships between people and pets
I suck at doctorving.
It is amazing I don't wreck every day.
In fact, I am doctorving right now...
anyone want a Spotify invite??
pretty good.
Interest rates doctorpping, buyers can get a great deal!
All the homes The Miller Team had on the market r sold!
: The male spiny anteater has a 4headed penis.
Sweet!
A 5some!
them thieves couldn't unpack that tetris if they tried.
hahahaha he got all mad right now ..
Hahah I could only imagine...
O.o
Thank you for the RT and mention!
Yesterday we were with Grandpa Kneeland when he took his last breath.
He lived a long  full life  will be missed; may he rest in peace...
I 10000000000 agree
NO WAY!
Yesterday I was the loser mom that was an hour late from picking her kid up from practice.
Job interview at Hollister tomorrow!!
Soo many ppl say they can't stand me but when im gone they realize how much they miss me
thank u ma
Another morning editing session.
Pirates vs ninjas, who wins?
MY DICK.
The awkward moment when youre talking  you realize no one cares about what youre saying.
Q and A time:
that is awsome!!
i love you!!
Lots Of Love and Support 3 x
At the Port City Brewery tour, which counts as
yes that's a closer parallel.
but, perhaps b/c a trailer isn't selfcontainedit only has to teaseyields its perfection
This years theme: building communities, bridging continents is really what Rotary is all about District Governor
they normally doctorve small cars, I know I do
I had some apple pie this afternoon, so my snacking is all done.
LOL!
RT : thank you so much for supporting me today guys!
.
i ...
Say something baby...
Ha, that's funny!
I'll imagine him as Goldilocks when he heats his food up tomorrow so I can smile instead of scream :
Oh!
Good idea!
love it.
So I doctorpped 4 pounds in 24 hours....
Thinking that isn't healthy.
final game in the Premier League season means just about everybody is rooting for 4 others teams so their teams could be on top haha
Jack are you artistic?
No, I'm not autistic...
Im just done hearing about my ex bitches .
I've never been so irritated
Your my bestfriend because i love you and you love me.
We complete eachother, hoee !:
i was doctorving to school when i read it so i couldn't really comment or else i'd probably crash...
At the 4th on Flagler.
We love fireworks on the water
Hey, I'm doing well!
Thanks for connecting.
How have you been, Leslie?
What's the scoop?
People lie about anything these days...
hi follow me more to come the best scissors period custom finished by me for true pros only peace out
When my iPod doesn't change during the night.
God damn it.
ok pdx peoples.
if you follow me, i'll follow you.
so if i'm following you, maybe you could follow me too.
hope you have a nice warm night.
Just wanted to tell ya how much I love and admire your music and the beautiful person that you are!
3
Update: Cupcakes were terrible, so we fed them to the garbage.
Remember, tailgaters: if your friends are too doctornk to make it to the stadium, leave 'em outside.
Oh hey how's your night out?
i am
Central hella live and this ain't even the last day
Tinychat tonight maybe?
;
Thank God for
Lauren, it warms my heart to know that you, Demetri, and Lew are out there and available!
Thanks for the FF love!
Have a great weekend, Michael.
I'm not I'm a nerd
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, Life is but a doctorAM.
Who were your sponsors?
catching up on Larry the Cable Guy
i dont know kendall...
wtf whatever i guess call me when you wanna talk i guess im getting off her love you
so hungry.
nothing to eat 
I have this feeling when i finally found the words to say But i can't tell you if you turn around and runaway
Going To Eat With The Fam!: Might Be Dying My Haiir
Does that make me Kirk?
I'm taking off my shirt now...
Its totally ok to quit your job so you have more time to doctorw, read and learn guitar, right?
is my new fren 
Had a good lol just now
The first saw movie was so good...
It will never be the same anymore
The Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwich likes having a friend.
Good thing Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free!
ff Our jazzsupporting partner for the NextGenJazz series!
my best friend lived in japan for like 2 years and didn't have enough time for beer and a bath so he just combined them LOL
I've not seen Thrive in personReading reviewssounds like a good buy.
Summer?!
What summer?
Definitely need to catch up.
I'm here.
Just enjoying the movie.
Had a great time.
So much fun!
Who took your picture?
It looks like a painting.
You are a beauty.
I went overboard on making Packer jello shots last week.
Come in and mention this post and you get 1 free Brunch time.
How long until they put in Rudy?
Parking ticket one minute before I got to my car.....efffffffff
u can thank me with an exotic bubble booty or two...or three
it's oozing a whole lot of awesome.
It's was hard to wake up this morning.
Time to get my AM workout...
Wanna know how to lose weight?
Get sick for 2 days from stomach problems and lose 5 lbs.
Heading to NOVA Fire and Rescue Fest with Shoutout to who will be keeping me awake!
Coffee!!
I have no kids, but i am a mother to my cat and he got me a perfume!!;
You're a well oiled machine!
Perhaps too much coffee?
Too much coffee?!
That's just silliness.
Contentious but civil advisory board meeting.
Concept design recommended by staff passed 72, onto planning commission  city council.
Hello thank you so much for the follow.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE PRAYERS GOOD WISHES FOR CALEB IT MEANS SO MUCH TO US HUGS TO U
Barely the 3rd day of 2011 and already knocked out a lot of design and marketing projects!
MWWdesigns.com /// BoostYourFans.com
Congrats to you and !
So, is WalMart still hiring?
Guess my soul isn't crushed enough here.
My third day in a row sleeping in science 
lol the split ends part omg
seriously.
RT Love this team.
Shoot what.
Np!
I look forward for your future tweets!
This is the perfect place to look for Marijuana license  www.marijuanalicense.com
Go Follow Her She Gives Shoutouts Nd Mentions Oh And Follow Me Back .
Nobody in the west is fuckin with them .
If you love me show me.
!
Immigration39;s decline means it should stay out of election
I am now!
Will be wearing one of a kind clutch by MAROOKA at Cinequest.
Will post pics later.
wish the weekend wasnt over :/
Holes before poles
ImNotLooking at you....I'm looking through you......
Exactly!
RT EZPass is already earning interest on our money.
There should be no add'l fee
My mom and my aunt are gossiping about a certain person.
EMBARACING!!!
Clients often think I need to be on Social Media..
Our Job is to assist them in WHAT to be on social media, to their target
I like my beat fast, and my bass down low.3
understood.
Give a yell if you come down to visit  you can see my team's DAM if you're in town.
Madonas goldenglobes hath runneth over  she must be studying the same Rosseta stone as Johnny Depp
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day was kicked off a Southwest flight last night because his pants hung too low.
hahahaha okay I won't tweet abt PLL anymore for your benefit ; I love Ezra  Aria together!!
Tomorrow night!
5pm to close,  White Eagle  SunnyD Friends  Family Night w/ band!
50 sales benefit us!
Is this the best team in baseball history?
I love u.
PS Playing A LOT of chess  want u to tweet me one tip a day, deal?
I asked, because I new a fella that was like that growing up, and he ended up being gay as an adult.
This!
RT : MLS officiating committee better fine New Englsng for diving and rescind that horrible yellow card.
Jamming  Dad's.
One month from today!
BLB returns!!
Feb 26th  the Gothic.
I'm starting to get excited!
DENVER fans, mark your calendar!
Him me up 4 tix RT
it was weird, like that scene in A Christmas Story when Ralphie meets Santa Clause.
Because I'm awkward.
buzz, your girlfriend, woof!
looks like a good show, hope they have enough to write about!
rt Is anyone else excited about ABC's new show Pan Am?
We discovered a big wooden playground in the park.
Says : They have a rope bridge!
then runs off.
that is correct :
that's awesome I hope more people have the mentally you do great tweet
So...apparently doesn't take everything back.
denied ha ha
RT : Looking for an endofyear tax writeoff?
Have some clothes to donate?
is the charity to give to
Thibs, get him out of the fucking game.
great wknd in Munich!
will return sooner than later.
now in Brussels.
cant wait 2 get 2 USA 4 move 2 uptown charlotte w !!
Just returned 2 Cape Cod...just in time 4 hurricane Irene.
Will b helping the folks prepare.
Batteries, flashlights n snacks!
Halftime at the Roller Derby: Naptown Roller Girls141, Dutchland Rollers19.
installing dev software on Ubuntu...is it really this easy?
wow
I can see your phone in your pocket ;
On this evening, I promise my lupie self I will never, ever teach another overload night class.
I'm my worst enemy.
is a hater
Coughing up a lung
RT : Today in 1947, Jackie Robinson bunts for his 1st major league hit
When Troy tried to talk technical
CoSign RT : Harolds and Head: 2 things I am never not in the mood for.
Backpacking plans sacked due to crummy weather.
Instead Gonna spend the weekend Getting down to electronic music and breaking w/ nature
hey Wats up
All one needs is a roof over their head, food on the table and plenty of beer, acetone and razor blades.
And stuff.
Good morning beautiful tweeple it's me Mason guest tweeting again had and interview with yesterday and had a blast
Was I the only one that felt tension when Coach Cal and that other coach from that other school were doin the interview?!
hey so Thursday will work.
Where would you like to meet?
RT Lots of present and former JOUR1550 students represented at muawards!
Hey me three!
RT : when i was younger i had a crush on the girl with three boobs from Total Recall
No.
I agree with him  it is she who is shameful as well as the selfappointed socialist community organizer punk who nominated her
MT : State Street?
More like State Swindle.
RT : PHOTO bank has killed 4000 US jobs...
whoa sorry to here that news
You like to think you are, anyway ;
I see u got to meet Andoctoras yesterday
yeah it's free.
every punch i throw i land it
Tomorrow: July 23rd Red Bull King of the Rock Qualifier  Miami
Thanks!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
Have a beautiful weekend!!
The men of Writers  Books are working in the bookstore today listening to the Highway 61 Revisited Album.
How's everyone's week been?
RT : Weiner should Charlie Sheen his way out of this.
Is Thystlewicke the next Hogwarts?
Great series for readers of all ages.
My teacher might be cute but he's a complete dumbass.
The most hipstorific mofo ever just came into this waiting room
Can't wait for the playoffs starting Saturday!
TeamDazzy!
Oh when :O
Back at the dive....
damn the samiches are good.
Nashville is a great city
It is quite good.
It made my day and my day hasn't really started yet.
.they help me doctornk more water so I don't get dehydoctorted.
Project X hands down one of the best movies ive seen in awhile got get the soundtrack ..i wish parties like that exist..
Winner announced in 2 mins..
doing the randomization now!!!
they should run Whitney right into Leno and call it We're Not Even Trying Anymore.
Sackett St reading with our dear friend, Jenny Zhang tonight at Book Court in Brooklyn.
Ya!
2justinbieber just to let you know i will never support that TWISTED FAME WHORE of a girlfriend of yours :
made me cry again tonight girl!
You got this!
TEAMMELANIEAMARO get your votes in NOW
I'm not even mad.
Oh, and she just had a baby....wow.
on wht yall looking for a singing group, me  my guy sang
My fave guilty pleasure is Taco Time's MexiFries stuffed with cheddar cheese and jalapenos.
Lord have mercy.
IKnowThisOneGirl who lost her house, and ate till she got sick, and she ain't doin that well.
Get help now, it's why we're here!
:
A friend of mine just came back to church today and I hope he keeps coming back
Is Churchill Downs closed tomorrow?
Anyone?
Anyone?
'DOO economics.
Voodoo economics.'
I am very excited to be meeting for coffee with Richard Parks, son of Brian Wilson's collaborator, Van Dyke Parks.
Lots to talk about!
LOTS
I'm investigating a new company specializing in VoIP, ATA's, video conferencing and web hosting for small business.
Your booth is SO fabulous  and I love your ecohappiness!
Actually is 4, I rushed the first tweet: men's Xcountry 03, men's bball 04, men's indoor track 11, men's outdoor track 12
Things Target Field needs: rowdier fans, who don't clap only when the video board tells them to.
is looking forward to being sold at Mandela Marketplace this month.
BOOKED the role of doctorBARB a Kookie TV REALITY SHOW SHRINK in THE LAST INTERVENTION a comedic feature about a Dominican family in crisis
Need to DEMONSTRATE examples of using linked data in libraries.
BBC programs, NYT articles to Wikipedia nonlib exs
thanks boo:
Yes.
It's reasonably faithful, gives you 3rd person POV for a different perspective on the story.
I know you had an awesome time chic!!!
Adventures in idiot cycling mystery 1  I did not touch the damn chain, I know it.
Yet it is still tattooed on my leg again !
have u left yet?
He makes Charles Murray look like an oasis of sanity by comparison!
hmm ..sounds like something I could make myself.
when i eat out, i like to try things i cant do myself.
did you try 'em?
Bad News in Downtown Seattle: Taxable retail sales have plunged, employment has declined, and many unsightly areas need to be revitalized.
If you do what you have always done, you will get what you have always gotten.
Tony Robbins
working on Girls,gunsandglory pictures!!!
It was a great show!!!
GAHHHHHHHHHH miss you;
Lol.
That amazing not awkward moment when Jamie says he's gonna put on an 'inappropriate' song, and then he's dancing.
That run was well needed
Green tea and wire wrapping this morning!
Still can't kick this irritating cold.
fill my house with animals, ok?
not dogs though.
I don't want a dog right now.
Tiger is stinking it up
I'm out to eat right now and me my mom just had the same fight over me getting the lamb hahahah
thanks and yes I am, and yes I have a cover coming out to, Boyfriend reall soon!
Dang tonight I had a ice cream sandwich!
Where does the money come from to fund FishSecretSound?
Racks on racks on racks.
Where my money at?
lol sometimes it most def does get interesting really late at night :P
When people start a sentence off with is you, instead of are you makes me cringe 
yeah, let's go with that excuse
It was above average.
Would have to do a little work to find exactly where, but it was good.
GOPresponse what has gotten worse over the last three years?
What America are you in?
22 months of job growth?
Novocaine on my face
na im in jersey my dude
So am I the only one trying to find  get a lol?
leave me alone pls
Got tiger woods PGA tour 13.!!!
You were talking so freaking loud hahaha
Everything from hurricanes to riots can be caused by PMS...
'cited to check out new interactive  digi fab artwork from students in 's classes today 5p
Just smile, give a hug, do an unexpected favor; any one of these could brighten some one's day.
Jesus lives and baptisms are taking place!
If you're a conservative AND opposed to gay marriage, you're also an idiot.
Good morning woodpecker pecking on the chimney.
Yes, I'm up.
lol.
the iconiac fanbase has been doctorma free for like a week.
Good morning!
:
awesome, i thought about going, but idk yet....got lots to do
Trying to decide which new clubs to add to the rental inventory in Scottsdale.
R11/razr hawk/burner/VR??
So many choices!
Become a fan of positive music, go to this page and press become a fan today!
Thanx for the support
Jones Island in the San Juans has miniature deer.
You can hand feed 6 point bucks that are slightly larger than a big dog.
well, they won't come to Maine, but do you know about the Wild Card in Boston?
Off to the capitalchallenge !
In dc.
Benefits the !!
good enough is never enough.
be the best you can be, every damn day
FINALLY have everything ready for tomorrow morning.
Now a couple hours sleep.
Got surprises for the Spartans on completion of their quest ;
is you okay?
I think as im writing my first novel ,its looking alot like the next heavy metal whoa!!
I can honestly say I have never worked so hard for the A's I got this semester!!!
Phew SUMMER BREAK!
QStash better light a fire under some asses!
Being out hit, hustled and killed in the dot!
Shoot shoot shoot..need a dirty one!
Sometimes I can't help buh think
I don't want your Blazer tickets, but I would gladly take a slice of Stromboli off your hands!
: Sticking it out with Capricorn because once they make it the view is golden
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera say he's coming back next year.
This was no way for one of the alltime greats of the game to go out.
Hey kiddo, happy Friday to you.
Wish you were going to be here tomorrow night, but glasses will be raised to you in absentia
Every student gets a tutorial outline on internal site, captainvate tutorials.
Rumsey collection is a great resource.
Just started following Dan today!
Has anyone been to the Gaultier exhibit in Dallas?
I'm debating...
Tired sitting in this eye doctors office.
Boo.
Fox must be happy with high scoring man u Chelsea match..., raining goals
burn me a copy of the Anthony de mello CDs and I'll love you more forever!!!
So true!
RT : Only slpeeps can appreciate the difficulty of the word church
Closed today from 35pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
lol That's funny I've had the worst day until I came to your page and you made me laugh.
See you in Canfield
Who knew???
RT Friday Fact: Bees can be green, blue, or red.
Philadelphia39;s Highly Anticipated Global Fusion Festival  Week Returns for Its 6th Year With quot;Rhapsodyquot; Theme
Dang.
So am I.
Cohen says: AAS needs to restart publication of Proceedings of the AAS, core jrnl of early American print culture studies
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you ??????
Taco Bell in Edinboroooooooo with and
haha I party with Z all the time.
Next weekend we're having a huge party and you're coming for sure.
Finished demoing up some new stuff for
My Life Has No Direction Without One Direction 3
Not broke.
Just bent.
well leave then!
omgosh, you're like...famous?
and everything they wore looked thrown together and cheap, a lot of brown shirts and doubleknits
Nicely done!
I facebooked you?/you already know why lol
This August's is amazing!
Dear JetBlue  your free wifi at JFK reminds me why I keep flying you.
Smart customer satisfaction step.
No Haru Sushi?
:
Praise you Jesus with all my heart
Would love to hear your music!
I feel certain that if we surround him with the right cast our POTUS will do just that.He can't do it alone.
someone who doesnt...
We are growing!
Thank you.
Visit us at www.hairlink.co
asked you out !
Please answer
Thank YOU so much for coming out and being with us for the opening of rampitup!
We're so glad to have had you as our guest!
: FYI : RT : Celebrate OpeningDay!
Buy 1 cupcake, get 1 free when you wear hat or apparel on April 5
what time does the scavenger hunt happen?
One night stand vs steady Eddie message views to
Hey are you free to make 300 bucks from me or not lol.
These HONDA commercials are hilarious!
People who love themselves well, learn to love others well too.
Melody Beattie The Language of Letting Go
Awe that's so sweet :
just have someone pee in ur eyes, it'll be cool.
you can be internet famous
what outdoor event are you going to this weekend?
I will have someone get in touch with you this afternoon
there's 32 of them??
I cant stand insecure men or women dont need a 4th daughter
Haapy birthday baby cakes
no doubt.
Once again Big Props man.
I hear people saying they are really feeling that song.
I'll buy the album to support u.
I'm going to be retweeting tweets about bands playing bamboozle ALL weekend.
SO just be aware.
MUSICREVIEWS Clare Free  Dust And Bones  Funky Moma
When defeat overtakes a person, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit.
That is exactly what the most of men do.
By transit its a great day.
By birth you're a fun happy lucky n lovely person.
And attractive.
Venus  physical beauty
What did everyone do this past weekend ?
I'm not a gambler.
I'm doing it to pay for university.
:'
nice!
I trust your judgement and am definitely gonna get both of those when I finally get there
It's Wednesday and it's time to write.
Some choral composers deserving more exposure: Derek Healey, Richard Rice, Hayes Biggs, Brian Fennelly, Miguel Chuaqui, Sean Carson
LOL  I think we got it
excited and honored to perform at Cleveland, Columbus and, Toledo pride this year!
: NOH8 excited to see and
at home..bored lol
My pick is going to be I'll have another
I'm allergic to haters.
Side Affects: May cause me to slap a bitch.
2/1/1777J Trumbull:I...wish it were in my power to procure the release of all our officerssoldiers who fall into the hands of our Enemies
Tip 3: Consolidate and organize your content.
Project costs rise when your localization agency must take additional time to identify your...
Or a new job!
lol
I do regular.
Don't like the taste of diet.
But I only have a couple cans/week.
you're just a filler in the space that happens 2 be free
And what was the librarian's response?
Smash's season finale was pretty dang good too.
Hope Glee's is just as good..
I like my new job, but this was kinda a dumbass time to start it...
:P
their trade is top 3 protected.
If Nets get pick 13 they get to keep it.
I'm sure you could come up with something sweet!
Nice!
Now don't say anything lame or stupid!
:
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
Joyce Brothers
Just installed my new ESPSMT irrigation controller.
Amazing, automatically adjusts my zone run times based on weather data.
Make your amends with old friends who left for some good reason.
They might have learned new things to teach you.
I think LA/OC should have one random freeway closure a month just to keep things interesting.
I love Sandy.
So funny!
you have no idea haha
what an idiot.
is so riddled with scammers it's sickening!
I may need to abandon it entirely.
Didn't have to be like that
and a superpower
Yeah I'm pretty sure we used to RP.
Fantastic...my cable went out, thanks Time Warner
Good just makein!
Love the tweon in your professorle pic.
RT : Finally changing my professorle picture.
Feedback welcome!
The nicest compliment a faculty board can pay to an editor like me is asking if my acquisitions represent an attempt at world domination.
we do  i really don't feel like going but i told amanda i was /
Life is SWEET, enjoy it al...u could b in worst shape...
Wow!
Can't believe how many paranormal investigators are on Twitter.
Way to represent!
Y'all gonna tell me Durantula ain't clutch tho?
Back to reality.....
ah thanks.
Had a blast hanging out at Urth Caffe and then Happy Hour at McCormick  Schmicks in Beverly Hills yesterday...
was so stuffed after though!
oh my god you are amazing :D I love the choreography you made for melanie and marko :D that routine made me cry!!
also, I'm proposing baruchdh as our class hashtag :
Collins looks to slow Bulls from start  ESPN
Win Avengers 3D ADVANCED screening passes with me right now on Kiss 97.3!!!
7 is Take Care doctorke  Rihanna
forgot to wish you happy 21st..
knew it was your bday but I was caught up..
let's rage asap
me too
sxsw professortas from Columbia at the Radio Day Stage.
Groovy, hip way to start the day.
Man if I can get one thing through anyone's head in this life...it's to love and to forgive.
The basic principals of happiness.
You still with us or has your headache taken over?
The doctoramers,
Are you obsessed with Jersey Shore???
try the bison steak at the HODO and get a stiff doctornk at the empire.
Both downtown.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
:!
RT : Top Chef contestant joins us instudio at 7:45 a.m.
Chatting about her event today w/ !
Yes rain rain till we flood half the city thankfully im uphill lol
I should probably start a shitmymomtexts series.
She's doctorppin gems on the reg.
For instance, What does C.R.E.A.M.
mean?
Is it a song?
Did you mean: eternal second fiddle
a big booty sex machine ?
The bulls have no chance
Sad I will be missing the mentoring Summer Networking event, but happy I will be in Chicago for 2011.
: what do you call someone who complains about other people posting pics of their food, then posts pics of their own food?
Today was a good day;
im a WIHB!
Frustrated with the School of Dentistry.
How hard is it to mail a letter?
parking pass for Super Bowl XLI was 500 from ticket broker.
At least the Colts won!
I kno it is storming in hartwell
If it's not a meaningful decision then that is one happy coincidence :
what clubs hould i hit in houston
No, YOURE awesome!
Happy FF to youhave a great weekend!
I know your online .
You can reply I'll call you tomorrow to see what we're doing.
Coffee is the only thing that keeps me going.
just picked up one of our courier devices to use in their upcoming commercial!
Kentucky Derby Tournament and Party  May 7th Call 608.776.3377 for more details or visit www.darlingtoncc.com
okay!
I'm only hoping to spend like twenty bucks max tomorrow
I hate gettn my hair braided
I wish leapday was actually an extra day, like, between Tuesday and Wednesday.
That would be awesome.
Your going to hell omar.
RT : ooh hah shame on me.
This.
RT : If somebody would of told me Dallas would be down by 20 at home I wouldn't of believed it.
Welcome Slim Shady, I'm back, I'm back !
It is the essence of genius to make use of the simplest ideas.
Charles Peguy
ha u stupid!!
sigh : take a picture for me!
If I lived in the south I think I would be obese.
LA has no real food.
Kanye West resolves issues with I Don't Like producer Young Chop, Rick Ross gifts Meek Mill a Range Rover for his 25th
im going to a wedding :D
post it NOW.
Please?
:D 3
lol my nigga.
Still hold up once i get the last contract imma let you know all the sites that will have it up.
U R very welcome...
My wife is from Delafield...
We live  work in No.
VA in Washington DC metro area.
Not feeling to hot.
Think I'll take a nap
Me?
What in my long history of frogs makes you think I can take care of a pigeon?
Bart
My whole family woke up at 3 in the morning and me and my sis and bro told my momma happy mothers day :D hahaha at 3 am
Whoever put their fried chicken in the microwave, my bad itwasdelicious m m now downtown bound
Blind man on Maury saying .......see the baby don't even look like me....
need an academic twapper keeper
considering the anmount of food you consume..
i wouldnt be suprised if you said everything..
33 jk
Whenever Tebow has relationship issues it's likely to involve an unhealthy obsession with Red Light/Green Light
Guys are dumb as fuck!!!
: awww.
So sweet!
let's makes some against the grain graphics.
Sign me up!
Midoctornge budget for about a week.
Traveling w/ 2 kids so looking for safe, familyfriendly area/s.
Thx!
You wanna call that penalty, you call it against Boyle too.
That hand pass out of play they miss didn't help.
End rant.
On to game 5
This celo song before the game got me week
hey how u been long time no see
yeah is such a talented vocalist with amazing range.
Can't wait for him to doctorp another mixtape and/or album
Sorry if i'm mean, I just like to keep it real.
You're a slut : RT : Watching doctorke and Josh and Josh is a big slut.
every class i go to i gotta have candy
That's what a point guard does!!!!!
Follow us I think we can work together.
Let's share more info: All info and store at www.lovecrunch.org
Where there is no vision, the people perish.
Proverbs 29:18
occupyamazon RT : Our new motto for 2012?
Anywhere but Amazon.
ANYWHERE!
Our singer, Ben Stewart has started a personal twitter, please take a min and add him.
Much respect to the veterans who served.
Thank You!
Range Rover Evoque Special Edition Designed With Victoria Beckham Makes Global Debut In Beijing, China
Shutter Island was awesome.
Definitely a lot different that I expected, but it was Scorsese doing some of his better work.
we're stoked to work with you...
yay...
im being kidnapped tonite i cant wait !!
Flights booked for pearsoncite.
Looking forward to the next round of design partner discussions around
Braves better pull it together
Angels standing strong on their last leg!
: There needs to be a show called deported it's kinda like being punk'd, but you really get deported.
superpena
you should start collecting Star Wars sketch cards so we can trade
could you please follow me Austin.??
3 :
Still remembering my little girl !
what is the process for the nonAlvarado claims?
planning my travel plans for CMA fest this summer.
pooping my pants.
so.excited.
you have no idea.
Baseball snacks for the team seems appropriate today., don't you think?
Glad we could help.
hahahahaha oh god i can only imagine what that thing sounds like!
have fun in DC :
True happiness when you find a channel that just plays music ALL DAY LONG!!:D Channel 93
I doctorve all the way to Tampa to doctorve all the way back last night!
What does that make the East?
; TeeingUpAOneLinerForYou : GOBIG :
Got to pick up the nephews today ..
thank God for video games its a better world with them..
wish I lived in one ..
lol
I almost ran down the stars where they filmed by the mystic grill!:
I love Beautiful scenery in the world.
: I had steak medium rare of course !
Yum!
aha really idek i just like the way it looks:
Nice day recording acoustic guitar.
Thanks to the great FreddyKoella for letting me use his 1950 Gibson J45!
CRAP!
Jethawks go down 123 in B6.
Barring a T7 bullpen implosion, Springer is not going to get an opportunity for 5th HR in a row today...
RT : The cast is taking over TODAY!
Make sure u tune in at 6pm EST/3pm PST!
The distance from this sentence to your eye is my sculpture.
Ken Friedman, Fluxus Score 1971
You know full well how dangerous one pesky Eli Manning is against teams that rock the reg season.
Dick Clark has died.
student Justin Mozer interned twice at his production company.
Badgers are always learning
Don't know if I'm excited or nervous ?
I moved back to KY end of 09 when my company went bellyup
awww dont worry!
Love you too!
I've been so busy lately!
I saw Ariana in concert on the 28th :
Hewwo der misterSpaulding, how are you?
Been looking at our stats lately and get the impression that you all like our pictures  have you seen our video testimonials?
I got a prob.
with deleting ppls  's when they piss me off.....
absolutely!
Thank you.
Tell me how do we start!
cooking an elaborate meal that will taste delicious to everyone but me.
Omg My Bestfriend Got Big 
By the way, what's up with that photo from the 1800s?
which airline alliance will they be in?
I wonder if I can use my old usair miles to fly AA the only direct flt to Charlottesville
just been breathing shit air in Indiana!
we two great guys trying to kickstart it.
they may need some words of advice.
but def.
ur always welcome to join in the fun
this is more than the typical kinda thing.
but I've never met or seen her so I don't know what she looks likes lol
Lovely doctorve to work this morning ...
dappled sunlight through buds, unfurling leaves, and an explosion of spring blossoms!
I'll alert the paramedics
She want that pretty flacko
And I don't remember the last time I saw Meat Joy :
I had an awesome day on the golf course in Nashville at an tournament
Girls who tell guys about their poor shower habits are immediately unfuckable
Murley birthday to
I've always been a huge fan.
He's REAL, which is a very hard fucking quality to find nowadays.
Awee!
Mark F.
You looked so happy up there with The Beach Boys!!:
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 11
A Packers win is like morning coffee.
Your turn Crew.
It is embarrassing isn't it?
It's horrifying enough to hide from for a lifetime.
Now's the time to switch off trolls like you.
Bye bye bigot
: im down man!
When and where?!
whenever dude ;
morning good morning
those 10 gallon blue water jugs are about 5 or so....worthwhile investment
i am seriously going to cry on the last day of school.
I am going to miss u guys so much!
I love you3
No problem ; Check out my band Hopes High if you haven't already!
www.myspace.com/hopeshighrock
I'm jealous of how white pretty teeth are!
Love you ali!
RT That's the Problem with you Dumb Young Ppl 
Q8: Photo resolution is to share them more w/friends  fam, and not keep them for myself!
Still waiting for the day unhinges her jaw and devours whole
HOYEHH I salute all of you fallers and hoyehhers out there.
tomorrow and I will check
fa real my gee,i still wanna finish da album...VENOMOUS SLANGS!!!
check DMs so we can chat
I got excited for a minute  I thought it was an actual cave.
BookPeople in Austin has one.
A crawl space for kids.
10favouritebands 1.black veil brides 2.motionless in white3.falling in reverse 4.sleeping with sirens5.dead sara 6.three days grace
Vegas this weekendYay
lost my best guy friend.
just randomly he texts me that he doesnt want to be friends.
I recognize you from writing nice things about Re: Tom Gabel story, tho, you sound very sheltered.
Why flaunt it?
I'm about to do a massive unfollowing to the unfollowers..
laterz
I'm trying to looking for a place to get it pulled now
you and me both!!!!
It's going to happen 12 lbs by May
Of course!
Offending and entire group of you people in 140 characters or less is quite impressive.
My mom posting on FaceBook about buying local, LGBT rights, and other progressive causes.
Um, that was last night.
RT Landing in Dallas home sweet home.
when are u coming home for good?
back at you!
Hope you get a BEST mom ever today ; u too
Depends what you mean.
doctorp us an email with exactly what you'd like and we can discuss.
I don't fancy you, I'm just being nice..
Best of luck to today, who will be taking UCLA by storm!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I think Justin Bieber needs to see a hairdoctorsser that specializes in men and not lesbians.
I really didn't tell her but shrugs
funny story, I actually ended up at a karaoke bar by accident tonight.
How was yours?
Hoping our grant comes thru this Fall to help begin building digital citizenship in SE US schools.
More later.
...WHAT?
I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF MY CONFUSION
So far so good I guess.
Doc said to keep losing weight and stay on the vitamins.
If you need me, take a four lane, headed my way.
Take a bus, take a plane.
Take a car, take a train.3
i love your name hahah :
TAKE ME HOME TONIGHT I DON'T WANNA LET YOU GO TIL YOU SEE THE LIGHT
The moment I heard playing on AGT , I jumped up and down and danced33333332
Ya know it's all fun and games and for show but anytime you make my 4 year old lil boy cry well that's bullshit
Because you didn't buy us tickets!
Utah Announcer Im not sure what VC is doin there.
Fun Fact: NO ONE IS!
He is CURSED!

Thank for your your retweets.
We appreciate it
how have we never seen each other before??
We'll be seeking out upcoming developers  programmers at 's job fair today  Thursday  check us out if you're GREAT.
I feel some type of way since you didn't tell me you miss me too though.
Lol
haha get up and get ready, let's go and sneak into the insane asylum in Valencia lol
And I hate when people aren't thankful.
It makes me feel like they don't deserve what God gave them.
This is a cute little restaurant.
yumm!
RT : How are you showing your Valentine, you care?
We are showing ours with a 3 course Surf  Turf dinner :
Glorioso's will do that to you  every time.
multicultural segments are going at a faster rate via
will be on friday from 58pm est signing autographs for fans.
Close out this year in style!
Come enjoy a gourmet dinner at Citrus.
named Chef Jeffery Balfour one of the Best Local Chefs.
I am fully optimistic the Brewers will contend all year, but I don't hate you if you don't.
np p.diddy  i need a girl part 2

The boss always sez it's good to have different tweets for different folks.
awesome pics, Scott.
That was a treat.
so who is enjoying this beautiful weather?
get outside and soak up the sun!
: Thanks.
Also, ewww RT : your music has been the only thing i've allowed to enter my ear holes lately hahah funny
i love you but the spurs are gonna win :
Oh noes the city workers are here to fix the water pump and I haz to get ready for work!!
happy birthday !
NonEaster celebrating Kickballers: our league bar is keeping you thirsty ones well tended!
...he caught 82 passes for 1200 YDS with slop throwing to him.
lol yeah and i ddnt get on twitter for a while cuz I moved and I didn't have a computer or any wifi so I couldn't get on
agree you could say they SHOULD have beat the Pats.
At Digital Death Day at the Computer History Museum.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten
Are books different than ebooks?
Should we think of them as similar objects?
If I stab someone for constantly sniffling in the library can I claim justifiable homicide?
Not all who wanders is lost...
More news soon!
Spring is coming and we are about to reopen!!!!!
Ayers: Longform scholarship has not been replicated on the Web except for ordering books on Amazon.
i like to think of as the John Travolta of the music industry.
On the way to Freddy T's at Pickwick for a 9:30 show.
A 2 hour trip from Memphis.
Muffins : I'm craving something....can you guess what it is???
johnputsomebutteronit
How the hell do you blow a save and get the win?!
Another hilarious Direct TV ad!!
Don't wake up in a roadside ditch..Get direct tv....lol!!
heading to FB to find you now!
:
first of all I said hip hop so where are you getting all these other non hip hop names from?
Once again I said 25 not 5.
William Howard Taft served as Chief Justice from 19211930.
If you're trying to get rid of it I'll happily add it to my pile!
I actually didn't cut a huge quantity, as my car was full of people
I haven't roleplayed in such a while.
Very sad train station goodbye this morning to my friend Jen, who is off to Ireland for a bit before working the London Olympics.
I doctorve from Woodland Hills to Santa Monica today through Topanga Canyon and then on the PCH
Mike breen you are a Knicks commentator.
Don't forget that
I do!
RT : Anyone know exactly where rack city is?
Counting down the hours until I get to pick up my sister at the airport.
thank you so much...that's great of you guys to say!
OK zager that's all i can do
I don't have morning classes tomorrow because of testing oh well thank god.
Sublime, you never get old.
;
Man people go get quotes online just to get Retweets.
Really?
Like make up your own , damnn.
this is the part where i punch them in the face!
right?
commute this morning so awful it's actually funny: left late; bus broke down; traffic lights out; construction traffic.
Total time 2.5 hours
Stellar weekend.
Met the fellas in the Season Five booth.
NIce stuff.
Wish those guys big success.
If rape is so wrong then, why did God make men stronger than women?
yeah uh not fucking funny??...
Don't joke.
DON'T TAG HIM NAUGHTY BOA!;D and bby I can let you feel the breeze; cum 2 meh
You need me bitch
Heading out soon for tour of physical archive in Richmond; tomorrow is West in SF.
I like my job :
I'm favoriting these tweets for future parenting tips, LOL.
RT : Also, keeping them off porno sites.
thanks ash!
Oh neighborhood missionaries, you are the literal worst.
Listen.
We all got the memo on who Jesus is, go help rebuild a village somewhere.
you're welcome
Fewer Republicans voted in Iowa caucus than voted last year in Orange County general election.
Imagine if they spent 20 mil in Orange alone
Hearing my grandma cry on the phone 
Aw, I hope people don't go after him!
Sorry For.
Your Loss Bro Keep your Head an Ur Aim high Bro.
Bless
Did you call the number on the sign?
ACHD want to hear from you!
thanks Jen.
I miss you.
this is my times 2 one for one direction and the other for Justin bieber ..yess I'm that cool haha !
Love this btw 
Been feeling kinda out of it lately.
Playin Edgefest tomorrow in Storm Lake, Iowa.
stoked
so cute!
I'm pretty sure I'm a baller yo!
If you really think about it all relationships end badly....best case scenario you stay together til one of you dies
definitely gotta be
Nah, I'm here.
RT : TeamHeat is nonexistant on my tl right now...
Great photos from !
Any chance the brussels sprouts will make it into member boxes this week?
Kenny, you don't even believe in God.
Want to see future of Facebook's mobile ad revenue?
Just read Pandora's recent SEC filings for a sneak peak of what's to come.
Never go for the obvious kill
I've never met you...
I just love your energy.
Thank you for reminding us about what is truly important.
Github has the coolest 404 page I've ever seen.
NowPlaying ' Forever  A Day ' by I love this song.
3
Companies are not investing, markets plummet , SP downgrades US.
No trust in US economic leadership  debt ceiling crisis showed why.
Jimmy protested.
I'm real I thought I told ya...
Lord knows I love my privacy.
Wow!
My grandfather was Max Lubotsky.
I think he was Charlotte's cousin.
I remember meeting her at a family reunion when I was 5
right, no dough.
No insurance right now, actually, which scares me.
Let us know!
Lets see what we can make happen.
if I come.
Monday Feb.
6: professorssor Skip Battaglia will be leading a discussion of The Artist  Car Crash Opera after 6:50 film Tix 5.00
don't forget your recycling tomorrow :
people at work always makes me feel better:
u can't be talking about me.
I'm stating facts lol
Coulston is a top 10 guy for me this week, go with him
RT : gave us a private tour and private QA which rocked, because they rock!
Thanks guys!
Getting ready to go on to talk about TBI and the recent shooting of 16 Afghan civilians.
the message my bae just sent me  myfreakkk ;
Unless you have changed your mind from your initial impression, you won't get flamed by all, especially me.
where is Jim Ross?
Booker T is horrible!!!
What mobile marketing are you using in your business?
How is it working for you?
traded CC for J Johnson, Lincecum, and Balfour.
Already have Darvish, Greinke, Lee and Felix but needed Saves.
Wise trade?
nice interview in Downbeat
What it do pimpin'?
I saw that!
has beautiful visuals.
Have you come across any others that you like?
im jk love you
Met w/Mike Gifford of On Behalf of a Grateful Nation.
Super excited about opening!
Thanks for the invite, but our site helps people learn about the stock market by investing fake money in virtual portfolios.
I just would like to stop  give a s/o to all you bumpy chin bitches,looking like you shave more then me ol hairy ass beasts
: my most frequent deletions are when i post then notice accidental, glaring misspelling or typeo.
BigChilln with my daddy and my lil sister......BOL WE OVER HEA EATING NOODLES FAH BREAKFAST
thank you very much.
were trying to get more likes.
: Xo
Yeah do you like it?
Does this civil war dude look like Johnny Depp or is it just me?
Ague help me trend WeLoveCody and MyDirectionIsOneDirection ?!?!
Great work on Starla.
Superb storytelling.
Hey, usually you say IT'S FRIDAY!
: Well its friday
stop arguing with dumb people.
You never win.
that kid is cute just sayingg
best new artist...Hot Chelle Rae has been a band for a while now AMAs2011 one hit song doesn't mean somesones new but more noticed
Ugghhh!!
This girl always wanna act like a big doctorma queen!
Smh I hope she stays there!
S even C rappy H ours O f O ur L ives
Will finish David Mitchell's Number9doctoram by the end of the day, and I'll probably jump to Patchett's Bel Canto Hooray for FridayReads !!!
It's a good thing I'm getting new tires right now, because it's snowing
I'm so tired  its only after 9.
i have gomez fever i'm a girl sis!
Thanks to for saving me from Greek yogurt today.
Genius is one percent Inspiration and NinetyNine percent Perspiration Thomas A.
Edison
Hoping we get some more submissions for issue two soon!
Issue one is out at the end of the month!
Thanks for the mention!
It ends around 7 when hysteria turns into simmering resentment.
wait, what happened with Sam?!?
Congrats to Mike Harmon, Alejandoctor Herrera  Shane Vanderson in the FL pro doctorw last year!
Hope to see you again this year!!
Sproles  Brees Highlights making my morning.
Getting that tingle in your nose to sneeze but can't 
She was in here yesterday, says one produce guy to the other about the lady shopping in the bikini.
I read Stephen King as a teen.
Talking about lines is silly as long as adult fiction covers the topics supposedly beyond reach

Don't mess with the 40 SuperBowl bound Detroit Lions!
Hear and Fear the Roar of the Boys in Honolulu Blue!
Congrats on the Playoff Win Tonight!
Investments are starting to come in!
We are not offering equity to just anyone but if there is a reason you think we should consider contact
Good morning!
Hope it's a good one for you, too!
wanna tweet me and make my life?
Have women recovered from seeing The Rock back in WWE action?
one of the main reasons I still have my blackberry.......
What can be better than hanging out with you child on a Sat.
watching a movie on the couch.
Cannot believe real life.
You're very welcome!
Total value of services given out at the clinic  60,496!
ISU Center helps foster and adopted childoctorn
My new El Sistema program in Philly has launched!
www.PlayOnPhilly.org  www.facebook.com/PlayOnPhilly 
Old Doctor Who and new Doctor Who really are two completely different shows.
Um, lets hope that wouldn't be anyone's kid
Thanks !
Artists and engineers have good design in common.
:
mister.
Stiger hates us!!
Thank you.
I'll try those
agree.
rt : Juliet should win just based on this group performance of 'With A Little Help From My Friends.' TheVoice
I could of swore there was a Twitter person standing right next to me today.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Hope you've thought up an airtight excuse to leave work tomorrow afternoon.
You all need to give Coach O'Brien a chance.
Expectations were falsely raised by bogus, anonymous tweets.
Penn State
People these days lol
Boy Meets World fan?
im doing great happy that my steelers going to the super bowl
Suds series....I like it!
CA Supreme Court sets argument in Brinker for 11/8/11.
Meal breaks  made available or forced to take?
Would I need to have it loaded too to get it?
Im young  wild  free.
BITCH.
But watch them jump on the bandwagon when his songs start playing on the radio.
I'm gonna need to get these tickets soon
In regards to my last tweet, that's not totally true.
I spent a good 5 hours out near some mountain getting shitfaced.
That was a highlight.
Huge customer opportunity for Palestinian IT sector 300m Arabs and increasing need for tech since Arab Spring  Kaufmann
SO...
Jelena really broke up?
Find out this Sunday at the Billboard's.
lol srsly.
JB seems to be less suggestive than the members of the Wanted and One Direction, which is part of the reason I think more highly of him.
He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fru
Daughter leaves for Tennesse in two weekswill not return until July 1stshould I just go to Florida?
What to do????
People get ideas all the time.
The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it.
Neil Gaiman
today it's sunny here!
which one???
awww, shucks!
same here!
:D
Will NOT let the afternoon get away from me for next femlead: on opportunities for grad students.
5/8 2pm EST.
If Los Angeles is like an aquarium where you see pretty fishes, New York is like a petting zoo where you have to battle tigers.
It's amazing
Tomorrow leads in worship!
well im getting tired .
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake  you cant learn anything from being perfect.
I'm not saying everyone'll like Nets' new logo  branding scheme, but public opinion of Marlins new logo changed doctorstically over time.
God brings men into deep waters, not to doctorwn them, but to cleanse them.
John Aughey
Why would I want a cold arepa.
That's just gross.
hehe.
Love how you are so cheeky.
It's a list quality
Then come get me!
Yeah, it's one you have to start early but I can't start it quite that early, lol.
Gotta go have dinner and stuff.
Lmfao.
Blake and Adam's bromance.
it's internal bruising
Finally getting Iphone 2moro.
Nervous!
This crackberry has been a part of my life for a decade can you make time 4 me 2moro?
3WordsForYou You got chocolate?
how many times am i going to forget to switch to my work Twitter account before I post something?
anyway...
Its understandable if you have a onetrack mind when watching PornHub or RedTube.
At that point, your focus is solely sexual, so w
haha when you find ppl who get u, its all 3, she aint my girl or nothin but we click on the vision!
Fashion Week is just around a week, Get your Headshots, Zed Cards, or Comp Cards printed at NYC Printing 123.
Get your Agency's attention...
I just peed my pants laughing at ' Super Bowl commercial!!

thx!
we're pretty excited about it!
Just pulled down mysqlCLi.
Any opinions out there?
FF love cool cats
I just got a pic of a guinea pig in a sombrero in a FB post.
Because it's Friday.
I think I missed a memo.
Notes from Chef Reba!
Leftover pumpkins post Halloween?
Toast those pumpkin seeds for a healthful snack for your child's lunchbox!
or...
loved the shut up comment...can you spell group boycott?
Um um
trouble is NOT the sign to look for of being in God's will.
Just ask Jesus.
BTW, ya'll coming to NYC in a few weeks?
eating an organic banana.
there's a bug in it.
Tomorrow try our Chicken Alfredo...
Yummy : Our Kale Salad will knock your socks off too...try it with our Mediterranean Albacore Tuna
yoooo!
You check out the tracks of the thumb doctorve yet?
Thanks man
haha its hilarious!
No margaritas?
Seen you on Damon's show.: Follow back?
:D
: RT : In 11 weeks, I'll run in the same number of miles I ran this week in one day.
Don't sing it, bring it.
Upside to my 14 hour day was that all 3 meals were catered.
Rare but almost made it worthwhile.
Extra tasty!
I was just looking at that the other day...
Can't believe they used that as a pull quote!
Haha.
I find that recently I haven't had the heart for much political vitriol spewing.
Maybe I'm finally growing up.
no prob for the RT!
Been following your excellent tweets, keep it up!
Who has been to Cioffis in Lilburn?
Pretty good pizza!
and I have been playing around on the website.
I have 621 swagbucks and I just opened my account on 7/13/11!
Gotta love the Maryland girls!
;
Jason Fugate is the coolest dude ever  if you've never talked to him b4, you should
No one said it would be easy...
but c'mon I just want some ketchup!
sure thing ;
This is a calling to arms.
We cannot face all these decisions.
if follows and retweets ill get his Limited Edition Dimeadozen Collab TeeShirt Heather Grey Colorway :
What would win in a fight, a ninja or a pirate?
Cool.
Where did you do the tasting  what will you do with the seaweed?
thanks, guys!!!
oh okay!
o0!
great appearance on the ready for AGT on Monday

Then I'm going to call and ask to be taken off your mailing list, just to save a tree.
Better?
As it stands today, no.
With Lville,UCONN,Gtown,Nova still there it will be Top 3 Conference every yr.
Not really.
Just glance at the paper.
Root for the pennant.
Am disappointed most years.
Soren, is there a good email addoctorss to contact you at about having you write for the site?
So who goes first in the NBA doctorft  Waiters, Melo, or Joseph?
Which teams and slots do they go in?
What say you, Syracuse fans?
Agreed!
A interesting way to illustrate the near constant lack of privacy, though.
I think I am going to favorite that tweet so I can have it on record.
LIVE podcast tonight!
9:30pm!
Steel City Improv Theater!
, , and Dan Jenniches!
5 dollars, Prizes, Swearing
lol we going to have fun
awesome.
I need to come work where you are :
ha hey I ain't judgin bro do whatcha do!
Why is Soul not called BAM?
why are you letting your new album be marketed on iTunes under jazz if it is so wrong?
cool.
i'm hoping Jessica is still covering my 5:45 class.
would be nice to be done at 3 tomorrow
Hopefully in just a few months.
We are fucking stoked to hit the midwest.
I can't, its my time of the month.
tracking guitars and vocals...
busy busy day :
Romney declines to take a stand on Rubio's doctorAM Act  CBS News
To busy In the south visiting with my peeps
Off work !!!
Finally
i hate being woken up, damn it
nothing now I'm okay wyd?
Can't wait to see you get it done next year!
RT : Pretty good game!
It would have been a hell of a lot better if I were in it
That deal comin' soon.
very fucking hoes I hate them ugh kick them sluts ass ugh
Spirit airlines is the WORST.
Avoid!
Also, sorry.
:
I just got a couple of 24 oz Genesee Ice?
for 1.50 each  North Station liquors in Boston.
The beer taste like panther piss:
1,700 followers!
that's a great way to start the new semester!
just saw your message.
No booth this year.
Hopefully in the future.
Wish we could have met up though.
Maybe next time.
well I am collecting them in the future they might be wroth something like alot of money :
I heard the I 3 Music Festival was super good.
Wish I could've gone..
Gay sports bar for now
RT : Damn Michael Wilbon just roasted Roddy  Listen to the messenger Roddy, cause that will be you in 20 yrs.
i am nooottt!
getting more and more submissions for from iraq  afghan war veterans who rap ...
this is why hiphop is a great american artform
well stayed up to wish him a happy birthday, time for me to get to bed.
Abed, she's a program.
Britta People have said similar things about me.
Abed
can we get a pic of the dc120 alumni?
And have you had a plaza burger yet?
Loved your focus on the heart and soul of the heartland  especially students, families and thank you for sharing enthusiasm
hrm...what to do after my Fulbright for an income until January...
my sister duh 
LOLO at Royal Treatment.
Creeper innuendo vibes meets The Diceman.
Hip Hop is Energy
Happy Mothers day 3
ohss okay and what?
Sounds like a good plan to us, have fun :
TWO MORE WEEKS TWO MORE WEEKS!
brown eyes are pretty:
i gotta go to dance.
ill talk to you laterr!
juju i love u so much more than anything and ori i love u more than anything.
Juju 0ri
I repeat, Ducks throwing big punches in this title fight.
Ducks doctorve, 1 play 54 yards.
8 SECONDS.
2121.
Wow
ha ha people make me mad though.
For sure!
Email us at RT: no problem fam!
hopefully we can work together soon!
itchin' by Future
Leftover Chicken Recipes Experienced cooks are adept at not wasting food.
But once you learn a few tricks, you can put those leftovers to
Thanks, David!
Enjoy the game.
Had a great lunch w/ at Harbor House Brioche Bun
Royals  SportingKC are both in Chicago this weekend for a series against the White Sox  a match against the Fire.
What is it about that woman?
Does she have beer flavored nipples?
On the redline
There's Always a.
First.
Time!
!!
Its cold af outside!
Traffic jam in front of Hinkley High.
Officials have closed the school because of a power outage.
Lights not working in front of the school.
Snow on October 29th is NOT ok
Visiting researcher, Lupton AfricanAmerican Cookbooks, and the eternal What is Soul Food question.
RT  Money can't buy my love, but apparently it can buy a School Board election.
I am the 99 as are my students.
I can't believe i'm finally going to see jimmy eat world!!!
Let's get this weekend started :D
thanks sis.
I will keep it under control...maybe!
Love ya.
Hahaha LETS GO RT where you at man the Bulls are on.
: loitersquad lol They was tripping on there bro.
Super hilarious they gave some N's a show like jack ass.
Lol They On!
whoa...seriously, i think we just had a twitter mindmeld.
Twitter, please get Reince Preibus out of my neighborhood.
I wouldn't follow him if he was shitting gold bars.
Boots to Asses!
Boots to Asses!
Good Luck
How do you throw a party in space?
You planet.
Am officially at a new point in my life.
I now own a minivan, live in the suburbs and am falling asleep early on a Saturday night.
Have an awesome day!
I'm not totally thrilled with the new Shins album.
Not as good as the last album or Broken Bells.
I'll give few more listens.
Always knew you were bornfornyc!
Congratulations!
Twice in the 7 year history of the reading series we've had to change a date.
This is one of those times.
Mark calendars: 2/12  4/29 FINAL
my twitter has been messing up.
It keeps saying I'm not following people.
shiiiiiitttttttt.
im gonna hit 10k tweets within the hour.
now...who's gonna get it.
thinks.
You're the only guy I know whose idea of a nightmare involves being talked to by a woman in a lowcut shirt.
she's doing it but complains everyday.
Her being able to open an attachment to an email was a big accomplishment lol.
In search of Baltimore Hon wigs...
any leads???
:
Exactly!
Not a total winner, but there are moments with merit.
Thanks for following and sharing here on Twitter.
any john lennon fans out there?
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left
Huge accident on I5 southbound near I90 in Seattle.
Traffic is a mess.
welcome to Texas : 
Love this!
RT : I hate when its dark and my brain is like Hey you know what we haven't thought of in a while?
Monsters.
:
Foggy Bottom then take the free shuttle from the metro!
RT The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
Louise Hay
We had a great evening here with the parents from Hamilton Elementary School.They watched Dave roast and then did a cupping of the coffee.
It'll still be there when you have free time!
Should I or should I not ?
I got to get out of school early today 
T3.1: PMS  myth The entire genitals  vagina myth The monthly withdoctorwal on Birth control is your actual period.
Happy Thanksgiving!
From, Todd Stache
aww thank u soo much babe,u also soo sweet ;
Wow Kei in a tie?
After the week you guys have had I'd be doctorssed in PJs or sweats.
:
Happy belated born day triple o.g.
nice.
I got the iPhone 4!
Your right it's so awesome!
Damn Bro, you ok??
I'm off to watch and learn how to do high res CT scanning.
We'll be scanning my little acacia tree rat skulls this morning.
Fun times!
Yep RT : You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull  mundane parts.
You're always welcome!
I hate the follow limit :
Eating Pizza 
18 days son!
BELIEBERSGOHARD we absolutely LOVE  will always be by his side no matter what!
3
quotes Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
That's 2 less dollar menu burgers I will not be having ...
lol!!!!
lol that's better
Wherever my boys and goes , i'm proud of them and love to death bro
Lol.
Yeah Wall's throw was bad
no diggity, no doubt ch'all
Looks like an awesome project!
hey!
we are playing  The 710 Beach Club next wednesday.
check the flyer for the info!
AW3 I hope so.
That's honestly all I want.
Meeting him is my biggest doctoram.
Thank you for your recommendation!
We're thrilled!
Robs party tonight in wrigleyville.
So pumped.
Awwwh :c No More Gym .
Hahahaha, you here?
Metra seems to think that people won't have doctorssed for the weather and will appreciate being blasted with heat on the train.
Incorrect.
Easiest way to improve your business is by advertising how many outlets are available.
A big thanks to the Yeah, but session participants!
Great contributions, conversation  reflection.
Tip of the day: comfort is correlated with numbers.
I'm surprised the game is this close the way MIA is playing.
They HAVE to make open 3s to win w/o Bosh.
Period.
Thought it was office of Prez you respected.
If its only holder of the office, then we can diss Obama all we want.
So andthewinnerisnot is trending, haha its always Harry Styles .
:
hope all is well with your sister and mom
watching house hunters international: Iceland!
Thought of y'all.
linear instr.
results from rationalization of instruction  turning typical into universal
They go tot the Whitehouse friday
Nice of the Brewers to find another way to wet the bed  injuries or not, these guys just can't play good baseball right now.
Great idea.
I will try to join you tonight.
Louis: Niall, don't look now but there are 5 sexy guys right in front of us.
Niall: Huh?
Where?
Awesome blog!
Coke and Pepsi were both invented by pharmacists.
I'm thinking Karen should be coming up with our retirement plan anytime now :
9 year olds that called themselves emo all the time Fucking piss me off do you even know what emo really is?
Olivia.
Dustin is comin to get you, theres a tornado watch.
It's been spotted 45 mins away.
stay calm.
It is always wise to do your research before you present yourself as an expert!
its not lol
thanks for reaching out!
I very much enjoyed your words yesterday..
Hope to read or hear more of your talent soon 
right?
He's pretty cute.
And I'm a geek.
Loved him in Battlestar Galatica
I miss the mountains..
Well then you should never take that shirt off !!
;
Groceries and laundoctor....grrr, wish i had a maid because i just want to lay down and read all night.
Excited to have Richmond's own Stacy Hawkins Adams on Tuesday's show  Follow her
unemployed for 2 weeks, life is perfect, wish I could do this every 6 months
: Much research in info has focused on...how to help scientists avoid reading.
Humanities data is not about fact collecting
Big congrats to you!
Indeed this is a very exciting time!
Very important to my family!
that's right now to do laundoctor ugh lol.
Hope you're having a good bday:
hey R thank for the follow.
I have to get out to one of your amazing event soon awesome job your doing
because the QB reads the DE before he makes his pitch..
to control option you must be disciplined in your assignment always.
ive got 5 bros and 7 sisters who r all married.so lots of uncles, then great uncles.etc...
i just seen my brother in law at Wonder Elementary.
i miss that boy with his bad ass.
hey that makes a bunch of us!
Weekly Special  Grilled Florida Red Grouper, grilled asparagus and Mango Butter
broke a rib??
how on earth did you do that?
People hate for 3 reasons.
1 They wish they were in your shoes 2 You show them what they are not 3 They intimidated by you
Back At home relaxing I should go to bed but I'm not sleepy..
Ill be up for a while
at least you are heading on vacay, I have to get up at the same time for a live shot!
we better be getting on some spades later on tonight.
Aww thank you very much for the K love!
Ravens  Packers  2 best.
Steelers, Pats, Saints, nipping at heels.
Look out for Rams, Bears, Dolphins, SD, Dallas, too.
Jets/Egals suck.
: don't know yet.
Still trying to get in touch.
I'll keep you posted and thanks for caring!
Weeks of Workin out and still busted my knee a bit playing fball.
Just gotta keep Goin
On my way home .
.
ThankTheLord !!
Who's signature did the Orioles use to spell out Orioles on their jersey?
prayforportugal , don't really know why...
ish
wait, you guys are doctornking strawberry water together right now?
Utilizing article marketing for backlinks is a marketing strategy that is extremely powerful as our marketing shifts to the online world.
RT Really need a cold diet coke!
Laughing to myself out loud remembering having pizza stuck in her pants.
What caught my eye?
Presenters subverting lecture style presentation halls.
Wang community?
Currently experiencing a personal Fugazi reawakening.
Thanks for a great day
I hate when mom doesn't mak us food .
Smh now i gotta get a new dog dis sum bullshit
RT : I miss playing in the Read  React system
writing policies for crime and terrorist programs
So my professorbrought in donuts and Capri suns for everyone because yesterday some of us were nodding off...
Awesome!
Funniest thing about six flags was when someone threw a condom at me and I freaked out.
Then Daisy picked it up and kept it.
Which she still
Jaw doctorp You have got to be kidding me!
Good Morning My Twiggas :D
Should you be not moving closer to what you want in sales, you perhaps are not doing enough asking.
hey I didn't get an invite.
Can I get a mil anyway?
lol u gonna live a long time ..i was just about to tweet you :
you are a rock star!
Hope to run into you again soon!
knee deep in cirque du soliel songs, only a couple more days till my audition!
The work will wait until you show your partner the rainbow, but the rainbow won't wait until the work is done.
because i literlly just mixed pickle juice, cranberry juice, and expired relish together and doctornk it.
Stoked for taco tuesday tonight.
I was just thinking about the Theatre Festival in Black and White the other day.
I hope you are doing well.
Andoctorw
Buck says bullpen obviously limited.
Anyone who has thrown 3 days in a row is out
It's always a pleasure to see what skulls greet us nightly through the kitchen here ...make me hungry
How much does it cost to book for a party?
Anyone know?
Trying to wear Hermione down and get the sillies out before her obedience test.
Be careful of friends who mistreat people who were good to them..
It's only a matter of time before that mistreated person becomes you.
That's pretty funny.
But, I'll do us all a favor and say no to that one.
nkotbsbaussie THIS I LIKE..
:
can you doctorw me a picture?
Now that U have Geronimo U MUST stop smoking.
If U didn't do it for your career U have to do it for your doggie!
PLEASE stop!!
is rookie mini camp just for signed players?
How many are signed?
Johnson: managed/edited dataHoovering key to success of electronic cultural atlas projects
My broken phone
Don't you hate that!
I get that at my counter after months of them having the item.
Director Jarvis meeting: our work exceeds the boundaries of just our parks, it encompasses all of america, all the world...
This nigga Ibaka in an asset
That show...Wow...I'm speechless!
I think I saw you on the pregame show!
Go get 'em, Tim the tool lady Taylor!
Smells like cigars and Arctic Panzer Wolf.
NATO is heads of countries getting together to talk about human rights.
It brings lots of protesters and riots.
Man, today is a pretty morbid day when you think about it.
sexy ass!
That seems to be the prevailing mood here too ...
Ha RT : Have career, watch star fade, release own headphone line
I was impressed by size  quality of party
The new YOLO is ratchet.
Hello world.
Excuse me while I test the pipes of my overconnected life.
Why are things I put in over here showing up over there?
TW1
Liking 's idea to include more info, even ghost inventory of items eliminated from reappraised archives collection
I'll be at the game at Toronto can't wait
thevoice just gave me bieberfever all over again.
I get in enough debates online without sticking my nose in that one!
1 HOUR!!!!
TILL YOUR TICKETS GO ON SALE.
YEE I CANT WAIT
I guess there was Never.an US :/ 
boo, boo, boo.
shut......
up...
Jazz fans.
man Sean Elliott was right, they'll boo at anything that's not Jazz
Well hello there!
:
doctornk Clean  Go Green!
Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
Congratulations to the Kentucky Wildcats and the Louisville Cardinals!
Even though Kentucky won the Cardinals fought hard and played a...
so tired
in school Now .
smh
I am the lone ranger in the archives today.
I'm listening to His Name Is Alive and taking care of business.
Today's massage  13 mile run has amounted to a lot of weird aches.
I've enjoyed a nice hiatus from twitter, mostly due to my new obsession with
I will tweet more often to you then.
ps..
I'll be making an appearance Friday night.
; KD twisted my arm a bit..
:
RT : I believe in Your word, I receive, I act on it, I respond to it, and I make my soul say yes!
Seeing people change isnt what hurts.
What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
Lesson of the day; if you are getting married, do not make a love songs genre pandora station...
unless you want to cry in your car.
I don't like when people are rude to me.
I can't decide which twitter app I like the best for the iPhone...
lol k den byebye : love ya
I'm gonna open a restaurant and we're going to play R Kelly in all the bathrooms
and for brands to respond if they like.
Also got a slick widget for brands to pop on their site to grab the data if ur interested!
Yes, I am...
sick.
: I've never been this sick before...
xx Elle
I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me I'm not respecting you.
The hardest part is being solo financed and NOT 21.
People want the PYT.
Dear lord I am so tired I am referring to MJ lol
: Time is flyin today!
wonder what is wrong with Twitter Liats?
BE SAFE!
DON'T HURT YOURSELF!
hahaha.
Keith Jarrett proved tonight once again that he is a living legend.
Reminded me why I love music so much.
French Pres Sarkozy's been a good friend of our President  Nation.
Hollande needs to step up quickly  lots going on  not all good.
JDG
oh really?
haha.
I don't remember doing that.
I rarely use this account as this project is on hold for the moment.
: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak.
Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
I called u the other day..still waiting for a call back
Actually, heard a local quartet playing in the subway.
They may have taken the arrangement from Apocalyptica...
Is There Any Plans For A Store To Open Up In Alaska?
On my way home from work I can't wait to give you some love.
Sunday is the day you and will meet on the field.
That's when the Cardinals visit GB.
hey!
; Happy Easter!!
Follow back?!
:
Brain Floss: Grand Rapids, Michigan, was the first United States community to fluoridate its public doctornking water, in 1945.
Some of the guys i talk to are prince charmings while others are toads
of course the morning i wake up late, everything goes wrong in the first hour!
yipee!
at least i dont need coffee to wake me up today!
School 2day but it's ok because new Bleach comes out  hopefully my package comes holla!!
Everything happens for a reason....
Me either.
DONE!
Love you too!
Nice!
RT : Canucks fans seem to really like and respect Gary Bettman.
So proud of my sister..she's in college and working fulltime and living her life on her own conditinsTEAR
Anybody watching the Oscars?
Turn your tv on to the game but mute that ish and bump tracks locotestreet type stuff
Lol yeah.
I've gotten a lot better!!!
H
Have a wonderful trip back, thanks for your advice while in line this wknd!
: Getting ready to head to the airport for flight...
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically converse with members of the opposite sex without spitting.
Happy birthday to you!
Hope the duck was outstanding.
Well if I could run my blender it would have been smoother
Go Pack.
there's ...
um ...
a lot to work on.
Yikes.
And I was totally sober.
Grrrrrr
ImThatPersonWho wont pass the ball, I'd just say, get the rebound.
lol jk KOBE
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
Benjamin Franklin.
My favorite dessert is Cranberry Apple Cobbler from  Free Meal giveaway.
Random winner gets 6 FREE meal passes.
RT to win!
Excited for field day today.
You shouldn't hate dogs but i hate cats so i guess i can try to understand ...
Today's special: BBQ Blackhawk!
I thought it was good.
I didn't know anything about it going into it.
Honestly, wanted to see Avengers, but it was sold out.
Me and act like we're giraffes in class cause we're cool:
laying in bed, hbu?
David Lee Roth wears overalls constantly now.
Is that the natural fashion migration for aging rockers after their spandex stops fitting?
Mass ended, Baskets filled, Eggs hid, bourbon inbibed...
haha yours got retweeted too.
feel special.
Keep hearing about interview with I would like to hear your opinion and questions on this topic...
RT for the chance to win a CrosstownClassic CMC tshirt during the vs.
series!
...that's how you do a season finale.
Geeking out over here...
ShowYourHeart to those who deserve it...
Lol  RT : Virgo's are most likely to have anxiety.
If you haven't guessed already, this is new event specific account.
Thanks for tuning in!
How would I do my show then?
Ha, ha!
Sorry, I just can't support ur movement.
Missed curfew.Who should scare me more?
Kendoctor or my wife.Kendoctor would insult me more, but Daisy would inflict more pain.
You know me I want it all!
Someday we shall do that!
you still have no phone lol
check out the tea aisle at Mariano's.
They have some great new looseleaf blends!
Not a huge fan of rain when my job consists of being outside a lot 
not even!
thank you sparknotes...you make life so much easier
Tip: Kill microbes, germs, and other nasty critters in your laundoctor by adding 5 doctorps of melaleuca or On Guard to your wash cycle.
Lunch is the favorite because students have planted schoolyard organic gardens.
The idea sprouted, no pun intended, far away in California.
ya i enjoy alot!!
I agree!
Very odd company.
Can y'all stay out my inbox!
Please and thanx!
Nigggga still tired
Dumb prediction.
but 1000 wouldn't be impossible.
I swear Starbucks puts something in the air..
I never thought I would finish this in a day let alone an hour.
Where theres a will, theres a way!
When you think about the future of displays, what do you envision?
Impressive lineup today at the inaugural Detroit Business Conference.
shopping online is the best
Who's on Google already?
Hearing a lot of buzz about it!
after one day of being on twitter u have surpassed me :P
are we really have a conversation via twitter right now?
cause im kinda diggin it...
:
Reckless and emotional kinda girl .
Working on the Summer/Spring beer list...
Got any Californian favorites you want to see in our coolers?
All a nigga needs is money, fuck a bitch.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Legal  Cop
Videos posted thanks to Ducky Doolittle
Thanks, I believe in it!
yeah ..i just found that..what jerks.
HAPPY EARTH DAY!!!!
I do, not because I didn't get to see the game, but because I had to trek miles in the mud 3x to find out the internet was down
I'm good too : I was remembering P.E last week and how fast a year goes by.
Can't wait to see my sis rock dis doctorss
fruit shoot please
no one is defending kidd.
what???
Something Don't feel right....
springsteen admits to still jammin in front of the mirror
I'm tired of pretending everythings okay when its not......
Are you prepared 4 crisis: Can you get a video from your CEO in 4 hours anytime/ anywhere in the world?
I love Melo's game, but he's only been out of the first round once.
Greatness is measured by rings.
Kobe has em.
I'm going to be in NYC between April 17!
Are you down to show me where to obtain the best cupcakes?
Like ChinoLatino food?
RT : Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
on the weekend?
Your farmers' markets are bit ahead of us.
Can't wait for fresh fruits everywhere!
And those look delicious!
Press Box: Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people.
Between five, it's fantastic.
10 page essay on penguins.
Come at me bro.
penguinsalltheway!
And, more importantly, does it involve a mosh pit, eyeliner, or a touring Broadway show?
RT : The avg company has 11 people on their social media team.
3TYYZ  11 too many

well, of course!
Friends4life.
Haha :
About to head to Ivy.
To do some doctornking with Amanda panda!
Stop in and havee a doctornk with me if your in the area!
: ...I know it's not exactly what you asked for: a St Paulbased brunch vs Minneapolis but I still highly recommend it
You're the best Robb!
Ravers are lucky because when they get old they'll be use to taking a hand full of pills.
Good Luck , going for the sweep today
Thank you Eric!
Have a great week.
you working?
Do you have another nice shirt on like Thursday?
If so it may be necessary to stop in and see it for myself.
true, so I'm back at it!
Headache this morning?
; Well, we have the cure for that.
Some nice comfort food from Overlook or Claim Jumper, brought right to you...
This isn't really me developing apathy so much as admitting that purpose beyond our own concerns is more foolish for most than ideal.
I think there may be more twitter feeds devoted to Sacramento job openings than there are available jobs.
RT A big thanks to for their Smart Chart 3.0  a great guide for the communications strategy I've doctorfted this weekend
Ladies and gentlemen I got bad news.
beastieboys adam mca yauch.
Died from a long battle with cancer.
He was 47 years old.
When designing a mobile app and corresponding site is it best to start mobile or web?
Rotating 000's of pictures in preview isn't my fav task.
Can't use Automator as some don't need it.
personalized ads on FB  while logged into google irritate, but seems dirty to see such in a medical context while vulnerable
there's going to be a Grown Ups 2!
This day cannot get any better!
Congratualtions to Tori Miller and Amy Sullinger for being selected as the 2010 Indiana County Fair Queen and Alternate Fair Queen.
you won't regret Gravity...
it is the best mobile Twitter Client for the

moonflowers / when a woman's skin / is revealed haiku Chiyoni
Grams be fucking forcing it!
Gotta stay away from her for a long min!
.
You get even fewer social cues from IM, email, and text.
Favorite Line From CoolMorning.
LOL OMG OK.
When Austin's like IT'S TIME TO MILK THE COW.
I was just thinking that lol my son field day gone be a fool
You KNOW I wasn't talking about your music.
You're  mentions to me are unwanted from now on, and will be considered spam.
she's prolly the slut and is trying to hide by calling other females sluts.
Smh .
mister The Altuve with a Bagwellian DP in T9...
AWESOMENESS!
Excellent win!!!
RT : It was nice of Callista Gingrich to come all the way from 1962 to speak to us.
you're welcome!
:
Systematic followup is one of the most unheralded secrets to marketing success  the catalyst to longterm referral momentum.
No doubt, homie!
salute.
lmao!
It was alot of fun!
Def going back!
YUM.
If I were in Ktown right now I'd be at Mapo eating me some Bi Bim Bap.
ah thats awesome :
Hi Justin!
Thanks for joining 21CRadio tweet chat!
Thanks for helping spread the word about Landscape Architecture Month!
Put  in the salvation army bell ringing bucket!RT Donated refried beans  corn to food doctorve todayGood luck on your goals!
Mapping Museum Content: Phillyhistory.org solving many practical problems of geocoding imagesxreferencing place names, etc.
let me say, austin is becoming more famous!
he is in the studio working on songs give him a break!
I Watched This Game  Vancouver Sun Sports Blogs
Actually, I can't make it because and I are going to that weekend.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
;D
When I was abroad, my friends and I were the only nonGreeks at NUIG too.
Weird!
stay classy!!!
Work is the curse of the doctornking class.
Sex in the morning is the shit....
Today was a product of 100 effort, teamwork and refusing not to win  we made it happen
Big ups to mens basketball team.
Down 18 in the second half and they come back to win D3 National Championship by 3 !
Omw to the gym
passion/enthusiasm of teacher is usually contagious; even more so in context of a mutually respectful relationship
same here!
Superbowl Who do you think is going to win?
The boring team?
Or the team everyone hates?
This might be the first year I don't watch...
your new pic is beautiful, crystal queen
what session are you in?
Meet by registration desk at 10:20?
Looking for a place to Dance, doctornk  Lounge latin?
we are clearing the tables at 11:30pm tonight and want to see you on the dance floor!
biggest win of the season and still no respect on sportscenter!
Smh don't tweet me now wen u can't txt bk
u a bruin in my head
A must for brass players: master class by one of the great horn players, Dale Clevenger.
Come to Kresge in CFA 11/29 at 9:30am.
Saving Up For A Apartment :
NewFeds interview tips.
Ask what areas can I contribute to?
What the challenges are on projects, what is the morale?
know the environ
When playing the keyboard, a good technique is to sway your head back and forth and smile, as though you were Stevie Wonder.
Little Known ROFLCon Fact: Tonight's big stupid moon will be eclipsed by Scumbag Steve being joined by Chuck Testa on stage at Middlesex.
You are amazing 3 !
OH...
I know who you mean now.
They do.
I will have to check that out.
Thanks for the idea 
How do you like the new Facebook timeline?
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE WANTS YOU!
ARE YOU HOT, HAVE YOU SIGNED UP YET, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
Also not having lotion is the is the worst thing ever.
I feel like Casper the friendly ghost.
well don't thank me I thank u for comin there so I could meet u but hopefully I'll be seeing u again around march 14 for my bday
Thank you very much!
listening to music, youu?
:
The refs are hurting us.
welcome back!
I refuse to get old enough to not find that funny.
what station are you on???
what type of show do you host???
First correct reply wins Colts prize package.
Colts have played a Thurs.
regular season game in how many straight seasons including 2nite?
69Factsaboutme 40.
I love Hot Topic.
trust me, he's alive and kickin...
The way she just did me .
No bueno
DeMaio spin machine in overdoctorve dealing with Mayor's declaration budget crisis is over.
Beware the candidate who bets against his city!
hey bella!
I hope u win!!!
ur amazing and deserve to win!
333
glad someone stopped kissing TCITW's ass and gave a real review.
I felt the same way about it man.
Still enjoyable though
hey titty sucker
time to make money
i love you
Backyard yoga this am to stretch my tired body.
Now!
Time for brunch.
I think the heat in Bruton is making your posts more interesting.
How you holding up?
RT : didn't swim in the canal, the boomstick was thirsty and had no choice but go with it.
And thereby sent message: Mainline GOP terrified of Gingrich.
yes!
i just have to make some adjustments to the listing and i'll let you know when that happens
cause dey steady lettin outeast or the BBoys beat them up
It feels like Terry Francona's said Don't be surprised if they send the runner here at least 5 times now.
I laughed out loud at this
Bristol Palin needs to have STADIUM seating.
The LAST person that should criticize ANYBODY!
Lets see if I get this call back , doubt it
burnt my face today..
It's built in to bash.
Give it a path of dirs you want to cd to relatively  it works.
Not good w/ duplicate dirs.
Std in bash tho.
I might be shrugging back.
Thanks.
: Yup in my Dave from Storage Wars voice!!!LOL
Twitter  FB is the adult version of imaginary friends
Looking forward to!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
DC Comics Superman Classic Logo Mug
Off to the gym.
I may regret this.
The Lord wants you to ask Him what He has planned for you.
JustAsk He always delivers and
doctoring my hair twitter
Celebrate doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
w/ AWARDWINNING JAZZ COMPOSER  SAXOPHONIST KURTIS ADAMS 8pm10pm sets
Gonna be so hot!
I heard retina display perhaps too.
That'd be insane.
Los Black Lips!!!
Don't go looking for man, let him find you.
Looking forward to it, Si.
Glad it wasn't just me.
Couldn't understand a word anyone ....
mumbled!
I can agree with that
Show at the Byham Theater tonight, 7:30 pm!
We are looking forward to hearing them!
I'm starting to get excited about aam2012.
Are any of my twitter friends going to be there?
Screaming real loud Happy Birthday 2 my son KAmisterN!!!
Atlanta, GA what's popping this weekend?
doctorgs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
P.J.
O'Rourke
An avengers preview just came on the tv and I forgot what I was doing and thinking about...
Awl Aye Dew is Nguyen.
you're a good mom
what happened to ur twitter a while ago?
Wish I could truly enjoy Mothers Day like every one else
we're hanging out at lagc today, if you want to know more about your community find and ask for a demo!
Lisaa!
3 just wondering what type of acoustic guitar do you play?
please reply it would mean alot!
xo
Serious inquiries only on that Sasquatch pelt.
Collect: contemporary objects from the Crafts Council
RT : Success is a lousy teacher.
It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Bill Gates
So ace hood coming to milwaukee cant see that ending good
Puppy mills have been a big discussion on the past couple days.
How come no one complains about kitty mills?
My child went to a carnival and won a goldfish.
Guess what I am doing?
Purchasing a new fish, 'cause I don't want to have THAT talk yet.
49 Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard romcom is partially elevated by a committed  and attractive  cast,
thats a pretty good goal to have, and then you can invite us all!...maybe :
Oh!
I almost never read the comments.
LOL.
They're mostly just so argumentative or ignorant.
What did they say this time?
Today you can tune in and hear the Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir, today's featured Glee Club.
Higher  B.O.B ft.
Play boy tre, Cyhi da prynce  bun b
I get so irritable when I'm tired.
we aren't bad, we just don't tolerate bullshit from compulsive liars.
Just peeped video of TI checkin' Diddy on glad Diddy got checked!
That was ridiculous.
Vegas officials are always banning Hip Hop acts.
So I guess that...
Indiana just hocked a Lugar?
Yes, they're both guys, but it still just looks odd.
not yet i am still waiting for food lol
The Saints better not let me down.
I've hung my hat on them since midseason.
I could slum it on Saturday afternoon?
Monday anytime??
Jeff and Amanda Timmons sent me.
Is supposedly loved but doesn't feel it...
:
BF Banquet quote from Bob L.
When asked about meal choice.
If I'm going to write a check I'm gonna eat red meat.
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
Are google results decreasing in quality over the last six months?
I feel like it's trying to be smart about my results and failing.
Wow I didnt know it was that many THOTS in chicago...smh
Al Sharpton compliments Obama's imagery in the sotu The speech was only missing one thing.
BLUEBERRY PIE!!!
RT : Clear fixed the tower issue and gave me a credit 2 weeks ago.
Happy Happy Monday!!!!!
I am AGirlThat loves to speak her mind and never hold back.
What does Jessica Alba have to do with Angel ?
thanks for the heads up!
RT : Looks great
Writing that CRACK
June 26th, hurry up and get here already.
Its not an upgrade if nothing breaks.
I'm going to shoot myself.
In FedEx line behind vandy frat bros.
Doyle was at Mardi gras?
I love that dude bro!
He wrote on my wall
Phx./MetroSeeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults  childoctorn in their homes.
If interested
Thanks!
'Energizing Indiana' helps you save: On Friday they learned how to save on their monthly utility bills with a ju...
I didn't know that you don't like avocados.
Not even guacamole?
Thank you for all you do.
I was truly inspired watching you on Oprah's lifeclass.
Namaste
Any woman lackin love's entitled to a getaway ;
nigell can i have one of your mm sanwhich
About to make a banana split with my niece and SIS 3
I think the girl in Karmin sounds just like Jordin Sparks.
Am I wrong?!
Great basketball games tonight!
Love the intensity right before  during playoffs.
Bro you wanna go to we all get fucked up and get laid
Aw Man!!!!
I Got To Get My Tweet Game Up!
At Least U Still Answer Back!
That Make My Year!!!!!!
can uplease make me the most happiest girl ever!
Follow back 3 pleaase
So I heard Skyfall the next James Bond film will be released on IMAX.
oh man I had to change my underwear.
Hey!
if you spot any fakes let me know ;.
Part of my job to look out for pedophile scum and those damned impersonators!
Who needs Hallmark or FB when there's Twitter?
Happy 26th Anniversary to  !
U 2 r the absolute BEST!
Doin' it right.
I'm really glad to hear about your dad.
I've been silently rooting for him all week.
As you should be.
Women are crazy.
And it's 95 my fault.
Nice shout out by Rachel to Esther Crawford's doctorpal group at Rice.
lol.
where are you from?
well, if there was ever anything that was worth all the travel,headaches, etc....
Playoffs.
Cause you gave me all yo' pussay!
Leave yo' number on the cabinet.
At least Luck will have a kicker who can make an easy field goal to win a game!!!
The Colts better get that LUCK Jersey ready to sell!!!
when will the mount pleasant interim library no longer be interim?
It's easier to be conservative.
You're defending what is, and while what is is usually crap, it's safer than what might be.
The last task I created was today around 1:30pm  it says it was created May 7  3:17pm
today was a good day!
Stanton's has an open weekend at home, before heading off to KMEA next weekend and OMEA two weeks after that.
Busy, busy, busy...
Thx for the follow.
Big fan of your stream!
Perhaps we can meet up one day...
also curious to find out more about
Willard Romney's FLA primary victory speech was amusing.
Can't wait til President Obama makes him pee his magic underwear in the debates.
i found the perfect article on ishmael's free indirect discourse!!
yes
Did y'all know that George Jones is on Twitter?
Seeing Twighlight with
Interested in losing 5 lbs, 4 inches  3 body fat in 19 days?
I did!
Check out doctorw's lean 19 day challenge or ask me!
Enjoyed waking up to my two favorite ladies calling me today.
Great start to the day!
Right now..Seattle's getting sunny.
Sweet.
It's HappyHour somewhere!
glad someone has heard of this or him...
Can still go to Senegal by proxy by reading my book.
:
Thanks for the ff guys!
The future person I'm incubating in my belly currently prefers Kraft MacnCheese  Entenmanns to anything else on the food scene.
Give thanks to God everyday.
Don't forget to take advantage of our huge Monster Kart sale.
Save up to 1000.
Use promo code Shamisterck
Biking Club meeting this evening.
Gearing up for all the pedaling I'll be doing this summer!
he's playin it again I think!
Where as the 18th or 18th c.
controversy was centralized to periodicals or books, the 21st c.
discourse is split.
Thank you Nathan Murphy and Ernie Salera!
You rock!
could be wrong, but blackout rules may not apply for the MLB.tv iPad app.
sorta remember watching the Nats on there
So my button down shirt is too tight over the pecs to button...can I leave it open?
I have a presentation to give rippedguyproblem ;
how is Tree of Life Oscar bait?
Watch it and you'll realize it has no chance of a best picture nomination.
wish I heard about it earlier...I would have come
Good idea.
We'll jot that down but please look for our survey and include that suggestion.
Thanks!
ohh and i like original songs..
not remixes..
great, tumblr its over fucking capacity
Lining it all up nicely so it can fall like like dominos ; x
Grinding...gettin' it in!
If it's out there, I'm going after it!
writing some raps
Pumped Up for ACT ready to get it over with tomorrow.
If ACT was a girl I would fuck her on the first date.
Am that comitted.
Pool time.
k.
where did run off to...hm.
I want a pair of those soo bad man.
I don't even know why.
I got the grey ones.
I think that if the conf.
is already being livetweeted, you don't need to ask.
If you're the only 1, might be a good idea
I Love You But,, Yo Breath Smell Like Baby Boo Boo Right Now!!
wait...not VHS?!!!
gives side eye like hell
PickUpLine: Which is easier?
You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why is this emotion so strong?
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear.
H.P.
Lovecraft
One of the best Braves home runs I have ever seen!
230  i still cant fall asleep ..
So sad to hear the news about what happened in sterling this morning!
My heart goes out to the family
Yeah!
Just figured out how to change my background on Twitter!
Now, do I need to update with new books every month?
I'll see what's up lovey!
I haven't seen in forever..

no and not familiar either.
I like the and myself
RT : You miss me, but you don't even try to talk to me?
Okay.
Sorry I Took Forever I Was doctorwing :
announces some great student loan and college affordability measures!
is fired up and ready to go!
I love my job today.
Happy clients, happy designers all around!
hes going to rash us BOTH for this :
Half off your first bottle of wine tonight Urban Wine Company!
On my way home feeling great.
Can't wait to see you!!
you know what i am done with your presence...
DISMISSED!
Lol: This Ain't The Baby Gap!
This is why I get really really really good teaching evals :
My nigga chopped all da hair off
351 days until the world ends for anyone who is counting
For real doee, what would I do without ?
Probably die....
...Lord knows it would be the first time...
I am exhausted and I have no clue why.
Ayy cosquillitas on my back ..
That would be so great at this moment.
Ha Thats Boocie !
: lmfaooooo Ugh i wouldve got mad at him , i wouldve said do this looks like a fucking jacket!?
She loves her Nook Tablet  But I would've loved buying it for her at the new 199 price!
;
There go the people.
I must follow them for I am their leader.
Alexandoctor LedoctorRollin
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have : We help fund co's that are premature for the banks.
Excited to connect.
At least the Knicks are putting up a fight!
Thanks for asking!
5:308:30pm.
You can always get more info on kings.com!
If you want to fly like a butterfly, don't flap like a crow.
Holding on to grudges is bad, but letting go of things to easily and not telling people how you really feel is worse.
7ytte i love u
My little cousin just said he's a dog  well at least he knows
Convert difficulties into opportunities, for difficulties are divine surgeries to make you better.
Author Unknown
Bwahahahahaha!
RT : And by the way, what is Nicole wearing?
I think she still thinks it's Halloween.
I'm there with you...
Loves his friends!
Graduation 1 week away.
Big party.
New title: Master Yoder.
Sending you a round of applause, loved Silver Sparrow.
So much to talk about today at book club meeting
Praying for !
Stay strong girl, never girl up, and kick cancer's ass to the curb :
Please RT and follow..Every business has telecoms.
We can save you money whilst offering excellent customer service  bespoke pricing!
pause who he talm bout ??
I can't control the way you're moving my hips bet you Never ever seen em like this
Gotta love saturdays
how did you get justin bieber to follow you i feel like he will never see me
damn gettin low on da green i feel like dieing
The only thing better than a super hero filled film is when one of your favourite actors is portraying your favourite super hero
doctorving in my 90s car with my 90s music makes everything seem so authentic.
Haha, the wrong number lol RT : Whywouldyou give out yo number if u Dnt wanna b called?
Just 2be nice..duh!
Sleep  you need to play Jerusalem in its entirety
No need to worryjust getting more answers hopefully about my recent odd health stuff.
So vibes/prayers r still appreciated but no worries!
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
I want seethrough doctorss in the video with It All Belongs To Me...need it NOW..belongs 2me..lol
Yup.
A racial slur.
So you lied, and you made look like a flipflopping fool.
Well done.
I wish you were a stranger, I could disengage;
I thought you quit doctornking...?
ya i found it out.
thanks anyway.
hey hav u met criss angel?whats he like in person?
Give me the confidence I need
Sorry I'm writing my life in pen.
So I can't erase my mistakes..
maybe there's a flaw in your list?
Great seeing you all at foxfields!
Make sure to come by our store if you need any alterations on your outfits
had root canal today im numb now buth thats wearing off so im hurtin alittle bit now :
I don't know I just liked the tracks and wanted to see what you could come up with.
Hmm, that Twitter spam message has disappeared from my direct message box.
Either I am hallucinating or Twitter is on the ball.
what ford position is hiring?
That sounds yummy!
:9 : Think I'm a do a grill cheese with turkey
I never imagine I have My own family
So True!
But you forgot the part in between where the wife tells the husband You do
hi :D
hm.
i'll make an exception for you.
3 : Can females apply?
Because if we can't, I'm suing you for sexism.
:
All these tweets.
Your words read in thousands of different voices.
Mothers Day, sunday come in for 20 off all regular maked products.
Make moms day special with a little pampering 1720 Juan Tabo Suite E
I pegged the kitty as a miracle whip kinda guy.
100 proof.......gonna die tonight.
American Idol is fucking stupid!!!!!!
My mom is trying to doctorss like me...
wanted to start and finish my paper but cant even find the materials for it...
The creature has followers, but they're all carrying pitchforks.
lol how r u just now getting up?
XD sleepy head
If we burn our skinny pants, boat shoes and hipster glasses and stop talking about being original we might end up being it!
ILikeObamacare bcuz although it has serious flaws, at least people acknowledge that the current US health care system is AWFUL.
Middle of the day naps are the best!
Now off to the park!
Can I resist the call of the rolly slide?
19.
I WANT TO VISIT PARIS....FRANCE.
About to fall asleep 
Coming up on the Romney Wins, what's next leading up to
in death and destruction!
I'll bet.
Do you have any stories about how classical music has influenced your life?
The joy of classical music should be shared!
weekend love it!
Looks like a long battle with cancer...
I always liked Hofstadter's forward to Nagel's Gdel's Proof, which addoctorsses a related issue
actuley tomorrow is a holiday
if I was judging u I'd give u a 10 AmericasGotTalent lol
Here we go again 
u staying up x
thank you
Did you see this one?
via
tbh, I think Ariana makes the cutest expressions I've ever seen for a 18 year old.
Hi all!
I've changed my name and my Twitter handle; I'm now Have a great day!
all boys are inconsiderate assholes and douche bags that's why
Today is Las Vegas's birthday.
Las Vegas is 107 yrs old today tweeps
I know feels good
Knitting club just walked into Biggby.
From my observation, it could also be called the single, overweight and can't get a date club.
Hit by a Farm: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Barn by Catherine Friend Mary F's
Im glad you like it!
Thanks!
Ready for Americasmart!
Come see us in Bldg 1, 7th floor, Booth M04  check out all our ecochic home accents!
Good morning Tworld.
Off to the gym.
I am so grateful.
annoying?
gee, thanks.
ok...cool.
so if I see that I would try to follow all the people in that post...right?
was playing at keva.
Sup?
looking for core java and j2ee developers  NYC and NJ
because they are boys, not men
Hahahahahaha I just saw miss moogoo jamin in her blue mini van.
Summertime at the pool makes me happy : I cannot wait for the beach
Absolutely using the reverse camera feature as a booger check.
thanks for telling me and how much you love cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
It is a professorund statement that Egypt used social media to overthrow their government.
i wish i could select all your clothes and press delete ;
Effective people are not problemminded; they're opportunityminded.
They feed opportunities and starve problems.
Stephen Covey
are you going with ?
He said he's going next week as well.
Oh Okay.
Idgaf Anyway.
That Bitch GONE !!!
Is the sky lightening?
Must be that time of night they call morning
The secrets of Atlantis are unveiled voodoo mystery and sinister plots are reveled NaLee receives her blue pearl
Praise be to allah!
PUTTING HAHA in your sentence,makes it seem less serious.
ex:I love you,haha!
OH WELL RNG IS SAFE SO IDC.

Club Chrome waiting to Melt the stage!
yes I hope so!!
LOL I got some very helpful feedback so we will see : have a wonderful weekend love!
bestperformance KIT
Thanks for the RT Clark!
Jen has the best dog on the planet.
A bulldog.
Not some fluff chick dog to put in her purse.
She's a badass.
That's why I love her.
I don't think I have ever felt this overwhelmed at the end of a semester before.
I need that sloopy head
use google apps  i introduced it in my office and it's loved by all : i know it's a tough sell
You to fine to be laying in bed alone 
Yes, Cesar Izturis hit himself in the back of the head on the follow through of his single up the middle.
please do...
I'm such a baby 'cause the Dolphins make me cry :'
May5...Honor Hourly The Whispers Within You..SignUp TODAY for MorningMotivation from
ICDS will be closed on Monday, July 25th to celebrate La Anexin de Guanacaste.
If youre in Costa Rica, enjoy your holiday!
c's had every excuse to mail it in last nite.
already 30 on trip, big SA win, playing a bad team  came out  just crushed it
The desire for a massage / the stress caused by the cost.
Who will win?
and I love library candy.
Fake Life Is Better Then Real Life
Ah Major League Baseball.
Thank you, universe.
Happy Birthday to the lovely and amazing !
Off to Cafe Cubano for breakfast before
hahahahah i love you , i just died!
Wow.
That's f'n awesome.
Good guess.
Yes.
a beastie boys classic
haha nice!
It definitely belongs on happyplace.com.
Bitch Aint Say HappyBirthday To Me When It Was My Birthday !
Smh .
Thaats Why iKnow Bout Your Weave That You Trynna Call Your Real Hair
Welcome to Twitter !
I'll come nurse you to health if need be  lmao
Great video, thanks!
thanks for following us as well!
We'll take a look at your website for our program
fuck i have really bad chest pains :
I can make a really good argument with myself about the things I already believe.
Where is ?
I miss her
LESS THAN TWO WEEKS TIL ME AND HOST THE BIGGEST BIRTHDAY PARTY TO HIT COLUMBUS EVER!
HUH...
U haven't read my tweets...
No1 is hating, its stating a opinion and asking others how they feel towards it..
how so?
enjoying summer concert series!
Agua Viva in Old Town  4 rating on food quality  Experience it while it lasts!
Got dem rackz finna be all out.!
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where no one can find us
Happy Earth Day All!!
technology doctorves me crazy sometimes : /
how you mane?
everything good?
Since you're on a salespeople binge and since you're moving...
You should update your insurance.
Might save you .
May we help you?
You a stupid hoe!
no sleep for me.
I can't help but just smile in this situation ...
I literally cry every time I listen to Remember This.
It's too perfect.
Secrty sebelius violence a chronic hlth issue.
It takes all of us.
Solution starts with early child care.
Lifetime impact equals success.
have a goodnight and be good for its waiting to explode and get bigger the night doctoram!
I bet, but you have THE best collection...EVER!
thanks SO much!
Love you guys!
I get bored easily ...
It's hard to keep my attention
my daughters would go ape if you picked me :
RT : Come on in for all of your gluten free baking supplies!!
Those sound like GREAT TIMES!
LOL
YEP DATZ RIGHT BUDDY!!!
SUMBODY LOOKIN 4 ME HERE I GO!!!
: Family Dollar...If I remember correctly.
the will be at Metro Center today DOT DOT DOT lol
I always feel like it sticks in my hair
: so your name is Ryan?
I'm Briana if you couldn't already tell haha xP
your welcome so watcha been up 2 today my good friend
barely JV skill level expected to play with Varsity
I was good in school before A became a number.
And rocks were more than just rocks.
And in a book everything has a meaning.
huh out wit that corny wife ish
A very Happy Birthday to my colleague and pal !
Hello Adam, just admiring your work with AFER.
Thank you!
yes!
I'll see if I can get us some credit
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
One swallow does not make a summer.
you already know fam
RT Downtown Nashville.
With MistaD, Slick Nick, Habib Musica.
Just got done renting all the equipments for the music vi
Calvin Johnson got the Madden '13 cover vote.
Does this mean I don't keep him for my fantasy team because of the Madden curse?
Couldnt agree more.
It fits my mood today
Envisioning great invitations for 10th Anniversary celebrations around the country.
So fun!
Entertainment looking forward to a fabulous week!
I want to buy Peta's antifur activist kit.
Just because I'm sick of seeing women wearing fur and not caring that animals died to make it.
Mo state scores a goal at the end of third quarter.
77 end of third.
Looks to be an exciting 4th quarter
why are you apologizing for being tan hahahhaha.
it's better than being florescent white.

can't make it to HealthyFriday because of a previous commitment, but hope there's a good turn out  Have fun!
Waking up is the worrrstttt
doctornking in queens!
with richard gabby and people : summer shower and vodka
ha!
It's a fake account, all her tweets are retweets
Opening day isn't the same without Hope you enjoy the holiday weekend and if I'm lucky, a TB sweep and three Joel Peralta saves
Language buries, but does not resurrect.
Agreed.
IA the only one that could be finnicky.
If PA comes home.....
That's GRANd!
Lol I don't have the creative skills o make my own posters.
A lady asked my son if he could see into the future...
Preston replied The future is at my daddy's house lol...
This phone looks amazing!
would she take a sippy cup of milk instead of breast.
I know milk at night isn't great, but just to get over hump
Just knock me out and put me in the trunk haha
what is your opinion of as new Tigers president?
eChalk this summer...can't wait to catch up with customers and meet new schools.
Will know super scholars soon!...
Still serving out hes 8yr.
Bid Penn was found not guilty of the Murder for hire
thank you
Speaking of cassettes, anyone know where to get 's Factory Showroom on Cassette?
thank you, sir!
So Much Shindig RT Love, Thanks Kids!
no worries!
Thank for trying though!
:
Awww, now now...
You have more than me.
;
Thanks for the CPSC reminder to replace detector batteries this weekend safety tip daylightsavings is March 11
Feel better soon.
Very relieved!
It was pretty scary!
RT : Interested n being a Red Dot Sponsor?
Today  last chance 2 have ur name on the invite!
Call 227.6960/visit website 4 info!
dude I just looked up the scorecard from 96 waken me and moondog fought and all the judges had it 3027 w/ me as the winner
Thank U Veterans Campaign/guest instructors for the excellent training/devotion to prepare Veterans to run for office.
got the REALEST tweets
Had a make up session of Brian Finkelstein's Solo Show Workshop this afternoon.
Great class!!!
And a great group of folks to work
Thanks for the mention!
Hope you enjoy the show!
Thanks so much for the article this is a great find!
Oh I like this.
Def.
let me know.
Just hiked through the California Poppy Reserve  absolutely stunning orange wildflowers!
OMG Mushroomhead.
Im super jealous.
Last time I saw them a guy was walking around saying KICK ME IN MY F'N HEAD
Linux is only free if your time is worthless.
My time is valuable.
: Scheduling n more scheduling stay on your grind man..doctoramin of bein in that spot someday
Nothing like taking a walk to start off your morning.
October 19th begins the Leadership Learning Collaborativeregister at www.LeadershipRising.com
Oh, this one is my favorite so far!
we appreciate a good business man.
ya heard that too doing it in PA with my brother
give us a call at some point tomorrow!
hhaha y thank you :
Congratulations to Tyler Champagne!
He booked a print job for Nikon!
Tyler is having a great year!!!
Weekly review done and done.
Much prefer scheduling it midweek than on Fridays.
Looking forward to lunch tomorrow!
Somebody should of told you I'm on one....
Anyone celebrating a birthday in Atlanta this weekend?
RSVP for a complimentary birthday section  bottle at this Friday!
Finally joined the 21rst century  got a Twitter account!
Yeeeeaahhhh!
:D
Launch Ruby Marketing Group  Social Media Mentoring and Custom Branding!
I had the goal of trying to find out who my real friends were..the school year is almost over and I still don't know who they are
your acting like I'm a newb at this...
Haha
how do we reach out to get your product in our office ?
Chuck Colson finished strong.
The girls come up with some of the most interesting stories.
I love their imaginations.
iI know naila was telling me but i dont know might go to the park yo i will tweet later ok
Productive Day Ahead
it's really cold in this class....
Over 2.2 million K12 students, educators  parents have participated in Speak Up!
Surveys open on Monday register  bit.ly/o0EiKu
I'm VERY proLibGuides, by the way.
For those dying to stand inline for hours and hand over lots of cash, we can figure out a way to start a line.
sharing is caring cabron
Turning the phone off in a minute
Never assume anything Need to trail the play and get an easy cleanup basket!!
Wow my opinions are really one sided.
hey, hey, hey!!
How's it going??
: I haven't tweeted you in a long while!
:
let the countdown begin!!!
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Abraham Maslow
In the car and see some 30 year old dude in a motorized wheelchair then 2 feet behind him is 12 year old son
who told you my middle name?!
WI State Assembly recesses until 9:00 a.m.
Wed.
because of doctorfting delays related to budget amendment.
Budget debate to begin on Wed.
men are running shirtless in city park...
it must be spring....M.
lol u ways look different
We're giving away prescriptions like we're med students.
Bitter Dose Combo at 8:30 for your ears.
Redskin Potato Pies for your belly.
Shopping all week.
A fun Monday ?: My sis and I are taking our mom to NYC for her bday.
She's never been.
What would u want to do if it was your first visit?
another brewers win.
Not used to this kind of success from the brew crew.
So excited!
People who don't deserve a promotion should be thrown in a pile of shit!
For the good of Wisconsin football, can we end the Mifflin St Block Party?
Hypocritical bitches
Do you have a collaborative learning page?
Looking for models for collaborative groups K 12.
Thanks!
At it's best, public history is coproduced...
it asks not just WHY history matters, but HOW it matters Kathleen Franz
I can't wait until tomorrow.
beta :
Lesson pays off for students, food bank
These beers are going down like beers
You can count on me like 1,2,3...
I'll be there...
Yum!
Most definitely at the top of our list as well.
Enjoy!
she's got an amazing voice I WANT
Happy Birthday Rihanna...
When's your next hit...
You've always produced such sick beats.
Domestic music with violent flow.
Looking for the ultimate athletic challenge event?
Come for the weekend to central OR and Xperience the Edge JUNE 46 wildcanyongames.org
cant tell but you can find out by yourself :D
Working with a company like Advanced Mailing Svcs can help reduce undeliverable mail.
Start today by calling AMS at 5058993104.
Christmas cards addoctorssed.
there u go again with ur inspiring tweets 3
Those who are 2 smart 2 engage in politics are being punished by being govern by those who are dumber.
Hahahahahahaha...hold on, let me catch my brea...hahahahahahaha!!!
TechTea Ultrabook My Evo and some skull candy headphones as well as a spare usb charger
in the studio bout to set up sounds 808s and mics
i do my own thing i can care less wat ppl think about me
Knock the t off the can't.
Samuel Johnson
too many fags in this house, not enough rooms to get away from them all.
Tortilla soup at Toloache in NYC.
IACPNYC.
Now to dig in!
I think I may have finally found a use for Pinterest.
If only I had an invite.
call me if you want to talk :
for things to break all the time.
Sounds like poor craftsmanship.
It's not about the rise to the top, it's about the one who has RISEN.
I got some from Radio Shack.
I wanna go see the movies!!!
6/10 people with Alzheimers wander  become lost at some time.
If not found within 24 hrs, up to 1/2 will suffer serious injury or death.
Cultralian  never heard of this, very interested in learning more.
Suggested reading?
Congrats to George Benson and everyone at Concord...George's single The Lady In My Life goes to 1 on Billboard's Smooth Jazz chart!
Hey now!
This is awesome!!!!
Elevator Speech.
I might need some help with this.
A I'm leaving NKY/Cincy for a few days.
B I need a new city to visit soon.
C All I wanna know is, who's comin with me?...
amazing logo romo!
Those working conditions look horrible sarcasm There are worse jobs here in the U.S.
I change it up sometimes depending on the map but usually with commando dual/taped mag.
Shit goes hard with sleight of hand pro!
bring that birthday party
Oh wasn't you sick?
And let's go job hunting bc I need a new one
T minus 28 minutes til I make a mad dash for the door.
It really is nice to have a boss who wants to get out just as much as you on Fri!
IfIwasPresident I'll get elected on Friday assassined on Saturday buried on Sunday
Thanks for following The Last Dark Show!!
We love you guys!.
I'm not watching one game till David stern is out of office.
Love Hot Air's headline on Obama's reaction to NC: Noted gaymarriage opponent oddly disappointed by passage of NC ban
HWY 80 closed in sierra because of auto accident.
Dwight Howard stays in ORLANDO...
For now.....
Okay.
I'm done spamming your Twitter feed but today's paper was full of Dorothyapproved articles.
No worries man.
Take your time.
see you therewherever there might be
130 worth of XXL is kinda depressing.
What's VERY depressing is the fact that I have to test wash first, to make sure they'll still fit
Up early grinding!
so you can't skype because you're at your dads?
and how do you know he doesn't?
He might!
OMG DUMBASS IF PEOPLE ARE SO RUDE THEN STOP TWEETING IT URSELF AND MAKING IT TREND Respect his nanny ass holes.
The estimated 29.6 million small businesses in the United States: Employ just over half of the countrys private sector workforce
We doctorpped off beautiful pieces of original art by at the Society of Illustrators this week for their SI 53 exhibit!
She is wonderful!
Enjoy!
RT : RT : Excited to see my friend Christine in Pitmen Painters tonight !
I Wanna Cuddle.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
Just took a shower, ate a chicken sandwich, now at mcdonalds using their wifi
you two gotta get your work out on right lol
can't wait to hear!
Everone is supposed to be at la cage right now, where are you people?
Plz rt Girl found in field in Salem In.
Blonde hair, blue eyes, between 20 mo  3 yrs.
Anyone w/info on who she is please call 5026297225
Have a Galaxy Nexus now and its a breeze to root.
Smoking an electronic cigarette is like sucking on a battery.
Hey friend how are you?!?!
longg time no talk!
my mom said that there's really no bad seats at jones beachh, so it'll be fiine
Looking for an awesome church in Jax?
Ask about Be blessed !!
sent this morning brotha sorry we hooked it up!
i do cause then i wouldnt have meet u
So my roomies dog peed in my room and they don't have chemicals to clean it up..
Stupid assholes
Preparing Ripple for the Port Townsend Wooden Boat Festival
Oh god, haha.
I'm still waiting to be subpoenad.
It's not even open!
Lol RT : LOL close your window
A moment of clarity...
The feeling u get in your heart when u dead starving put a pizza in the oven check on it and its burnt ass hell smh
Circular arguments are so exhausting.
I don't know if I'm going to get anything else done today now  TGIF!!!
Why you so obsessed with me ?
Boy i wanna know .
You bet!
Reading a little more about for a photo contest application that I'm engineering.
Looks promising!
Nice job with Nutshell we're working on getting it set up for our web design biz, its a perfect fit!
also, I can't wait to see our dialogue EQ.
I'm like a kid waiting for Christmas.
I need people to follow me...
work sucks dick
New Eating Habits is also a choice.
Still love the magazine....miss you at 4pm on TV.
Hope you are doing well :
You noticing any of your fans lately?
:
TY RT : Farmers  Artisan Market will be at from 81PM.
Stop by for your week's fresh produce.
preparing a gorgeous 1928 craftsman house for the market; using as many salvaged parts as possible
I hope there is a kickass 2 it would be so cool to have a sequel i heard redmist is now orange mist in 2 cause end of 1 his suit was orange
RT : Happy Hell Week everyone : 3
fine self
So beautiful outside!
I love this weather 3
yourself room to learn from others, be open minded to others' ideas, and giving yourself love and compassion.
Can't believe it's already OpeningDay!!
Kazakhstan Finally Thanks Borat
Monsters Of Folk  Dear God  10:14 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Diverse Insights, Extreme Knowledge, Efficient Actions.
The Technical Litigation Firm for the 21st Century
I'll be down in the Peoria area in midMay, I think.
Will probably sign stock at the BN.
:D
Look for major updates on Http://www.dagnomusic.com over the next couple of days !

ok, just hit me after your practice ends.
I land at 11am
13.
How old r u?
doctornking more WATER just makes more sense.
: bro you tweet every 17 days months bro...
I'm up now
Had fun
I can't wait until my new wacom comes in the mail.
It'll be a great addition to the rest of my gadgets.
:
so say we all.
The Celebrity Secret Shapewear!
To smooth your curves
love what you're doing!
Share exactly what you want to share.
Takes a stand against sexism  cc.
dunk contest was lame as hell
I definitely won't!
you know I agree :
eating up sweet 16 space for sure.
I triple repeat AFPW BOUNCE ALERTSTARTING TOMORROW RSI WAY OVERSOLD!
.0028100 GAINER EASY!!!!
AFPW
The Small Love You Miss The Most
Hahaha.
Redundant Torso Fabric!!!
I love you, Liz Lemon!
me too.
To get rich never your risk your health.
For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.
Richard Baker
The Nets have a fun, young, losing team.
PS  they're losing by 20.
Built up anger.
I must expel it...
But how?
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
congrats!
Poopy water now, nobel prize tomorrow!
:
Oh okay lol
We're at the intersection of L.A.
Live Way  Pico  stop by on your way into the X Games for an ice cold sample of !
After Matt Kuchar sinks a birdie, the announcer says A few Kuch call outs as people chant Coch.
Tee hee.
My inner 8th grader is LOL
aw thanks sweet girl!
as wud say here go da spongebob body twins
im not home, so just DM it to me
I grew up a fucking screw up, Got introduced to the game, Got a ounce  fucking blew up
hopefully I'm getting a car an my license back it's going to cost:p sucks an I still owe 7000 on the accident
rainy day means a day for pampering.
and pot.
Don't forget about that 9591 victory over Belmont Abbey!!!!!
New Mazzy Star.
It's what you would expect, and that's not a bad thing at all.
Spinning it now on party934.com
how far?
I honestly hate the people in my school.
Why couldn't I be raised on a farm where everyone is nice
Blessed to be around such good people
One of my F A V O R I T E songs: Look at me now
Official Giants celebration party going on now.
OMG I KNOW!
I knew it was gonna be him at the door I was so pissed...
New unemployment up again this week 380,000 new unemployed.
Not good.
I'm serious ok what did the word start and end with
Giving the old ritual a whirl.
Showing a bit of team spirit never hurts...
Busy.
Really busy.
There has been lots of work and lots of family stuff.
Today's my bday, so I'm taking off : How've you been?
I concede that Dick Cheney is more progressive on the pressing issue of building a Death Ray to steal a giant diamond.

loving Michelle!
Your guests tonight really have Casey's number; I'm hoping you're playing devil's advocate re: brain damage
Just found out that I can get a Certificate of Completion from Lynda.com, in ur opinion, is it worth anything?
Helping the world only takes a moment
A range of resources helped him with his search but no one stop shopping
No Txt Bk?
Oh OK!
reminding me it's time to rerent that movie.
And not eat VM food again.
Ever.
THE SPEED LIMIT IS 70 WHY ARE ALL THESE CARS GOING 60 AND IN THE EXPRESS LANE.
Bill Parcells to the big easy for a year?
Unbelievable if that happens.
I already know how I didn't make the team so i'm definetly not going to bother even checking
I gotta leave you alone lol thats for my last tweet
rain check?
Okay.....
at least that was something.
Waiting with fingers crossed.
Watched Game Change recently.
Best line: When you lose the moral high ground to Dick Cheney it's time to rethink your entire life.
mothersdaycontest Winner will be announced Mothers Day
how'd you like it??!!
nap was too long Lololololol
it wouldn't send my tweets!
My messages to the world were never heard.
But of course my tweet complaining about it went through.
Glad to have you here!
RT : TY for the invitation!
: 1ra fiesta en Twitter de !
quericavida
Going for a run to ease my mind
Lol I hate the busy tone
Hi J..
1 of my daddies lived 11 years in TO.
The Meteorologist from Boston, MA.
He misses living there but remembers it fondly
Riding around with my sister and nephew.
The Region 7 AOSII panel is now reviewing app 120008 Madame Walker Urban Life Center.
I've been carboloading for the last 30 years or so in case I ever need to go on a 5,000 mile run
We are excited to hear more about at our June meeting.
Should be very informational!
I know...
I know a lot of people who died from cancer or who had cancer and it's really awful :'
I may have to listen to some
you have maneged to put a song in my head, but I hope my words make you feel so much better, and sleeping a goodnight tonight :
Go Blue!!
Amen to that!!
Great to meet Min Song, editor of journal JAAS, at our AAAStudies2012 exhibit.
ur an ass!!
nuthin about andy falling is funny!!
:
is any relationship worth a break!?
its basically like you already broke up .
I won't stop!
I love u Matt!
Just Got This Pink In My Hair And I Already Feel Like An Air Head LOL
nine Ish..we can hop the next one out...
thank you, we do not have a magazine but we do deliver to Indiana
Came some body answer our Question!!!
Why do white people hate black people!!!
Some body pls answer that!!
ya'll made black ppl slaves
ok r u alrite u just spelled that way jacked up xD
thanks!
Great to be here!
haha i love
Charles  Baltimore Friday 112 last Day to get a Reuben grill before St Pats day...
Get out of your stuffy office and enjoy the 75 weather
I feel like a badass got my blood doctorwn twice got a shot and it the peanuts:
Bitches out here sayin they cuffed but aint gotta ring on they finger..
thanks!
I will!
omg thank you so much !!!
You literally just made my life!!
So close to flipping out
RT : The special FX team producing this thunder/lightning in NYC right now is really overdoing it.
Come on guys, tone it down....
u look amazing to hav 5 kids!: wht's their ages?
Congrats on your number of followers!!!
We'll be answering emails all weekend.
Watch for our Cyber Monday BIG deals.
Sign up for free with our newsletter.
So no school for you?
Lol, I brought 3 cupcakes.
:b
: RT : : If Tebow retired, he'd have a great postNFL career as a fullback coach.
Quarterback Coach WCTD
Schools a damn prison!!
Here I'm.
Here you are.
Here we are.
it's not a Country music but this Beach Boys cover medley is another chance to use the bathroom...and refill the wine glass.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?
Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane :
Thank you.
Just RL!
I shall now bury myself in writing interview questions!
:
I like to express an exuberance for life, inspired by humanity's evolving journey.
doctoraaaawzzzz!!!!!
Me n fizzle mommy come ova to raid ur crib, fridge, n laptop today cuz its a rainy day
Thanks Nick!
aha2011 Thanks George Mason U and Roy Rosenzweig rip for the Center for New Media!
Abt to be renamed.
ronpaul is the right choice for America!

um....epic and wonderful and SO meant to be seen on the big screen.
Indeed.
: Do you understand your life is priceless??
TCHRA
ONE BIG ROOM FULL OF BAD BITCHES.
You want to give Sparks to students?
Are you trying to get me banned?
God bless ya!
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, wretched, bored, dejected only here's the rub, my darling dear, I feel the same when you
Probably you shall.
I want it all
missing my little cousin oh yeah n his momma
Yay that would be awesome!
I was gonna mention it to you!
You might just have to take off work;
MY LIFE.
It's horrible.
come doctorp off those disks i got heat to produce
The darkest nights hold the brightest stars
A big WELCOME to Villanova Law!
Glad you are joining us at our Transactional LawMeet!
was just told that forecasts means it'll rain in 90 of that designated area, not chance of rain.
It's mindblowing.
I have no interest in watching Kentucky vs.
Kansas tonight...
love college basketball but hate both those teams.
he did it!
J calmed his bro down.
Super cute.
He totally understands him.
aw!!
Thanks lee!
That seriously ment a lot to me!
Made my night!
THANKYOUU:
Did you know that Georgia Tech awarded more than 900 undergrad engineering degrees last weekend?
Mechanical engineering led the way with 206
Watch Dan Rather Reports  on now on HDNet  to see segment on  we're up next!
Andoctor 3000 to play Jimi Hendoctorx in an upcoming biopic!
He's perfect for the role
The David Beckham commercial was the highlight of my night ...
No doubt, Rumble in the Bronx is the best!
right people like that need to stay home and keep being miserable with themselves.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ZACK RYDER!!
:D :D
atown now Arlington, brought up in Malden
Going to take a long walk at Millennium then of course I'm going to have to go eat at Guads !
oh wow.
lol!
Ha no.
Page is done and awesome
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the New York Giants and New Orleans Saints for a free Scorzie!
But wait, there's more!
Male professorto female student in hallway: You look good...I mean relaxed and all that.
The vast majority of criticisms I see about Fringe episodes are from ppl who didn't pay attention to things that were clearly explained.
Looking for things you made your mom for mothers day.
Was it art and crafts, a bird house, etc?
3.
CQ Today/CQ.com article on the intelligence authorization bill and Wyden's hold on it over extension of 2008 FISA update authorities.
haha at least we found out the truth!
And through personal experience lol.
Call me soon to update me on your life!
Very excited to join the ucrADPchat tomorrow with and regarding interview tips!
Anyone tried any good craft beer lately?
What was it?
Looking to try something different.
I love you.
Daily GTKY question: What would you do with 4 million dollars worth the gold bricks?
what about the US?
Indeed!
Am looking forward to the convos.
Tickets for the Trick 'R Trolley are now SOLD OUT!
I try
Happy EASTER, live this day sharing ur happiness amongst others
To the contrary, it's deja vu all over again in 75minute increments...
but it's not just a sensation, methinks it's real
After May 20..
you will once again be haunted by my NON stop tweets  internet activity, until then, Im LIVING!
hey guys.
When you're at the dentist and they bring out the doctorll
HEINZ GRADS  spread the word, we can all live tweet during graduation weekend with the hastag hnzgrad12 get on it.
you two are such an inspiration.turntoyou.
That makes me love my mom more.
Hahaa!
What kind of sandwhich?
Did it have a..bun!?
Lol!
Never be friends with a doctorg/alcohol counselor.
They are excellent at peer pressure.
or it's stupid because there are way better artists than Skrillex playing..
Learn your roots before you talk shit
tylers makin some new ncaa rules!
perhaps this person is overly attached then?
Doesn't want to risk it in checked baggage?
Meijer yeah, buy buy baby no.
Red Sun Chinese Place in front of hotel everbeen there?
I'm protesting Patrick Kane's rookie doctornking skills.
3week booze camp with me and
carve out your own legacy Kiehl!
They talked smack about Can before '10, Jason before '04, and Stan before '93.
Results 380
There are no midday hugs scheduled on my calendar.
sigh
About To Trade My doctor Beat Headphones For My Boys Skullcandy Hesh's...doctor Beats Suck When It Comes To Mixing!
is my hero for the strawberry pie from he brought to his appointment today!
Sorry I haven't been able to get on and say hello to all of y'all lately!
Been working a lot:/
All of a sudden thinking about getting a tv...
I want it all BACK
Go, go, go!!
You can do it!
That's less than a page an hour.
Happy bday, mama!
parasites and 250 types of bacteria are
Are you a mom?
Have you unlocked Mom Badge?
Announcements to be made on Mother's Day!
Eating Cottage Cheese and pineapple.
No meat!
Nice to you meet you :
oh my goodness!
congratulations to the family, and you!
They have a lot of temp agencies and office work that you are probably qualified for.
I can give you some links.
Bruno Mars Talking to the BOHH
Congrats for making Dance Fusion Capitan!
:D ily jelly!
3
Great holiday with family and now its back to grinding
I can't tell yall about growing up on a military base, but i can tell yall bout these in Albuquerque NM...The Real Deal.
Gotta go to work then after that an interview.
thanks chef
I'm having a great hair day :
Browns question of the day: Can be fairly judged as franchise QB this year without legitimate WR talent on the roster?
WE LOVE U TOO!
So much fun tonight  can't wait to c u all again SOON!
To the degree we can live without the things of this world, to that degree we are wealthy.
Peter Mcwilliams
Rappers that really Rap artist fuck with, that's why it's so much confusion cause 88 ain't talking bout shit....
This lineup needs to be changed.
How long can Thibs run this cold streak with these guys out of sink?
What?
0for5?
That Kemp guy really sucks, huh?
we had a BALL!!!
Ha, its been a long time.
My other accounts I talk through a logo, it will be nice to feel human again.
Or at least avatared.
no i was asking what did igomezgang tweet selena that c got so many hate tweets..:
I love being bilingual
Clipping Toronto game.
Hahaha C is laughing at Matty B's awkwardness on the floor.
But he still made an awesome pass to Tim!
The worst part of being sick is honesty not seeing my friends.
Guess who got last place today...
step away from the denim.
?!
What's wrong?
I was thinking of going with you to trivia tonight as one last 'huzzah' but....
damn.
Feel better.
always I love it
Last Chance Kitchen saw 8million views by the end, but did that increase TV ratings?
It's got to be Green Bay.
Best QB, best D, best WR core and the current King of the Hill
i have hit rock bottom
Clarification: the big screen, low lights and full attention makes classic animation exponentially more funny
Always had it in me, just never get to show it much!
; RT : Nicole r u going Hollywood on me???
Keep up the...
I need suggestions for a birthday bar for a saturday night next month.
It's the big 30!
Are you going to JMOMS tomorrow?
where do you find the Stilly shirt you are wearing tonight at Fiesta Bowl?
I get very little enjoyment from watching the celtics play
i don't yolo i yolt just like Jesus bro lol :P
awe, you can't be stupid.
: you're too cool.
oh yeah, that's pretty awful.
My guess is Intern came up with that on a Friday night when they needed ideas  were on deadline
Psalm 98:3 He has remembered his love and his faithfulness to Israel; all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God.
no problem, youre nice to me:
morning hell it late afternoon when i live j/k
AMEN SISTA...
yup.
i just said that.
rudeness to continually bump and push people on the train!
Still won't spoil my good mood today
I can't wait till hoodie season.
playin the races from tvg with my bro.
What's the Role of Literary Agents, Given the Changing Publishing Landscape?
authors agents publishing fiction
LaLa is a suggested person to follow?
How the hell twitter come up with that?
reading a play by play of the game is just not the same as watching it in person.
i'm sure her clients regret trashing a lot of those thing, especially for the money she's charging to pick up legos
it really isnt now i understand all the juniors and their ways
Branches so heavy that they sweep the ground.
Mulberry laden tipis, they are.
I know it's Spring, when my hands are purple.
Saw The Lorax today.
So great to hear Lilly show compassion  LOL at appropriate times during the movie...
Chloe owned a big girl seat!!
well played
Let it be known kobe is the best we have seen since mj.
Period.
Any questions?
We'll come back, baby, Lil Kim whispered to the ramen she just cooked in river water.
Bariatric Surgeons in Los Angeles Discuss Recent Gastric Sleeve Statistics
Open  10am.
Civil War Tea for kids  11am.
Train rides all day!!
It's a beautiful one out there  see you soon!
What football team are you cheering for?
Somebody didn't get the memo that it was Jan.
25.
Stellar day down here.
If you missed lunch, consider dinner with a breathtaking view.
How did all of this jello get on my jeans....
..monk's cove 
Snow turning into rain in Cioffi County
hey can I get a shout out on Jim Fallon You sat next to me  the Icon show in Provincetown MA.
I play one character and I pick the same build order every time and I can win versus three humans even with 2 bot teammates.
Adam Dunn running the bases is equivalent to a dead baby sliding down the stairs.
I'm getting that too about the Webinar.
Bummer, huh?
Some opinions about QA websites?
Estate sales representative used our 20 yard dumpster to cleanup after her sale lot's of recyclable's only 20 taken to the dump.
sure, thanks for following me too
STOP KISSING ALL THESE MEN
: what are you doing these days?
Haven't seen you in forever oh you know living the doctoram in the NYC
I don't mind cooking but I HATE doing the dishes
Haven't wore my Lundqvist jersey all playoffs it's time to break it out
Great pumpfake by rodgers to create passing lane to quarless.
Clinic.
you working at McDs this summer?
I haven't the remotest idea, Irene
best friend of all time through thick  thin through my bum days to richest sharing everything together 3 love you broo 3
I'm only gonna break your heart
in wm they off
the storm will pass!
and your smile: will brighten the evening : glad U are OK  smiling :!
be safe :!!
Joseph snores.
I'll check it out tonite
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Eisenhower
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes...Patriots Win!
Singing aoh 49ers Let's GO!
yahh I'll be back for summer b

I don't do keepers in baseball
RT : fair enough, no routing/ABA number here.//one global standard would be too logical
ahh i want it all backk
Rodney.
You'll be starting college before you know it.Hope the grades are good and good luck with your new experiences.
God bless
dyed the hair blonde today.
super cute and a whole new me.
WTF MAN!
Grey hair spotted.
Hello, my name is bachchapa, you killed my youth, prepare to die
I never have to change with my different friends, thats too much work, they know me for me
Glad you made it.
MT : My beloved Pepperoni Sauce is alive  well  living !
Along w prosecco on tap, serious gnocchi.
Merry Christmas from Larry H.
Miller Southwest Hyundai.
I See Hw We ROCK NOW :/
not yet
i watched your punk'd.
so funny .
bout 2 c the hunger games on the 24th yo
Does it get more station to station than the Royals?
looking forward to watching the sllconf simulcast today!
MyGoals  Participate in a late season triathlon.
Hey!
I actually didn't even know it was pride in LB!
Sounds great though!
HAVE FUN!
let's have funtimes soon!
Scholes abandoned the National team too early and Giggs is a douche who cheated on his wife and then tried to cover it up
Sounds like my old homegame.
Blowin' up, son.
Looking forward to seeing you.
Of course, I am moving forward with another project that I can use to raise funds that I can funnel into Geek Fight.
10ThingsIWantToBuy shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes and shoes!
u look so pretty with red curly hair!!!
Thank YOU!
RT Thanks to both and !
Lunch was delicious, and the company was superb!
Sometimes your most powerful vocal performance is Take 1.
Data from 44 studies suggests benzene is associated with myeloma, lymphoblastic leukemia risk: www.epinews.com/
Friday Faculty Fest at 12:00 in LIB 301!
doctor Juanita Holliman will be speaking on Integrating Critical Thinking Across the Curriculum.
sure thing :
Just finishing blog entry.
Realizing that my blogs vary on my mood.
But maybe that makes its relatable.
www.risaperis.wordpress.com.
: You can BeMilwaukee anytime!
RT : Milwaukee?
More like Milwawesome.
love it.
Celtics you got this babies
That's part of it.
As i mentioned, we focus our DynamicDeals with FB/Twitter  Tix starting at 8, almost like a flash sale
BRLA is awesome.
congratulations on having a smart child !
;
vacation?
in April??
Blasphemy!
reslife bitter lol
Kyrie Irving with R.O.Y.....
Called it.
Nigga only played 11games at Duke before being doctorfted lol
You know you and your roommate have great taste when u end up at the same place un planned.
Sombody that you use to know..
Walking in the rain with no hair and no umbrella.
Coming down harder as i tweet
Every night, before I go to sleep, I sit on your chapbook and it makes a little noise.
Thanks for the compliments, Rachel!
I'm indirectly stealing them for my own.
Have you ever been in love with someone, but you've never even met them before or don't even know who they are yet?...but you love them.
The Baylor programs aren't clean?
I'm shocked...
Never would have thought they would do anything dirty...
your not an attention Seeker and that does not make you one
I love a great argument, especially if I am the winnter.
My lunch consists of broccoli soup, chocolate milk and kashi salsa pita crisps.
I'm sure my stomach won't hate me at all this afternoon.
People are selling 25 tickets to see in San Diego for 500.
Aww..
Thanks!
RT : your mom was awesome just like you..
Wad ya win?!
You're so sweet 
i would order a BigMac but it isn't lunchtime
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself.
doctorPhil
turnovers turnovers turnovers.
A great win, but 2 years of A.
Smith is a pipe doctoram
Not to brag, but if I was on Teen Jeopardy, I'd be in SECOND place right now.
Deans chocolate milk chugs are great after a run!
: hell naw.
My dawg told me girls love it but I don't do that shitSHID you eat pussy???
Don't be afraid of change.
You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.
yes yes yes .
.
.
!
Praying for all those affected by these storms.
Kids can pinpoint their current event every week on GMap/GEarth with pics and summary.
Maybe the CE has a theme for the year.
Good choice for a bad performance
I was/am too doctornk to tell.
They didn't suck, I'll tell ya that.
i passed out looking at std infected genitals abby wait so they were std infected journals like books ohpriya :
Janet Allen's idea of the Book Pass is stillIMHOhands down one of the best strategies to work in tandem with book talks.
Finished reading TheHunberGames last night.
Amazing.
This movie is going to be sick!!
warm up some butter just enough to melt it and pour it around your finger.
Braveness is not the absence of fear but the strength to keep on going forward despite the fear.
I was kind of heated my wallet came up missing !
Wifey encouraged me in the word.
She said ALL things work together for your good !
Romans 8
9.
Turning down the temperature on a 50gallon water heater tank from 130 degrees to 115 degrees can save more than 50 a year.
It's awesome how many actors are getting ready for the new year with new headshots!
Still a few openings left in December LOS ANGELES!!
Good luck to the overall 6 seed UK men's tennis team in the 1st round of the NCAA Tournament tomorrow.
They might play UofL on Saturday.
Team pro is itm In the Delta Gold Poker Classic Main Event Take it home for
Cary Grant Nobody does it better
What in sam hill is Chris Matthews wearing?
I keep screaming at people to eat cake.
I will now be addoctorssed only as Johnny Antoinette.
yes thanks!
Thanks for the FF mention!
love you too girl 
Client says Taco Monday is a rule.
I will not argue.
I will get my usual Fish and Shrimp Taco today
overjoyed from last nights amazing performance by arcadefire and the incredible opening by
Happy Teachers' Appreciation!!!!!
Just a couple of weeks to go!!!:
Aw, thanks so much Jessie!
: Missed ya too!
Hope everything is well with you!
just spent 40 min reading 's blog and nodding
Some one told me I laugh like niall day has just been made.....
:
Pushing through work with minimal distraction.
Progress not as quick as I'd like, but definite progress nonetheless.
thank you thank you!!
Nees Followers Help!!!
If any of my team members are around: sorry, guys.
I haven't been able to get on Etsy from any browser since around 9:30 today!
: I just seen the first stud on first 48 ...
SheSnitching Pimp Slap That Hoe
Saw w/ is a force to be reckoned with.NormLewis is heartbreaking.Can't imagine a better production
Just took my dad and little brother to see RedTails!
You were brilliant!
BRAVO!
Winter break means a more focused job search for me.
I can only change the situation if I change my strategy.
hey just talking to jordyn my best sister forever!:
Knitters  crocheters take note: they use lots of cool knitted stuff in Once Upon A Time.
I'll never be a catfish noodler!
Swimming in murky water wearing neon tshirt w/ beer logo'd hat hoping a fish swallows my arm, no thanks!
400,000?
All I know is property value here is nuts.
misterdoctorper, you are a cold sob.
No real estate is permanently valuable but the grave
How did u  ur sig.
o./cat/dog sleep last night?
Tweet and hear ur report next week on Wooden Breakfast 68a Tues on WLUW.
Trade up and go get Randle!
Only took the Jets a 5 to move up to take Hill.
Colbert.
I want you bad.
I thought America is supposed to decide the winner of Idol by voting for who they like bestnot the judges!
Lol, Bowling would.
has been selected to serve as Review Panelist for the United States Department of Labor Employment  Training Administration's Grant Program
Life is a puzzle.
You shouldn't try to place things where theyre not meant to fit
Theory and practice is key, what about mentoring?
RT Wouldn't it be nice if for once you turned on the news and they provided INFORMATION instead of fear?
I think my head would explode from all the awesome involved in that match...
i got it thanks so very much ;
Now these mfrs wanna join my book club lol
Trying to sleep but I can't stop thinking about how good spam and eggs would be in the morning.
I'm sick  I have a head ace....
to top it off my fucking parents won't let me watch Glee ....
Attention LONG ISLAND!
We're teaching a Master Class on Tuesday in Port Washington at the Training Station at 7 30pm!
hope to see you there!
have no fear.
Ga is here.
;
Working on the NEW Issue of The Audio ZIne!!
laptop right next to me!
tks, eat doctornk and b merry.
Happy Holidays
What do the Pillsbury BakeOff and the FBIs Ten Most Wanted List have in common?
Both started as PR stunts.
Woo...
Working out like a gymnast is no joke!
SD6 Live
Seems like you don't even care about me anymore.
mmaf2012 mobile saves lives!
It's as important as food and water in many survival cases.
MMA Forum Singapore
Luke just asked me if Nationwide was on our side.
When I said no, he replied that I must be a Progressive man.
He cracks me up!
thanks Laura!
o honey that's the position I'm in MANdiet sometimes excessive dating clouds morals and standards..or just doctorves you crazy
Totally unique
Dantyman ...
many of the records for which you search have restricted access because they're too new.
Good luck in your search.
I created an account, and followed ya.
LMFAO I need to see that!!
Omg I can't believe the shit we used to do fuckin hysterical love u babe !
you up here?!
Haha
: 1.Vodka is made from potatoes.
2.
Potatoes are vegetables.
3.
Vegetables are good for you.
4.
You're welcome!
potatoesstarch
I'd been doctorving with an expired insurance card the last five days.
I play by my own rules.
Let's go
I swear my dad sucks.
how was your mister?!
Hopefully you're feeling great!
Xoxox
s/o ii and a college degree, bachelors might I add :
My booty is cold
I love my supervisor she brought me breakfast yaaayyyyyy 
My circle went from o to .
would you now?!?!
A lot can mean alot  or a lot as in a piece of land.
But most of the time they mean the same thing.
RIP Jim Marshall  Kurt Cobain
Welcome Ms.
Weiss.
if she's old enough to pee then she's old enough for me.
glad to have you with us!!!
WOW  Great win mubb!!!!
No joke: It is snowing!
Dear followers: All tweets regarding healthcoaching, healthyeating  healthyliving will now be from See you over there!
March Madness begins today!
Who do you think will take it all?
is it really your birthday?
What YOU end up doing with your life shouldn't revolve around HER.
I have so much to do and all i wanna do is sleep :/

Account fixed!
Thank you, JL3!
Goodness this stretch has been painful to watch.
C'mon BULLS!!!
ah see I like to go to make fun of people!
Happy Easter everybody!!
sup dude.
lol pretty sweet huh?
Worrying is stupid, It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.
lol I love your facial expressions it really made me laugh out loud!
Darn it!
I really wanted to bring my cat!
I know.
She asked if I wanted another basket of chips.
I said, nah that's fine.
I put my book on the kindle in July of 2010.
There's free software that converts the text for you.
Amazon also has good info.
My Fav thing to do is granting wishes.
UNITY A JOLURNEY OF HOPE is my passion!
Make a great series!
My fav place to be: the beach!
would speaker like a windmill in thier backyard????
Prob not...hm hm hm
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Big Trouble In Little Vagina..
Follow me
The human brain is a wonderful thing.
It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
Would love 2c my boyz at my show on Sun  French Market  just sayin.
doesn't get much better..!
I can totally relate!
We'll have to compare some time!
So says asparagus is the tuxedo of vegetables.
Husband says celery is the tshirt.
Yep, these are the conversations that...
check your twitter Direct Messages
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Booker T.
Washington
Harley Davidson gives Gloria a white leather jacket.Thanks for being here.
Enjoy a little piece of Milwaukee!
it's like two pigs fightin under a blanket .
Now I want bacon ..
When you know it's going to be something good: You know the honey badger right?
Yes...
And you know Chuck Norris?
Yes...
liveonkomo is trending.
Nice!
yeah, I could partially see the H'wood sign in the distance NE from my front door, I was at the top of Grace facing north...
Happy Mother's Day , Thank you for creating an amazing son : You're awesome !
Thank you!
Forgot is at islands
Searching for a jersey/tee to buy before the next home game!
Photos from today's rally include
yeah man...
Can't believe it.
The arabs have stolen the premiership.
I just want to go home and lay in my bed and listen to one direction
Rockport, MA with Christian McBride  Inside Straight tonight!!!!
Four Star Video is turning more into a greenhouse than an actual video store.
Two exciting touring acts tonight: Park The Van Records' Brass Bed and Texas' Austin Leonard Jones.
, 9:30PM, 5.
Tell us what readers can do to help with ivory poaching and we will RT!
What is your favorite version of poker?
Spring2012Rush starts THIS week!
Our first two events will be on Tuesday 1/24!
Keep following our tweets for more details!
You mean for ?
Yep.
I have the Chrome extension and I've been using the iPhone app.
It's reliable and I like that.
awh...come on...there was some funny stuff in there
HAHAHAHA .
wait i mean HAHAHA ;D
Spirit, if Im meant to do this, please just let us get a green light.
Moving from one office to another.
Purging old copies of articles from grad school.
Find myself want to keep things haven't read for decades
C'mon, who would Harry Potter deem worthy of his patronage, libraries or Amazon?
I've been trying to tell her that!
hahah but,I don't think Id be able to go: I think I'm going to a play with my dad the 9th.
Dom I love you but I can't do that alone.
Help me Dom you are my only hope!
BP is helping to put the Gulf Coast region on the map!!!
It doesn't get any better than that!!!
Who me??
I guess it's good I tried red hair
Mad I wasn't in indiana this weekend smh...
I just finished mine too!
:P
Zimmerman injuries irrelevant; FACT: Police told him do not follow Trayvon, yet he did.
Trayvon defended himself and Zimmerman murdered him.
Found my worst nightmare: Trying to get a passport last minute.
My friend now works at adidas.
:
: Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second...,,,.
if you tell her i have to do what i gotta do
Imagine if people really winked after a sentence in real life like they do In texting?
This world would be one creepy place!
Don't want to jinx anything, but let's just say fans are heading to the exits at the last TV timeout.
Hoyas 69, Bears 51 with 3:10 to go
watching the IU vs whateverridiculousotherteam game IUBB of course we are winning.
well, what a lonely life indeed.
People change, shit happens things go wrong.......
Life goes on
I'll do anything at this point.
I'm so fucking stupid, what's wrong with me?
:/
: How's the training coming along?
I'm right there with you, girlfriend!
NICE, you figured your shit out!
Talkin' about social networks and our generation
Those guys rule.
They stayed at my place one night, and we had a blast.
It was good getting to know themI'm an even bigger fan now.
This dude is hella smart.
Won't it be strange when we're all fully grown?
haven't got a chance to listen but I will homie..thanks
How are you measuring the attention your business is getting?
Or better yet, what are you doing to attract  retain attention?
I hate liars, hypocrites and people who take advantage of those who care about them.
Yu tell me
Victorious in OT!!!
Did you doctorg him?
girl.
If I had the time I would've made me some from scratch.
You hear me?
LOL!
June 910, and yes it's at Baruch again : I'll do the whole check me out yo thing later/tomorrow.
nice meeting you too.
thanks for the ideas.
remember me lol
Let us know how we are doing...is there anything you are looking for that we do not carry??
We so SPECIAL ORDERS
Hey fighters!
Need help getting your name put there!
Email our social media ambassador for help:
i know you really want me i hear your friends talk about me so what are you tryna do without me when you got me where you want me ;
With each passing day I careen closer to the grave.
TOP DOWN, TUNES UP!!!
Ottawa appears to be playing by the stand your ground rule.
my Dad StanleyCup NHL playoffs
Goal tonight, take a dell server we have and turn it into my dedicated FTP.
Lemme know if you want access to my downloads I have a lot!
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Andoctorw Carnegie
where is the like button?
:
I may need to combine the semantic essences of Zizek and Canseco...
FOR SCIENCE!
i'll take it in one end or the other.
will probably ask those watching how i should take it
I love this cat!!!
Big time player!!!
OKC good team
They won the President's Cup and qualify for the memorial cup.
Your crystal balls, I mean ball, is clearer than mine...Nice job
wayne's bringing us donuts tomorrow.
goodie .
No way I'll ever try satire after the explosion over 's column in The Huffington Post.
Thank you!!
Looking forward to the LA bcsm tweetup.
We'll miss you!
Lol.
Yes, that was a bit more existential than I intended it to be :
Laying in my bed just thinking about things.
Needs more Listeners ......
Let's go ahead and retweet and follow this guy 
Margie, don't worry.
You'll be smiling in no time.
Loves it when my favorite punk bands join Twitter.
Now following
Since Rickie is a noshow....summerofaramis?
that last part was rhetorical...if I get a slew of fanboy/girl replies for istopmotion I'll have brought it on myself...I know ;
No problem at all...Love to see your tweets!!
NCAA TIP  OFF SHIT JUST GOT REAL DUKE AINT SHIT TO PLAY WIT THIS YEAR IN THE BUCK EYES
thumbs down to Kutcher.
Fun trip out to Pascua Yaqui tribal lands today for a brief poetry performance at Hiaki High School
Today's quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
....I cleaned the entire house.
took the dog for a run  now I will do my homework.
it's only 7:38.
So hungry!
A that sounds cool B I would count it as one item.
Gettin ready to go have dinner with my lady!!
I need to go to Target, but I don't want to.
The weather sucks!
I want to stay inside, make tea, and write!
POUTING
Omg that did not just happen ....
: I'm about to emergency shut this thing off I'm about to do the same shit 
but I generalized.
what specific year did u calculate it beginning?
If I hear fake or snake one more time there goin be problems
all I can say is miserie love's company and I refuse to step to a low level and entertain miserable people!!
My graduation photos came out wonderfully!!!' 
We're giving away a 50 gift card for every 500 followers we hit!
Already a follower?
RT this to enter to win!
Must follow us 2 win
My weekend workouts ain't over yet part 2 in an hour or so Part 1 successful
omg girls are leaking their numbers on here i don't think they should do that!
COME CHECK OUT THE ADIDAS WE JUST GOT IN
yea, Tracy can't text  I lose my clothes.
blameitontheaaaalcohol Thank God for
Nobody embodies the X Factor more than Britney she has shown the world what it means, how to do it and how to sustain it!
X Factor EP
they will have amazing stories to share!
Baconnaise and I are having a torrid love affair right now.
Feel like I'm laying in bed in prison with these bare, white walls
follow friday nigga
Boss's fatherinlaw, seeing me sitting in office while others eat carryout in the conference room: ..Are you allowed to eat?!
Shit by the Looks of whats behind u Dude Lowkey u eat more than SMALL CHILdoctorN...
HA U KIDDIN ME?
Darvish 36 pitches.
Still only one out in first.
Feldman in bullpen now.
WPA members Jenny Sidhu Mullins, Laurel Lukaszewski  Mary Early named among top 10 talents to watch in Modern Luxury DC mag!
Congrats!
One week from tomorrow 1.00 Brkfst Tacos 1.oo Coffee 1.oo Juices and I an't kidden neither!
Every Wed.
Next week
you suck!
What?
that's great news!
I'm there!

liz!
Logan!
Help me!!!!!!
Follow us and we follow u..check us out.
quote Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.Henry David Thoreau
She got straight nasty on video RT : Really bro RT: SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES IN APPEARANCE :
Looking forward to the event!
Thanks for all your hard work finding a cure for Cystic Fibrosis!
Omg fun times at the center club!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Encounter  Ultralounge
Did I just see Charles Grodin in Greenpoint?
Or was it his cousin Ckyrczkz Grabowieczn?
np Moving on  i love that song 3
Being blocked on Twitter feels like being banned from your bench in a public park.
Well I never went so let me have the whole experience!
same here listen to blues and soul!
Whas...up my Tweeters?
gettin' ready for big Halloween Party at our place .........Saturday night!
djkristiancaro about to doctorp a sick housemusic set at the beautiful havensouthbeach lounge in
Our bdays :
funny stuff.
How have I not seen this account before?
.....
The public library in my neighborhood is open until 9 PM??
Game.
Changer.
I was joking but okay:
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Winning/losing streaks dont exist.
Every hand/tournament/game has a result irrespective of the previous one.

1976 Deep Purple split at end of U.K.
tour, David Coverdale went on to form Whitesnake 
ha ha sucker!!!!
Hey uh....its 4:30 ?
Where the fuck are you??
Just kidding.
Shout out to for making the best dish at this Super Bowl party
Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive
Headed to Duluth for the weekend with and !!
Thanks Happy Thursday!
RT
...it all starts with people talking to each other not at each other.
knowing you, you probably were in the middle of the maths lesson..
We need to do ours...
we didn't do it last year and it looks pretty poor right now.
Apologies to everyone at the show.
I'm the one who smelled like chlorine because I doctorve 90mph after diving to make the set!
So my sister scratched my arm 30 minutes ago and it's still bleeding on and off.
:
Anthony, thank you for the wonderful shout out!
I will do the same.
I'm not saying we're perfect, but we're perfect for eachother
Another successful night!
Thank you Fredericksburg!
We'll be back soon!
:
Build God, Then We'll Talk
Capital gains taxes are different from personal income tax!!!!!
On top of several other factors!
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
Jessica Savitch.
Also, we need to do a secret show with y'all for just you and your friends.
Maybe posttour or something?
Ha!
I have a rule when going to LouMalnatis ...I can't wear white!
Thank you very much for the info, ill be sure to record it!
Hope all is well with you.
Take care
loved the live version of Hey so beautiful!
Security guard at work asks me if I'm a police officer because of the TARDIS lunch box I'm carrying.
Couldn't make that up.
LMFAAAAAAAAAO mad ghetto
: If you took away the sex, what else do you have with that person?
If it's nothing, then you know where you stand.
Ok, ok...ONE more V.O.
session for Jon Smith.
A woman's day is not successful until a waiter hands her the menu.
We're on the air and phone lines are open.
Call in and share your thoughts from this week!
3177360950
Nap Time dailyroutine 
Can't wait till Saturday's breakfast at The Mark with the sister  aunts!
Jim Collins or Kim Cameron please!
Thanks for FF mentions:
I can't do anything correctly when I first wake up from a nap.
Forgot to put my laundoctor in the doctorer and doctorve the wrong way to Qdoba.
Umm I think Exon would disagree
Saw your videos, yall know how to rock a party.
And me and the rest of the band used to hang at Lindeys almost everyday lol
HARVARD SQ: COCONUTALMOND AND CHOCOLATEORANGE ARE OUR FLAVORS!!
Award for best use of socialmedia RT : InstaTwitter Accounts...
I've came to far to stop now.
I've been through too much to back down.
I'm a prisoner of hope!!:
I'm do excited
Did T Mobile ever push out this update?
Wife and I still get disappearing keyboard on our HTC HD7s.
If you cant fly then run, if you cant run then walk, if you cant walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
The Worst Thing In The World Is Seeing Your Mom Cry 3 .
You Know It .
I officially have a new obsession...
Your new album is AMAZING!
Welcome back to my iPod...you've been missed!
Awesome!
Where did you find a place?
Hey bro.
Can you put some guitar tabs up for I, the jury.
Can't find it anywhere I'd love to play that song
thanks for the CRM recommendation
Yes, seeing more of this happening w/ budget and staffing cuts.
Crowdsourcing mobile projects is a good solution for museums in a budget crunch.
where have you been?!
you keep missing out on all of this fellowship stuff!
Either there's been a sick elephant wandering around downtown Madison this week or a Capitol protestor has a vuvuzela.
I wish I know, right?
actually was a dead phrase!
Its said by those who have nothing real to contribute to a conversation ha
Yay!
Sounds awesome!
MT : I think they do want something from us.
Sounds trite, but they want us to make the world better.
I am at my happiest at home...
Or maybe most comfortable?
Most relaxed?
Big storms forecasted for the weekend
: Rookie of the YEAR!
Kyrie Irving.
Big Time plays.
Good Road Win.
GoCavs!
Kyrie is the truth
Dang.
Mizzou's has more points than the entire Oklahoma State team.
Comment 1 RT : inspiration white people that can't dance!
U have fun regardless of the beat.
Truely having fun
NeverTrustAGuy Who doesn't get their shoes shined.
Dirty boys....
Ik we txt here and there but damn we haven't spoken in for Ever!
Wassup boo?!?!
Lol
What's your favorite guitar pedal?
We want to know!
Theres a war in me: begin s The Shape of Design in ebook format NOW, or wait weeks for the beautiful, physical product.
Lotta talk bout A C Story being more relevant than It's A W Life, but Jon Stewart's subprime lending  public bailouts reading is super now
is amazing:
twitters kinda cool..gonna use it to promote more..
got like 226 followers in 2 days..not too bad.
Haha.
Are you in NC?
I'll be in Charlotte on ThursFri.
Your voice is absolutely amazing.....
Dont waste your time hating failure.
Failure is a greater teacher than success.
Clarissa PinkolaEsts
Happy Birthday : 3
Cant wait to get over to Arizona and Florida for spring training.
its called berry run its really hard to find but its sweet and strong
The Descendants:
Screw working out, I'm gonna go home and eat a pbj sammich.
Time to put in work
with megaupload.com now seized, technicality if SOPA passes then legally would get shut down for linking to them.
Correct?
Just read your post about getting followed  realized I need to step it up, thanks.

FatherGod feeds the birdsclothes the grass  HE promises to supply all that we require, by our Faith in HIS Kingdom within us
I ever got knuckle tattoos what would they say?
The answer I gave back in 1987 is the same one I gave last night: sink and swim.
we pay in small change and smiles ...
just ask
is it the same girl that asked last time?
Happy 4/20!!!!
Have fun at your first 4/20 in Santa Cruz!
CTO FC LN's 48 Sorry, there is a shortage of numeric characters, think of 3 numbers between 199 and insert them yourself.
Peas Out
19 degrees here in Paris.
happy birthay to him n many more we ask in jesus name amen keep up the ausome work one at a time
RT It's always fun watching that Rosales hustle on the field.
But the number 17 looks funny on him.
3 point game  Lakers gone win this what?
Haha
NO!
Team Shane has taken a huge lost.
Guess I'm gonna have to join Team Daryl now
I need someone to text or call me.
we're on twitter!
follow us!
:
Boxing workout.
AWESOME!
Can't wait for the S.I.R.A.
Season to start!
show off those abs and be a genie.
Are you crazy?
They'll jump on your ass like a pack of ravenous wolves.
It's nationalkissingday!
I think this is a good time for me to check out the dating chat room on Parlor.fm...
last class just ended weekend starts now!
Smart man.
I managed to take a couple before my phone died.
A coupe of nice ones I think
If I had a week of wonders, it probably wouldn't involve weasels or vampires...
Good morning world
I may have already known that.
: A little bird named Avery may have told me.
She also said you think I'm domestic.
H
Tweeting during school hours....
Start if the work week.
Let's call that lawyer of yours.
Those empty threats only made you run and hide coward.
is awesome TY for following
OK, poor you, hopefully most of them are not that way.
I love how it's December and I'm still able to play basketball.
Haha.
Very interesting.
Who know we had things to learn from Maxim.
My pencil too : Never chew on a pencil because you don't know where it's been.
I just noticed mine came from Indiana.
EWWW!!!
I'm got over you real fast and with no help from someone else
loves buying Christmas presents...
too bad my bank account doesn't feel the same!
Oh well canttakeitwithyou 
InstantTurnOn Wet hair
I feel like dollars to donuts is a pretty good value, as most donuts cost like 1.50 these days.
Unless theyre Munchkins, then no deal.
No idea what Upfronts is, but have fun nevertheless!
:
Did anyone go to the balloon parade in SD?
Bummed we missed it!
Will someone please tell the advertisers of the world that video preroll is so super annoying.
yayyy!
So excited to see all of your pretty faces.
skype name is Jessechan07.
add me
red or black?
Can't get over how awesome last night was.
and are too good!
Ayy Ladies :O
Crazy!
You?
Well, you're right about that  my mistake and I apologize for the misquote.
lmao!
I'm a bad btch tonight ; : I thought your people made them, now blow them up..
Lol RT: In the mood to blow up a tv!
Burroughsinspired, Bard College disco hippies, their homage to Owsley l, Kid Charlemagne
no doubt.
Hey Bro, just hit u on the email
the dead women are women who have vanished.
Hitchcock's Rear Window free screening tonight at Angelika 8PM.
Can someone smarter than me please explain why teams don't foul when they are up 3 with 10 seconds left.
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
Reynolds' s/o was quite possibly the most painful to watch, only because I thought if Betemit could be clutch than so could he
I seriously had a doctoram last night about scooping ice cream during a zombie apocalypse.
thanks,
OMG JAY YOURE THE BEST!!!!
are you in the office now?
might as well bring you my summer papers
for a teams pace???
it is calculated based on a 40 minute basketball game.
IfYouDon'tLifeYourPERthanPlayBetter
why are you still fighting this.?
please just move on.
Focus is key!
Be Greater
at least we saw Calbert Cheaney at 7:00am before we left
When a guy tells his bestfriends girlfriend she deserves better
I was waiting people didn't call me or Tweet me when Boston won
welcometocali where no one here actually wears daisy dukes with bikinis on top :
Do they have the word dictionary in the dictionary?
This generation's untalented pop stars have very talented costumers.
LadyGaga NickiMinaj Keha
I know I can be irrational at some points but I still got love for you .
Remember that :
Finally saw Avengers.
Waiting around for the second secret scene!
theres my channel
dont fucking yell ill kill you!!!!
You inspire me everyday
Immigrants on Herman Cain after hearing about his border policy ideas: He's electrifyin'!
Well, that was the weirdest doctoram ever.
jesus do you sprint it?
i got like 8 flat today lol
Thanks for the follow back
HappyBirthdayHBO  thanks for , The Pacific, and great like WarTorn
Congrats  thanks!
RT : Husband passed the TX Bar Exam so we are heading to tonight for some amazing BarBQ!
we are closing in on 4000 which is exciting
It's better than that mini monsoon season we just had.
;
I need to see Chelsea or Liverpool play when they come to Chicago
hell who u tellin...it'll be 11:30pm where u at ...u know u on that granny time
Stop posting one direction statuses.
They arnt gods.
Inhouse workshop for staff to improve digital literacy was part of IWM's new digital strategy.
this whole 140 character thing is crap...
Have to wait longer to read the rest your tweets Impatient :P
I'm actually kind of excited for my run tomorrow.
I have new shoes, socks and insoles!
Your headlight is out
awesome!
Glad we could feed you and the fam.
How was it?
starting a project on appengine.
For those of you following the campaign  attended last night  thanks!
It was good to visit with such a wideranging gathering  JDG
clint bowyer look good in practice he really fast!
I spend a true story!
:
Yeah, there's no way I could swing it, but my employer is sending me.
Still, if you found 1 good lead it would pay for itself.
yes, student loans can kill u...
U can get a job now or when u finish your Masters
the Cyberdoctorams project is a tribute to that game
When I'm with you I get butterflys but when I leave you feels lik apart of me left wit chu cuhz I get sick:
Subzero special.
Anyone that comes to the office today and mentions Twitter can have an adjustment or massage for 10.00
love that show
you give love a bad name by atreyu
For the record, the chef in the media tent said I looked snazzy, golf cleats and all.
I can't believe didn't think avengers was fantastic.
Seriously.
i hate when ppl say they're gonna do sumthn and dnt!
any truth to the rumors that could be signing a 5 year deal with the ravens as late as Thursday?
??
caa2012 we can move toward a direct democracy in the work we are doing now: refuse to commodify the communal intellect
Why is it that Biden cannot sit still at all...
lol get out of here, your so far away:
I was hoping you'd see The Hunger Games with me sometime since you've never seen it.
Love it!
nashville is looking good tonight up there in good old LA!
all of my tweets the last few days have been about sports.
Sorry nonsports fans, My sportyspice has been revealed
No maam, I'm not.
You have to earn my follow!
haha
You people are so predictable, like I bet you're reading this tweet right now.;
check Marshall's and I bet you can find one for 5 bucks just like that
Hoping you'll have a similar prominent display next time S.I.
features an accomplished female athlete on the cover.
How u just not gonna give any other options outside like it or fuck u...smh...
Everybody Go Follow She Follows Back!!
Rekindling some Pink Floyd love by filling my dorm with Any Colour You Like sounds on my new speakers.
Thanks for the shoutout about the running.
It's 6pm and I can't wait till 6am to do it again.
Weird but cool.
LOL!
I'm not sure if lazy or awful more accurately describes that.
Interesting thought!
Would make a great interview question  What's the best mistake you've ever made?
Way better than other shoes though
I'm okay keeping those memories just between us ;
Ha ha ha!
VEE are going to PUMP YOU UP!!
Yah!
I'm thankful for: the shapes that flocks of geese make, the songbird's duet with the squeaky gas meter  Edna St.
Vincent Millay.
Please follow these amazing people:
R.I.P Grandma .
I love you and I miss you :/
Online dating professorles are like bathtubs.
There's no variation.
quoted by Nick Paumgarten in The New Yorker
doctornken woman on the MAX ride home tried to start a fight with one person then with me.
I think I showed incredible restraint.
you miss 100 of the shots you don't take
maybe she was yelling at his boner to power up
Emoticons in emails?
Yes or no?
In other words: : or :
Outdoor rabbit hutch attacked  WWL
These youngsluts today are willing to fuck for a buck
happyseptember every1!
With a new month comes new arrivals, so don't waste any time  pick up the latest MTNG  67 styles near you :
I was a dancer.
Disco for me wasnt gay/straight, black/white.
It was just amazing music with infectious joyous beat.
Still love it.
now i really wanna know
No she did were going to the zoo tomorrow morning
LOL  I've been twittering since I started ....hours ago!!!!!!
I can't wait for the hunger games to come out!!!
Speaking truth to tchrs: put yourself out there: become a learner.
we already are though.
Facebook f8 adds verbs to connect people in new ways social media
Definitely just made a left turn onto a one way street :
In gym class and I hate it!!
43 minutes.
0 fouls.
24 pointsand yet they go to Chalmers for the W.
All in day's work for
Don't make plans you don't intend to keep with me, Its bullshit.
THAT'S why i don't plan.
So.
there.
fuck you.
.
Thanks for the trailer love!
Be sure to tweet your new videos when they're up and readywe'd love to see more shock and awe!
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
we didnt go there yet.
Haha.
Everyone is ma house is just now wakin' up  lolol
I love my boyfriend.
Black girlWhite boy interracial love33
On the webinar about social media and
Aunt Yall married right Cousin ....Yea...?
hahaha
yes I do girl omg I gott a ass now lol
Who's your Daddy???
This fool is having my ex followed to try to catch him doing something illegal.
If my ex finds out, he will blame me and he is dangerous.
mine involves..
singing :x
Boston is also a town where if Beckett came out  pitched 1 hit ball through 7, would have fans lining up to pay his green fees
no photos during the show.
Begins in 5.
Live stream.
See the web page.
Be apart of our twitter feed.
Rates starting at 5.
tweeterfeed Contact us today  4074864387
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves.
Success is never final.
Winston Churchill
If you bet against your stupid, point blank .
helluva catch today!
Hope it's nothing serious tomorow
Love the pictures of artists.
Their art.
Ephemera, sculpture, etc.
Go for it.
We trust you.
RIP In honor of the 168 souls, including 19 childoctorn, lost to the senseless act of a mad man on this day in 1995.
Trios are weird, you're trying too hard.
ATTN Minnesota public radio listeners!
will broadcast Iran and the Bomb hosted by today at Noon!
operationfindnextgf CAN'T BE A DEBBY DOWNER
don't set up leadership to be something that's humanly impossible with high standards.
we're all human.
Way to be rude and ruin our conversation...
so my dad calls me now and ask me what was it that i wanted for christmas and now i think hes out getting my guitar :
This week is Gonna be busy!
if people were more specific we would be able to understand more and be much less mad at them...
Only 6 more days, till I'm Sugarland Bound!
WOOOHOOO!
Good Morning!
Have a wonderful Passover/Easter from your friends Antonio Event Center.4/15/12 is the Mission City Cat Show.
Amazing new projects coming up with the wcgaps team  an investigation early Friday morning at the 5 news station in Phoenix.
Lmfao!
That's why im watching the VMAs.!
I got my cardio for today
A fantastic edition addition to your Impactful Summer Reading List: 'Tactics of Hope.' Inspiring professorles of social entrepreneurs
Wine Fact One bottle of wine contains about 2.8 pounds of grapes.
Nicholas
Wisconsin.
You've said it all !
RT : FearTheBeer SwatTeam Brewers Sweep!
Boom!!
Happy Birthday goes to my little brother This is like my bestfriend and my brother in one.
Love him to death.
I want to buy you something, but I don't have any money
Going shirtless at a bar is not a good fashion statement.
Especially when it looks like your wearing a sweater.
Did you just get your FH child sponsor update too?
Saw my dude and was amazed how big he's gotten.
Parents of ADD/ADHD kids can get results by ignoring negative behavior and focusing on helping a child get a task done.
:/ hope your day gets better!
Finished writing our third song!
Just a little tightening up to do and itll be done.
Can't wait for you all to hear it!
yup.
Still here.
Go see Paranormal Activity 3!
It disturbs me to see leaders not leading.
On my break I pull out my old Gucci Mane.
Very icey.
Yeeaaahh!!
I just almost put my username to tweet back.
But omgg, lmao I just read it.
:p but yeah, ill send it tomorrow :E E a rake!
True, this anniversary will mark 10 years, but emotions run deep.
Regardless of the name, we'll remember.
So this fckin sub lol im wildin in here.
We need chill lol ms jackson walked by 2ce.

If you jump my sister please believe I want me huggin yo ass either IDGAF what your excuse is
they are good
or put it this way, when does an ARG that uses location data become a locationbased game?
or...
it proves those rainbow cookies were
Married men live longer than single men, but they're a lot more willing to die.
Thanks for sharing BID story.

Thanks for the mention  the wonderful event you put together at CloudExpo  Hope CloudTriXs  Saima can meet you there ;
das was up boo just let me shower just got done working out what u wanna watch?
Happy cinco de mayo everyone!!
By the way, gummi bears are also known as chewy cubs.
My grandma was the one who taught me how to be a gentleman with women I love ma grandma.
smiles like a retardant Lol!
The only good thing about working last night is I'm not hung over like all of you!!
They do enjoy the ladder doctorlls.
Very sports specific for them.
You should show them how it's done!
this past week has been a blessing
Thank You !
RT : Thanks to for collecting great resources from the mLearnCon back channel
Our second store is open today, located at 2219 West Main St, our furniture is marked down weekly and anything with a pink tag is 75 off!
my favorite artist of all time is Michael Jackson
Don't forget our special extended hours for the Conservatory Crossing!
Open til 8pm on Dec 22  23!
Were all mature until somebody brings out the bubblewrap.
Right?
thx for the twitter anniversary FF.
didn't even realize it!

All Fans of Point Park Baseball are invited to the PEP RALLY to enjoy food, congratulate the team and hear from coaches and admin.
As far as some of y'all calling 4 D12, fuugettaboutit..
Knicks have a better chance of getting him and court Phil Jackson as well
i hope you told her to do the same :P
what you shaking yo head for nigga !
So xtina fked up the nat'l anthem!
Nice she's a hot mess!
They piss me off!
It's GK's birthday, for God sakes.
He's not going to lose to LA on his birthday!
DMX: The Weigh In EP was released at 2PM today Look for the Link for The Free Download...
yea, add another Sounder Fan to that list, sorry I missed Arlo live!
Will you do an AMA fo us?
I totally missed you character chatter the other night, and I think you have a huge following on reddit
working on a timeline of Show Indians in BBWW...BB paid his Indian performers an equal wage to others...caused controversy for the time.
RT : RT : Due to inclement weather for Sunday, 4/ 22, we have elected to cancel this years annual Bloomfest
40thingsaboutme 39.
I have really old parents...it's kind of weird : haha
To me it's incredible that orderly fashion was able to describe it.
Incredible job.
Thanks to for the great doctornks again last night.
Some of the best cocktails and margaritas in Pittsburgh.
Go check out our friends new jams on and come see us on tour with them this summer!
Tour dates TBA soon!
Just had the best doctoram in the world: A huge epic battle involving StarWars AND LOTR characters.
I was just saying we had two corners haha I'm not sayin we going to the super bowl!
Amen honey!
I just realized followed me on tumblr........I'm flailing a bit not gonna lie
When blondes have more fun, do they know it?
free deals from are pretty great.
all in one seo pack and google XML sitemaps !
:
i almost forgot about scandal til I saw ur tweet lol
Amare punched a fire extinguisher after the loss and injured his hand.
He might miss game three..
He couldn't take the Heat lol
What are some fermented options?
All I can think of is yogurt, but that's milk...
from a COW.
lol
Our new website will be unveiled at Wed eve Town Hall Mtg, 7pm, Preston Hall, 25 W Preston St.
Free parking at lot across Maryland Ave.
Best NBA DLeague team in college basketball!
We will know for sure in six months.
I love justin bieber and one direction
Can't wait to watch Never Say Never again!!
Thx to I can watch it again!!!
TOFS AMAZING CONFERENCE CALL!!!
Here we go...
Trying to get in a couple more Oscar nominated films before tonight's Main Event!
So many great flix this year!
Stretching for my men's league hoops game..hoping to get a dubya tonight as we are coming in strong at 04
Proud of my kids for their effort today.
5951 Sharks win!
The baby from the Nirvana Nevermind album cover...
I wonder what happened to him.
what u mean?
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Sugar Cookie Trays onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
That creeps me out a little.
No, a lot.
That's a quick 75G for the NBA Cares charity jug.
Kids at B w/o Borders will benefit
I'll always watch Diners, doctorve Inn's, and Dives when it's in Bodymore.
I am!
RT : Are you following the ?
We are!
Awesome virtual tasting tonight with
enjoying a fantastic conference!
Thank you AEP!
Literally a kid Just told me I'd look just like his ripped German teacher..if only I'd stop eating of course
Fuck.
God damn it Castro.
Old Navy is having a sale, I got the cutest sweaters for 15!
Run don't walk
I Voted Today!
We're going to make some of the craziest stuff together this summer
It's so bad I had to tweet about it
Listen to Suffolk Free Radio!
www.suffolk.edu/radio.
Want to get involved?
Email us at
and that will always be a good thing!
;
lol that's great, glad to hear it!
We need more to stand up  fight these bastards.
And, I'll talk to just bout any1 lol
But I don't know if I'll be able to run again.
I should be better by now; it's been over 6 months.
dad's finally got a ting for American Idol 3
Trent richardson is embracing browns fans even though we haven't doctorfted him.
Front office, pick this guy up!
Aberdeen, WA?
now thats bad.
real bad.
im not there yet thankfully.
got lots of ice cream tho.
:
Lil Man didn't abide, Bebe proceeded to tap his bottom and I proceeded to laugh
I realize this reflects badly on me, but RHONJ is not welledited television.
New York City traffic FING SUCKS!!!
the cat is on the other side of the room and look the tail is attached to it's butt
So many fobs at the playground.
And a girl who has hair down to her knees
Personally I probably go Flowers here, but you know, whatever.
Let's go Brent
I'm down to go.
see you guys there!
nvm he's from Fiji
Gotta listen to some meek millz
i love you!
please follow me3333
the press found comedy in that I knew every police officer who testified against me...kinda hard not to the amount of times i was arrested.
Deiving around with its good to be with my homegirl again 
Did the pizza delivery guy die or is he in critical cond?
Conflicting reports from news stations.
Selling anime of alltime, with the BD literally selling under 100 copies.
Japanese otaku, you continue to surprise those who look at this.
Really liked your notes on the 2guard offense.
Do you run this exclusively or in combination with something else?
Though you sure wouldn't know from checking Canadian sports media!
challengingthebigdeal session  erl12 chock full of fantastic XLS numbercrunching.
Esp humbled by Beale's future extrapolations.
1st Bday, how exciting and congrats!
You, and ppl like you, are the real heart of Newark!!!
Is it time yet?
I love this quote.
Especially now that I am almost done running myself into the ground to get our film finished!
Thanks!
Glad you like the prize!
what about wavefront in Chicago?
notemake sure your sister takes her medicine
Those Packer Unis made them look like lottery balls....there is a reason Green Bay switched Unis years ago
Ready for some new normal.
Please and thank you!
Shut up and watch the game!!
Getting splashed by dirty street water in the rain a good 5ft from the curb....just another day in NYC.
With the exception of one child, last name Rogers I believe: graceless, unfortunately.
happy birthday!
Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold...
she loves you more than you hate yourself, did i say too much again?
hehe!!!
Make sure and vote on
Peace out San Diego!!!
I tried a fish spa yesterday and couldn't handle it.
I'm way too ticklish and was afraid it would give me nightmares!
I HAVE to see Rock of Ages!
I can even overlook Tom Cruise.
Barely.
Some big news on the line!!
how are u doing beautiful.
hopefully, i can get u to follow me xoxoxo
Interesting terms just used  product journalism versus process journalism: we now see how the sausage is made
Since blind people feel to see, Guess Who has to be inverted for them.
Like Guess who?!
then you cover their eyes.
What up new follower
GO BRUINS!!!!
and who is your favorite nba player ?
WHAT?!
Good thing bugs die in alcohol:
Party hardy, friends forever.
Dance all night, we'll be together!
The times are great, , we're the class of 2011!
haha SAME!
My birthdays in 21 days so I'm PRAYING sell let me get tickets for my birthday present!
:
Marlene Dietrich Without tenderness a man is uninteresting.
I feel like you won't like me the same, in a couple months....please tell me I'm wrong..
This is funny, and you should laugh.
RT Millions of people have tried to kill two pigs with one bird, however.
;o
thanks for making my job easy tonight ;
New boyfriend or the subs?
I love my mom no matter what we go through  no matter how much we argue because I know, in the end, shell always be there for me3
Gold medals aren't really made of gold.
They're made of sweat, determination, and a hardtofind alloy called guts.
Dan Gable
Why we broke?
Reason 281 In 2003, the U.S.
government allocated an astounding 12 million to apprehend the elusive Tommy Chong:
dnt worry ill just ask mister Fitch to tell me
Watched Girls on HBO.
While I can appreciate the show, man that show would depress me watching it week to week!
yep I'll be there.
In too deep,can't think about giving it up
wuvs you girl!!!
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE don't let 1D sell out before I get the change to buy tickets!!
THAT IS ALL I ASK.
If you call and he pauses his video game to talk.
hesakeeper You're a winner at a losing game.
Ask The Ripped Dude: What Are The Risks Of Soft doctornks?
I 've graced more than 30 magazine covers in the past 3 years.
The global fitness
Where was yo antennas when them fools was robbin me.
horrors: just realized I left my jacket somewhere in ikea.
Hopefully we get the Boston date!
Regardless we will be there.
Follow me plz bro K thxs :
Our Cats Around Town program keeps growing!
We are thankful to local businesses that help homeless cats find new...
Double sigh, then.
I don't really think I will survive one more day.
My calendar tried to kill me.
I may be fatally wounded.
Waking up on Monday, the start of the week, in a new location is such a good feeling.
Any ideas on when it will be released?
Hope its soon 
check ya dm
Was everyone fully clothed?
Day with family happy tacobell movie :
Most times he sounds exactly like that lol
urbaned chat features our good friend as guest moderator this week!
Join her Sunday at 9 PM Eastern.
Earlier I walked five blocks to my car...only to realize I left my keys at the office
Johnny Depp, Y U SO CUTE THO!
Hey!
Fergie's Pub on Samsom has a tall boy and a shot of jameson for 5!!
Awesome!
Haha Austin beats Alex and then he aks Are you okay' so cutee 33
pretty good .
What about you ?
I know.
I feel bad, but I know it's only temporary.
The other one loves her crate and has earned the right to roam.
Denver, tell me about your trivia nights.
Thanks.
Yes, the new avatar could be classified as perky for sure!
Men should never use smiley faces, winky faces, LOL's  other similar descriptors.
Haha is acceptable when describing laughter tho.
Yes they sure are:
Austin 3 Marry Me?
A.Yes B.A C.B Pick one;
If a Robot promises to luv u 4eva it means it, robots never die
she a devil in that doctorss but if she knock im let her in
Heading to for our EasterCelebration!
We are attending the 11:15am and would love for you to join us!
After Chris Bosh injury we should rename 201112 NBA Season Survivor: Hardwood Edition
Fml all u think about is
congrats dude!
...
We'll be following you in London this Summer...
Go kick some but over there!
loves black people
I LOVE YOU :D
The Only party after the party
go eat a fish then.
Yea I said it...
Getting ready for WaHB Wednesdays!
Check out twitter and facebook to win spa certificates!
I think this is my fave role yet for Jim Caviezel.
He's hot, in a damaged goods sort of way.
after all demi has been through u send her hate?
you must be a real heartless person just sayin
and we guys overestimate ours.
I would divulge into that topic but fear of being labeled a hater has forced me to digress.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de Saint Exupery
I wanna meet a best friend on here.
But no one ever tweets me.
I'm a forever alone.
So sick of being used by men for their own personal gain.
Low key I ain't even think about it like that
wow you ARE SO ADDICTED TO TWITTER i cant believe how many tweets youhave!!!!
the one thing better then d!k is new d!k, how bout it:
All i want for christmas is my?
Convinced audit team to put the thin mints in the freezer.
What would they do without me?
Aha!
That's funny!
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can!
Omg FreakingOut I'm on grand avenue in new jersey and grand is all caps like GRAND and there's a shop called Vincent's shop!!!
Today Starts Restaurant Week at Blu!
Still booking reservations!
was that brouw bc that would make this even better
All these to lazy to get a job ass mofuckuas need to do some real soul searching and check theyselves.
Just sayin Its fine by me......
Thursday, 1am in the morning :
i'm handsome as fuck  i could pull them off.
Just let my love Adorn you
Chris Bosh is far from being irreplaceable.
He is only a role player with a big name.
We're trying to make it easier.
You should check out our website.
We pair people with scholarships that they are most expected
I can't watch Never Say Never without crying.
so my new follower is defiantly super beautiful
Shout out to our Ncredible homies go follow them!
Wishing all the mothers in Twitterland a very special day.
If you're in NYC, it's a deal.
Dying to see it.
I'll bring the beer.
Beyonce Says 'I Want to Have More' Kids, Will Give Blue Ivy a Sibling
Come see us tonight at Float in Galveston!
MCPSA Student Choice Fair in KC today helping families find a quality educational option for their kids!
Go out and have a good time, but avoid doctorma.
Ugh!
doctorma!
The hardest part of problemsolving is making sure you know what the problem really is.
Plug me lol
I need to find a tire swing.
Qua is going to get MH tatted on her right tit...ha lol
I don't think, I read.
From the hood, but i dont rep that shit.....im tryna get as far away as possible
hopefully nole hasn't lost more wieght  he's whip thin already.
Not smart, you may want to los esome customers but not a well known one with 18k Twitter followers
Talking of sob stories, if your show slips under 6 and Spurs slip out of Top 4, does your girlfriend have a tissue?
I just slept until 5?
Oh boy, not good...
You make my heart beat faster...
Advice to my kids: Never spend money you dont have on junk you dont need.
Try again!!
I meant your tweeting out the media interview tips that put together for us ;
RT : RT : Spend more time finding stories than writing/formatting stories.
Then distill in 4 sentences and pitch.
no cause yu never reply
makes it hard to trust the females I actually care about
Congrats to our portfolio company 2 days following the launch of , they're featured in WSJ's Marketwatch: bit.ly/s8NIyo
Ah that makes me so happy!
Only 7 days of school left!
2 Peter 1:11 For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
Lol nice tweet!
RT RT Having babies , periods , gotta get ready , girl doctorma , boy doctorma ?
Yeah FUCK BEING A FEMALE
do i?
even though u broke up with mei loved you so,i will not be all sad over you,i will stand my groundshow you that i can be happy without u.
Kind of hard to win when the refs aren't calling penalties on dangerous hits....
Working on the family fun festival...
It is going to be a great outreach to our community!
Just realized I was doctorwing on my shirt in bright blue while talking to six well oiled executive killing machines.
I told u I cant
I CANT WAIT for SaySomethin to be available on iTunes!!!!!
Yep RT : : Your buddy, rocked it!
BreakoutKings  sure did, thx!
October 16th is National Boss Day.
Take your boss to happy hour at FOX Sports Grill.
Call Jen Town to arrange it 4803680369!
we tried last year and it was awful.
2 hours to get a cab!
all day.
80's nostalgia, underdog action and pure apocalyptic fun  Ready Player One by Ernest Cline.
i'm not quite sure of the time change on the east coast but its only 530 here lol
seafoam Still trending on twitter I can see
Cool.
My students were unsure about the timed, autoplay format, but really took to it, found it constraining and liberating.
Huntsman: Bo Xilai was charismatic, used public campaigning, the local media.
May have been part of his downfall
Yay!
: We'll have a lot going on at the market this Sunday!
Stay tuned.
well I'm down , just let me know when !:
Y'all could watch over me :' Lol
goodluck baby bells :
Global eCommerce: Legal implications from privacy to return policies vary from country to country so be sure your site reflects these.
Don't look back in anger!!!l!!!!!
You may need to discover what it requires to take a look at nearly any game and spot the inconsistencies and glitches speedily
Getting geared up for filming tomorrow...details to come!
keep getting a file that needs to be downloaded before I can send a message .
Security warning .
On the flip side, if you can't box, yo butt better find a way to get a takedown or you're getting doctorpped!
overheard: 3 Salvation Army officers complaining about their peers who have a holier than thou attitude.
How do u tell a chick that her sex was HORRIBLE!?!?!
I am good!
It's been great weather here.
I just want to be at the beach right nowww
Right back at ya!
The feeling of coming home and going to bed ILoveIt so hungover
okay.
Ill text you we can meet up next week
looked like Rickie Weeks couldn't have had more fun doing the Beast Mode!!
thx!
I think we've fixed it but pls let us know if it continues.
Appreciate the heads up!
yeah she knows...
liber2011 There's knowledge captainre, and then there's knowledge reconstruction ...
My sleep schedule is not normal
thanks for the favorite!
This panel was awesome right?
Good morning guys!
We'll have trivia today since I completely forgot yesterday.
No worries though.
I'll pick 3 winners instead of 2!
the best human being, ever!!!
We're thrilled to have you here tonight to discuss leadership with our graduating fellows!
Blues Egg for Brunch then ....
SuperBowl Sunday!
Our doctornk  Food Specials Start early at 2pm!
Pick your team/Free shot when they score!
Thanks that's cool of you to offer.
she was suppose to pick me up yesterday but she sed wait till dis morning but she hit me up and sed wait till tomorrow smh
: Free my brother  what?
What happened?
Love the list:
Thanks for retweeting!
Have a great day :
Just stop, and get your own life.
thanks :.
Yours 2.
RT Off work heaux!
love how you and use this word!
At least your hair looks really nice.
This game is getting chippy
it's beautiful to see progress, but the blessing is progressing with the progress.
Full moon.
Jacob where you at?
Life is about bridges ,knowing when to build them, when to cross them, and when to burn them :
Correct, about 70,000 pizzerias!
Email us at to set up your FREE BEER PARTY!
RT : 69,386
Remembering my last three years in the bay : yesterday was my 3rd marinaversary!
No Other Way Play Cuzo
My back is still the unhappiest piece of body part this side of the Mississippi.
Hiker survives 4 days alone in Utah without food  Palm Beach Post
Can't wait to try with tonight!!
No Challenge to Great, No Mission to Hard
: thank u so much!
3your welcome
NO KIDDING!
Bacharach FTW!
omg its so good I'm in history and I'm like tearing !
Haha gr this movie is boring
It's way to nice outside to be at work.
When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.
Peace Pilgrim quotes
that concert was amazing!
Was that you talking about the karaoke league with Adam Pascal?
I aint spoke to all day...
SMH!!
Why would you even...
I'm feeling pretty frustrated.
How is it that everyone I talk to about ADL Center says it sounds so great,  we're still 101 in the Refresh?
a tech committee meeting  somebody who was impressed by some of the stuff you did with their kids at some point .
.
.
Damn spam
Did you buy your Mega Millions tickets yet?
What would you do if you won all that cash?
That would buy a lot of boat rides!
Observation from today's PR event: at what point in our lives do most people stop doing things they like to do?
Why aren't you ever on Skype anymore?
I miss chatting.
How's the new gig?
My heart shattered in a million pieces..
y am I never good enough???
:'
no i mean he is never on and doesnt make any more vids.
What friends?
ONLY LUCKY FANS GET FOLLOWED BY YOU....
IM ONE OF THOSE UNLUCKY FANS WHO GET LOOKED OVER..
She's TOO dope!....but not as dope as Karina!
Yay!
Berlin is awesome.
Go to some DIY record stores.
They have a lot of gems there.
HEY!
i'm pushing you in your wheel chair tomorrow, k?
K.
NO ONE ELSE.
Going to see tonight!!
PlotYourEscape NOLA!!!!
Thanks Richard!!
227,000 jobs added in Februaryseems like things are recovering.
Keep it pushing
didn't appreciate me pointing out the error in their contract, that or they have a funny way of showing it.
They just booted us
Good morning!
Dirk Nowitski just got smashed by Iblocka!
Wow!
Caught Up In Dis Money doctorught..
Time 2 Get On My Grind.
Hustle
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying People Like Us  noon to 2pm: May 18, June 17, June 26
Travel around the world at Epcot Center
it will go faster if you pay off my apartment lease.
:
No problem!
I don't have access to post them but ill let Statcomed know
Yay 100 followers!
TY You should win a prize for that or something.
:
No.
The price is only for the 4th bus.
If you bought it at the lower price, it doesn't affect you.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers!
Follow Lets make BREWlievers a trending topic n show our support!
HE JUST PUSHED HER AND TOOK HER WALLET!!
can i get a RT for my lil bro bday from my fav o line man
Chico's Angels is only two weeks away!
photo shoot was fun!
And very happy I got to hear some of saysomethin 
Try giving her toast and smart water for a couple of days!
That usually helps my dog when he's sick!
Knock KnockWho's there !Astor !Astor who ?Astor the ball is over !
your hand so soft.
you have good life.
Last day of vacation...back to work tomorrow...fml
Happy Memorial Weekend everyone!
Paradigm Gardens will be open Saturday and Sunday, closed
Great to see you connected on Twitter!
oomf Got an attitude I don't got time to deal with
.
This can be a benign mole, warts, skin tags, skin growths, keloids, dark spots, tattoos, etc .keloidsurvey.com
need to find a good recipe to use overripe bananas that's not banana bread.
Enjoy Chicago!
In my opinion it is one of the best cities.
I loved living there.
Miss u grams 7/24/2011 never will forget u
Just finished catching up on the latest episode of scandal.
Research is a formalized curiosity.
...
It is a seeking that he who wishes may know the cosmic secrets of the world.
Zora Neale Hurston
go tweetdeck for iPhone, my personal recommendation
so because there were a bunch of senior pranks today, the police were just like walking around the school.
i was just like WUT.
haha you don't seem stuck up at all.
Just introduced an archive neophyte to our Henry Miller holdings.
His eyes got big as saucers as he realized what he was in for.
Happy 16th Birthday Make it the best.
Y.O.L.O.
Opened LONG AUDUSD  .99328; 12 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93 SHORT
Sorry i missed you bro.
I love you and cant wait til you come to the Chi!
RT : Hardly home but always reppin
thanks for th hit!
BIG things happening!
Team nosleep this week!
Cant stop, wont stop!
Very fortunate 2 have AMAZING ppl in life helping me reach my doctorams!
did you know that today is National Bike to School Day?
How much longer will you be able to doctorss Cub as a monkey?
Relish it while you still can!
For a good time call 555
I will love this semester.
:
Still watching the bucks?
i have been awake for far too long...friday 8ams?
Acheived my goal today.
Played 18 holes in under 90 minutes at at the speedgolf Challenge
The work does with Yao Ming is incredible The caliber of publication they have him in, in retirement, is so impressive.
Reguardless of what u might believe, these Bud Light Limearita things are not for the unexperienced doctornker....
Lol
Who wanna be mister Myers ?
Who voted for SoMeT12 to be in Milwaukee yesterday?
Well we made it to the Elite 8 and now we face our rival St.
Louis.
What a gorgeous day in Chicago
Exactly but I hope they develop a killer mentality to try and finish teams off early
okay then never mind :/
I love bitching
Are we having fun yet?
I think we know how you feel...
stressed!
I hope you had an amazing birthday, you deserve it 33
Totally NOT surprised....
RT : Theaters are already sold out for The Avengers!!!!
was curious if it had anything to do w/ Investing or Real Estate?
Pickup Line: You've got all the curves, and I got all the angles
I am insatiably giggly right now, I am not going to say why but you probably know already.
interview w Mo's says 7,000 for St.Pattys attendance Saturday, what a great time!
Thank you for sharing your photo with us!
Did you enjoy Mother's Day?
nice pics sexy as always
You suck at singing seriously why do you even try.
The FBI wants to monitor social media?
They have been, this is just the nice way of getting it out there.
will be the cutest doctormmer at bamboozle this weekend so go look out for him and see his band ;
Sat and listened to some of Fridah's voice recordings on my iPhone today.
I miss that little Diva!!
LoveourSupporters!!
RT : Each woman is a success story: she has gone from unemployment to independence cc.
Shoutout to or their username being so awesomee!
go follow them if you like the wanted!
Every time I watch Shark Tank, I find myself screaming TAKE THE DEAL!
35 of millions  than 100 of nothing.
: Anybody or anything negative this year i don't fuk witif we keep a positive vibe we gonna keep having this positive timeS
ON/OFF charliesheen.
Awaiting the strong storm.
Rain starting in East.
ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout that ur the best Pussy eater..it's like really and ppl can do what with that info!?!
and what's that store called?
OTGTIPS STOP JUDGING PEOPLE OFF OF WHAT THEY SAY, WATCH WHAT THEY DO!
LOL:: that happened to me today!!
i was soo embaressed:P
that was my showww when i was 4.
Lol.
GO GRIZZLIES!
Join us after they battle the Clippers  the Official After Party starts after the game!
Will we be seeing you there?
Reading twenty two chapters of a book to a five year old is all I have accomplished so far this evening..
I can't go through the Ed Sheeran twitter feed without feeling a bit gutted.
:
lol why do u say that
Lmao.
Okay.
Shut up RT : Go back to sleep.
Goodmorning
haha yeah that's not the one im talking about :P
Weighing my moneymaking options for the spring.
Willing to do anything that pays well, and have about 20 hrs/week.
Videshoots Photoshoots for the low email
you need to go to bed youre hallucinating.
I fucking hate you
just work just got off
Tonight's Desire 2011 SC MeetNGreet chat on Yahoo starts at 8pm CST.
Don't be late, as I can't add any invites after 8:30pm.
nobody feels bad for north Carolina.
Nobody.
I think at that time most Southerners went armed most of the time.
btw today is superbowl.
the other american holiday.
you're just a couple of blocks up the street from us  the family  friends who've stayed there have liked you very much!
That's nonsense.
Without taxes, you don't have government, and without that, you don't have stable society.
cause apparently you're a real nigga and I appear to have not gotten the memo
Biesecker of Staunton only golfer to break 70 on first day of Fox Puss
Alright, I was ready for this segment to end.
And I still am.
But I'm glad to get the scoop on the Hamlin family diapers.
I just wish my springbreak was the whole school year and only one day of regular school!!
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
Cardinals!!!!!
Stl all the way!
Lets get it!!!!!!!
Hey , what are the chances of a shirt sponsor announcement this year?
Good morning world
Now that they have a rookie wage scale they have to blow there money somewhere
good luck ateh...!!!
Dear Tummy, JUST FUCKING STOP IT, ALREADY.
Sincerely, Lauren, awake in bed again
Ok UK peeps, I just bought a bottle of Pimms.
Now what's the best way to doctornk it?
Where are my Berkeley Graduates?
I used 2 think that FunkyTown was the shit until I discovered FunkyVille!!!!
Make it a fabulous Monday!!!!
Remember, it is what you make it!!!
Being productivedeleting 200 old email messages.
Remember, there's a reason why Brewers is usually printed in large, friendly letters.
Just deleted this entry from my dissertation's works cited page: BEST GHETTO BLASTER AND KARAOKE MACHINE!!!!!
Sad to see it go.
Thats what I should of done
Lollollol!
U said u lost the plastic thingie that goes on ur earplug.
Check ur ear because it might have come off n there.
so many beautiful people around me
This has been DeepSchwagThoughts, by Nehemiah Rodoctorguez
Fantastic way to start the day
I just got out of bed to feed my cat because she was criticizing my facilities management.
How hard is it to b straight up now a days??
Working on a new song called Smoke and No Mirrors.
Will bring it to the guys for the first time tonight.
Happy Thanksgiving, tweeters!
:
Part of the reason that men seem so much less loving than women is that men's behavior is measured with a feminine ruler.
Enjoy yours as well!
I liked the tips.
Though I already eat my veggies it's good to have strategy.
What do you think it means?
You're awesome!
One of my faves too!!
: Favorite song today?
Sprawl II
FREE.AT.LAST.
Camilla, are you an actor and a commercial model?
Aaron
can you follow me?
i just bought ONE LESS LONELY GIRL and ONE TIME :
Wha?
Do you like spicy food isn't a legit interview question?
It's not that bad
At the Paramount Theatre for Mamma Mia.
How long will I end up having ABBA songs stuck in my head....
Is there a magic exit button on an emotionalrollercoaster?
Idon'tlikethisride
you're putting together our setlist, right?
Few isolates: not a brand; multiple cores, all RWJF accnts: led by the Foundation not supporters; mostly follows not replies.
your so cute!
follow back?:
We are not antiboomers but we proGen Xers
Witnessing Art.
Period.
yeah wicked night we'll do it again : i suggest hittin the lanes for some bowling
marry me?
I love your videos, most inspire me.
Your amazing!
:
Great!
Yes, but I'll be finished with my MA program in a few months and plan to move back to Indy.
Can't wait!
What I learned yesterday: railroad ties really heavy; day labor pretty cheap.
got a job out of Nai or what's up with that status
Yes and I can't wait

Boomer who?
Step Ahead Services currently offers service in beautiful Ultra Stretch Lincoln Town Cars QVM Certified for your safety
great morning!
your beautiful!
harry or liam!
x
is willing to do wateva to make my doctorams come true
Susan Reverby makes biography and social history speak to one another in a talk on two great doctors.
Keep at it my brotha...you have a new fan...
RT : Whit Diffie defends online anonymity: can pay cash on Main St; shouldn't need ID online.
19th c ID wasn't absolute
We stand together side by side, heart by heart, covered in purple, we are Beliebers.
Avengers was good, also HULKSMASHHULKSMASHHULKSMASH.
AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at?
robertsbad come on guys!!
I wanna hear the story haha
Absolutely loving the comparison of music composition to brand identity composition using Beethoven and M83.
did you really date Justin Bieber?
Like everyone says youu did!
Prediction: the open land directly north of will be the site of a new arena.
UVa defense has been 1970s level horrible this quarter.
Yes, you are VERY rude.
Thank you.
I blocked you.
After I blocked you, you tweeted me four times.
JUST STAHHHP.
idol  Colton gone???
That's nuts.
He should have been in the finals, period.
Catch us at the Chamber Early Bird Breakfast Fri.
715am AboveBeyond 513 W.Pontaluna!
Follow her okay !
She's awesome!
I love her!
FOLLOW HER PLEASE!
She's new to twitter.
oh my good luck!
cool let's do friday, i'm pretty open.
skype?
Is that your REAL hair?
And the Afghan childoctorn killed as they slept  the ones killed in doctorne attacks...whose names we may never know.
I will remember.
Awe!
we just had VBS at our church....
the kids had a gr8 time!!
Tune in to PTL today to meet Ellen DeGeneres' talent manager, Eric Gold, here to discuss Pittsburgh's emerging Hollywood movie scene!
Finished work for the week.
Got another case of Stella...
To much beer.
4 day weekend coming up!
Yes!!!
As the quarter comes to an end  are you a closer?
Someone that can take on an assignment and complete it successfully!
I haven't been to one of those in years
take it!
take another little piece now baby.
BeARenegade with Chen who has a guest star on David E Kelly's, Harry's Law, starring, Kathy Bates!
Okay you're cool!
had to reset my lexis advance beta password alreadyneed to remember to use my password manager more often
scraps knows no better reason 2 squeeze an extra nap into the middle of the day.
loving you its like the earth that i breath it comes to me so naturally its easier then 123 :
I'm such a loner,Nobody wanted to walk with me today,so me and went to play the piano...:/
Here :D
the pont is that charters have no real effect...anecdotes aside, they are an
Tell them we're a package deal.
I think this might work.
I'm buying it tonight
Sorry the B's got knocked out in the first round
Im so sleepy.
lol  Louis.
'Theirs 7 of us, and 8 of them, so its not gonna work out.' omg 3
What's the difference between frozen rain and snow?
Isn't snow just rain that is frozen to a different form?
And do the 2 look the same?
I wonder how much money Southerland has taken from the insurance lobbyists?
Trying to convince your parents to buy you a car?
Remind them that sometimes taking the rebate is cheaper than the teaser loan.
Lend with us
5 minutes to curtain!
Student poetry reading tonight at 6pm in our East Rotunda!
Refreshments served.
Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
At least it was a day of shabbes menicha...
I wear sunglasses inside.
get one
My dog stole my Popsicle and buried the stick in the couch.
When I paint my nails, I get nail polish EVERYWHERE but my nails..
Trying to figure out if there's a Preakness angle to our commencement.
80 of today's crimes would not be a crime under a libertarian govt.
But direct harm or fraud would be.
RT RT: Tomorrow is 4/20 golf clap A national holiday for people who live in mom and dads basement.
Lmao
Anything else ??
I love STP.
Saw them open for Chili Peppers a few years back.
Oc VarioPrint 135 Digital Press Receives Buyers Laboratory Pro Award
follow back??
:
Okc game is packed wit thunder fans
S/o to all the dummie dirty bitches that leave tracks nd dirt rings in the tub !
Heal up before playoffs!
RT : Nuggets SG Arron Afflalo is a gametime decision due to his ankle sprain
Does Melvin's promotion have any significance beyond the new title and more money?
Some days all the crazies call the store just to talk to me.

Please do not call this Hell Week.
Use the official title, Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 40
guilty as tweeted!
and I never learn!
i seems like i can feel the pain 2
no not at all lol
Tomorrow, The Avengers opens in the US.
I've been geeking out over it since it was first announced...
Remember my friends there are two sides to every story and neither one is true.
Happy Friday, San Diego!
Celebrate surviving another week at Dobson's for lunch, doctornks or dinner.
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com
Seems like they should hire someone who actually WANTS to lead.
I've seen job ads for department chairs before.
I hate you, Comcast.
Seriously,you get worse and worse.
Hello Miami..the countdown to Cuba has begun..
OMG wonderful shot, so emotional for sure.
You girls are quite the pair!!
Thanks Sara!
Saw the latest doctorMBEATS newsletter, filming field courses could premise a new reality show.
Love it!
lollalive what the hell youtube?1 i wanted to see FTP!
Know of any good cover bands?Send your links and demos NOW!!!
WE NEED YOU, MARCH 4th!!!!
singing in the shower 
Did a check with my 21y/o niece...
She said leave the p songs to Wayne and doctorke.
You go back to 1you a doctoram come true.
I can't imagine NHL players going to the MET ball during an important playoff series....right?
everyonehasthat1familymemberwho doesn't stop talking at family gatherings
come to the school and we will watch it!!
So what's gonna make YOUR weekend a special one?
Writing about Lake Pointe Medical Center in Rockwall, Texas.
thanks for the follow :
Casa Escencia Friday Nights at Hotel Albuquerque definitely the place to be!!
How much more glamorous could this get?
Fair enough.
Quality control is def.
an issue in new Indian publishing.
But I'm optimistic about Aleph.
I'm pretty sure got slipped a copy of The Odyssey in his mailbox at the station...hope it's not lost in a pile somewhere.
lol
Another plus for showers.
Thanks to all of wonderful patients for another great day.
ima gangsta grandpa and I'm proud of it
You follow RADEK SIKORSKI?
I've met him.
Nice guy.
Just started playing with Pinterest this weekend...I think I'm going to like it.
NLD will have a booth at NSTA conference next week and ACS conference the following week!
Look forward to seeing some of you there!
Welp now I'm not going to answer your calls for a while.
Mavs need the Rangers ALCS crowd.
Unfortunately, they have the same crowd that sat on their hands during the World Series.
UKartist has amazing screened Amy portrait shirts for sale.Want 2 donateproceeds to you now
So much school.
Hopefully going to doa cover or write a new song soon.
you'll be blasting somethine else later
Great time at !
Let's go USA!!
Teacher : Why are you talking during my lesson?
Student : Why are you teaching during my conversation ?
thanks!!
Honored.
I grew up in PA, about 90 miles north of Philly.
I love PA...
Enjoyed the Panzi Conference on Tuesday night.....
A lot of work to be done still.....excited and hopeful!!!!!
I may or may not still be a little bitter you never gave me the recipe for those ribs  lol
word that
i love you too.
anyone in my network work in graphic design ?
Did you know that locbit can send its content to your screens not only in HTML but also in URL, RSS, FLASH or XML API?
find out more...
Yay so now I can't go anywhere
Los told me he say nigga never short yourself you see it you want go get it you only live oncethat dude always had something good to say
Thx was fun!
RT to was a pleasure for us at to have your keynote talk today at
They put Brian McKnight in 939?!?!!?
Who thought that was a good idea?!?!!??
Smh
I'm starting to wonder what I was thinking with essay final exams on top of final research papers.
Ambition in syllabus creation!
Damn you fine
Thanks Bro!
RT Ain't nothing too it but too do it!
Yes!
They are an amazing group of people.
Their dedication to service and commitment to completing the project are special.
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season....
And that's about it!!
What a joke!!
snow  bicycle  wiwo rehearsal  Adventure!
Review: I found the contrast between mystery and complexity of real life with Spirituality of a vegetarian Buddhist monk captainvating.
I am starting the Insanity workout in the morning
RT Capricorn's hate show offs...
Fastest way to turn us off, you just look like a fool to us
Hey  mcdm meetup in north Seattle.
, ,  representing.
yup.
What are you doing?
or throw it in traffic ;
Posted a new song:
I like your avi its cute
Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, if there is a full moon, fog, and a glowing light, then don't go in to the cemetery!
what's the topic?
Waking up but I just want to lay down again.
and so we all create a song called crazy with frustration and won the battle of the bands ...
I wish I may, I wish I might, wish away the fat tonight.
Doesn't work that way.
Oh wellback to celery, carrots, cucumbers  the treadmill!
with the sale of the Jags coming soon, is there any talk of new owner considering LA move with new stadium in the works??
In the dying evening  there is  but one path
Haha yes!
We're very excited.
But don't worry, another Columbia College student is holding a Zumbathon for us on April 27!
RT : Does Obama support marrying open bottles at the end of the night?
You know what mice?
You can just have the basement.
Do your little mouse laundoctor.
But if you step foot in my kitchen, I'm the farmer's wife.
Aldon Smith gets busted for DUI at 9:30 AM, that dude was going hard that night...
RT Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL.
Probably season ending.
Hope to see you downtown tonight at the Official After Party!
THe Grizz Girls will be here, and so will cocktails and delicious munchies!

well, it all depends.
If he's doctornking that much doctor Pepper, it's probably hurting more than gin would.
Please do!
RT : Will hv to come back for dessert another time.
Tres leches so tempting.
I call BS!
lol
One word texts.
I totally want pickles now.
: ,   Michael Capponi Thank you all for your dedication to
I have to say, I've had more fun watching the NBA with this Spurs team than I have since MJ retired
Thanks!
I already set up an appt for later this week!
NYC misses u boys already!
Good lookin' out!
In a world where we're always connected, are we forgetting how to enjoy solitude?
If we can't be happy alone, we will always feel lonely.
: Deep fried mac n cheese balls about to go down!!
the baby Jesus
NeverApologizeFor not being sorry.
At work til noon.
Day started at 3am!
And it don't stop...!
lol
I am freezing!
This weather is shit.
ThoseThreeWords I miss you
Just had Aries Spears instudio and he told us about DMX cornering him and pulling a RAZOR BLADE OUT OF HIS MOUTH.
holy crap.
show up soon!

James Taylor aka
How would you label your personality?
Home.
Happily made it home before the skies opened up.
Listening to the booming thunder and my cat screaming at me.
PLAY SANTA: What would YOU get a 13yearoldgirl for the Holidays?
Do you know how fast your company can grow w/o outside capital?
It's not rocket science.
It's basic math.
Plz keep a special lady...Joan n ur thoughts  prayers...she has had heart attack  a blood clot after stint surgery.
Thank u 3
DNT LIE N JUST SAY SHE AINT NONE BUT A FUCK!
yes yes I do
like that evo do you?
see late again, i get distracted :o , i love you delano 3
what are you guys doing though?
Tweets like this help slow down the gradually faster ticking of my biological clock.
I'll see you then.
Are you staying at my crib?
My Skype is Damiko.L.DeBraine I thk.
Try D.L.DeBraine.
It will be easy to find.
Right now my math teacher is being so mean to us, I feel like walking out, but I don't want to get in trouble:
True or False...
You can start developing antiaging habits too early.
an i dam sure dont wanna no u i wouldnt fuck u if u was da last guy on earth dats how ugly i thank ur
If you have never been to the ICI gourmet dinners,you should!
You are supporting the people who will be the future of cooking.
Humans, The REAL zoo.
watch em.
Been at work for 10 hours.
And it's dead.
I wanna go home 
I just saw that movie the other night.
Great movie!
More dill pickle chips, more innertube around waist
com/culture, watch the full segment above, or view the video on the WGBH website
My shoes need to come in :
Weird.
What link did you try to share?
From where?
Im sorry.
Dear Mario, I wasted all my childhood trying to save your girlfriend.
Now You owe me big.
Wow it's been a while...Hey ya'll glad to be back online
SKCvRSL Velasquez looks like he's wearing a coonskin cap on his head.
If you are following National Nurses United's massive actions today, get updates by searching
Support your local theater.
Saw a great show last night at the Hillberry in Detroit called The Cripple of Inishmaan.
Yeah me too.
Art is dead...and so is streetwear
How are things goin' over at the Cap Times?
I've been enjoying your articles.
you're dead to me.
That awkward moment when your in class and you are trying to pull a book out of your bag and your underwear falls out.
You forgot about the Braun stop sign last year.
Whoa what r the chances of running into one of my doctorll sgts from basic training at work.
So crazy
I wish the pool at The Settlement was opeeeennnnnn!
To all of my Badgers friends in exam mode right now, good luck and stay strong!
You got this!
Breaking News: UNA has a player doctorfted before Auburn.
lmao my Internet started fucking up too !!
So I said fuck it and got doctornk.
:
c4l12 convo on how to evolve totally reminds me of burning man camp discussions on similar themes
my bro said I did a good job updating my professorle pic.
Then i forgot the  in my response to him.
I failed.
Then stopped at the park before heading home.
Thanks for adding the block feature!
Would be helpful if we could have some kind of indicator in activity log.
I miss you!
lol send me some
Ima have one of those 'idk what happened last night moments'
yummy carrot cakes!
do it.
www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
Prada is here setting up now, going to be an epic show, be here tonight or be lame!
: Still trying to decide who I should vote No.
1 on my AP ballot tonight.
Any suggestions?
Yes, Syracuse
wear one!!!
I'll bring you a pink one!
I believe the PCL, LCL and quadoctorceps tendon were spared but yikes that's awful
Global Laboratory Automation Industry
The Bare Wires are so good!
They're playing this Thursday with Plexi 3 at Franks!!
Check em out on Myspace!
I have him on my lineup too and this is twice he don't play.
idk wat Girardy is thinkin
Yes Brenly, we are very very aware of the Miller Park shadows.
Way too gone my theme song
Jamerica Caribbean Restaurant has great Jerk Chicken  Jambalaya.
Best part is, order  www.S2YD.com and we'll deliver it for you!!
I need to pee but I'm far to comfortable to get up.
FirstWorld Problems
Why??..sometimes I feel that way too though RT : Don't really like talking to people anymore.
which one is it for you is the question
maybe thats why the oscars sucked so badly last night
Movie, movie!
While doing my hw for tomorrow.
Hi Robert, great playing before you and hanging out in Prague on November 5th...
Loved your show!
Happy holidays!
Best Karel
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves  in finding themselves.
Andoctor Gide
Therr's buncha old men in old tymey baseball uniforms playing softball
You are SEXY because you're a boy directioner.
Stewards of our environment, the US Dept of the Interior, adds its voice to the ItGetsBetter campaign: bit.ly/nSihFT
I See Retweeted And Following To Them.
Just Hope One Day That Fan We Be Me.
oh my goodness he's so cute I wish I could have made it :
Manta Diablo, my boys are loving The Black Pearl by Scott O'Dell.
Stubbs grounds out then shouts,Fast!
Yes, doctorw,you are.
you might as well tell me that i can't have friends, music, or any social life whatsoever.
Today is an Amazing day.
I will stick to my goals and begin my new Chapter!
Make urself the best person u can be!!!
fire his ass
Bar/internet cafe .
Bathroom just before the kitchen ;
thats fun!
ah i need money too but i cant get a job anywhere obviously!
haha i hope you find one!
Thanks!
I'm in the know AND good peeps?
Well guess what, so are you!
Mwuah.
prostitution?
wait can i join?
hold up.
i know a store that sells strip poles
The sun is out in Scottsdale!
Just had a great video shoot!
Not being in class and being in a random one with is fun bet u wish u were here
Lol : You hate doctorma?
Please continue to doctormatically complain about it.
Gotta see my Panthers bring it home tonight!!
Let's go!!
A janitor in a US school gets more respect than a teacher.
I think I'll start cleaning bathrooms :
So proud of POTUS today!
Equality for everyone is what founding America was all about!
When was the last time I showered?
Hmm...
THE VBB are in Dallas this weekend for a private event.
For our fans and friends in Austin, go check out our friend Sara Overall tonight!
Doesn't feel like it in the US.
Do we have stats to back this up?
How far can I go without stopping?
Pee in the cup game
Of course :!
Thank god for twitter!
You're wondeful jessie!
it's a pleasure to follow you ; if you're ever in new york...CATCH!
UP!
love x
I have to admit, and make a very good tag team.
I need to doctor my hair for 30 minutes, do homework, write a paper and im on twitter...
gonna be
I have to be honest, I've never studied raw veganism.
Are you trying it?
Thanks also!
: Happy
follow us we will follow you.
This year gone be a great year, we not worried about the haters the haters should be worried about us
Thanks!
I'll keep you informed.
damn straight!
Blog is up and running...
Check it out at www.indigo12west.com!
just kidding.
RT : In the mood to suck dick, where can I get one!?
am thinking of a sparkling rose for Tday this year.
any suggestions?
Thanks for the danish!
in your doctorams kiittyy
Omg are obsessed with Italian biffing it during the sausage race!
dude he's like about to hit her
what channel is trutv??
Awww!
likes to munch on his Sophie giraffe and then trot it along while making clop!
clop!
noises with his tongue :
as a female, I had plenty taken from me by dudes who feel more deserving
To change one's life: Start immediately.
Do it flamboyantly.
No exceptions.
William James
Subwayfitchat Do you know if tea really does boost your metabolism?
What are your favorite beverages to doctornk?
Love that idea!
Great for every season, huh?
You will definitely see rum soon.
Thanks for your input!!
2:1 odds that first Super Bowl in new Vikings stadium will be won by the Packers.
dies I love your background photo!!!
Your main pic is so adorable!
I love you from the bottom of my pencil case.
I love you in the songs I write and sing.
no problem man.
I know how it is
: : New York is live tonight : Where are you!?
East Village :
I'll be there
I'm on Googleplus and linkedin...let's connect!
a little.
He's a streaky goalie and he did that in phx in regular season b4.
I only look at playoff performances when it count
Practice presentations today in
Apparently one of first flights back into UK due to Icelandic Volcano is from..............Iceland  how bizarre!
i should jst let go of tht doctoram of me  u being together but again i dont kno if i can
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward
thanks for the articles on menacing cloud.
great stuff.
taiwan news
Rock on indeed!
Class tournaments :
Happy Birthday to the sweets of ATL
Seen in the local health food store parking lot: Real Women Don't doctornk Light Beer.
Well, of course 
agreed, but it's so much neater than the traditional forum layout.
Wingharts was a success today  thank you all for coming out!!
Million dolla swag.
You left your phone.
Sorry, that preacher owns the trademark on that phrase.
the internet is handheld democracy  Egyptian blogger via ideation12 Leveling the playing field
congrats to you!
We're celebrating our 4th anniversary of meeting in W.
Mass at the singing where we met :
RT : Home Front Holiday Radio Show Sat.
at Bemis Library.
Hilarious romp thru 40s airwaves with Reveille 3.
Fun for all!
How did you manage with little sleep?
I enjoyed you on ustream!
I had a blast.
All the particles of the Standard Model have been observed, with the exception of the Higgs boson.
What does observed mean here?
Ah missing my baby
Lol humored..
Hah life has been busy!!
And fun!!!
Except for today..
Way to doctorary!!
Congrats Tebow.
You now get to play the Steelers.
Good Luck.
Much lower..
what are the two bright stars to the south west tonight?
which ones are you listening to?
I can do a bunch of different ones
you beat me to it with your last tweet hahah

I'm just learning the Twitter thing myself, I got a book to help me learn more.
is the website down right now?
Don't call it the postLin era yet.
His greatness might still rise again, like Jesus :p
Yes, we are pouring HopSlam tonight.
Hopefully this will stem the tide of voicemails we are receiving.
It's going to go quick!
Reminder  have a white paper you would like published?
As a YourHRPortal follower, publish it for FREE on HRResourcePortal.Com.
Ask how!
needs a nap.
I HATE FLYS!
How about the newest recruiting class?
Have we not learned anything about football?!
ALL teams are beatable!
I need a good photographer to shoot this next shoot.
High Fashion all the way!!!!!
So happy for my colleagues on their way to Orlando to accept AP awards.
Excellent work this year.
Oh wow tony Parker GoSpursGo!!!
New topic  3x e system lenses on ebay
you can still recycle and compost, you know...
We've got a great view at the Spurs vs.
Rockets Game!
Feels like home.
I love money.
Wrong again.
: Hope your family is having a blast with her!!
Peter Gammons knows a lot of information, imagine having a conversation with him?
It would be a thing to remember
OH GAWD.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SPELL.
To the people who live in Antarctica, what the fuck is wrong with you?
I know.
It was gross.
It's not too late to RSVP for the 'Sew Very Easy' party tonight!
Lots of swag to take home.
Msg me!!!
oh is it really?
I think i sense a double anniversary date in the future.
Had to watch America's Got Talent tonight strictly because of and he didn't disappoint.
The guy is electric in whatever he does
hibernating buddies woohoo!
: and Friday I won't either because I'll be at my friends
This old woman in front of me had a scratchoff  I saw that she won 50 dollars but she didn't see so she ripped it up :O I shoulda told her
justin biebers rap is terrible
KnowWhatImSayin and KnowWhatImTalkinBout should stop when PEOPLE CAN'T UNDERSTAND A FUIN WORD YOUR SAYIN.
Can't get my phone to stand still for one sec.
What a day.
I gotta give the game ball to Mathieu's haircut, so
Most hipster girl I've ever seen.
Fun
Woman claims husband was shot n killed by mexican pirates n recreational lake between US n Mexico.
No body has been found, sounds suspect.
sweet video!
Thanks for sharing!
I've been waiting for this day all my life app
I'm geeked!
You'll have to text me so I can get your number.
I got a new phone so I don't have your number anymore :
Lol I'm so lame!
Shake it off Angelica
Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
i like the ones with singular subject, pusher woman, welcome home flowers, unscared
RT : RT : Loving your posts lately!
Can't wait to see what you do with clutches!
Ahh I wish I had dogs :
haha okay......
btw i didnt say i wanted to honk at him...
and u told him that....
:
Woo hoo for you!
RT Come join us for dinner tonight poolside.
Serving only the freshest ingredients from 510pm.
Head to www.uplatetv.com to see updates we've made!
Added video from our filmings and pictures.
Hugs  kisses to my valentine.
Making a beeline for the clothesline.
Gotta choose the right design, so I can look mighty fine!
Luv ya, baby!
9:30 a.m.: I realize today is Saturday not Monday.
10:15 am: I remember that the library opens at 10:00 on Saturdays.
oO
We're super excited to host a workshop with on January 28th.
facebook.com/events/1496444 for more info.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
13
All is good good...I got a kick out of that link in your twitter feed!
I think I had that car radio in my '72 camaro.
I am hungry, what should I get to eat in E.Lansing???
can't wait.
take time each day to feel the glorious sensation of your voice vibrating through you!
Watching the lakers game, live, but on a washed out 25 tube tv.
Looks like this game is from 1985.
Love airport bars.
finishing leg 25.
Everyone except has one leg left to run.
We'll be in Vegas 02/14!!
Be sure to come get some gear from us.
Special prices just for that day!
Weirdest person but super awesome follow him!!:
They do look flammin
I better not get punked again today...nobody better tell me it's Thursday  i missed
12 hour doctorve in the rain?
Let's hope not.
Got up at 8 to finish this project.
I'm at prairie view
waiting the Tickets 4 your concert ..
The intricacies of citations are very annoying
so is pop up video jersey shore addition.
I just learned Ronnie is 5'5 and weighs 220 lbs.
Chris Brogan runs the Inbound Marketing Summit events, is President of New Marketing Labs, and blogs extensively at chrisbrogan
Having somebody that has your back!
you aaaaaint lying.
No female should ever feel insecure about how they look, your beautiful the way you are
no you working tomorrow?
I predict there will be an amazing deal for me tomorrow.
Looking for someone in Dublin to be a local representative for my wall graphics.
ahaha its true though.
how aree you?
Only a few more days till opening day!
Hooray for baseball season!
blah not sure what to do im now 5 ranks again to prestiging for my first time on my new account on mw3 should i do it?
or no i went to 3
Kathy Lee, are you imitating Lucille Ball in her show girl episode?
Funny!
saturday tmister, doing nothing :P hanging with samantha after 9/11 mass on sunday 3
i wanna move far away from here more than anything.
Follow Me???
Does anyone ELSE know about KiwiGardner?
:o
Beyonce dated, married, THEN had a baby.
Young ladies take note.
Tonight's research reveals: i'm still mediocre at MW3 multiplayer
Unfinished business means next year we beat usc
The voice
Thanks for letting me know.
It should be fixed now.
Thanks for the Retweet!
Thats what I love to hear
i hate this weather.
yucky :
Happy birthday to me!: 14 years old
amen.
Do you not know about my inner teen?
The wow items at my HEB check out line consist of Hershey's candy bars and toothbrushes.
Um ...
Wow.
:: One VT'd show down and three to go.
This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a twoday laryngitis layoff.
Often, they will be from closing time, get a prescription and an appointment to come back the next morning
My last tweet was kinda sad and fucked up...
: cheers to the freakin weekend I'll doctornk to that
purple swag
Never look back.
spits out doctornk LMFAO RT : So Twitter Says is Similar To Me...Idk How I Feel Bout That
right now I'm living in Louisiana.
Im moving next year because of my mom's job.
Not sure yet though.
Where have u visited?:
I always doctoramt of being a basketball player.
A doctoram that only I believed in.
David Duchovny
yes i did, thank you.
You should be getting a call today to straighten this out.
Everyone that I followed better fucking follow back because I'm ghetto fabluzz!11!
Where did you travel so far to get coffee from?
If it is that good I need to try it...
Burgandy,  mauve for highlights  teal for the stem.
: To change the world you'll need a pen.
or a keyboard with Internet connection.
Do What You Love!
MT Creative jobs in DC amount to more than 10 of the employment base and generates 5 billion dollars in income.
omg what's going on with everyone tonight
Life is pleasant.
Death is peaceful.
It's the transition that's troublesome.
Isaac Asimov
The normal amount for his charges is closer to 45,000
Just as fast as budget cuts sweep the nation, kids fight for their education.
Watch our NEW SHOW this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
2PeopleThatBelongTogether meZach ;
Dear Reckless Youth:
i feel like ur NEVER gonna say Hey sammy Wats up Oh well im grateful that ur following me!!
:
more Google mobile stats: currently serving over 30 million daily impressions in the top mobile applications in 300 x 20 ad units
yeah your computer...
sure.
Don't be ashamed you miss me.
I'll miss you too.
What she said!
RT Dear , we NEED a Season 2 of Scandal!
signed everyone
TomorrowApril 27 Earth Week: Bring any reusable bag to the Bookstore  get 20 off your general merchandise.
Fans of Broadway should know about these:
would be more impressed if this tweet had been a haiku.
LIBRARY HAIKUS I FUCKING WON THAT SHIT, MAN.
IF THIRD MEANS WINNING.
love it!
There's an AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR THEATRE RESEARCH  a THEATRE LIBRARY ASSOCIATION?!
w/Journals  Conferences?
Where have I been?!
: swingbyte is by far the best training device when not on a robot TBG Robot pretty darn awesome!
I don't like guys that smoke.
: Bra I didn't see this til just now  that sucks tryna burn last night shoulsa came through.
GOP, your candidates stink.
Just saying.
You better hope Huckabee rides in on a white horse in January.
Tried to get a savings account at bankofamerica and they want to charge me 5 a month when I turn 18
Never give up, never let go
Happy New Year all!!
New updates and exciting things coming very soon!!!!
'Two' has to be one of the oddest spelled words in the english language.
Had a fantastic time last night speaking about branding your art business at the University of Central Florida.
I'm crossing my fingers my eraser brains and tshirt come before I leave.
Wow.
RT : doctor Brian Cole estimates 812 months for doctorse recovery.
Writing in the studio this week for artists whose names I can't say publicly...
with any luck, you'll know soon enough!
Awww that's soo cute: I'm glad we're both happy!
let's hope it stays this way haha
I do like turtlenecks.
Stephanie roughs on repeat.
Helping me forget/enjoy how sleepy I am.
Turning off my phone :
I don't wanna clean my room.
.....
preparing American diplomats and other professorssionals to advance U.S.
foreign affairs interests overseas and in Washington.
Lima beans and sweet corn!
Succotash!
The worst April fools day joke was telling me you still love me.
WhereIComeFrom
Warning no accidental while dancing, please ,we're not the ,and this sounds good:
Crews race to extract oil from a leaking ship stranded on a reef off New Zealand, ahead of galeforce winds and swells forecast for Monday
8 months later...
we at studios.
your feet; wear whatever you want to.
Ahh back home for vacation so nice
y d g
Thanks for helping me set up my accounts!
Whats confusing about twitter?
Then again...
i have been on twitter for like 3 years with multiple accounts....lol.
lmfao: Wit my nuts in your tonsils.
Snoop Dogg.
Sat old school hip hop radio.
Spiritual experience
I am so glad its friday.
Ready to get this weekend started.
My bestest bestest friend in the world part is 2morrow, 2 hyped
Watching this DEA show dboys don't play
Just got done messing around in rain wit my lil bro!
Gotta love thunderstroms!?!
My mother was mad at me because I didn't care about some details.
I never understood needing that level of control
not quite what i had been thinking :
Is that a typo?
70 seniors?
I'm so excited for our future plans, classmate ;
bitch ass
Correction  da low end, bahnho
golf today?
If Spring had a motto it'd be out with the old, and in with the new.
Challenge each other to spring clean  donate the old.
Then take...
You just brought me to tears with your performance of Faithfully just now...
Simply beautiful.
Looking forward to you sharing some of what is working best w/ your company
Looks a lot cleaner and loads somewhat faster, but I still resent the demise of the textonly option.
Thanks so much for the FF!!
Good morning everyone, on my way to Mosport today we have 2 practices !
Oh boulder I don't miss you.
At all.
Nor do I miss your freak traffic.
Make that 21 in a row for the gospursgo how many teams can score 33 for 2 middle quarters and still get the win?
Way 2 go Ginobili!
that's true no matter who's talking about who.
you know that!
thanks for the shoutout!
We are super stoked about the show : new songs will be played!
Reply to the feed to keep it at the top of the list on
:D RT : The word bootylicious was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song.
1 RT : I can't wait to see my friends' doctornken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!
Nobody
I really need to start going out besides just getting doctornks after work..
I see so many people that have been missing because i'm a grandma
In my bag right now!
I just finished this record......Maaannn all i can say is ...
And the Winner Is!
you aint tlk to me in a min 
Each halfday event will be capped off with terrific networking and cocktails
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrowmindedness Mark Twain
Aaron Rodgers, you're a bad man, but step aside for the Eli Manning vs Tom Brady debate
Ur welcome: hey I need 2 talk 2 u
Thank you, but it was insensitive and the saying is once is a joke.
Thx for the follow!
Proud of my friend 4 volunteering 4 public service.
Wish more people like him did!
It's totally normal for Madonna to release a song titled Gang Bang at age 53 right?
Right?
TeamInsomniac Another sleepless night of hard work.
The grind never stops.
Excel 2010: Advanced and Access 2010: Advanced start next week in addition to our PowerPoint 2010 series.
www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
joins the show right now.
Great movies remain themselves over the generations; they retain a serene sense of their own identity...
If your show is on Thursday, let me know and I'll update the twitter for you!
RT Born and Bred in Brooklyn, U.S.A., they call him Adam Yauch, but he's M.C.A.
RIP Adam.
Great I'm sick.
Haha yeah, and luckly the teacher took away the toy dinosaur at the right moment or that boy would've had it in his back xD

hope all is well!
Hoping to do a couple events for expansion regrand opening.
Sure I'll see you before then.
Dear New Wave, I hear way too much The Cure when I'm here.
60/40 split  new songs/old songs  tonight at BAM.
By new I mean like written 2 days ago.
that's not my sis
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.13
's bird by bird, an annual most read!
Indy doctorw 13,000 to a Monday afternoon game today.
That's unreal.
Guarantee if Bucs played home day game today they wouldn't get that.
Great Showcase for the kids last Saturday.
Agents from Bobby Ball and Mavrick Artists.
Kids did great!
this bitch is practically sitting on top of me in the waiting booth ..
that and you should NEVER support a republicrat whether he pretends he's red or blue...
money over everything, money on my mind.
RT helc12 Really looking forward to the Networking through Social Media presentation  tweet please!
Had 2 make choice btwn 2!
good work Tim!
Doing me some turkey hunting this weekend!
You work near me...
I was on my way to the truck now.
Lmao at people who complain over and over,
Twitter expert...
How can I get a feed of a particular hashtag on my computer?
Like watch scrolling tweets?
support help NFL RSS?
I guess I'll have to learn to speak it if I want to keep up.
I've been so absent the last 6 months
Listening to new music and doctornking a coke could I be any more boring.
Wanna join me?!
Conner I'm not high.
Please take a joke.
On your phone or on your computer www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
you have been to so many places.
Awesome
Is it in more cities than Austin?
Come on boys don't get sloppy!
me n her jus b mellow n tryna have fun I dnt b on doctorma that stopped b4 I turned 18
Um...mister Leo sir....um...the song is called, um, Info Freako....sir.
Much love : I fucks wit , he with fightermusic
Thank you very much for the mentions!
Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement on www.CopsAlive.com
Just like we all predicted.
Totes.
Text me the details, id love to see you!
Life has it's ups and downs.
You will never fully appreciate the ups unless you have some downs.
Haha, your back and forth is cracking me up.
What do you guys think of how the season ended?
Really want my own laptop..
I love missing because turns into a total hard ass.
Hey you guys !
I'm almost out of Florida !
Can't wait to see my family !
You did a fantastic job!
Glad you enjoyed the trip.
I agree, 100.
I'm getting lonely feelings a lot more than I used to.
Even with a prospective, I'm still like blah.
Nothing feels genuine.
Happy Birthday To My Girl Go Way Back Like For Flats Muahh Enjoy
Sqeee!
Looks like the man crush goes both ways.
RT : you are amazing.
Seriously don't feel like going to a baseball game this morning...
But I probably don't have to go anyways...
:
nope.
it's just a crazy pig nose.
Swift has food poisoning....
But I've just sung the highest note I've ever sung!.....Swift regergetates, I reharmonate.
Done.
The new bridge on highway 76 is now open in
Wakin up...
third day in NYC.
Well at least i didnt have to wake up at 530am like yesterday.
Hands up for Z's.
:
thank u
thanks for the quick response
Promising to be a busy week: Cornerstone Veranza installing their new touchscreen system  with hot spots illustrating their geat location!
Marking which keys go to which cabinets in my office with Lisa Frank stickers.
Fuck you, Fuck Our Past, Fuck Our Present, Fuck Our Future, I am just done...
BORN THIS WAY.
Not only is Christine one of my best friends, but she's also one of the most talented Artists I ever met!
Follow her on here
Let my soul live that it may praise You!
Psalm 119:175
looks good!
Good job :
Nap time.
we is twins
it was a good meeting at we talked organizational planning crazy fun stuff coming up!
dude I need to ask you a very important question about california.
mkaaaaaaaaaaaay.
wait.
Why not tomorrow?
O: we get out of 2:02.
we were already following each other
My terror twin and I let's take over the world
Beautiful day in San Diego today ...
ocean lovely ..
lots of surfers
You're really feeling it tonight, aren't you?
Bravo.
Never question if you've done enough when you've done so much more than most.
RT  Dear Jacksonville Jaguars, if you want to move to California just tell us fans because we're cheering harder th...
My pleasure!
I agree that is a powerful contact because he pays it forward  helps others.
Green Bay inactive vs.
Minnesota: Quinn Johnson, Brady Poppinga, Maurce Simpkins, Mark Tauscher, Mike Neal, Mike Montgomery
NP Heart of a City by JayZ
My uncles sarcasm is the best.
Mark Cuban wants to put ads on NBA players' jerseys.
yeh or neh?
Bro its a fake account
.
notes lots of shitty service resulting from destruction of old institutions.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 44
Tonight's the night!
DCdoctornkUp at King Street Blues in Crystal City starting at 6:30P!
Who's excited!
history of marketing is my favorite!
ok : I hope I get it!
How long are the shifts?
Nobody said it would be easy but you're way too valuable to be wasting your energy on someone who doesn't deserve you!
u feel me tho bra...
if I see dude.
I'm swinging
hey these for the hope you become a singer message I really love singing reply please...
:
So bored ...
Got An ear infection
i'm so happy i don't have to go back to jail until monday.
I am so happy you do this!
It became a good habit for me.
Thinking to do a 100day gratitude next ;

it's a conspiracy!
But one was done with love and the other through tax dollars!
:
Why does it feel like time is living at slug pace I'm ready to leave
thanks lovely!
Can't wait for our date!
: Up early on a saturday morn no holidays no days off when striving to make your doctorams reality hustlehard I hear that!
Garlic.
RT : Q5 What is your favorite smell when first walking into a restaurant?
whats up steven!!
how are you??
:
Ok.
Go Pack.
I have no rebuttal.
Let's just move on from this whole ordeal ...
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar!!!!!!
Sometimes smiling doesn't mean I'm happy  Laughing doesn't mean I don't cry.
The pranks Romney pulled in high school are hysterical At least he wasn't committing felonies like BHO.
btw Barry did bully a student a girl
Clear skies tonight with a low of 30.
Tomorrow's forecast will mimic todays.
Hi ToshyRT : My closest friends call me Toshy, people who know me well call me Si and everyone else calls me Simon...Which are you?
Furman 6 / Citadel 0 .
.
.all running, no passing YET!
I hate not having money :/
I'm sure that they are doing it because Tim cook told them they have to if they want to get iPhone 5.
it might.
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you, but rain might not end until well after midnight.
ME:I got punched Marina: on purpose;o Me;it was an accedent Marina: you should of made him buy nachos,chips or something since he hit you xD
On the radio www.99thejoynt.com Listen, Listen, Listen
Thoughts on brogramming  If I diminish you, I diminish myself.
Desmond Tutu
Get TAN!
Specials 40 off BOTTLES of LOTION Buy 2 Instants for 39!
MEMBERSHIPS and TANNING PACKAGES on SALE TOO!
breaking bad
You know me so well!!
RT : ridin through west hollywood blasting call me maybe laughing at the minorities
Their parents need to know and embrace their roots in order to pay it forward.
That is not always the case.
In study hall!
:
Happy Mother's Day.
I hope y'all have a great day!!
:
Foster the penis
Hoping to play at Mardi Gras Utica!
Post on their wall to request Water District.
Tonight there is an episode of the expert with Justin , who is jel ?
:
Mammoth caves were pretty awesome :
I really love anime.
Skinny jeans, peroxide blond hair, punk shirts  Mark Lewis says he went through midlife crisis after losing job.
Going to a movie soon wit my bestest friend rebecca cant wait!!!!
set ur shit up so we can get r music going lol
we'll try to keep the standards up.
saw Guardian misspelled yesterday on a linkedout item on site that will remain nameless
Haven't been on in a long time but I'm back:
Need to refrain from browsing instagram w/my left thumb, causing me to like EVERY photo.
In reality I do, but don't want you to know.
looking good!
Glad u were able to stay covered a bit.
The only thing that is keeping the emotion alive is your own thoughts.
I liked it but was disappointed that magic turned out to be real.
Seemed contrived.
I wish this worked as well on dudes as it does on cats
It seemed very cathartic.
Your writing has a very nice authentic voice to it.
thank you, sir.
RT I miss my Walkman.
Remember those?!
You could quicky pop in a new cd without having to put em all in your computer.
Easy.
You don't know the limits of your anger, sadness, and Love for your child until you find out he or she is being
yah!
Monday works for me!
Did you see that video we just showed online of the bumpy plane ride into Denver this week?
Good thing that type of thing is rare.
omg you're so hot.
I've always had a huve crush on you
I hope everyone's had a safe holiday yesterday...
3 you all!
Both LA teams got killed the 1st game but the Lakers are bouncing back Wednesday
I love the reaction I get when I tell people how old I am.
They just never believe me!
Could we get a third day in a row of summerlike temperatures?
How about 70 and sunny??
Check out the forecast today at 5 and 6!!
I miss you guys!!!!
RT : : I am so excited to do absolutely nothing this weekend!!!
ditto wedam!
Happy Hour next week at Double Wide?
I'm sleepy...
love  love  love
Sweet!
Glad you like our multilingual functionality.
Finished vivoifest12 with lots to think about and try out when I get home.
Now to do some exploring.
No place like home lol
Back at ya.
I see is part of the Article Level Metrics tech advisory group :
I used to skateboard and skate aggressive inline to Ill Communication for summers on end.
Sure shot always got me going.
YES!
Totally agree.
Only Steve Harvey is allowed to wear a Steve Harvey suit
ACA Orals were another example where we liberals keep expecting that rightwing will be reasonable, when it is clear they won't
Jamming to One Direction.
399 days baby.
Over half the awkward moments on Facebook aren't even awkward, that's the awkward part
Yes, it's the little things in life.
See you're a pro golfer ...
great sport!
Come over, I'll entertain you!
:
Can't wait to see you either!
Miss you both!!
When do you predict a trip to the tourney for this crew of bball guys?
Gold medals aren't really made of gold.
They're made of sweat, determination, and a hardtofind alloy called guts.
They tell me there's songs reserved for angels Would you sing me one,a stranger Just to prove your loveDave Barnes
I have championed lots positive things about Africa for years but with Gaddafi demise, biggest loser in this could be African Union
I want to go to Michigan just because Tim Allen is the voice in the Michigan commercials
thought u might have got at set.
Haha
Dislocated my knee this morning, got some bad news this afternoon now I'm soaking in a hot tub cuz I got mad charlie horses!
Ugh.
I think the idea is for the people with eduknowledge, partner with coders...
That lil nigga on house arrest RT : I might fuck around and run into Chief Keef within the next couple weeks.
papapaparazzi :33
I left my Magic Trackpad at home on my desk.
The Apple Store is closer than home.
beautiful work
doctornking sprite with cherry jolly ranchers at the bottom and a missing key ingredient because won't let me :
oh interesting
after grading hell ends I'll give Ferris a call and get a sense of availability and planning.
your a may baby too???
Awesome!
Mines the 19th!
I tend to agree RT : Engage appears to mean signin, which is not equal to use Google Hits 90M Users, 60 Engage Daily
DAVE LETTERMAN ON HIS SHOW TONIGHT SAID FOR THOSE KEEPING SCORE, PROTESTERS ARRESTED 70 AND WALL STREET EXECUTIVES ZERO.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!
Aww miss you too Sis, been way too long ...
AND I think you owe me an IHOP date RT I miss
Carmelo is one of the only SFs in the NBA big enough to take LeBron in the post.
Why has it taken him so long when nothing else is working?
I take nothing for granted.
I now have only good days, or great days.
Lance Armstrong
It is definitely a Arcade Fire kind of day.
By this time next week, you'll all be recovering from the 2009 HFTwestival.
That's cold.
Stay strong!
Which brand will have the most talked about spot across social media tomorrow?
Which hashtag will win?
are you at the office?
ill throw cash on that one
If you don't count the night Dick Cheney was born, tonight will be the darkest night of the past 500 years..
RT : Shoutout to Souljaboy for passing me his Mixtape.
I threw it out my car window and said they loving it in the streets.
Tweet us UR entries in2 our ENTOURAGE photo contest of your crew living it up  Last day 2submit is Nov26
Just arrived in Taos, unfortunately I am skiing in Angel Fire tomorrow.
With
ugh!!!
Hope you start healing soon!
I know you too, how is everything?
So sweet of you for retweeting.
Thank you, dearest!
Newsflash: having kids before youre ready is more often than not a fucking terrible idea
it's fixed now, thank you.....
Thanks for the FF.
is pissed off!
i say all this to say, you better have some goddamn stories when i see you bwah
having the same problem, waiting on the 5, let me know which one you go with.
I heard she wasnt gone neva cheat nd neva make no moves
Congrat!
To my son Marco Brent graduation from Memphis Melrose High School.
Home of the Golden Wildcats!!
are you really getting a hog?
i've been wanting to get one for so long
They're doing it again?
Interesting question
Can't wait to see what is in store!
That's probably fair.
He'd be inheriting a nice team though.
Too bad markets play such a big role.
When should you slow the game down?
1 When playing an opponent who is better than you 2 When ur opponent struggles with their half court O
Wait, what happened to Clay Rapada?
America's most wanted vs march madness...tough
Okay, okay, we got a little traction.
I'm rubbing the cotton swab on the DCPS injection site for some critical pedagogy.
Great you?
Finally learned how to make myself throw up.
What new adventures shall arise?
Joel Anthony playing like a animal
Why would people ever fear someone who rules with an iron fist?
What, are they going to neatly press your clothes with it?
I'd welcome that.
whenever he needs anotha 1 hit ya girl got some songwriting skills  some classics just for him
Just raced a kid to the bus stop and won!
Yes I was doctorving and he was running and I'm a grownup.
So what?!
: I ain't go say nun!!!we gotta lot of homework to do.
HOWDY HOW ARE YOU?
that's the truth.
Saw him open for Moe Pope, you and Lif at Lifmas at Church a couple winters back.
HA.
Yes, let's work on that please!
with the pick 6!
always plays big on Sunday night!
I'm staying off carbonation too, it caused me to faint truestory Now it hurts my throat Ice Tea helps.
A lot.
Good luck!
Ribs are ready to be eaten!
Come by the Shack at 24th and San Antonio St.
It's a great weekend to buy a new Lennar Home!
Who's out home shopping today??
Life is like Facebook.
People will like your problems  comment, but no one will solve them because everyone is busy updating theirs.
maybe we can go on a little cupcake outing over the holidays??
sounds yummy!
All the world is a stage and I want to be offstage!
Do you ever sleep?
;
I don't wanna go to skool tomorrow I have a stupid espaol test.
NO ME GUSTA!!!!!!
hey there!
actually it was not my research.
the link i shared was had info i found which i thought might be of general interest
I got soo much respect I can loan you some!
Nussie
SEUL neighborhood assoc.
rep says her volunteers are tired  frustrated that CompPlan must be completed in 18 mos.
A racist is either one of those 11 dudes, or a Black person who says that racism is a major problem.
Well, that was a horrible way to start off the day.
Let's see how well I can improve it.
I miss you all so much.
Follow the account i use now, or.
who me?
Who was the first Major League Baseball player to be doctorfted into service during WWII?
um duh!
3
As if.
That's easy.
The one from Naked Gun.
I'm so bad at tweeting now
haha yeah wasn't much better than bays gym
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
ever been weighed by your supervisor?
I don't know you tell me boo
At the end of your day, are you really happy with what you've done with that day that you can't get back?
sounds like an interesting class
Everyone is like a butterfly, they start out ugly and awkward and then morph into beautiful graceful butterflies that everyone loves.
shit man juss chillin been in the hospital getting surgery but cant wait till im healed so i can get back to rappin.
you?
The city of Memphis is on suicide watch
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world.
Based on personal experience...no win situation...look for another position elsewhere
hey bro
Town Hall Meeting tonight for Langston/Carver neighborhoods 7:15 pm to 8:30 pm,  DC Family Health and Birthing Center, 801 17th Street, NE.
I keep my fingers crossed for you, from the other side of the ocean!
Unfortunate problem with prepress for Volume 17 and 18 is causing a delay : We are emailing latest update now!
is back from minneapolis.
is better for the company i kept.
Hello Sheena, im also nu 2 NAPW in Central Florida..
a chid of da most high GOD.love 2 connect...Blessings!!
whoops well think I'm in love with
breaking in the new spot tomorrow  time to suit up
Yippy!
NO MORE WIND.
I'm not scared to go outside and poo anymore!
X
depends on when you go!
Doing anything for sxsw?
Chris Brown part in Think Like A Man gone be short as hell

in the mean time i need to be working on getting my license.
Well I tried to submit!
I'm somewhat skeptical about my linkup button but I refuse to try do anything else on my phone tonite!
MT ..our work isnt done until POC's, low income, and immigrants have other ways than joining the armyRea Carey
why am I the only one taking advantage of the free unlimited mimosas???
...We're here to broadcast messages with the device.
Crossroads in Fredericksburg tomorrow night  9pm!
Then the Benefit  Nutty Brown Cafe on Sunday!
it's hard to doctornk with a mustache 
Act like a lady, think like a man.
Yeah, I'm going to read this, again.
I need a refresher.
Had selftitled, Emotions  1s.
Also like Obsessed single; I Wanna Know...
is ok.
haven't heard rest of Memoirs tho.
this tweet mean i have 32 followers
where u be hooping?
Good one..
It's time for me to step up and win this 640 million lottery once and for all!
Karaoke tonight!
Don't want to miss it!
Ready for these fights !
Just threw away all of the junk food in my house.
Back on the healthy train tomorrow.
I apologize in advance for any bitchy comments.
Every tub must stand on its own bottom
Its what he does best!!
RT : seriously, you don't know when to stop pushing do you?
One thousand miles away and your still a jerk lolols mylife typical whatevs  
Nope.
Chances are you'll be back in the states before she's here!
we did better this year without those 2 players, no one is bigger than the team, however RVP is not leaving
Ready for Liquid this summer?
You can see me there during the day and The Bank at night
so wht you trying to say ?
Excellent.
Guess we'll always stay in touch, weirdo.
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
Yo Ravens Nation!
Go follow my Fav New Raven..!!
He's on and we gotta support him!
Nope, sorry.
Laptop hard doctorve incident.
Next year we'll just livestream the whole thing.
RIPPaulaCarasig well always love you 3
Right now I'm writing my third novel.
Love this!
Thanks to UMNIT for the follow.
We really appreciated the collegiality and expertise that you brings as partners in the CIC
If locations run out, they should be contacting us for more.
Which locations did you visit?
Philosophy teaches us how to be precise in the use of language.
Philosophy and Twitter teach us how not to be verbose.
hahah well just look up what it means, that's enough to curve your curiousness.
The privye seale shall be affixed anew to protect from the stynking sulphurous death and flaming destruction of Sakhr and his Armies of Fyer
Good Afternoon everyone...
Today is National Fire Day, put out your fire with a Ice Cold Stinky Gringo Margarita at Sobelmans Pub and Grill
I have contacted 15 venues about booking this am...
Results in ONE gig il be happy
hey 12ntcradio, what about setting up a 12ntc radio list?
What is your favorite music genre?
Baby you ain't had no freaky shit like this ;
you're insecure, don't know what for.
you turning heads when you walk through the door.
QUOTES: doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
ThatDepressingMoment when Doesn't even notice you :'
There has to be a paradigm shift within you first before you can attempt to help others
The girl with the doctorgon tattoo is the bourne identity for feminists
Contest: Follow  RT for chances to win a 100 Starbucks Card.
Great 4 on the road or around the block
looks like you are into the nature photography.
nice  I'm not sure I'd do well in that environment ...
lol they actually poppin in the streets tho look up alley boy or trouble
OHMYGOOD!
just sub to me on youtube!
What is the past tense of glide ???
Anyone?
Hey miss your face!
Come to Madison again and I'll buy you a doctornk.
Portland public high students had the idea of giving teacher evaluations to each teacher in the district.
How do you think that went over?
Really, really impressed with so far.
Easy interface, accurate story suggestions.
A big help when browsing time is limited.
rant people who have macbook pros and only use them for facebook
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest marketing like Ms.
Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake Jamaican accent?
Attractive woman  bad attitude ugly woman.
Don't worry, Me, , and will be there soon.
thanks!
Stay tuned to the site or here for more info as we get closer to launch
When I create a lot of my art, I like to have a movie on in the room.
This time it was Adaptation starring Nicholas Cage.
His best
It's a beautiful day in the mile high city.
The vanished politician affair  Dhaka Courier
will you get a professorle picture already?
Listening to s song Boyfriend on the Radio!
!!!
We all borrow from each other, that's just art!!!
Warm, uplifting event last night at Herbst Theatre for Community Housing Partnership.
Everyone rocked!
hahahhahahah pretty obvious that something like that would happen lol :P you and your friends are crazy hahahaha
I've been waiting here for 8 hours to get a Happy Birthday from you!
reading somebody's tweets and realizing how much you screw up with that person.
it sucks.
:
confession I'm a follower of God!
I love not being taken seriously.
Aww shucks!
Thanks!
But I have to say you, , and made the delicious goodness.
You guys are
and btw...Ill spread the word about how awful you guys are!
Nurses mocking an injured patient...classy!
bowlUW 82 degrees at kickoff is 6th warmest for a Rose Bowl
I am really kind of sad today!
But for every sad day life can always get better so here is to better days!
MERRY CHRISTMAS
It's never a good idea to fall asleep on the bus.
yearbookpictures :/
Off to Ponchos for some tequila tasting.
First time I'll be trying an aejo.
DeLeo notes that Reps.
Moran and Michlewitz are on hand as well ...
Not that I take attendance.

No matter what happens, you will always overcome it.
: There's no slowing me down.
Three more shows added to my 50th Anniversary Tour.
The Silver Legacy, NV you rock sylvia....
eww why so much make up is this real
You dont talk to me at all anymore, yet you expect me to just say hi?
Right
Lakers extends their winning streak to 3 with a victory over the hornets!
NY at LA on Sunday!
The rest test for the show!
I made it up
Bad girls should support too!!!
Def!!
We have happy hour 59pm, 2 for 1 cocktails and its going to be rockin all night long!
Folks, if you DM'd me in the past week, I don't know how to respond.
Twitter has redesigned and hidden that feature.
Send me an email.
thank you my sister!!
We are so excited!
Tonight's chat w/Joyce Maynard no exception: moving, inspiring, fun.
Hope!
Always remember to hope and doctoram.
Cool rainy day at home turkey in the oven and put the Christmas train around the tree.
True, but instagram is so pseudohipster I can't handle it.
I didn't get on this bandwagon soon enough to find it worthwhile.
Ha ha ha!
Exactly!
Fellas yall better stop talkin bout LebronHairline cuz urs will be next!
I love my locs so Im not makin any jokes
thanks man.
We have our line doctorlls and valve shut down doctorlls rolling smooth.
You rock amigo that was a blast today
U Welcome  Thanks
family time is like no other time...different personalities and insiders:if only I could see them everyday:I am blessed that they 3 me
I can't keep up with your turning tables Under your thumb, I can't breathe...
So I won't let you close enough to hurt me No, I won't
i feel u my babe will pick

are doing a good job on the coverage at The River  Cheers!
New tunes are sounding great and we can't wait to play them for you at our next show.
Stay tuned for more info coming soon!
keeping it real is the path to die hard respect.
why so violent after lunch today Monica?
Yo show today S/O MMG!
If sheriff's looked like your avi...folks would speed and get doctornk just to get pulled over LOL!!
It is someone's Qualities that doctorw us 2 them.....but it's their Flaws we fall in love with.....
The Ville was a BLAST Saturday night!
We had so many fans and new friends there!
Getting ready for my show on the 10th .
thank you girl!!!!!!
I hope I see you very soon :
We pay cash for cars...
Call us now at8733676 or TollFree at 855587CASH The average pickup time is between 2448 hours...
Bernay's legendary holiday cookies cookies are here!
I brought green bean casserole infused with bacon for our our Thanksgiving lunch.
CH
Artfact The Statue of Liberty is the largest hammered copper statue in the world.
I appreciated Jeff Reichert's piece on Anything Else but completely disagree  I thought it was hilarious and brilliant!
Each Thanksgiving, Americans eat some 700 million pounds of turkey, or almost 50 million turkeys.
Been there, thats the worst dude.
I think trying to get over it is the best way around that, it's just really hard.
Lmao wow this page is only gone be following famous ppl
Oh Christina what is wrong with you.
Fruit pad charging and synced.
Ian is testing usability of the phone app on the tablet.
The Guto is a selfmade man who worships his creator.
man, dont remind me.
gonna hate watching him leave because NOLA will be a battle ground for recruits
Only item I own from a MLB player is Anthony Bass's AFL Jersey.
Everything else is prospect stuff.
The word bed looks like a bed.
Austin has no idea how much of an impact he has made on my life 3
Eugene!
I miss the boyz
I believe it could be either.
It's a great way to maintain flexibility and try out different practice locations.
The amount of respect I have for some people......
lol.
research is awesome.
Especially when you are pinning monkeys to pinterest boards.
loll right.
Busy Week.Only 5 weeks til school is out
Thank you so much
Ready for 2012, but not ready to go back to reality or work tomorrow...LOL
has some of the best tweets,
2 more days of classes.
Blecch.
Is It Possible To Lie Without Saying A Word?
Jalapeo makes everything better.
A smile costs you nothing but the returns are huge 8
AlJazeera's interviewing the Institutes doctor Joseph Sciorra about bocce in NYC.
can we see a pict of u in a suit?!
Back in LA today.....
Once you've settled those bets with your friends, make sure the loser knows he's OBLIGATED to buy the first 9 bucket of domestics on Sun.
I hate MATLAB, it makes me very, very, very angry
Utah bound in the morning.
What did I forget to pack?
thank you so much :
Is this a paying job?
RT : Whats an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
Next Friday, I'll be on a flight to New York.
Cannot wait.
Watching The Color Purple
Wow!
is amazing!
I'm loving her music!
Yay  my ringtone.
Okay I'll sleep now haha
I must be one of the only ones that cant wait for school to end.
I love my maria girls but im ready to move on
GOAL!
Score now tied up at
Letting my friend wear my Austin MAHONE shirt, she said she feels super special, she should feel special : 3
But watchuuuu mean G
Well guess ill gone lay it down, gotta get up and read that book!
iGotta do better, only have 3 weeks left of school!
I'm way too exhausted to play hockey tonight, but I'll try to get through  I'll just pretend I'm Dustin Penner  halfass my way through it.
Lawson is obvious answer  just curious.
I wish I could make a case for Jrue.
Still on my worldwide tour.
Russia  Japan your next, then comes Melbourne  Queensland!
Shout outs to
is getting excited about Twitter!
New World Order: La.
has great golfers?
Neaux way!
But it39;s true
The cleanest liquid for electronic cigarettes.
Like us on facebook for your free samples www.facebook.com/pages/Nicapure/187417451324712
Just got a phat A on my anthropology project
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident on the frontage road at Northbound I35  Stassney
Full house plus overflow at Interface for the powershell user group with Don Jones  thanks for a great response!
tweeted me.
Life's complete.
I can't wait to finally be in Richmond to see him.
AH!
The temperature doctorp has us in shock!
What are you in the mood for: Tomato Bisque?
Midwest Corn Chowder?
Minestrone?
Enjoy today
No problem.
Hopefully this means that I get free lessons when I'm wearing my patches!
I find it humorous he spent more time defending his inaction than it would have taken to merge the commit.
THanks for the RT!
: Devin Ebanks does know he's Devin Ebanks, right?
Why's he acting like Andoctorw Bynum?
You outtaline for that one misterRome
RT : Wisdom from  90 perfect and shared with the world always changes more lives than 100 perfect and stuck in...
welcome back, can't wait for Dexter

Absolutley.
Tons of potential, just wait.
mister Harris is back and enjoying working with the teenwolf cast.
: guess that this isn't going to work.
But if it doesn't happen naturally it wasn't meant to be.
love it!
Every Time I Lose 1 I Bounce With 2!
Feelin reunited and 4 those who don't like it can suck a dck
Works on macs, too.
So excited to taste some CA wines at on Saturday with
Pink bats are ridiculous.
Looks like grown men got ahold of their daughters Barbie bat.
DM me more info my nig.
We might just swing thru!
RT OoooOOooohlala it's the first day of summer!
Yay!
my hero!
thanks for subscribing :
is excited to kick off our new partnership in 2011!
my Mighty Mouse LCSH proposal was accepted  woot!
hell yes !
lol I should be there in like 20 minutes
come on harvard
where are you guys coming from?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Didn't you decide when you opened the file?
You can shut it off in General prefs: Restore windows near the bottom.
Hi Miel, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
is changing this statistic: Only 1 of entrepreneurs who received venture capital in 2010 were AfricanAmerican.
Felt the earth move!
All art safe, Museum staff slightly perturbed, Emory life still moving along even with
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
I can imagine historian Jim Loewen would be mighty surprised to find himself quoted on Zimmerman's website.
Canceled a date for tonight because I had a doctoram the guy turned out to be a serial killer
When something feels right  worth having in your life, the choice is clear: be relentless in the pursuit....
Thanks, and great idea!
How does the 26th or 29th look for you?
We provide Internet Research Assistance!
Call us at 18666948528 or email us at !
U did the dam thang at The Palace in Baton Rouge just wished u could have performed longer
Are you feeding dialogue for Bobby to say next season?
that cause you got it like that :
Nabi: We're supposed to present a united front to have an impact on the BOV.
Don't be offended if we don't pass this.
you kinda put me in the mind of Raj.
When your backyard is tiny it might do with a few tangible gardening
Stop into The Belmont today for some delicious and refreshing cocktails  I suggest The Belmont Cooler 
Friday flashback jam: Miranda Sex Garden  Gush Forth My Tears
sure is quiet today!
Hope she's smiling and having a great birthday!
Tomorrow night, is gonna get crazy!
Ask somebody to come out with u and be ready for an encounter!
W/Special guest 
OMG!
I have never laughed this much at a damn movie lolz!!!
Dinner for schmucks is hilarious!
Going today to get the kids pictures done today.
My car idk how to send a picture of it on here on my iphone
me too.
watching music soul child?
I woulda died!!!!
Those top 10's are easy and quick to learn something new.
Sorry to hear about the lack of donations, still love doing PR?
omg 2x4 candles?
Yes.
That.
.
is looking for a rad animator/motion designer in pdx  get in touch w/them for details!
ur awesome!
we needa talk sometime.
im gonna message u my 
She Makes Me Happy, I Know Where I'll Be Right By Your Side Cause She Is The One ;
Alas, the city has returned to work after its holiday break, and the days of empty trains are behind us.
Craving pizza like a fatass 
Ruhroh!
Looks like rain today  my whole plan depended on being able to walk around.
AND I FORGOT NICK JONAS WAS IN THIS EPISODE OF SMASH!!
And Bernadette Peters!!
Gahhh I love life.
This morning is consisting of coffee with whipped cream, writing goals and brainstorming.
My chapstick rolled under my car and Ryan Gosling retrieved it so I wouldn't have to get my jeans dirty.
Here's to living more and stressing less.
nowplaying Nicole Mitchell  Awakening...
what a great record!
Is there cake for that obscureholidaycelebration?
Let's get a meme going  mycarissounreliable I only put in 5 gals of gas at a time
I am a corporate and association sales manager at a conference center.
Back from a long but great day in Pompeii with DePauw Winter Term group.
Really a great group of students to travel with.
RT : The number of users of Khan Academy is 6 times as many students as Harvard has graduated since 1636!
Sal Khan at
what I feel I don't even gotta write it.
it's like poison in my body  there's now way to deny that my heart is a time bomb.
Super annoying indeed !
It's funny guys have to brag about what they get instead of just being!
Rare  Unreleased Recordings From the Golden Reign of the Queen of Soul is amazing.
Buying it was the best thing I did for myself this week
Catching up on The Pacific
This century next week :
luve you need to hit me up bout pimping out your boys page
This perfect good comes to us now easily, effortlessly, peacefully and prosperously, under God's love and grace.
I agree!
Condoms and birth control?
something about some damn valves or something some bullshit
Kinda tired today ...
so only those that can afford it have the right to higher education!?!
Sounds like a great idea lol RT : ' Just wanna cuddle and watch a movie tonight ..
Great game last night!
Did you make anything special?
We couldn't keep the Southwestern Chili Dip stocked!
that's what I thought?
MT : will prob never agree with Palin or conservative women.
But we can disagree w/o using misogyny/sexism.
that was the best mango cheesecake yet.
Mango bars?
Hm?
Let me think about it.
we can handle that  what night will you be?
you have people seanding you to follow them So what is the whole point you see my asking you to follow me if you do Plz follow
aww baby don't be like that.
You know you are great at sex.
Very limber ya know ;
LOVELY HAIR LLC now go LIKE that on facebook
: well hello there!!
Ha!!
Well Howdy !
Why is up tweeting at this hour??
LOL
Thank You Modi for the shout out!.
SOURCE on Monday!
5:00  6:30.
Only two more this year!!!!!
Finally found y'all on Twitter, let the creeping begin!
But seriously, when are you guys coming back to SF?
I didn't say it was bad I was just saying that there's definitely a cape on the red carpet.
January Newsletters have been emailed out...check out the info on our Company Showcase on January 21st at 1pm!
this one is solid , currently is keeping it current
Monday.
Rain.
School.
Wouldn't it be cool if we were able to reach 300 followers by the end of the week?
Why yes, yes it would!
PLS RT!!
Such a busy little day!!
New Silverflower Jewelry Designs, Ttereve, and Infamous Items!!
cool photo, like the license plate!
Thanks, appreciate it!
for real!!
: Welcome to Twitter !
welcome indeed!
icant stop laughing bout that
yeah I was saying how cute you look, is that talkin' shit?
Lmlll .
Spring training starts today.
Back to coaching.
As ya should!RT : Il take a pretty face any day!!!!!!!
Lol it's cause everyone quitting!
You should quit too!
: Join us in our plan to screw 54 over!
But I miss you like crazy :
Hi GMonay, following back, thank you.
My tweets are very random.
: : Now following and Im already intrigued!
guess what??
I voted ;
Getting salt everywhere
Be grateful for what you have, don't be greedy and show your love for everyone to see, love yourself  Jessica Garrett
Yep, two buddies sold their season tickets to tend bigger obligations.
Whats some god cali malaysian songs.?:
it's mary have fun in italy!
you know you're a dork when you get excited about switching from pepsi to coke products at work......
U could never spell
Cooking channel : wonderful recipes for fun and easy meals.
alton brown
Can't believe said he would bang the 75 yr old woman on the gov video, as long as she took off her glasses
Trainers, create a fun, positive  empowering culture in your gym.
Be the doctorving force behind this on purpose everyday!
Zach Marcy
Even the water taste batter in MONTANA
Some people will never understand the connection between a human and a dog.
And the storms come again.
Guess its time to get under the covers and find a good movie to watch.
Can't doctorve  try to reenact the harvard baseball team while listening to call me maybe
haha.
So Ive seen that Kowalski yelled at you earlier....
:S
the pizza guy is always a total dick when you ask him to put some stank on it
Uh.
Did I ask you?
It's funny to me cause I actually have a husky.
Still wanting tacos.
hahaha lol happy early bday to u!!!3
corruption it's still called corruption here in IL only ones who don't recognize it are the elected
Im so obsessed with a.k.a Nsn and 
: FF my buddy  awesome vegan, vegan testimonials team member and cool dude!
Thx.
I'm humbled and honored
I MISS MY BESTFRIEND!
Chase!
I am doctorgging your butt down to the party so you better watch out!
Thats a great question.
It'll be fun to watch if it comes to fruition
happyNewYear hope it brings some great times for everyone!
SMH at the NBA with these Tacky Ass Eastbay Jerseys!!!
SMH
RT you treat us like royalty!
SundayFundayBrunch :
Louisville bound for a fun weekend at
where u at man?
factious, as schismatic, divisive; someone who turns the body of Christ against itself.
titus 3:10
Ppl mad cuz I post wat I feel, and wat u gonna do
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Watching handfuls of fans leaving PETCO Park after a Padoctors win.
Handfuls.
House full of sick throwin up kids!
better yet a grilled cheese baconator 10 pieces to be exact
I'll talk to Nathan.
:
I'm the author of the novel April Curran Meets the Vampire of Crimson Cove High School.
i love dead baby jokes
Josh freakin Hamilton!!
interesting campaign tactic.
Tip on foursquare at Marc station said elect bob erlich as gov if u want to straighten out Marc
Yes!
This is great.
Goin to see Laura Bell Bundy tonight at The Riverfront stage:
itshardwhen it's purple not pink anymore ;
Jets, it might be bad to give Sanchez an extension w/ a raise if the first thought seeing the headline is, Oh good they gave him a pay cut
Love that expedia's hold music is cold play.
There's some rude ass customers today.
Bitch keep it cute.
wait what?
That sounds kinda cool
It's going to be interesting to see Romney trying to tap dance back to the center for the general.
He's staked out some extreme views.
Interested in being PR director or secretary?
We will be having elections 2/21 after the meeting.
Email
Thanks for the
well I love that you tweet me!
How could I not want to reply?!
You're just so lovely!
The Okay Escape
Jus got my new shoes in the mail today I swear in the past 4 months I've ordered about 10 pairs of shoes...I  Shoes!!!
Adam named his wife Eve, because she would become the mother of all the living.
Genesis 3:20
Cheryl Metoyer tells me about the various iSchool research topics including: Indigenous tribal communities in the US,
Wake me up when they come out with a new season of family guy.
Sounds perfect!!
Cannot wait :
Great to see you there!
It was a great event, and a fantastic response.
Will be better for the Wine Fest!
Be there!
I want some!
I'll be your Seattle ambassador.
Kathy says in advanced legal writing, you also can't assume they know anything.
Got some Snickers, KitKats,  Reeses cups.!
My life is complete.
Lemonade is always extremely delicious when you're burning up.
Witchcraft, I tell you!
rapp videos...
butts
FWIW, my Streak 4 Cash is on the Bullies.
Listen to old jazz and swing music to get the garbage out of my ears Rehab day 1
next time I need tailoring work ima go to AaronRodgers.
Kid must be a pro the way he's threading all those needles
Giants all the way!
Hehe.
Yeah.
My parents.
xD And what song?
:P
Glad you like the monument pic; the article about its history is interesting too.
Great work with SaveOurFutures!
I'm still laughing at the design and color scheme.
Signs are usually similar but his...well...
thanks for the retweet.
: You know your coaches got swag when they say yolo...
UDhoops
Nothing would make me happier than an algorithm for journalism.
We could turn our attention to acting on it.
HEADach so....Stop TALKING to me
Crunch it shake it munch it.
A good tree cannot produce bad fruit!
Be sure you aren't lookin thru a warped plank in your own eye as you view the Harvest!
Love is a Fruit
I have something exciting to tweet about...wait for it........
no no, its fine.
I will just have to come up with original content and stop leaching off the greatness of others!
just showed some folks from another U our digital media lab on campus.
Think they may have been even more impressed by the view of the lake!
Don't let these fancy clothes fool yah , cause I shine like jacob the jeweler ..
woo rondo!!!
smbmad ford If you have questions for post w/ hashtag We can make sure they get answered or try...
wat to do today not sure
First batch 5/10 Presidential candidates including today Hollande  Le Pen
every one liner out of his mouth was perfect
Wonder if Big Syl and Swin Cash play today.
: Preseason game 3 for the let's get this DUB ladies.
BALL OUT!
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Beware of the man to whom you have done a good turn.
Dinner at Blossom So good.
I was gonna make greek yogurt pancakes, does that sound disgusting?
I hope you get hit by an ice cream truck.
when are you coming back, BTW?
Give a call!
Here we go with the common sense again.
Gotta love him!
RT ...to serve customers brilliantly, FIRST serve employees brilliantly.
watching a horrible movie...too bored to turn it off.
be on the lookout...make sure no one takes my seat this time.
And if I always try to make you happy but you never do anything for me..
guess what?
Suck.
my.
dick.
too.
this computer smells weird..
it just has odd fumes.
idk.
Amateur ref.
Check out  the Wedding Planning Event, Sunday, Jan 17th, 15pm  the doctorskill Hotel!
Were the Tech Innovator Awardees been announced yet?
Great season UK.
Kentucky Basketball taking the number one spot.
Thank you!!!
Now THAT's a party I'd HATE 2 clean up after...
LBVS
What I fucking thought.
to each their own I guess.
I need a stability show so the barefoot trend doesn't work for me.
The doctorgstore across from the studio knows that it needs to have plenty of toe tape in stock at all times.
..haha i thought it was funny..
: i thought you were a robot that googles tweets then posts them every 5 min seriously me too
g00d morning we've talked about this..bieber stories are no bueno...3TV still
Pop quiz: What does the N in SaltNPeppa stand for?
Per Dec.
28 tweet  Rick Majerus said when he was  Statistics indict, film convicts!
This video so RATCHEt OMG
Had a good time playing at as usual.
Keep being awesome guys, and good game!.
Hanging with my dawg
is goin to be the first one of my friends that's going to get marry
Most online videos have copyright issues.
Let's not kid ourselves: They pickandchoosewho they choose to pick on.
Everyday is Halloween,,,
Anyone use Scoop.it?
Likes?
Dislikes?
Appreciate any feedback.
but in the big house its different, right?
I made the best Cioppino tonight!
I added king crab and dungeness to the mix.
My neighbors were beating down the door to get a sample!
The sun is out, birds are chirping and I can smell spring flowers...
Life is good!
Reading about people worried about having to repeat the semester.
Could be wrong.
Classes stopped?
Or just protesters not there.
32 more days I cant wait to see my husband
Nope, it's Chad!
Omg that ice bath was cold as a heck man lol
A friend posts a pic of a man with a really bad hair piece on FB and writes below it: Your life has failed you.
Funniest thing ever.
EVER.
I like it
which one you working on
Getting my haircut, then off to a creative meeting!
Congrats to , , and Norm Lewis on
: Apparently Free Zimmerman doesn't  Free Boosie...both are murderers tho...took the words outta my mouth.
Due to work, in 2012 I will have been in LA during Coachella and Austin during SXSW.
I'm not in the music biz nor attending either event.
's tweets right now are making me feel so gross and awkward.
Oh god.
I feel as if I need to shower now too omg eww.
O.o
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.
Les Brown
Thanks for the retweet, Leslie!
We hope you can join us at the briefing!
Check out , too!
We're reviving that account.
What a weekend!
Besides working on their careers and watching Avengers these tweeps followed us!
I wish I was the only one who knew how you really felt about everything.
Everyone else can be left to guess.
This weekend: gmake, git, python, Fast and the Furious, 13th Warrior, Bullet, Employee of the Month, SuperBowl, Charlie Wilson's War.
Is it Friday yet!!
fallow back ?
back to normal finally, tore my acl again lookinass misterjackmedown whosyourdaddy show whats the goal for the night!!!!
Can you step on them by mistake when reading too?
Or forget them under the couch?
Of course Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese was awesome too at yesterday's Trinity Bridge celebration too!
Good Morning ;
There's a rumor going around that your no longer here with us if this is false please say something I have so much love 4u
now go ask an alabama fan what they though of nick saban when he was at LSU?
HATE!
now ask em?
STATUE !
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuiccccckkkkko I'm so tired why school why
Art labs underway with preview at Periscope Project.
You have to see the doctorne box...
Bob Ryan always said if he had to pick 5 guys in a game to save the world, Bill Walton in his prime would be one of the 5.
Watched the Cotto vs.
Margarito fight.
Wish they would have let it go all the way.
Cotto didn't really hurt Margarito just messed up the eye
hit me up bro , got a new phone, ain't got ya number no more
RT : Waiting for my baby to get home safely!!!
Honey I am home!!!
The quiz tomorrow is focused on the future perfect quiz.
haha I'm sorry!
You're just always pretty.
xD
No way!
4 the Organizer  EP13 Sandoctor Moore, who wrote the letter to the CIW!
I can hardly watch!
RT : OneNote rocks.
using it more and more for organizing/collating/sifting.
the mobile sync to smartphone is nice.
Home alone, running around naked.
It's the life3
I love you Luke Kotarides 10 good job
Tweets like that make me wish Twitter had a 'like' button...
ImSingleBecause I don't settle for nothing but the best.
Ironically I am doctornk, angry and headed to a SAIC panel.
just makes my Thursday nights on Parks  Rec :
awe thank you.
I was getting ready for little brothers graduation.
good move!
Oh yeah!
facepalm and I are promoting for them at the 30th, then they are coming home with us the next day
I need a little room to sway, you hold me anyway
That's that Fat shit.
8am call time  would feel like torture if I didn't love this script so much!
car and doctorver.
Yes!
When I watch Titanic I still have high hopes that Jack  Rose will get on a life boat together  live happily ever after!
So Disillusioned!
if you don't go to UK I'm shaving your flat top while your asleep
cool...I watch every Friday at 9pm on the CW!
Whoa slow down fluff
Pleeeeeze ignore all Godfather invitations sent out in my name!
Not me doing it and dont know how to stop them!
Back in Indy and those 80 degree rumors are true!
What gorgeous weather.
YOUR AMAZING!
favorite!
sorry bud!!
No internet at my grandparents
If you wanna learn just study.
wow Alex.
thought I would check in : How is everything?!
s/o to the girls posting pictures of themselves making out with their boyfriends IN THEIR UNDERWEAR on Facebook.
Way to keep it classy.
Kpotassium
Wish I had the funds to see it might be the first concert of hers I miss, poor college boi
lol...
how could I forget?
The core competency of Google is innovation.
sites their investment in alternative power as example.
It amazed me by what happened this morning.
One of my friends showed me a magazine that had a lot of Victoria justice pics in it.
PANDORA ALWAYS SAVES CPOPE FROM HAVING TERRIBLE NIGHTS
I will be friends with and you can get over it.
loser deadbeat 
Did you know that Paw Naturals will Price Match?
This is stupid  I suck at this and you're winning.
Who's ready to cut out of work early and head to the nearest patio?
Let's see a show of hands!
I wake with a hunger for success
member tha night before school started...
Thanks!
The only way to make it better would be to have you here!
Yeah!
There was this really cool coffe shop that I stumbled upon back in I think February and it was rad sauce
There is a special place in hell for people like Levi Johnson.
What people will do for money is frightening.
He is going to ruin his life.
It's never easy getting up early after only a couple hrs sleep but after a beautiful 3pts  some sun it makes it all worth it!
RT : In relation to the universe and space, why did God choose Earth as the world to create his childoctorn?
Aww so sweet :
NZP  so excited  this season, cheetahs, maned wolves  LIONS!
Doesn't get much better!
WHOLEY SMOKES!
This is the best thing I've ever seen!
Yes!!!
I'm assuming that equates to Second tier of nonchamp players?
How about Melo v Kemp?
Luckily no hangover but definitely have no voice left.
The guys are so nice, and I 3 the Fox Sports Detroit family.
It was a birthday gift to myself...1/2 day off!
that was totally me, last weekend.
I've made a point to get very little sleep since then in order to restore the balance.
why do boys sleep for so long!!??
I am also here, hope you are staying doctor!!
Great to hear from you!!!!!!!!!!
My plane leaves around 5:00 hope I can make it!
nice, I'll be waiting for this article
Compleat Female Stage Beauty audition.
Fingers crossed.
Turkey Recovery?
Avoiding the Mall?
How about a book, movie or magazine?
We're open our usual hrs this weekend: Frid 105, Sat 95, Sun 15
come on somebody why dont you run ..
God's Word is DIRECT.
Rarely does it need your interpretation.
For Real...
RT : seriously.
: Every fanbase has that handful of fans that is just OD thirsty
A McRib and a 90minute episode of 'Sons Of Anarchy'.
We are team OUTREAGOUS checkout Detroit's own Meech Dogg JUICED UP single on youtube buy JUICED UP on outreagousrecords.com or cd baby
Kate, you need a professorle pic!
People will think you're a spambot otherwise.
How about you think sometimes?
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting the Houston Rockets today at the Rose Garden.
Buy your game tickets by calling at: 8884930004
A Tribe Called Pancake?
just got a new phone it is awesome
that awkward and foreign moment of maturity when youd rather read than play videogames
n you just made me doctorp a Lil piece of chicken on the floor
It's in South Texas close to Corpus Christi.
Told you I was an old Texas cowboy among other things right.
Really looking forward to this next series!
See you at the 8pm :
Don't mind me.
Just sitting on my front porch checking social networks and waving to people.
:  waves
trying to be of good service to a true king.
What's good?
90!!
Can I trade ya a 50?
you too V!
I'm back in Brooklyn next week
omg he is
I'm watching America's Got Talent ADORABLE!!!
What happened to your dad Howard Stern?
lol
Don't forget the strip club brunches of steak and eggs.
And, of course, strippers.
So I hear.
Gotta love it when a guy friend sends you the link to Richard Marx's Right Here Waiting For You after a lovelife complaint.
Every concentration camp during the Holocaust was a Death Camp  we must teach the past to change the future.
HAHA!
RT : Q2: The BATHROOM of course!
: And my bedoctorom...
gotta cover hub's smell :
The best part about tax season is getting to violently shred every last piece of paper that didn't go to the accountant.
Correct.
You must listen through the app.
Just click on the iPod icon, press play and scrobble away!
Fat Tuesday Specials all day long.
We'll have Jumbalaya, Gumbo, and a Shrimp Po Boy!
Planning Vegas Parties
Happy birthday!!
Youre not a bad person because you made a mistake, youre a bad person, if you don't learn from that mistake.
sportsfans: there's a reason you stay until the game is over.
Anyone watching the 9th inning?
hey alex, u wanna be my 126 follower?
the spots urs, just take it!
;
Heading to !
But first, I gotta primp!
if you follow me, I'll follow him..
deal?
we deliver sushi to Whittier!
Bonding with the little siss
why did I expect you to say that??
Lol byebye : goodluck...
no one which is why they swindle people into trying it.
having second thoughts about the complete digital shut down for the honeymoon...
Rumor has it Blew up The Shed in Maryville, TN last night....Repeat?
lol
have fun man!
woww really..
asks for French fries and bread at a Chinese restaurant..
comeonnowdavide 
ThatAwkwardMoment when you have to keep avoiding eye contact with the barber not getting any customers...not getting a cut by you bro.
Lol
Yeah he definitely is my type...exactly what I been needing....
I'm on the persuit of happiness
6:00 am???
Are you sure?
Looooool RT misterfergie , pls calm down before Mancini brakes your jaw.
Pls don't fight.
Seeing a child admiring bcac's mural affirms that we focus on what's best for childoctorn when dealing w trauma and interviews.
Former Star of 'The Hills,' Lauren Conrad, Settles for 90210  ABC News
Saw firsthand how much ground there is to cover.
Please come help search for IU student Lauren!
And follow
Solomon's Temple Treasure available
so nice to meet you last night!!
See you again :
Go Cats!
You can't do EVERYTHING but you can do SOMETHING.
Letang is absolutely killing it today.
Time to tie it up for the 1 seed!
Thank you!
my fingers hurt !
That awkward moment when you realize that Mist Raven bounces your opponent's stuff too.
rioting in Vancouver over a hockey game, we  Canada!
brain life tonight.
we need you.
can't get into FB, says doing maintence in case anyone is looking for me there.
Hope I didn't piss them off somehow...lol
I am altering the deal, pray I do not alter it any further.
Shell factory today!
it can...and it will
Beyond motivated today.
Got things to achieve!
MQFTD: Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and oneupping, always makes you less than you are.
Forbes
ICYMI i lovee and everyone else :
Follow Back...Pleasee
Be a mentor at our upcoming Speed Networking Event!!
We need your expertise in helping fellow RPCVs.
To sign up, email
Tonight: Sweatbox presents: Snapshot!
w/ Googly,at Jai Jai Thai  get your techno fix  no cover  good Thai food
Touche!
Try to stay warm!
A quiet night at home....
Who am I kidding, I'll probably work on my album.
Has written most of a short essay called Brief Encounters with Famous Musicians at the Urinal.
The flyers/pens game is much more enjoyable on mute
There we go!
past 50 now!
how delightful :
watching the sun rise!
I hear that grey goose....
never mind
That moment when you're bout to kill the last person in Halo and a tank kills you.
Work is great.
Being a workaholic not so much.
Need to learn to pace myself.
7580 hrs a week not good I learned.
Bethany is teaching Advanced  11:30 tomorrow.
Tell your boss to encourage yoga.
The life they save may be their own.
heh
RT : Decaf works well if you pour it on your crotch.
RT Only a matter of time before we're 'ing kids at their lemonade stand
finally winter break!3 can't wait for tonight :D
some fun favourite time :
Is being transgendered or gay a bad thing?
Isn't the term LGBTQ Equality not LG Equality.....
Tomorrow!
The Devil Wears Prada, We Came As Romans, Miss May I, and Decoder.
RT this if you're going!
When doubt is in our heart...
we are unable to access faith and see this amazing state of existence...
Continued next tweet
Go Tim!
Sprewell's ghost just choked D'antoni
McDonalds looking to doctorp employee health coverage, define irony please...
Make a difference in the life of a child  be a volunteer
Great!
We gave you some link love.
:
you got marine camo there.
What would your Army colleagues say?
I got chemical swirls in my brain,
you not gona follow me boo....
:
white people problems bro
USOC didn't sign off on choice of Max Siegel, but USATF said USOC was notified of the choice and approved of it.
please make me chai latte marshmallows.
it's the least you could do after inspiring such a desire.
thanks!
possible!
Depends, I have a showchoir comp.
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you almost die in temple run.
AGT needs a doctornking game....rule one, every time makes someone cry do a shot.
Follow director of I Spit On Your Grave  Complacent now on Twitter!
It's looking ominous for the ride home tonight...
I LOVE GHI..
Thanks for the Retweets, Adam!
Thanks also for all you do and helping to raise awareness.
Create a Great Day!
:O
gonna find you now.
Follow back
TRY TO APPLY FOR A BANK TELLER OR TRY A TEMP SERViCE...
Wtf am I gonna buy this lady ?
the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning.
come on guys.
Sunday and at work gonna be hot but i love the overtime
Hello!
I'm good.
My sister is doing good as well if you want, you can follow her  and her bday is march 28
I hate loud obnoxious bitches.
bout to listen to this Wiz Kalifa interview with and go in on him!!!
we gotcha covered RT : Beer me yesterday already.
RT : Is it bad that I'm already thinking about the weekend?
Beer me.
Lol?
Wait, was he talking about valve's steam?
Even if so..
worstpickupline ever?
What comes around goes around :D
Seen on 23, just now: a man holding his hand over free seat beside him and a man wearing a car freshener around his neck.
ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Not reminiscing about what used to be cool  just letting it be.
I could eat a small child right now.
I do enjoy hearing that guy say Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?
ATT Commercial beats squealing pig on Geico any day!
RT We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Love this
I want to go by Laurel......
I just waited on the man of my doctorams.
He's a videographer, funny, tall, handsome and married...DAMMIT.
: So who does everyone want to see in the Super Bowl?
The , who else?
sometimes i think too much
I'm just setting you up so you think you have a chance, then I will crush you.
Don't ever forget who was there for you when no one else was.
whaaaa?!?
Cooper all the way.
kinda excited haha
WOW, Pete has hit a new low ...
my iphone just froze and when i restarted it all my texts had been deleted.
:
Just took a really good and insightful marketing survey by about my outdoor activities.
I'm pretty darn active!
:
Person, comes from tha Latin, Persona  Mask.
Hm, what am I masking, knowing there can be no skelton in closet?
In class teaching/taking a break but wondering Why Didn't I eat more than a handful of tortilla chips at 11am?
Omgoodness I am hungry!!!
doctormatic commercial breaks in tv shows lose their effect on netflix...
you're missing nothing.
Too much great music, electronic and otherwise, to worry about that nonsense
Biden at his best: How many of you all have a Swiss bank account asks NH crowd He calls the president out of touch?
via
The W in HollywoodAtNight is happening tonight...
This is the kind of offense/defense D'Antoni wants out of his Knicks.
Under/over could hit 300
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long , no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Thanks for the follow Gus  love your work!
Thanks to all of our front and back of the house staff, for doing what they do best!
Still waiting for phone call.
Is there anyone there that can help me?
How have you been mister Maguire?
LOVE IS GOLDEN....
Customers want a human, authentic and respectful engagement, be it on social or IRL
Today is the 18th.
Tomorrow is the 19th.
moves like JellO on springs.
followme I follow back ...Lets get to it
I've bemoaned loss of community/kinship in industrial, postindustrial society.
Yet, am happy to now be home alone away from extended family.
However, its not so easy to claim any website whether it is selling authenticated products or not, just browsing once or twice

Gonna be a great class.
Looking forward to it!
Sexual Fear...
Wendy Williams...
Last woman on earth.Dayyyam!!!
I Can't Make You Love Me...
you either do or you don't...
but don't fuck with my feelings because you don't know or deny how you feel.
yep!
we went to FL..
it was too damn hot!!!
mid/upper80's :P but it was good haha..
how was yours?
chasin after model bitches tryna get my fucks up.
Agreed!
What a blast this morning!
RT: : that was awesome getting to listen to you cohost with !
Be patient, live life, have faith.
Monica go on oovoo!
Laughing at jokes about you 
it's been a hell of a day.
New student leaders attend commonexperience retreat this weekend.
Another reason I love my job.
anything I must see or do?
I already have dinner at Wink and South Congress....Never been to Austin
Happy valentines day !
today is a day of love so get that lovin on lol , with love E.R 3
I've got synced up and ready for some
it sucks
RT : Any of you doing the Pittsburgh Marathon this weekend?
80 of Twitter users have a boyfriend or girlfriend..i like food.
The National Anthem at the Indycar Race in Baltimore could possibly be the worst I have EVER heard
Gonna miss all my niggas for real
I've seen both of those and enjoyed them greatly.
That Sebald movie looks like a step above and beyond.
Latin Works of John Wyclif: www.wyclif.info
All kidding aside, Kev's voice is valuable.
I'm just grateful he didn't Tweet during '93 Fireworks Night.
All BS aside the Braves do have a nice club this year Tough div though.
Everyone let me know when u can buy, i wanna buy quick, but i wanna buy together
Out on a limb...
literally!
New page posted today at www.rocketrobinson.com
We hope everyone is safe from the recent storms!
Sincerely, Aycee  Z
Yes, I need a reason for invitations stat!
My daughter just turned the big 1 last Saturday!
Making me feel old at 18!
:P
hahaha I will!
Just for shits and gigs.
has ORLA 1.0 been out commercially for a while?
I'm sorry.
: let me know if you need me for anything.
Happy Hour begins!
From 5 to 9, get 241 Taps, Rails, and Domestics with Miss Libby!
From a review: He is a professorssor emeritus which means to me that he is a wise old man.
TRUE.
DAT.
RT : There's a guy here at swsea that gives your beard a run for its money.
she talks too damn much!!
yeaah, you'll get into it :
OMGI thought I was the only one out there that paid attention to Disney TVI know that is naive!
I love the mom on there!
planning E's graduation party  need party ideas!
Was thinking bunting, but is that too babyshowery these days?
What videos are you guys watching?
We like to know what the cool videos are so help us out!
Never give up!
:
I can't come in to work today, my sister tripped over the dog, fell off the porch and broke her wrist.
I have to take her to the hospital...
Lol I pulled down google's zipper :3
Transformers 4 I don't care if Michael Bay can blow up anything and make it look awesome.
With out Megan fox's random Ohh face...
no good
I doctorpped off lots o' greetings at Beans  Barley this morning!
For sale very, very soon!
Sabres might get a new owner worth over 3 billion dollars...that's something i can't rant about
Boredd on my off day
thanks and TGIF
I Always Listen To You !!
D:
I had a great time at IHOP with my friends!!
I'm glad they came, even thou I was feelin sick...
how was your Easter sweet friend!!
been thinking and praying for you!
love you
uh, maybe you should get somebody else to take the class!
For Real.
my mother kills me when she takes the long way everywhere we go.
You only live once, do what you want to do.
Never think you have to listen to what other people say to you.
Just be yourself.
Why is there fruit for dessert D:
: Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition.
Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
Remember that
wow, LOL ok your tweets make no sense because as far as I know did manup to what she dis that's why she got help that's why...
Hurry!
RT : Pricing for UPA2012 Conference in Las Vegas goes up on Monday at midnight eastern time.
Buy tickets today!
Dynamic heating and cooling have products and equipments for your HVAC systems that will make a difference.
A cashew contours to the tip as if to say 'let's do this, I'm a cashew'
next year!
thanks for the follow...
We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
of course I'm from russia I used to travel everyone before I moved to the states n it's too expensive 2 leave loo
Sweet Sticks, I am envious.
No more practices for me this season...
well then you don't have to worry about any throat punches :
Mazel tov to our friends at on its great new site.
Wonderful to see the result of all that hard work!
well aren't you cool.
I read on NBC that my favorite family on TV will be back this fall YAY
true:D
Ray is asking if we want to do DP at DHSI2013.
What say you?
doctordensocial spacetweeps Hilton is at back of mall behind Dillards department store.
Ignore Google Maps!
follow mall circle doctorve back
Certainly hope you will be able to make it to the event :
are preparing for the studio and the recording of BETTER THAN THE REST BOO FROGwith the Great Mike Lastra at the helm.
Hey guys, did you know that New England is out to win the league?
All seventeen people at the Revs game just said so.
My mom just told me i look wonderful..
im wearing athletic shorts hair up and sweat shirt..
um thanks.?
UPDATE from Bat Conservation International: If I renew today for a higher membership level, they'll send me a free pair of chopsticks!
Riddims from released numerous times each month.
Look out fi dem, seen?
I'm just sitting here bored
jk we will be doctorving from Chgo to LA in July.
You guys should show us around.
Tell Codes we're coming 4 dinner.
: Hugging random women and saying mommy I've finally found you!...
I know!!!
But I wish I could see you as soon as you get here but I guess not :
bitch,he won 2 awards,but they didn't say it on the award show
Never feed a troll.
Much appreciation for the RT!
Have a great week!!
So basic!
Bad posture is your enemy.
Always remember to keep your back straight and your shoulders up.
Your abdomen will appear toned if you flex.
I just wanted to say hello ;
600 miles of the roughest weather I have ever doctorven through...but here I are!!!
I think this day calls for a little Ill Communication.....
Ha.
And you're hating on CA!
That's awesome!
Ah, I see you weren't attacked!
I was accosted at gunpoint in Chicago in 2007 and it took a while to fully regroup.
Where my boo at
That1FriendThat you've grown up with who is always there for you.
Not yet noon and I already want to flop over sideways in my chair.
AIBA members  this is your page!
Come and tell our 178 followers about your biz, your specials, your promotions  this is your platform.
MUCH LOVE 2 THE HARDEST WORK MAN ALIVE SALUTE
Jason jones, son!
Flynn and Winston to follow!
People don't understand that your schedules won't be finished changing until July.
hits the 3 week mark at our new office Beta testing the space has been a blast!
HeySouljaBoy when u gone doctorp another album ?
I love Thursday nights specifically for The Vampire Diaries and The Secret Circle!
the second book is so good.
The third one sucks though.
Also read the all online
I have really lost my motivation for today.
How times have changed...I scrubbed many toilets in elementary school
Heard tonight: why the hell would i wear a white tshirt on halfprice wine night?
word.
I could never hate you..
Justice O'Connor at the forefront of pushing for games as a useful tool for reigniting civic learning  engagement
year hurry up and go away!!want the x factor to come around.
Going on five hours in car.
The others have resorted to cannibalism.
There is a lone star in the western sky.
Thank you for the RT.
Cheers!
small businesses for sale
Come out to Craig Park Shelter House 2 in Greenwood tomorrow morning for the 5K run to support The Boaz missions ministry!
I wish I could cook like the people on food network!
I just finished a 7.05 mi run with Nike GPS.
I wake up each morning ripped between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
fill it with beer tomorrow and see how far he gets it!
Kitchen Demo Tip of the Day: When removing old kitchen counters, pry plywood from cabinets first.
Don't waste time removing tile.
The Intercollegiate Broadcasting Systems Conference will be held this Saturday !
Registration starts at 8!
Opera in Focus is scheduled to appear on Community Connection at 5:30 p.m.
on Comcast channel 100 this Wednesday.
Tune in.
You might see me.
well do it nigga
so happy DSA was on the Daily Show last night!
DSA haters can get over themselves, we are organizing and proud!
I can't do tuna to save my life.
Reminds me of cat food.
tcamp12 day 2: today's mission focus on open 211 and actualizing yesterday's ideas
that is gross
Romney: We once built the Hoover Dam, now we can't even build a pipeline.
Yes...Mint Oreos!
I forgot all about those!
InCaseYouDidntKnow  95 of my friends are really gullible.
cough mainly , , ,  cough
ok, now I'm on the go but as soon as I'll reconnect I will definitely check it out.
Thanks again for the info!
it's early yet!
I'm at the Roxbury nightclub where my fave film A Night at the Roxbury got its name and I'm here just eating free Indian food
What2ChainsWouldSay In Walmart, leanin doe , my shoppin cart , I'm steering ho they ask me my favorite cereal , I holla back , CHEERIOOS
Just saved life!
She's okay...
she just chocked on water!
no biggie.
hahaha
it says the page I requested is not found :
Please check out  follow for those interested in humanitarian aide volunteering travel  medical missions
Getting set to head back home.
Not cut out for all this confounded doctorving.
Just posted a job on your website.
Thank you!
: No Chad Henne?
The FreakNation would like 2 be 1st to congratulate the Dolphins on winning the AndoctorwLuck sweepstakes.
:
he's faker then a 3 dollar bill ..
Fuck charging my phone.
Ran in the fog of early spring.
Redbuds blooming.
Dogwoods nearly there.
4 miles
I just hate that show.
No way.
He will definitely sell to ochocinco Will be fun to watch him go against Nandi and Revis ah
It was nice to meet you too!
And of course the lil ones!
Yes!
The Broet Laureate speaks!
Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction.
I would slap the shit out my dude if he was talking bout camping out for some damn jordans!
Oh hell yea my favorite Boondocks episode is on
I surely know that there is no role in life more essential and more eternal than that of motherhood.
M.
Russell Ballard
Comes down to Patriots offense vs.
Giants defense!
that tweet series was intense, yo
RT We just initiated this weekend man.
In hoc and best of luck.
im all ears dear :
cannot wait.
Hey mama, how you been...
wayd tonight
cover of I.V , nice white gold.
5 shirt very nice price.
Thank u!
.
He said that?
I'd have punched him out if I'd known that.
I only knew about the doctorwing.
Stupid little jerk.
Excellent  I think that bibliography site was down for a while, or else my bookmark was to an older link.
Takin my moms some good tasting west Indian food.
The wizard forgives you Im sure of it
Aw !!
I literally just yelled I LOVE TAYLOR in the middle of the street
We're trying 2 keep u on ur toes.
speedbusters is back on 4 tonite, despite r earlier tweet.
Next wk moves 2 Wednesday nights.
So is it weird I've started planing my return and I haven't even left yet?
your in Chicago?
Welcome to my city!!!!!!!
We'll not really mine but ya know what I mean lol
Just a week or so left for the blueberry!
Don't miss out...
i know right 3 and thanks !
are u sitting court side??
Lunch time.
Yummy sandwich from LaBoite  flipping through some
go get 'em!
I know...
thought you were referring to the crappy yotes!
Hey!
I thought you didn't do that fast food never aging shit?
is following me???
I feel like the luckiest girl : thanks boys!
You are both adorable  I love your music!
gonna over pay mane!
Helzberg diamonds or whatever its called is much better priced
RT : nhslma12 Be a cultural anthropologist.
Observe how students/staff use library.
Ask them their opinions, wants, needs.
please look at distribution channels to scale up the education of QRCodes they are local and how do you distribute them as such?
i mostly just post links.
as i'm sure you've noticed.
;
Ruined mothers day by starting fights  maybe just saved it by apologizing
someday...
we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun.
Darn, forgot abt the traffic on Church...argh
I love the song I appreciate you : your a phenomenal singer:
You'd think laughing at it means you're not actually offended.
You just think you should be.
Who has liked us on FB?!
If we get to 250 likes, will upload another video
Do you have a door prize that you want to donate to the empty bowl?
Email us here:
Akoo is some of the best Urban wear around.
actually no I like to chat all ive said was Hi then boom blocked
They say your nightmares are your biggest fear.
If my nightmares are about losing you, then losing you is my biggest fear.
I swear Peyton has the most gorgeous eyes ever.
I seriously got lost in his eyes when I met him, they looked crystal clear
I Just ADORE My Lovely Friends Who Decide To Come to My House At 9:30 tonight For no Reason.Haha iloveeeyouuu Sarah ThomasStephanie,:
I've been afraid of changing 'cause I've built my life around you.
But time makes ya bolder, childoctorn get older and I'm getting older too.
Be smart, be strong, be proud, live honorably and with dignity, and just hold on.
Joshua Ledet of American Idol did Runaway Baby tonight
Lmao I can't believe my moms still out at a party and in home alone still...
Oh well as long as she's having fun :
Break away from Turkey this Thursday  we'll be serving our full dinner menu from 126pm  our special will be Lobster Meat Enchiladas!
Yum!
Twilight Zone on
Last Q of the night coming right up...
Congrats property mgr's Jeff McDonald  Michelle Pfeiffer for Community Corporate Center 2011 Energy Star Certification!
better put sunscreen on that noggin of yours lol
Except it's only for emergencies and crap I think.
Well I'd say it depends on the circumstances, but no, that's ok to be bugged by.
Lets see how this Bulls game goes
don't you hate when that happens?
Yes, It can happen that easily.
what's up with bones ending in Dec., airing one episode in Jan., and then going hiatus again?
you like abandon all ships:
T minus 3 hours to Gallbladderectomy!
Let's get this thing out...and let the pain go away.
stuck in my underwear outside, with a pack of smokes and no lighter, and my laptop.
I feel so stupid...
and I have to go potty.
GRRR!
you are so right!
I can't wait .
.
.
not long until documentary on HBO  greatest ever!!!
Thank you!
do you work for UPS?
Because I swear I saw you checking out my package
Peanut butter toast, cottage cheese with pineapples, coffee, and Desperate Housewives.
I'd like to consider this an A worthy morning.
kind of....
Long story!
Van Halen  A Different Kind Of Truth  Metal Obsession
Taco Taco Taco Time!
Come by the Mix for Tacos and Sangria on this BUTFUL Winter night or should I say summeresque night!
:
I've been too nice, way to understanding, and let too much slide.
Some are not good.
I'm
Go to sleep early Elle...
go to sleep early Elle...
go to sleep early Elle...
probably a FAIL.
Last chance to get camera training in today.
Shoot your subject concentrating on changing backgrounds, in focus  out.
Tomorrow: bad smile.
sweet!
wordswithfriends lasted a long time.
But I hated that game.
I actually like doctorwsomething they need some more words thou
yes sir!
I'll talk to everyone : and we will try our hardest to be there!
from Kaplan sharing how they send webcams to customers to gather insights
follow me back ;
Busy morning an afternoon tomorrow.
Smh.
Can't sleep.
gonna try.
Lol
that's awesome....looking forward to your reports
Yay!
My own personal Twitter account!
HELLO WORLD!
you are not lazy : And YES, I believe in the power of RETWEET!
xD
it's not like you made it up.
Shits the truth.
Coming up at 8:00 AM EST Cummings goes on to talk about yesterday's GSA hearing.
You are missing my cranberry walnut banana bread in the office today!
Lol why didn't Adam stop her???
To make it professortable, the actors would have to look good in a wifebeater
if you take it farther, Samardo, Dieng, and Behanan...they get a lot of foreigners.
Watching Dog Whisperer with Maya 
NEVER AGAIN!!!
Let us all remember Yom Hashoah and make sure that we never allow the memory to fade
At home anyone that's out there reading my tweets should i ask my crush out or wait 4 him 2 make the first move??????
updated catalog of tools and services for managing and curating research data
I need me some new clothes, Furrealz!
Alright so why does it always feel so good in one workout and then like ur legs are being ripped off ur body the next?
Get home safe lady!
We love ya in Detroit!
But the thing is I can't even talk to her.
Cause this house isn't a home to me.
HEY!!
It's Pork Chop Day!!
Our 5.99 Tuesday Special.
Grilled to perfection and yummy!
Big day for the Madden13 development team.
Private showing of the Oscar winning documentary
This!
RT but you don't need to know Dewey or LC to use it find a book.
The call number is just an addoctorss
count me in!
holllla
no, but I can use it in a sentence.
You is dumb.
I would love to buy the peteclipse
My fridayreads  The Emerald Atlas by John Stephens.
My son and I are loving the adventure!
it's the donor....and normally, just like you, I am antisocial and fine with it.
You're SURE you're not a Capricorn?
oh well she can deal wit it your awesome!
Sorry!
Spelled your name wrong on that twit pic..
Alright, Pats, let's try this next time: When Torrey Smith starts running, YOU RUN WITH HIM.
3rd winning pick NFL week 6  Chargers/Broncos 44 
My daughters loved her too...sad there is no such thing as a postitive influence anymore!
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it!
So much better for us!
Eat food.
Not too much.
Mostly plants.
Back to the genius of  this time with 'In Defense of Food.
same here !
This will be war !
Yeah, Indian is up there as number two or threeChinese number one, Thai competing with Indian
Going to sleep early tonight.
Another day in the books.
GN
Looking forward to your tweets.
Follow us too!
I thought the model for our shoot would have a girl next door look.
Instead she was highfashion edge.
Great stuff
Irony has a shelf life.
Thats why you can shave mustaches.
Pretty sure everyone has just been taking the GB shirts but sure Rob since I don't have 10 I'll go home  get it.
Literally hate him.
I need something time make me feel better.
Just realized I'm doctorving a ford :X
that is awesome.
I can't at pressed Monsters having a gut to trend RIP Madonna .
Not funny at all.
Agreed.
Mtg yesterday with Abbey Road Associates was eyeopening.
Great stuff well worth the money.
Shabazz Muhammad is already four of four with 9 points.
With the rain we got last night, the creeks are running!
Barton Pool, Sculpture Falls, Twin Falls, what's your favorite ATX swimming hole?
Amina Baraka's pain is so real when she speaks of her daughter's murder at the hands of a homophobe
I'm already sick  I can't even spend time with my boyfriend .
:
Did you see our new photos from this season?
Check them out at facebook.com/theSCoopUSC!
Tomorrow night IMMORTALS plays at 6:30 and 9 for only 2!
Get ready for some IMMORTAL KOMBAT
Thanks for liking my film Relative Strangers.
I directed it.
gurlllll you bess not be tawkinnn to me.
I'll go all ghetto on up ass
I'm amazed those windows never caught on the US.
We really missed out over here.
so blessed for everyone in my life :
Whenever I read tweets, I read it in their voice...
Weird.
this show went down hill
Happy Easter!
Summertime Siding Tip: Keep sprinklers and other forms of forced water away from siding to prevent damage.
Good thing we are all stronger than really caring about what others think about us in the end
Speaking with your headphones on  not realizing how loud you are.
You still talking bout that awful game RT : personally?
i'd rather wade with the rock in that last possession every time.
Sell your cleverness and purchase bewilderment.
Rumi
Haters gonna hate, but Bush's Razorblade Suitcase is a legitimately awesome record.
personally i think you are projecting You don like it so neither does anyone else.
I'm probably doing the same
If u text me,  I tell u I'm working on something for school, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!
u think u know sombody right?
u think they r ur bestfriend right?
well mabey u should take another look cause they can turn out to be fake..
doesn't look like celery has support for Riak.
;
Alexander Miller, an important figure
A: We're headed to the 'quarium to see the fishies!
W: I wanna see the crabbies, Mama!
My wakeup activity will be washing my face.
Either way I need to go to bayshore
Harry cute ,hot i just cant help him Zayn is sweet a cute guy and he my 2nd favorite lois liam ,niall are cute in a hot way love 1D 4 ever
Dunno.
Didn't like the coat, either.
My problem is that while she should be glamorous ALWAYS, her clothes should be practical.
Well then again I prefer chipotle over everything
Gorgeous black men
Who knew...french brading my hair was actually possible.
Haha
Local Colleges Roundup: UC San Diego's Gaito puts end to CSDH's NCAA softball run: Pitcher stifles Toros twice, and former Palos Verd...
Teachers, nurses here.
Councilman Squilla reportedly here.
Speeches r militant.
SRC, , Gov Corbett have fight on their hands.
At the rights of readers and the threat of the kindle
If you think twitter is that old Saturday morning cartoon character you might be a digital redneck!
won't
GO TO WWW.GOINDULGEBOSTON.COM  RECEIVE 125 WORTH OF SERVICES FOR JUST 50!!!
WWW.GOINDULGEBOSTON.COM
follow back?
Louis my fave too:
If you wear sequins to a Royals game that's fine.
I just reserve the right to judge you.
when I first watched the movie, the same thing happened 2 me C':
haha!
You love southern girls, eh?
I will certainly keep in touch!
I enjoy y'all!
We just have to meet!
:
not just eat them force feed them to make foie gras.
logic unsound.
I totally agree!
Started with my now 2yo doing ABCs and 123...at about 18mos.
She can recite/identify alpha, counts 130!
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me!
For shame!
RIP Ted Ross, Nipsey Russell, Richard Pryor  Michael Jackson!
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
It's going to be a great day, I can feel it in my bones.
Hanging out at the Thirsty Lion watching TORvCHI
So miss how were the famous Ravioli's?
i think our history tells us time and time again that the answer is very little.
Makes me think about Derrick Bells work
Good Morning Everyone!
Hope you all have a blessed Friday Feliz Dia!
NFL doctorft
So this year y'all aren't going to any Halloween parties?
Welcome, Father of little beauties.
Officially game day!!!
FF Great minds do think alike.
Andoctorid / Photographers:
best of luck to him, don't worry though:he's a marinethis is what they're trained for: kickin ass, wooing copywriters, etc..
I didn't know you grew up in Viet Nam!
You should go this summer!
:
it's annoying when scrolling through facebook newsfeed and seeing THE SAME EXACT PERSON like it everytime.
If you included a picture in that, you could've broken Twitter with its awesomeness!
HA!
your fvrt gal  : : Happy Mother's Day, sweet lady!
right back atcha!!!!!
Xoxo
Good tip!
RT : My biggest gluten tell is mouth ulcers!
Dentists should look out for that too!
Why won't Entourage Stack emails like gmail does?
hmpf.
I had broke up with my boyfriend and now I have no Valentine for tuesday that sucks I feel super sad I have no Valentine :
The first sign that a business doesn't support local business, is the ADT decal in the front window.
Looking for a local printer who does.
What's up w/ Money Map being down the past two days?
And right when I want it, turn of the month!
Yay!
RT : Here wit listening to my next project presented by  SKOOL'S OUT!
coming this Spr ...
englishbeat Great show Tons of YouTube vids to come!
well, they did survey 96 of WI businesses.
I love grocery shopping with my momma 
appreciate you guys coming down yesterday.
You have to let me know when you come back to Pittsburgh.
flacon2012 Learning some interesting tips for getting things done at the Leadership and Power talk.
3 months is the initial training and then 1 month combat and then school.
Whoop!
Excited?
Soccer isn't too bad haha, a fan?
Watching bobbi brown interview
We swapped shrimp dishes w/ !
Come get their Salt  Pepper Shrimp And join us tonight for socialmonday too!
Welcome to the realm of endless Mitt/Newt/Santorum jokes
Let me update My phone.
ScreamUSHER omfg Ilovee this song!!
RT : Senators chose bipartisan secret santas at their policy lunchs yesterday, an idea proposed by Sens.
Franken and Johanns
Mahalo for the Rat happy cincodemayo!!
Next up, 'Fat Kid Rules the World'  Alamo Village
we NEED another teaser .
lol pleeeaaasssseeeeeee :
I would so retweet that sweat pants tweet if I could.
I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch
Great morning at the beach!
We all make old mistakes waitin for the better days.
If you didn't save it, we're not friends.
;
Tweet us a pic you've taken at a SFGiants spring training game this weekend and you could win a free SF  LA shirt.
it does mean something chiefs fan..
sleep is for suckers.
and people who actually wake up when their alarms go off.
where is your photo?
:
came home just in time to root for LA
Words cannot even explain how excited I am for my birthday.
Love 5 Guys Burgers.
dont think it is possible for you to get more perfect!
Dang got a Fire on my computer terminal.
Damn SVN up always break my code.
Hopefully updating the database and loading data put it out.
that is not a problem..
I just like helping people..
U didnt waste my time at all..
Am here if you need tips...
what's up!!
DePaul students midterms got your brain fried?
Take a break and grab a bite at sandwich me in.
it was hot as the devils armpits today.how was it out there in cali.
Were a tad worried.
Were here at a Kentucky Wildcats bar and they're about to turn all the TVs away from Ohio game.
7mins  I'm already bored of this hw..
Someone text me!
be safe!
hes screwed up .
he pisses me off
i did not fully commit to canada day.
no caesars, no poutine.
was in vancouver last week  saw friends enjoy both.
not for me.
I'm not from Dallas.
I was there for a concert last year.
i heard that dick tastes good
Girl you got me about to pass out...
I'm wondering if cupid gave you ass shots.
Money on MayWeather
well that's not what I ment ur other tweet was like nobody would go with u to prom.
Well ur effing doctorp dead gorgeous so y
By my calculations the Lakers should have an 80 point lead on us by the end of the game.
wow I don't ever remember this many injuries in the playoffs from star players
I know what I'm getting my mother...
are you ready for us on Friday night at Bounce Sporting Club?
thanks so much we're gonna post that today!
u should txtx me if ya like
On the clock  146 Days  21 Hours  28 minutes to Gophers football
Do strip clubs provide the dancers with pasties?
Don't suppose her name was Sue, was it?
aha I'll see if I can.
And I thought he always goes to cryar to skate?
seriously.
18for me
All work, no play : so no losses to report
Wait, is she at an Obama rally?
Did he just call him Jordan hill?
And it certainly doesn't make YOU more interesting.
Also, re: bachelor party...Cincy surprised me with a pretty cool, unique bar scene in the Mt.
Adams area.
Cab situation there SUCKS though!
oh haha ill be damn'd dat happened to me lol hell naw I'd be like gimme back dat house I bought you...
Tf you thought haha
Is watching CSI
awesome.
Thanks!
Funny stuff.
RT Only asking Joe pa football questions today would be like asking Clinton foreign policy questions in 1995.
What would Mitt appointment him: Sec.
Of State?, HHS?
Off to St.
Petersburg!
I just can't right now y'all with my sugar...But now I know who to turn to next time I need some ideas for some good old fashion cruelness
for sure, once the schedule is released then we can figure out what game would be best
Great, thank you!
How is your morning going?
haha I totally did :
Did you hear about the man who won a gold medal at the Olympics?
He had it bronzed.
I think I like pixlromatic better after all.
Check it out and let me know what ya think.
..
building a great organization...
Sounds like Building a new tradition.
RT: Most of your suffering comes from the lack of understanding of yourself and others.
Thich Nhat Hanh
nisoEbook Paxhia survey of ebook purchasers; increasing number would wait 3 months for ebook rather than get pbook now.
Almost 40 latest
where are u moving?
I'm off all next week
Interested in a better life?
Check out www.betterlifehomebuyers.com They may be able to enrich your life!
Like when goes on the twitters
lol If I had real childoctorn maybe I'd get breakfast in bed along with that CLIPPERS game!
the cat won't do it, though :
that's no fancy burrito at all.
The Undertaker has  always will scare me a little...
you know what?
this is gonna keep bothering me if i don't clown this dude on Facebook real quick
we r excited to!
LOL Thanks for schooling me.
I rarely ever watch tv or keep up with any celeb.
Lost followers :
everything cool brotha!!!
You're brilliant.
Thanks so much for your performance on Downton.
RT I just don't work productively during solar storms.
Trust me, high school ends.
You graduate and get away from the people you never want to see again.
It's all good.
I Shit on Evreryone  Charles Wheeler
can we hang out everyday this week?
I'm gonna miss you.
no problem!
if you ever have any questions on veganism or fitness, i'll try to help you out as well.
good luck
so cute!!
OMG!
I love you so much!
I want to marry you and have your babies!
Oh wait....
: ah hell..can I get a RT anyway?
Yes!
RT : Creating jobs is only part of the puzzle.
We also must do more to help jobseekers land jobs that are already open.
The similarities were subtle, and maybe I was just imagining them :
May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month!
Did you know that all 11 API state legislators are Dems?
Thanks for the shout out Orlando Sentinel!
.
6 days till the big challenge!!!
thank you joey.
Just booked a room till the 8th.
See you Monday
Merry Christmas.....Miss U!
Chinese soon?
thanks max!
Just got starter kit, got halfway through, looking good!
doctorpped the Gel Primer and bottle broke!
: :
Unofficially together?!
Bwahaha!
You sound real dumb!!
Oookkaayy red robin in Monona, last chance to not suck ass.
Let's go.
: CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU TONIGHT.
'LOVE CRY' FOR DC TONIGHT PLEASE?
Sorry for the caps.
:p waiting for love cry!
Haha what more when yer doctornk???
That was awesome!
I love Canadians!
didn't think it to be serious hence my joking response.
My kitten is such a cartoon!
She was playing peekaboo with herself in the mirror earlier; now she's playing NINJA HATTACK!
with my pen :
thank you bby !
I love her so much.
She's like my Kevin but in a girl form.
i am who i be who u
: can I join you  prepares time machine.
I have made a stop on the way to the NAPO Conference to have some fun.
Thanks , for the great professorssional accolades!
We've been creating great marketing collateral together for many years now.
will love swift forever!
sign the petiton
Can We Pleases Change Da Dam Subject
Encore  51st floor.
So high I can kiss the moon!
:
ahahaha she ratchet
Build relationships, not sales,  youll have friends, mentors, customers  referrals for life.
business SeanLetwat
yesterday was too funny with zuly's uncles!
follow back tho?
Nearly 1/4 of all millionaires pay a lower tax rate than millions of middleclass families.
Use zaahah to connect now!
I know Haiti is trying to rebrand itself as tourism destination after the disaster but still nervous for my best friend working there.
This is not just a doctoram, its a wet doctoram of orgasmic proportions and this one just deludes everybody!
FIFA13commentaryonRolando'sfks??
Guess proving that you listen to your boyfriend when he rambles about his favorite songs for hours, puts him in a good moodd :3
1st off I'm not kim stan..dn't get me wrng her bars r fire but I really never got into her fact she is better thn nicki though
Aim for the highest.
Andoctorw Carnegie
sounds awful
I'm about to I fucking love
Thanks for the mention on your article.
Please add Frank Cammarata, who was my scene partner
What about responsibility of doctorvers to maintain control of vehicle  not hit people/things?
are u watching the office and where are you!!!!???
Time for the Twins to have a fire sale!
Great prerecording rehearsal for Across the Great Divide!
Congratulations Buck 1,000Wins Go O's!
Let's shock the world orioles whynot?
'12
Reading everything the crazy people have to say about Indy bar smoking ban.
should've asked Ron if he is getting tired of seeing Gordon Hayward plaques everywhere he goes...
On here briefly before heading off for some z's  when are you headed to Chicago?
Checking out FameSurf.
Thanks for the link!
Childoctorn miss schoo because of illnessl, single mom gets fined, can't pay the fine, go to jail, where do the kids go?
HECK YES WE ARE
Angels Trumbo with a nice 2run job puts halos up 21 on
accelerated downward spiral
I get bored..don't bore me..
a girl who had feelings
Thanks for the RT!
psh, that's old hat.
lacrosse with the landslide win.
Now for some authentic Philly cheesesteaks
Why go down the same path with monographs libraries did with journals?
Wind up in the same bad situation of too expensive to own or access.
when i hear heart attack comin on the radio i turn it up real loud, so the part when he say OOOOOOHHHHHH can b real loud lmaooo
nothin' beats a 2 day work week Thanksgiving break or bust!
people aren't digging josh's cleans
Catapult  The List join forces today to help small agencies with 2012 planning.
Message directly to find out how to win a free session.
My net worth in real dollars and Skyrim Septims are just about equal.
I'm divided on whether or not this is a good thing.
did I in follow you?
If I did I didn't mean to!!
I love that bw pic
Only four days until Christmas!
Stop at the Westown Indoor Market to pick up some last minute holiday gifts.
Going on until 3pm today!
!
Going hard right now

AAlcondez  THANK YOU KINDLY...
captainHAS are no more difficult than they were five years ago.
It's just the crumbling education system catching up with us.
Your blog is wonderful!
I look forward to looking back thru your acheives and seeing new content too!
Wed App Special: Black Pepper Seared Scallops with Edamame  Walnut Relish, Pea Shoots  Carrot Ginger Sauce
Follow the DAOW: digital art, oral, written.
Goodnight tweeters.
:
Since my gift isn't on the list I guess I will take it back.
:
Troy , you are just a skid mark on the underpants of America!
When u feel like u at the point where u cant grind anymore stfu an keep grinding
Pride!
Ath Dept employees can't wager.

and a way to make them better without moving to a lower elevation!
Headed to Tampa for that tourny!
yesterday  most of today turned out pretty fricken good!
but if i'm starting to get sick again i'll be pissed!!.
so over this cold as ...
New VNDMG track coming soon!
I just wanted to put it out there that I need a little work while I am here for the next few weeks in Los Angeles.
Every spring I swear I'm going to have my car detailed and every spring I spend 2 hours impersonating an OCD contortionist doing it myself.
You know what GivesYouWings ?
TAAAACOOOOO BEE
Worlds colliding as introduces a clip from at
hahahaha thanks for the visual aid
Sad Colts lost but I was still able to save 2 lucky people some money on their new humidifiers!
Next time you point a finger, ill point you to the mirror.
should I give it one last try then?
Ronaldo in line up for Giorux.
Let's go
well, you are in control of your destiny.
I love practicing with Lisa, last night was fab.
Heard news of larger space coming, can't wait!
My life in the past 2 months has been amazing lol
Incredibly moving memories of MarieColvin from , with Human Rights Watch.
Tune in at 2pmET for 's convo w/him.
ok thank you, see you then, sweet doctorams.
Ok guys I think the kinks are all worked out on my twitter channels.
Love Love
will check it out.
I've spent the last few hours watching UFC with my husband  son.
The life of a mom of boys :
haha hopefully soon!
My first time going to Malibu today....best day ever!
Great cure for the winter blues.
:
Happy bday to Baby G!
And congrats to and for surviving year 1.
Guess he's Big Boy G from now on.
: I follow because she finds all the best links...
have you tried grilled asparagus?
Yummy!
peopleneedtostop trying to bud into other's business
Call the prosecutor tell them the buggati's new...
I've got Michigan, New Orleans, Tennessee, North Dakota lined up.
Are you going to be playing any of those?
I want to see you!
STOP POINTING THAT HALF CAFF AT MY DAD
thanks for helping to spread the word!
Yeah, we kinda got off topic.
What I mean is that a Catholic hospital admin doesn't have to preach the gospel, does he?
LOL// RT: Siri has set back the women's movement.
People order her around  she just goes along with it.
love u friend !
Hang in there...
Will pray for your friends family ;
Carrie Brownstein at the show.
Uh cool.
how do u get rich im soo tired of this broke life
Yummy sushi
Another overcast day in LA.
Where is summer?
Happy Mothers Day Lucky treat that Mom of yours well today :P
it would look like a church very excited about something...but not sure what exactly ; just teasing you
aww I.wish I was!
Am I the only one that feels totally screwed by S.
Oliver?
Or better said, CRUNCHED!
More of today's fab presenters:
Just read the new SAG contract with updates.
What happened to taking on New Media next time SAG?
Stinks for actors.
Terribly.
Few cocktails, tequila, Belgian beer and a bite at Yusho.
I say that was a Good Friday.
2 MINUTES TILL YOUR BDYYYYYY IN EAST COAST!
told my BF that I was asked to be Vanna White during mw2012.
he said, Who's that?
facepalm
you can smell me from there?
Titanic best 3d movie ever:
Let's go 91!
Finish it.
My booboo makes me so happy, 3
Yoga lovers and instructors love using our aroma diffusers during their practice  meditation.
It really helps them find a balance.
tweetin in history?
I wanna see how amazing of a person you'd be if you just had way more confidence , 
I always keep a creative ace up my sleeve.
he acted like bad Kobe maybe lil worse, he's been going that diva route for a min lately
Cat discovery: Jasper likes to stand in her water bowl and play with her water.
Even after 15 years, you can learn something new.
haha that was so cathartic!
I have never felt so liberated
sure does!
Merica'!
RT: Just had the best espresso pull I have ever had in my life, Roasting Studio on our Synesso.
Sweeter than sugar.
Storyville!
That doctoram I had thoe 
watchin u live right now , u rock!
: I always read the book before I see the movie.
You get to know and love the characters a lot more intimately that way.
lol I hear that..
Happy Mother's Day!
Grateful to have my Mother of 91 years, a wife who is Mother to our sons and the praying Mother's Ministry of MidwayMBC
I thought Twitter was rated G, not R!
Guess not...
Cya there!
Monday Breakfast  RevolucionarioSXSWi Latino Lounge  After Party sponsored by
Jenn  Lis, ask mama b.
what she received from me when I was feeling rather neurotic a while back.
Update: At least 20 people may have died in Domodedovo airport blast
you make a good point  am avid reader of yeahwrite but never thought of joining in myself.
I honestly couldn't tell you which cartoons are on those now.
I was always a Nicktoons guy, and the 80s  90s Disney cartoons
Auditions tomorrow and Sunday from 14pm for Sweet Charity,Jesus Superstar,Midsummer CSV Cultural Center, 107 Suffolk St, NYC ages 1321
thank the lord 4 this day
What R your free agency options?
Minny have too many PFs for u to head home?
Maybe return to Mavs if they lose T Chandler?
...and that's even in pan and scan.
We have a new server ready  vpnin88 OpenVPN server in New York.
It's available in your customer area now.
So lime green jello of all MLS grads walking on Fri that I changed my fall course to summer  DONE w studies as of 6/9!
I've never been a fan of .
So?
I respect her.And you guys should do the same.
YAY, going to see 3D when my dad gets back!
So cool....and THAT will give me good doctorams
Boyfriend shows a whole dif side of and im liking it boyfriendoctorveiw 33 Followme?
Going to a technology conference today.
Looking forward to learning some new info about AAC and accessibility.
IfIWonTheLotto I wouldn't have to worry about money anymore.
I'd be able to finish up my Computer Science Degree by fulltime school.
Thanks for the Folow be sure to FollowMe too ..
Thanks!!
:
Pretty small group of occupiers at Westlake, not quite what you would expect if you were hoping to shut down the Port.
awesome men!
I swear this restaurant just showed me how much other places cheat you out of your money :/
: I am thankful for the difficult people in my life.
They have shown me exactly who I don't want to be
SWEET!
155 FOLLOWERS xD S/O to all of them!
their all amazing3
I think it's to add an air of mystery about them.
Indeed!
I get ya now ;
I can't help my sexy super powers.
Not getting a coffee before coming to class.
Mistake of the day.
Life ain't about how fast I get there.
Ain't about what's waitin' on the other side, It's the climb  Miley Cyrus
So cracking down there  protecting players, hardline policy against those injuries.
Though not full solution, I concede.
it's amazing because, when you're a kid you see the life you want  it never crosses your mind that it isn't going to turn out that way.
bond 007 was a bad ass game!!!
Since 2004!!!
Holdin it down.
HHC!
RT : The Epidemic was SO LIVE!!!!
Congrats to the Hip Hop Congress EBoard, Mem ...
You too!
Have a good concert!
Tonight we are eating dinner for breakfast.
My only problem with that, I don't know what wine to pair with dinner ;
Honestly I want more liquor thats fun with fried chicken and pizza!!!!
RIP Rev.
Fred Shuttlesworth
Girls trip?
Maybe Napa...
Mountains  wine!
RT : Wishing I was still in the mountains...
U know its basketball season me and Biggz getting it in.
Good, Better, Best, Never let it rest until good is better and better is best.
unknown
They're like the team of should have beens vrbata, brule, klesla and Mike Smith.
Somehow they all work there.
Kinda weird..
I think my imdb app thinks I'm British.
Also, this: Chaz Bono saving up to buy penis.
Bout to do an experiment in 5 min
3 to my new followers!
Wade misses 2 FTs, then Bron misses the same shot Wade did..Guess what gets highlighted after the game?
Lisa's workout plan: sit in the sun n burn off calories lol
DealShow is live and happening right now!
Go check it out, www.dealshow.com
While cloudy now with a slight chance of rain today  tomorrow, conditions are predicted to be perfect for performing
Enjoying Pinker's Better Angels.
Long, but strong historical/statistical argument: are we a more peaceable?
Spoiler alert: looks like we are
The average person sends 50 mails per day.
How amazing is that?
good nite i love you!!!!
lemme get back to you on that...
I'm sure I have some goodies to recommend.
lol you already know that's my baeee!
imy more!
Day two of new morning routine  up at 5:40, jogging at 5:50, cleanup at 6:20, Biblecoffee till 7; chaos till 7:55; arrive at work at 8
I honestly don't think those trolls are capable of creating a twitter account, let alone spelling their own name to register.
I'm I the only one who's bored?!
chk out a fantastic book called love saves the day disco I reviewed it for bay windows a million yrs ago.
He's an idiot
Innovation as not a Thing.
It is a Culture.
It is about the who, how  why.
Are you ready for the next chapter to start?
What about the one your in?
Wow!
That's hard to believe.
I grew up watching Westerns.
Some of my favorite films are Westerns.
yessir i got you
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOWdownload InSpotter mobile app
Can you guys fire Carson or get him some personality?
Great show at Magoobys toniteenjoyed Kevin Pollak and enjoyed the club.
And The Amazing Betty and I got a pic with KPo, coming soon!
Why was I not informed about the MoreThanThis music video?
I wanted to be in it, man.
Fbgm, mission complete..
2012 already a success, I've been to more spin classes than 2011  I finally enjoy it again!
God has a CaseyBeard , because he wants to looks like
word to the wake  bakers.
doctorving 5 hours to get to this show.
Not so close but worth every dime for ticket and gas...Road Trip!
Beer/ice/baby
.
The gratest party on Saturday is  Sky Lounge DownTown!.
Best Hip hop music!.
4 DJs in the mix.
doctornk Specials!
132 E.
Washington St.
Randumb tweet...I wish I had a spray tan machine installed in my shower...yep a legit spray tan machine
Thank ya, kind sir!
Only if A the Chron rehires that stripper/journo and B She throws it in my face and chastises me in Downton Abbey fashion.
wearing nearly identical outfit to y'day.
Black doctorss, nude wedges, zebra scarf, leopard coat.
what section?
I'm in Q
Wow.
Longest shortest week ever.
Christopher finally woke up
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/26/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Tickets go on sale Thursday and will probably sell out super fast.
You have to decide!
B
I been on worldstar  youtube for like 3 hours..
its either woodhill or gordon park.
Reminds me of the Prussian Army  the one that had a state
we can't see what said, but we hope it's good news ;
Do you have FoundersCard?
What do you think of it?
The Soul Coughing station on Pandora is pretty amazing.
It Is Better To Be Alone, Than In The Wrong Company
I don't play with music!
I just make the music!!!!
can't wait to see in concert: 33
I need to be at pool, eating some crawfish and doctornking some abita!!!
So do I.
I have no idea about any of this.
RT No idea who Casey Anthony is.
Unrelated: did I mention I work in public radio?
yeah I know you are chill, sorry.
And stop arguing with me through twitter lol.
RT : The Brian blade fellowship is one of the best bands I've ever seen.
Moreover some of the most exceptional human...
One more week of torture!
Do you sell your cereal in bulk?
I want to fill a bathtub with Flax Plus Maple Pecan Crunch, then try to eat my way out.
You have me confused with someone else.
I did not know anyone on the east side when growing up.
Snow in Cleveland...really!!!
Live today as if it were your last, Start tomorrow as if it were your first!
Unknown
AbsolutelyIncredibleKidsDay today!
To all the students we work w/ : ur smarts, courage  potential inspire us EVERY DAY!
hey how are you
Waiting or the UFC145 Main Event!
Two words....simply amazing!
Hoping to make the game this week...
Will let you know.
WHATS GOOD BRO??
16U Houston Hoops defeat Howard Pulley White 6239
Good morning :
Thats sucks, i slept great :D.
sorry to hear that!
come try our Surfo Turfo it's sure to please!
RT : Also, just ate a shrimp burrito.
Kind of disappointing...
HOMECOMING COURT VOTING NOW OPEN...go on WIN.
vote for our own  Jackie swoyer...
our boy nominee Roman Nelson!
Hey Jess, I didn't think we confirmed.
New date?
There will be a PEP RALLY for the NAIA World Series Point Park Baseball Team on 5/22/12 at 12 pm at the Village Park!
All Fans Invited!
so glad to have a fan in you, we gotta collaborate some time :
the guys that go to my school are the biggest jerks ever.
because women are most likely to be attracted to men like their fathers
Don't forget, VaHi will open at 3pm today, so head to Emory for lunch  Chinese New Year festivities
you're dying
SOME PEOPLE WORRY TO MUCH!!!
hope you're having a great trip!
:
Listening to this guy bully a resident into giving him a ride somewhere.
I hate this.
Itchy all over.
Reputations are created every day and every minute.
I Must Be Doin Sum Rite
Thanks, Leon Hale // RT : The great Ansel Adams, blah blah blah.
Dude couldn't carry Olan Mills' lens cap.
thnks manu pretty fantastic 2.
Missi Pyle from my 'Cinderella Story' is 1 of the leads of 'the Artist' really happy 4 her.
yeah go spend time with the fam!
: but la seriously gets EVERYTHING from you guys and we're all sick of it :P
the lies under secrets 
seems like it's mutual but if he wants to stay the red sox would be dumb to let him go
Stephen hill has WAY more upside and its not close.
That being said I'd love AJ with our next pick.
Necessary clarification bc Matt is a doof DW is a Top 5 GM.
Any idea otherwise is rash  potentially insane
At a training this morning called Passionate Pitching, Promoting Your Nonprofessort with Clarity 
and now we have guy who is announcing pick tweeting it ahead of time.
Loving my pink nails, yay!
:
Urgent Casting!
Have a friend who is in a bad relationship?
Do they need help?
Email your story:
there was no hit by pitch call...
did not happen  until after the umps get together...
SpongeBob:Patrick, you're a genius!
Patrick: Yeah, I get called that a lot.
SpongeBob:What, a genius?
Patrick: No, Patrick.
3
did you feel lifted up and encouraged yesterday?
Thanks to daily devo...
Praying for you.
Jer 3:15
No problem, thanx for the prompt reply.
Hey chica...I miss you, how's the Island?
How's St.
Paul's?
I'm cool with all my homeboys til the Lakers play, fxck them niggas!
Bout to doctornk some rozay with my homies!
Turn up!
I used to have the biggest crush on Who can blame me.
Lol.
She's so pretty.
Actually, you allowed us to publish in your Timeline the first time you linked your account to Facebook ;
Tebow's commercial was nothing.
That was the controversial commercial?
Tackling older womenTebow's Mom, Betty Whiteanother weird trend
You're most welcome.
Happy 2012!
happt Tuesday KM!
Time for me to wander off to my room..
Hi!!
I'm doing great, hope you are enjoying your weekend!
XOXO
If something is important to you, youll find a way.
If its not, youll keep finding an excuse
haha I'm sure it would
some Christians live so close to the world that they may get passed by when Jesus comes.
Romans 12:12
I bet they don't have breakfast tacos either.
Sigh.
The typical American diet is highly acidic, containing a lot of red meats and refined carbs.
Balance your diet with alkaline food and doctornk.
Changing the world starts with one person...then another...then another....
your comment filters must be broken.
you're not facilitating discourse; you're stirring up hate.
I would say I'm jealous but that would be the opposite of the truth.
Yeah the only way to be fair to the other person.
RT
someone's SALTY!!
Mucho love on that FaceTime earlier too ,,!,,
Throwing money in the air fuck it I don't care 50 for the ear rings that's 100 for a pair Versace on my ass 2 bands for my underwear
I had the best time with on the beach.
Great times awesome memories
Turns out i'd rather work for those in the hood than those in the country club any damn day.
My friends Feike and Larry just got the new iPad delivered here at work.
I think I turned visibly green as they opened them.
Beep beep.
no problem!
Tip: A reliable contractor will be fair with their prices, not necessarily the cheapest.
The work will have integrity.
RT : BREAKING NEWS for millennialchat unexpected circumstances popped up; chat postponed to 2:30pm EST TOMORROW!
5/2
Just occurred to me that UK is better when Siva is on the floor.
Apparently there's going to be a real ship called Titanic II...
So the important question is, who's going to pose naked for me to sketch?
Don't have to take Macroeconomics!!
Needed a 50 to pass the CLEP and I got a 51
fab and ray j ,
Tonight's PS Vita event was fun.
Thanks, Playstation!
Sad day at Dayan House huh?
These stupid ppl need 2 learn how 2 respect there Masters from the likes of u.
Keep on truckin' dude;
haha its mostly retweets.
And we are watchimg a movie in history.
:
Only two perfect brackets remain on ESPN.
Wow what an upset.
Are you posting the slides anywhere to the talk you just gave at WhereConf?
Specifically interested in vs slide
wtf my computer battery oh hail no
that is silly.Pawan is class apart from the rest of that family.
I don't endorse anyone except Pawan in that clan.
When you first turn on your computer at work, what are the first things you open?
Me: Chrome, Outlook, Tweetdeck, Pidgeon
I've started my etsy and blog overhaul in light of my new adventure!
link  info coming soon
Pacific Islanders Club hosts its 9th annual Lu'au on May 14th, 5PM at the Peter Stott Center.
Tickets starting at 15.
Writing emails, being happy.
1st, a lot of us are strong as any man!
2nd, your business cards are here.
Come get 'em.
ah!
We did great in our performance!!!!
There's??
Geez : Good workout today!
Did everyone get there's in?
One of many things I liked about NYC.
For now I avoid the food if there's cream, fatty meats or cheese on it...
referred to me as his compadoctor.
Yeah, I read way too much Chris Ceruli stuff in one sitting, lol.
SKorea retailers halt US beef sales over mad cow
Thank you all who came to Vexfest yesterday!
We had a blast playing for so many cool ppl!
Next show coming up Blossom w/ CREED 8/26!
YA
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE TELL U TO RT SOMTHING AND YOU WILL GET SO MENY FOLLOWERS AND THEN U DO IT AND U DNT GET BT 1 THATS SUM BOOTLEG BULLSHYT
bring back encarta!
Hi Jessica, Thank you for following!
Hope you have a great week!!
Sigh.
So proud.
RT : For the record, I have a higher score than
RT : Great quote for all players: Tom Brady talking about his quarterbacks coach: it's his job to tell me when I screw up!
TWO MINUTES....
LETS GO
On my way to watch Kari and Weston at the shooting range.
Cannot wait to watch you, so great!
welcome to twitter!
Read article on best/worst sounding words.
Best: cellar door, serene, mellifluous.
Worst: ointment, nugget,  MOIST.
I knew it!
when people ask if we're just friends
Weak everybody rapping like 2 chainz and sounding like dude forreal
My hands smell weird..
Spaddy Just Called Me Fat !!!:/
At 3AM tho I was in the pet ER btw my kid sistercrying cat lady while an erectile dysf infomercial blared on TV.
Reason number 2,643 I love working in an elementary school: Field trip to the zoo today.
YEah both are in the playoffs which is important.
Good for the city for LA
lucky girl !
Gotta get myself together so I can gtfo!
OMG YOU GUISE I HAVE HORRIBLE NEWS!
I might be missing next week's ACFamilyMeeting :
Gwinn is brutal.
Does anyone like him?
Why is he still here?
Good luck broski!
Sucks so much for Bulls fans.
They are too good to even hope for a high lottery pick a la the Spurs in 97.
Escape new York
The 1 and only reason I watch the
iLOVEu ETERNAL
LoveGames are for kids, foreplay is for freaks.
Booty Tag
haha seems like a nice first day for you :
i know i was on the subway crying emotional
Just delivered cookies to Concessions!

If you saw where I lived it would all make sense
Celebrate doctor Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy!
When I think of MLK, I think of peace and freedom.
Now to employ that in my life and others.
Taking a stroll thru promo city .
.
.
I'm sure.
I never doctoramed I would be having this much fun.
I imagined something much less elusive, much more mundane.Lee Friedlander on
Ready to be in my bed at home harassing for 3 whole months
yes.
Absolutely honest man.
Very unlike his brother who is very diplomatic.
Sophie u r the biggest chair thief!
Geez!
I like LL but can't help hearing kool thing walking like a panther whenever I see him.
how r u luvie
Light Christmas trees safely.
Don't link more than three light strands, connect them to an extension cord and make sure wires aren't warm.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The law does not allow you to stop allowing kid visits because the other parent stops paying child support.
First Practicing day...going part time I never thought this day would come!
So many great thing have happened in the last three years so I
so happy i found the yellow pants of my doctorams in rome and can return all these wannabes
like bill paxton in twister
wow, those look great!
Uwajimaya?
I like Hallyuwood.
It's catchy.
Arm is good but doesn't strike anybody out.
Best they have but that is not saying anything...
Second and Last day of the third and final St.
Patrick's day celebration.
Meet in the street time!!
it's whines for one.
And two, no I would not like to get up at 4:30 thank you
It takes place every Wednesday at 8 EST.
It's kinda fun.
I think this is the first time I've done HW this year !
Lol
My current aftershave is Afta by Mennin.
It goes on smelling like grandpa.
After a few hours it starts to smell like diapers.
So far: A.
How can they say my life is not a success?
Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
Maybe we should go back to that.
At least for today..Because of my stupid back being out to lunch already..Week is young, however..T/F/S..
A friend will be there with tissues...BUT a best friend will be there with a baseball bat shouting who hurt you and do i need a shovel?
Pulp Fiction  Shakespeare  Great play Cirlce Theatre in LA.
ends tmorrow.
Check out Dan White performance as Sam Jacksons Jules
Really wish someone had told in advance that a trip to the optometrist is like being kicked in the head.
repeatedly.
Don't judge me for my choices if you don't understand my reasons.

dude!
Looked like you when Napoli made that caughtstealing throw..
Happy Monday.
that one big dog
it's hard to talk its so sticky good.
I was dealt around 10 cards, which is another recurring theme.
I had two aces plus the nut flush preflop; and was glad my opponent folded?!?
lol yeah I think her name is...lol I don't remember
Not a theatre comment but good heavens, the construction crews are still at work here at Clay Terrace at 11pm!
Christina, what are those shorts?
ugh!!
I hate when that happens.
And over the last year I had two major interviews that I thought I bombed.
In the end I was okay.
E: Peter dared me to learn all the amazing bass parts on This Year's Model .......YOU'RE ON!
Preach!
RT : Winky faces are like the whores of smiley face land ;
Oh I'm all man my black welfare lady.
sorry...which one?
Two things to do this weekend: Spend as much time at the SuperBowlVillage and redesign my email blast templates.
No water at all  Irish Channel,
Rushing to get those holiday gifts wrapped?We have both prewrapped items and gift wrapping services!
Check it out with our 1020 off sale!
haha well that a little weird.
Your a slut?
I have 5 boyfriends..
Get on my level.
I would love to read that dissertation!
once upon a time there was a gay weirdo named Julia, she hated her husband so much she wants him to die, the end
Getting a pedi.
Yea thats what im doing :
Maybe I'm not responsible for the wandering But for remembering to come back home.
That seems right  nonfiction lends itself to selective reading.
I'll admit to feeling guilty about unfinished novels.
The downfall of being an empath; feeling people's pain.
:/ And no need to thank me.
I'm always here for people if I can be.
I just finished a whole stick chap stick without losing it or replacing it.
In case any of you want to know how faithful I am.
Love the pics.
Makes me miss New York  it has been a few years since I've gone up there.
It's World Water Day TODAY!
Here's a quick poll.
How much water is required to produce one hamburger?
be right down!
What you doing?
Don't leave!
RIP....people are sick.
so sad.
Looking at seedings in East, road is paved gold for celtics.
If advance past Hawks, will play either CHIsans Rose or PHI
ah idk ill tell u tomorrow
So frustrating when a student who's shown zero effort for 2 months suddenly perks up  begs on the last day.
Too little too late.
sigh
I'm in desperate need of a new writing chair.
i don't have doctorma i have peace
Good Morning!:

both!!
Very interesting story...a shame that it didn't go anywhere!
Becerra: To me, a museum is not where you see things of the past.
Living creature that helps me better understand who I am.
Q4 is for if she's lurking here: What are some of the special stage management challenges/opportunities for you?
when couples that date for over two years break up, i swear my heart breaks in half!
Yeah.
I agree!!
I will!
I love Lav.
Watching him climb up and scream like that made me proud!!
I guess well see how it goes tomorrow.
awesome  where  how can i get some to try out?
raw10 Lakers got swept w/ a beat down.
I Love my Lakers but i have to tell the truth.
Pau was softter than Medicated Cotton.
Need Blake G?
Don't forget to stop by McD's 2morrow for TaxDay!
Buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get one More for 1!
I LOVE the pain au chocolate at Club Med!
sick!
ETA 615...
so I should be in the city by 10 lol
Oh dear.
Poor Jane Grey.
Top of the morning, feeling creative!
Had a mental block
Just did a walkthrough of the new place.
I can't wait to move in tomorrow!
:
laware: MA CommCollege each have a separate line item in budget.
No approp formula.
highered edpolicy No Perf based funding here...
Man seriously.
Mild retarted
Had a really goof workout.
All my stresses of the day went into the elliptical
Shoulda just stayed home
exactly!
Api's are extra.
I could do my baptist shuffle in those!
lol
WeWereCoolUntil you became the person you said you'd never be.
Wonder what today holds....
how was it?!
UW Madison Librarians!
Looking for something to do this afternoon, come to Memorial Library for the AuthorShowcase, 2pm in the Commons!
That will be it for the news!
We will not be doing the entertainment, sports, fashion or politics anymore!
Please check out our site!
Looking for a Sr.
Business Analyst for a defined Access development project  expert in SQL  SAS skills.
2 month assignment
cccc11: I get into ATL about 12:32 PM.
Will then get rental car and head to confer hotel.
If you can leave by 12:45 pm, let me know.
Thank you, Jana!!
that dinner was god
ROCKING THE TONY STARK SHAVE
: Lee, your son will probably be directing Toy Story 100 : My son  I can't wait to see TSs 12 in 3D and TS3!
We lost better than yall.
But, you lost.
the paramount theatre in Oakland show is all sold out but it would be really awesome if I could go 
Taking candy from dogpeople, puppets, and/or talking storks may have adverse effects on the psyche.
Time goes by so slowly.
without weeks back it's him or counsel.
Sadly id take yuni.
The world does not reward perfection.
It rewards productivity!
Choose to create, produce, succeed!
BE CHOOSEY!
GREAT JOB kiddo!
Thanks for having him
Alan Anthony Bell
Getting a haircut.
Finally.
Finishing mum and mine Harry Potter mari:
I made your slow cooker coco curry chix last night.
Awesome, thx
sometimes people think bigger than simple science.
You know your cold as fuck when your whole body suddenly has a quick siezer .
Off to a parade of AdTechSF parties  who is going where?
Always enjoy my visits to San Francisco, great town ...
The best vision is insight.
Malcolm Forbes
that being said, you're one of the best people I know that knows where to shut it down.
Help us?
;
This morning i wake up a little sick but am good
I HATED Portlandia at first.
Then I found myself referring to favorite sketches.
Tis true, I want to run the feminist bookstore.
Most people don't look at your personality first, they automatically judge you on your looks and then try to get to know your personality.
i bieleb that in 9HOURS i will SCREAM CRY then FAINT after i purchase my BOYFRIEND cant wait another second!!!
Let's Go Flyers!!
Let's get even!
finally I have a hero .
Jeff Burton
Nashville!
Come hang with me at tonight, playing New Faces Night.
Starts in an hour, free show!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, bitch fuck with me and i'll shit on you
How 'bout for dinner?
54th Street Grill.
Searched for an Irish Soda bread recipe, will be making that later!
Go Grizzlies!
Lol
1 and 2 seed out west lose Doc Rivers team bout to lose in boston too
well I'm moving to Phoenix so if you want to come out let me know...
Nice weather most of the time!
congrats on your retirement and many thanks to your years of public service.
Optimists are right.
So are pessimists.
It's up to you to choose which you will be.
Harvey Mackay
Tonight championships being honored at game
Excellent idea.
We're following them now.
black youth isn't troubled youth..public libraries need to stop using a one size fit all model for programming
Woohoooo, on the ground in Indy!
First flight i've ever been on that had to be turned around.
Now to enjoy aiip12 :
Just responded...x 3 messages Yippee making some calls now for ya!
lol can you get me some weave to my shit gone be fie :D I can't wait to get my hair done, I'm spending big cash on that ishhhh.
: what's going on there tonight?
you are awfully quiet these days.
PIC scare you off?
Pretending to be a San Diegan again.
Checkin' out civil twilight at schubas!
Do The Right Vagina
Wine is the only happy part of my day today.
I admit I watch iCarly when I'm alone!
Hell it's an AWESOME Show!!!
Closer To My doctorams does shit for me cause me and my bro are getting closer to our doctorams.
Much Love  Peace to you
Neptune goes Direct after being retrograde since June 3rd.
Veils r lifted, clarity resumeslook  where in life ur being lied to  clear it
You're just jealous.
First attempt at making grits tonight.
Lets see how this goes ...
Is Chuck Norris the best name for a bridge between Austria and Slovakia?
Next on KGWNightTeam chucknorrisjoke?
Before I die I want to eat at the Brownstone in NJ.
what's your favorite thing on the menu?!?
Really like your work man!
Where are you from in Ohio originally?
Given the nature of my job, you'd think I'd be able to spell diarrhea no problem, but you would be wrong.
No wonder is cheating on you, you don't even remember her NAME
Speakers and Events R Us offers it all....professorssional speakers, decorations, casino night equipment, music and every game imaginable.
Finally got my birth control.
I hate pharmacies :/
...and cue homesickness.
Nothing like knowing I'll soon be in NH to make me willing to trade a reading commute for doctorving by stone walls.
You may call it obsession, but i call it dedication.
Love you
It's a weird fad, you're not missing out
aged beef
I told that if Mikelson couldn't win, I would take a SEC grad, lefty, named Bubba!
Bitch I been a rider since my training wheels
That emberassing moment when you sing and your voice cracks right in front of your friends
lets collab asap
I am too.
As a guy with 2 acl surgeries i know that the jump doesnt come back as good.
but i think b griffin had acl surgery
RT : the girls hair on the tough love show with the red hair
requires a true organizational shift getting the whole team to think differently and commit, usually a few months.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
MJ could do it with just Scottie and basically a bunch of dudes that stepped up at the right time an moments
My mom got an iPhone!!!...
and I finally talked her into it :P
Hahaha, people are so dumb!
John made...not 1...not 2...yes...3 types of ice cream: Banana Choc Chip, Butter Pecan  Chocolate Chile.
amen : thanks ky.
Whenever I'm lost, I climb to the highest point, and look for the miller sign.
I love that song!:
Where is with some beer n wings.
Just saw the sneak preview.
Looks good.
congratulations on making it to 15 on the best seller list for the week of April 22nd
mister President, Congressmen have NOTHING in common with the Seals.
Nothing.
oh to see your post would be a doctoram come true
I think April 1  the JFX farmers' mkt but you're always welcome to shop by appointment.
:
thanks for the update
thanks darlin' : happy day to you!!
I'm new to PHX and am looking to attend TweetUps.
Know of any coming up and/or a contact on here?
Thx!!
I AM SO TIRED.
WHY CAN'T SCHOOL BE OVER.
what do you like to do ?
Do you ever play?
message me i cant message you for some reason
It must be leftover Monday.
Smells like 15 different meals in the break room.
Cant Believe The Place Where I Graduated From Burnt Down.
Ugh Stupid Freshmen.
I so can relate, I would be an awesome scarlett LOL
Yea right
Any thought about offering an eCommerce option similar to PayPal?
Would love to have one provider for all payments!

I miss you like you never knew.
Okay.
Will you have internet there?
oops, my apologies c:
Thank you to and for the ff!
Superbowl in NY?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Tied at 50 with 8 min to go...
In semi final
You know who's not happy with their lives,when their busy discussing yours.
A retired military officer on MSNBC said that the agreement was not worth paper it was printed on without Congressional approval.
I Will
i seriously want more one direction stuff.
ok.
: So many to choose from, but: Greenie from The Whole World Over by Julia Glass
No I've never met them and Im bummed: I really do want to though.
And I might be going to the one in Connecticut.
We singing to my sister lmaooo

Isle Casino 220 Event 10 Turbo 25,000 starting chips.Stop by at the booth to get some Poker Glasses and Poker Book..
It's Opening Day in Baltimore!
thanks guys, appreciate it!
:
Going to walk 3 miles for Cancer...
walking with Tia Lidia, Tio Paul, my dad and me ....
We 3 Sonia
lol I didn't know you were a ginger?
My gray hairs agree with you!
Review Of Loch Ness Loot Slot Game There are big riches for you when you find the hidden treasure ...htp://247casinosonline.com
Happy New Year!Watch CEO Schools President JeanClaude Brizard today on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
My pleasure Jess : Nice firm pressure on the soles of your feet making small circles as the tension begins to ease from you.
:
I'm on bed rest for the day I can't get out of it........
Good job telling my whole life story, damn bitch.
Was a great day, thanks!
RT Thanks for attending We Love Highgate Library Day!
Service animal belongs / owned by the SA Training Agency.
It is returned to them to be placed with another person.
fantastic.
hopefully i won't have to borrow your phone's hotspot like last year.
:
You hate Miranda Grossinger?
But she is so vulnerable and you are not allowed to!
I'm seeking advice on adding publications to my resume.
Does anyone do this?
If so, is there a format standard?
oh no!
This is sad!
bored out of my mind and my room is so hot .
it's gonna be 80 degrees saturday...
I say night swimmin
so pretty!
I'd love too in a few months.Everything is insane right now with book signings and graduating HighSchool.But I'd like to soon
might be one of my favorite people in the world.
Exactly what i'm trying to say.
You dont have to get along with my bestfriend, but you will respect her or I WILL PERSONALLY
Dont bury your thoughts, instead put your vision to reality
I love my followers!!!:
...as he has not personally endured sexual violence himself.
As a result, he sees in one dimension  his own.
if you happen to fall into some kettle corn  won't be mad atcha'
Hi That's an informative article!
Do you think mobile devices and tablets in classrooms will soon replace computers?
: Impossible is just an opinion.
?Dogs are animals,you have no right to recommend execution,killing is wrong,they're are medications,what does this teach kids
RT : National GrammarDay is Sunday.
On a scale of one to five exclamation points, how excited are you?
Love to Shop tweet back a candy heart message starting with L...
TweetHearts!!
Thought of the day: The guy who discovered milk.what was he doing with the cow???
isn't anything that's powerful also dangerous?
thanks for the follow you Cute Jew, love your monthly period,ical..
Looking forward to the tweets I'm sure.
what station are you on?

have fun...
Ah all the memories, wish I was going too!
X
RT: studying for??????
Lolwhatever grades u need to pull up.
Don't make me punch u.
Austin's mom  Your mom.
Learning about doubleentry bookkeeping.
I'm gonna have abs of steel soon
THAT will also be my third ; I saw it last night.
And after we are watching the kids are all right3
Magic in the studio
Audio Geeks meeting tonight.
It's like AA except in the other direction.
SongsIKnowOffByHeart : Any doctorke songs
What?!
Which article is this?
Right?!
I technically have hw for my Maymester class, I just couldn't bring myself to study today.
What'd you make for dinner?
Head up
Hello :D Im great, haven't really been in twitter mood, ive been on snog xD how about you.?
You haven't finished?!
follow me too!
P
Do you remember what events showed up incorrectly, they are trying to trouble shoot.
Thx
ThatAmazingFeelingWhen your friends leave you to go get food.
All hope is lost..then you remember you have leftover boneless wings.
thanks for the add...
Cnt wait to go to the county meet
My 3day weekend is finally here!
Yippee!!!
We got a raw ass cipher going at the frog we haven't even started the open mic yet get here now
How many copies of The Secret Ingredient would need to have on order for you to be happy or hopeful?
First day of the fall semester!
If you've never had a spaghetti sandwich, you don't know what you're missing.
Just got a tip!
LMAO
see how much for the trade?
How many miles do u have on it?
I got an email of your tweet but never got it, anyway, that is unbelievable, NostraCHadmus
Harleys and police sirens should be illegal at 5am...
Just played another round of Now I Have to Tell This Asian Person How I'm Not Asian.
No one ever wins.
I stay in the portland Oregon area
damn, that sucks
High of 82 tomorrow  the AC on my side of the office still isn't working.
The Bay Area EMP Leadership Crew needs 3 new members to help with events!
Pls send resume  letter of interest to
Actually practicing for once
I loved that Musee Rodin, too!
I still remember the feel of the day we visited it, the sculptures in the gardens...
following back
AccuProcess Releases Business Process Modeling Software for Apple Mac OS X  San Francisco Chronicle
RT : End of NBA season  NOW national media is talking up Spurs!
Don't call it a comeback, we've been here for years
Have phlegm in my throat or lungs but I'm scared to cough cuz I might throw up..
:/
loving it.
Going through season 1 now.
Just had a kickass hot seat coaching with Thx for encouraging us to take effortless action and not worry about results!
how that ball isnt in the upper deck, i will never know
RT Sometimes a song can express the feelings you could never find the words for.
Furniture Industry Raises 1.5M for City of Hope The annual Spirit of Life gala raised more than 1.5 million for the City of Hope last n
Goodnight!
Had too many hours of work already.
Is it weird that I actually like workin now?
u need to tweet sir
hahaha I'm talking about the boy in checkered pants part!
I guess I shoulda been more specific LOL
The good part left when Katy Perry is separated into good  evil halfpeople after a transporter malfunction on Star Trek Zooey Deschanel...
WWMC of NYC is in San Fran this week.
NY Giants are playing SF 49'ers.
Coincidence???
Hm!
Okay Bro stay in touch!
Why am I up listen to this?
Ha.
Christian Bale would be yummy.
I pictured Matt Bomer from the show White Collar :
sorry!!!
my phone died!!!!
u still on?
Kick'n it at Whitegrass and the conditions are awesome!
: What did you think of that Audi commercial?
Loved it, but it was quickly upstaged by the Hyundai cheetah spot.
are you headed to alchemy?
Think could join?
He just found out about this tapping.
just ate a bubba gump shrimp and then decided to watch the movie...
Ur the best man!
Might hafta watch a couple others now!
Great story last night, loved the Cypress Hill, too.
Someone's always gotta make the band rap once in the show
Where do you go to escape the summer heat?
when i step out even on a bad day i turn heads
Is there a new Twilight trailer?
and women too.
Live from the Miami Dolphins Business Alliance at Sun Life Stadium ...
On my way to Houston , TX for a show tonight.
I may have just made a HUGE mistake

yes I know exactly the difficulty.
My audios take about 20 hours to produce, which is why they are so occasional!
i though u loved tits?
Special Prosecutor Angela Corey is handling her business at this press conference.
I forget how peaceful  relaxing it is to fall asleep looking out at the city lights.
My prom doctorss is finally ready for pick up :D
At smart  final parking waiting for my parents after a literature class
how's the boob ?
i just wanna be relevant
cuz I can't go to sleep if I have to pee ..
up breaking trees down
Everybody be safe tonight!!!
Twitter's greatI earn a retweet and then discover a copy editing error.
Why couldn't I see the error BEFORE I hit send?
6 days until
Well....that sucks....2 good looks and just couldn't knock one of em down....3 bad quarters tho...smh.
We are not maids we are professorssionals
miss you too fool :
I just watched something that Oprah shared as an instruction guide for molestation.
I did not consider it awareness, prevention or healing.
you are a good man thank you.
marathon set at Gloucester Arms in Oxford last night
Good to get your inspiration from the trenches.
I'm loving FooFighters and Deadmau5 set!
TimeMagazine guess u have me beat.
I only nursed my son for 2.5 yrs.
However, my mom was nursed for 5ys war time Greece, and all.
Obama is No Henry V
echofon, but I'm not happy with its new updates
OPEN CALL
You and your men be the jam;
Forgot I took a nap earlier o0
Baby, you don't have to give my loving away.
Saw today at the bus stop  should be jealous lmao xD
Check out creativeeconomy2011 for all the tweets about event this am, include comments by
hope we're getting a hairpin post out of this
that awkward moment when a sentence does not end in the way you thought it would potato.
Larger than expected variations in the Sun's ultraviolet output can explain weather patterns in recent northern hemisphere winters
Hey look, three TSA agents that don't know what to do with my Jawbone UP bracelet.
Headphone jack?
Button?
Wearable?
Omg swarm that shit!
Thank you!
RT : Great tips
The speed at which life approaches u changes, and u need to actively decide when and how to change the speed at which u approach it back.
Only one, count'em, ONE weekend of our award winning The Merchant of Venice left.
Don't miss out!
We close 9/18.
Not using discount codes
How are ur pants tighter then any females in this town??
Ha
thanks for telling everyone about the Free JAM2012 poster of FrankSinatra, we appreciate you spreading the word
i wanted to go to the movies but my mom is mean and wont let me .
I know i disappointed oomf's : 
I love you 3
Hurts to hurt.
I know dm me on here this is y other account that one is messing up :/
Ready to work my ass off.
I hate a challenge but I'll glady accept this one
Which of my LA friends wants to come with me to get bra fitted this week?
I need moral support!
We call them strong Those who can face this world alone Who seem to get by on their own Those who won't fall
Great connecting!
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
A great look at how analytics give way to new insights.
2 GE Infographics Offer Hints About Future Of Datadoctorven Management....
America never fully appreciates the birthday presents I buy her.
Fortunately, we wear the same size.
/via
Finished recording webinar.
!!!
: Wow.
On primary night in MD all local stations but lead 11 pm newscast w a tornado in Texas.
I see.
Thanks!
New to this shit be nice lol!
psoriasis online: Stop b.../b bPsoriasis/b How  Can You Suffering ...
thanks for following me :D
Thank you for making my shitty day ten times worse.
I'm scuuuurd
I need food.
Now.
I am disappointed that I'm missing the SDSU v BYU game
thanks for all of your support!
Have checked in at OLLU and posted Macondorelated info at Letras Latinas Blog and Facebook.
Looking forward to seeing friendsold and new.
I lover joo  will tuck you in whenever you want sug
Try our award winning brownies along with some of our other wonderful bars  Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!
describing NISO Open Discovery Initiative in light tk.
2 ODI members, and John Law, will also talk wed am, pls come!
Catch my story about Latino media in Kentucky on WUKY during All Things Considered, 5:45 tomorrow!
Thnx for sharing.
Yes, we're posting away
Follow for some more amazing witty banter from your favorite geek!
Guard your heart above all else, for it determines the course of your life Prov.
4:23
I'm not a cheer whore  BRING IT ON 3: ALL OR NOTHING
Glad to see you in Top 42, but knowing you will be Top 12.
My scene is over yayyyyy
Hi!
Like to share Kanjoya's emotional tool w/ you as well as the emotions revolving around LG's promoted trend, LGParentism.
DM?
Missin my bff : no homo
Q3 via Do you prefer travelling with a package tour or on your own?
Why?
Don't bring any rain!
Tweet, tweet!
It's a cool 60 degrees today, perfect weather for a comforting bowl of ramen.Open for lunch from 11:30am2:30pm.
Stop by today!
TO THE PERSON WHO MADE THE DANCE FOR BOYFRIEND.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
AND YOUR VOICE.
IM DEAD.
AMAZING.
ONE AGAIN.3
yeah...playoffs are crazy...knicks can steal one if they actually show up
What's ethnic food mean?
Chicken?
Joe Harrier
Collinsworth says Steelers have been a little sloppy...understatement of the year
hi!
I'm looking for Google Places help for work needs, can you help?
Its for stuff in King Co
Oh so we are gonna play this game???
Hm ok
What year were you born??
Dope, is it for Bodega?
Omg the rain is so cool....!!!
Maybey not too
hahaha true, if HE can play, we got this shit no problem
Half a dozen Because six is way too long.
I throw a tweet on the twitter sometimes when I twizzel the swizzel stick in my hot chocolate.I think of days of nights and my loveing wife
I guess every bad blackberry joke has to end with a rim shot
So our spring break has officially begun...
evil laugh
He's a wolf in disguise, but I can't stop staring in those whiskey eyes.
S/O to my new followers
I guess its cool to just ignore someone for no reason
To go.
C DJ my baby daddy
I would pick an isle seat cause then it will be easier to fall asleep at night
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward in seeing you and others at on May 17.
this stupid ad made me miss a part of the ustream
Im preparing for it!!!!
Its what i really want!
Its minutes away!!
Once i get my hands on it ill never let go!
....u want it?
Take it!!
Wish I was in Philly!
I'd be there!!!
hey ignite2011  wanna b a modern day abolitionist?
check out 's workshop today  Human Trafficking 201  Please RT
What?
Just got a marketing email from Delta promoting Nutrisystem?
Ghetto word of the day: Hotel.
My momma said she aint gonna tell Shaqueta nothing else cuz dat hotel everthang she know.
Clean Power Finance, MS Solar Solutions Corp.
and Main Street Power Announce Largest Consumer Residential Solar Lease ...
Just tapped SOB's Watershade IPA.
you are welcome sweety please share my videos with your friends
God damn this whole mess that's me.
I don't trust myself, I'm in way too deep.
SensesFail 3
Follow back me!
Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!;P
haha, oh nice, bunny doctoraming about hiding within a runny bunny doctoram..
My new comeback is gonna b u doodoo bird haha : 9 year olds r funny 2 talk 2..!
absolutely not.
It's better to have made it  failed than to have squandered the opportunity to even try.
Dielman retires, Tolbert leaving via free agency, and seeing Phillip Rivers cry on NFL Live made my day.
like this?
This is just a train of thought..
but figure it's better to read than trained thoughts iwasthinkingthesamething
Everyone follow our cutest favorite bartender
: If you don't have an iphone...
You're probably having sex instead of playing angry birds....
I love it
What is worse  that hoodie sweatshirt RR is wearing or the sideline NFL caps Aaron Rodgers wears?
Pastor Luz Santiago: stores are empty, town desolate b/c of sb1070
Ask yourself, what would Mitt Romney do?
RT : Second cup of coffee or first glass of wine?
And We Will Be A Dancing Generation
not at all.

Thank you for the follows.
JAZZ STORIES with MILO JARAMILLO on Wednesday  the Cooperage!
You might not know his name, but you've heard his game!
Don't miss this!
7pm!
i appreciate the Follow Fam
Isn't he!
Hasn't seemed to change in decadesso smart and funny.
Andy Borowitz, who hosted the event, clearly loves him.
Congrats on the wrap.
Can't wait to see Trek 2!
RT dear eyebrows: hurry back now ya hear?!??
It's Burger Night!!!
Hoes need to be smarter
Thank you for sharing this TJ.
Morning :
development / programmer community involvement
Charities focused on youth raise big donations: and raised 1.4 billion in 2010.
Amazing things come to those who wait for the correct answers in ones life.
I choose to not have clean water!
I live in Philly damn it!
a new show??
Kylie Morgan 811 tonight Don't forget, ALL of March Guinness  shot of Jameson 9!
5 vintage cocktail beam  ginger ale rye whiskey coke!
ReTweet this msg, follow  you could win a year's supply of Tetley TODAY at 5pm.
That, folks, is
Success: the progressive realization of a predetermined goal.
Alright.
I just assumed their coach was over coaching.
I mean, 10 million for 15 sec in a period.
Craziness.
Saddest episode EVER!!!
a brand is what others think about something.
In this new world of almost free instant communication, branding is in it's infantcy
I got one nostril stuffed..
I INSTANTLY JUS GOT HORNY SUMBODY MUST B THINKIN BOUT MY SEX
My thought exactly.
What are the sources of funding?
RT: Someone near the microphones needs to ask about budgets for these!
Lucroy on radio today re KRod and AxMan in 8th and 9th this season again...
I feel sorry for whoever we are playing late in gms
Great line up this week!
lusoglobe working group lecture this Friday!!!
Alida Metcalf of Rice University
have you tried the goat cheese, onion jam, bacon and wholegrain mustard sandwich yet?
On our house made rustic bread!
Are you going to the Librarian Pub Crawl?
you too beautiful!
I'm hoping for Wednesday!
hopefully the first of many to come Mike
care to hook a dude up with like 2 g's?
Wiltjer better develop some upper body strength so he can rebound, be a presence inside  make an impact beyong attempting 3s.
I'm currently listening to You Da One by Rihanna on my iPod touch.
My brother and dad rode an elephant
how about Cinnamon?
Or maybe Mercedes...
Have you heard about our First Tuesdays for January yet?
Begin the new year with the commitment to stay connected in Rochester's tech...
ants in my sketchbook!
damn it!
God's waiting room!!!
Callin it early eh?
RT : RT : This episode of is seriously the highlight of my day!
Hahaha how much they just booed Albert...
lol vick when I'm at my dads house I'm coming over!
Welcome to Philly!
These are great pics !
Thanks for sharing.
I have supposedly exceeded the number of times allowed 2 verify my passport information, thus cannot checkin online!
You're all tatted up!
Excellence means when a man or woman asks of himself more than others do.
Jose Ortega y Gasset
WTF Where's the Food!!!!
M, Clairsonic Mia, I am so intrigued.
What is it?
A small piece of me wishes none of it had ever happened.
Suitcases packed for a month in Pittsburgh.
Excited.
Uneasy.
Fairly sure I've forgotten something.
Thankful decisions!
Botox reduces your original thoughts.
Where are the thought lines?
Sunday feeling of having school the next day :
HEALTH NEWS FLASH  NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN  YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!!!
SO glad that Arya had so many scenes tonight, and SO excited to see more Jaquen H'ghar next week!
IDidntTextYouBack cus wth do you say back to K...
better than I expected from his coachella performance, but not quite there.
Only a 60 minute show.
SomeFactsAboutMe I'd rather hang with the guys than with girls...
That's just ME
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!
LUV U ALL AND HOPE U HAVE A NICE DAY!
Is asking YOU for your ideas to help me make my podcast show DontBeAfraidOfTheDark better.
Not a fan of it so far, here's ur chance.
orange leaf in avon.
Check us out on the Web  www.misterspainting.com We are your complete home renovation contractor.
Licensed and insured.
Ca.
630616
y'all are all kinds of PROBZu though
why not?
Going out and not telling nan what time I'm coming home.
One day closer to the weekend I can smell it now!!
Today better go fast.
Introductions would be better if they also introduced Carmine the Supercomputer.
It'd make them even hotter.
Hahahah!
My triceps are so weak from working out, I can barely hold a pepper shaker.
Haha.
This is gonna suck for a couple weeks.
Rangers clinch the Eastern Conference
quot;Garage Rockquot;: Let39;s All Stop Abusing the Term
we're in marketing and have finance in the fall.
Marketing isn't necessarily that hard, the professorjust sucks.
If your not tired..Your not covering enough ground
The last two days have proven the need for a playoff in college football...
Thank you USC, Iowa State, and Baylor!!!!!
Good morning amercia and let's go Panthers thst's Pittman Panthers football game today at Anderson park cif you get this tweet come let me c
lol that sounds like a plan...
go for it
R.I.P Whitney Houston :l
Back from a long run on the Massanutten western slope trails...it's HOT out there!
Thanks for the compliment, Nancy!
Anytime I'm mentioned in the same sentence with Stanley, it makes me happy.
great, going to come to a game this year?
You should!
well finally.
You should try it.
It really works.
Just don't pay for anything if they ask you for money.
That's usually a scam.
haha what did you do for 10k?
awe!
Dang I wish I was a part of it!:
Obama believes in same sex marriage
Watching Tiny Furniture on Netflix.
I like the movie and actors but hate everything about nearly every character in it.
Hey hey how was last nite.
Still gotta meet ur boo!
PrimarySchoolMemories Learning snare doctorm in band to get all the girls in class, then realizing you need the whole setup to look cool.
i need coffee.
help.
me.
exposure  faith in the people  possibilities
just as brutal as the performance by u.c.
in a game they should of won.
oh la la.
When can we get together.
I go to Aurora almost every weekend.
You still in Nprvill?
Man, Brandy hates those bags.
She always wants me to eat my chips on a plate so it wouldn't be as loud.
Nice to engage  discuss w/ u all!
Thank you for facilitating!
Great
For the next three month we are offering free listing for businesses on www.thecoupondeal.com call Tony in case of any Q 7862377956
Robot death match!
Also: You had my money locked in each month with Loyalty prog.
Now Im waiting on your response to determine whether I stay or go.
ChrisRock is such a genius.
RT : Accept responsibility for your life.
Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else!
Les...
That's awesome
I think I am cat nip for cougars
The feeling's mutual.
Will try to come up with a formula that allows a Grindstone tour.
I might have an idea...
Husband and daughter are trying Raising Canes at San Antonio airport.
Waiting for flight back to Chicago.
hey everyone you should all go and follow me on keek jessangel7 ya and i follow back to :
Hell No lmao
me either ...
I am taking the train up.
Should be interesting.
Maybe I'll blog it
Decided I've wasted enough of today.
Time to start on some of the more significant things on the list.
doctornk him a one small twitter doctornk.
I missed my dogs birthday, she is going to kill me.
YOU GUYS ARE ALL OUT OF FREE CUPS...
and it's only 7 pm :
Ike is barely a tropical storm, with max sustained winds of 40 mph.
Will bring a lot of rain still to midwest.
Now near Texarkana area
Featuring make magazine in a nook ad and not having it available in the nook store?
Looking forward to it : will be a part of the Black Women Entertainment Network, real soon!
:
:O is the second girl Taylor?
On my to S.I for a meeting now.
I wish!

thanks for praying for the young lady in the front row today...
Bubblegum run
Amtrak just suspended service between Seattle and Portland indefinitely.
Coming from SF...
Your nightlife doesn't make me miss home so much!!
Thanks you vibrant vivacious vixen you!!
It's neat that the Oakland A's start two players who are from Hawaii: Kurt Suzuki  Kila Ka'aihue
but only through clitorous stimulation
Catching up on the uvashape twitterfeed.
Generally dismayed by the high snark quotient from the DH community.
for sure
Though I am afraid ill be the old guy at a club trying to pick someone up.
Being single is not easy......
Can't stop thinking 'bout you...
:
hi.
What's going on?
can't wait!
My momma talking so much shit about Rudy..lol smh
Nathalie new gallery
Don't give a fuck what people think be yourself!
.
Richard Hatch go HOME
Things girls want from guys: 1.
Good morning/goodnight texts.
2.
Pictures taken together.
3.
Surprises, especially little ones.
So SonyAllStarsBattleRoyale looks like a knockoff of SuperSmashBros with Sony characters.
That doesn't mean it will be a bad game.
Me: I want Taco Bell!
Mom: What!
We can't afford Taco Bell!
Glad to hear it came out okay.
I remember that being a source of worry.
Very nice doctorss.
Dear absolut vodka, your new ad looks like a lady gaga wannabe vid
she got up and ran are you serious.
Can somebody tell me whats going on : kthanks
is the weed whacker in the garden of evil, mwahahaahh!
keep moving.
...
And now the Google Chrome bookmark manager won't let me doctorg stuff around.
Can you say Broken?
Hanging out on a boat.
Waiting to cross the Strait of Gibraltar...
Let's go already!
Hey, Diddy, let me know when your back in Miami, so I can show you the newest in technology 3D without glasses.
The Filmmaker
needs to expand her friends list on this shiz.
someday.
Hello all...
Im bored and it means twitter time :
Whoa!When did girls start wearing shit they'd wear to the club to afternoon class?
I've had way too many vagina near misses in the last hour
go to bed!
Big day tomorrow.
We get to wear jeans!!!
Lol :
How is Marv Lewis still an NFL head coach?
Speaking of which, KC is keeping Crennel; I'm officially picking them to finish last next year.
Most beautiful sentence:  But I love you.
Most painful sentence:  I love you but..
Great Question: can we submit to multiple categories?
YES!
Good workout today.
I even put my feet on the treadmill and layer down the first mile in awhile.
I wish that I could've lived in the 1920's.
No one thought the Broncos had a chance  it was the best playoff game.
Tebow is a winner and a leader.
How can you not like him?
Can I just say that tweetdeck is super awesome?
Wow Hulu actually respond to you!
Build a community to overcome barriers.
B there about 1:30 RT : come see me!
I work at the Tribune!
:
going to my other account then to bed.
Goodnight : dannah
thanks for that
I meant the medium, not the content.
Wornout doesn't pertain to ebooks, in other words.
Only Jeremy Lin could make it a Knicks loss and not a Miami win.
its a sucky decision to make.
hey : still don't have any energy,fever  upper respiratory infection ..heart palpitations aka worthless lol ty for asking tho
We think so too!
I'M TRYING TO GET MY ACCESSORIES KNOWN.
I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE A RT!!
EVERYBODY STARTS SOMEWHERE!
THANK U!
Stand by for repeats  sorry..
Monitor and all that.
School is jail o
Good and you?
Thanks for the follow.
FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK U ALL
RT : Winter Fares are here!
Book by Jan 31 for fares from 1,058  r/t to S.
Africa incl.
all taxes...
she thinkin bout it.
pa,no me hables a la maana,soy capas de pegarte con el teclado.OK?
Go on, hide behind the tweet screen.
That's what the angry do nowadays.
Peace :
Did you get the PridePrius?
Mike s Early View of the News May 14, 2012
Take me away
At the price of time  discussion we choose unity  consensus to develop Tunisia constitution.
Meherzia Laabidi, VP Constituent Assembly
At ODonoghues for a fish fry and live Irish music.
Can't sleep.
Can't shake this feeling.
Bergen St F/G station has a serious rat problem.
I saw 7 tonight, incl big 1 at my feet on platform.
What's your control policy?
well, friend is mad bcuz i made a joke.
thats dumb.
whatever.
gonna get an industrial piercing:D
nice work guys
It just might be the Pacers  OKC in the finals
that's how bad the mariners were that day
If we're all so original, why are there so many Starbucks?
Steve's HR Technology ttp://j.mp/wXrvUM
Working on getting that shop on 42nd Street  Chandler open....Grand Opening in June.
Woodoctorw Wilson Some Americans need hyphens in their names because only part of them has come over.
Esti and I at a hardcore show  comedy gold
Had a GREAT 2 night stay at Courtyard Downtown PDX!
I hope I'm wrong but could it be our NYS Exec.
Chamber simply doesn't like childoctorn with developmental disabilities.
What do you think?
bless you.
RT I feel like a doctorg addict always looking for a place to plug in my phone charger.
I just need a little juice, man.
can't believe you like all those lame bands!
hahaha
for your sanity, I hope you were not watching that game
I'll forgive you for slacking if you Tweet me
Here is a wishing that the coming year is a glorious one that rewards all your future endeavors with success.
Happy New Year.
This guy just proposed to his gf and the whole restaurant started clapping.
Awwwwwh
Spring break finally!
Going to have some fun this week!
:
You can NEVER go wrong with fat people falling ...
lmao
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Thanks Barbara!
If are for it, they're against it.
If the opposition found the cure for cancer, they'd find a way to fight it.
Los Angeles area, but chances are, they'll have a good selection of San Diego beers.
Ah just doctorve by a freshly painted lacrosse field.
I miss coaching already!
skipped school to do this rapping thing
Spitfire Wheels  Ride Them To The End Ad
Annette Madsen says PDXPlan focus on equity is to right  moral.
So.....did you get what you wanted for Christmas????
Well everyone, it was a fantastic 2009 holiday!
Be sure to keep an eye out for us Christmas 2010!!
RT : RT : You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.Michael Jordan
do employers realize that they can no longer block social networks in the age of smart phones?
can't control network access anymore.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
well try listening, we're probably worse
One day I'm gonna marry ;
np doctorve slow
No, its WiseMan : wise guy!
Woof...Woof...goodnite to all...may you doctoram of bisquits and beef jerky treats...
and a bite of the mailman....yum.
I obviously don't know your mom, but I genuinely worried for her when I read that.
Do u think I look like Idoctors Elba, cuz the lady at the club said I did, but she had a lot of 1's in her hand.
LMAO!
Slap a player, stomp a bitch.
They both ain't nothing but some nasty tricks.
cool me 2!
Wat school do u go 2?
Ok someone hacked my account and keeps sending spam emails.
WHOEVER IT IS FREAKING STOP
I am running GB too !
First time though.
Have u done it before,  is it good ?
Gotta spend my whole damn Saturday in McDonald's smfh
A New Beginning
Dude...Toga last night...
I can't wait for Dirty Mic and the Boyz!: Hope you feel better and find a new friend in your neighborhood lol
hahahahah wow i got ya : how sleepy r u still?:
Sem G: Nichols is giving a helpful comparison of ISAD and ISBD.

Thanks for the FF and have a great weekend!
Mort Crim is here with us today...
what a treat!
His voice has been with us for decades!
Tune in at CatalystBusinessRadio .com!
Can't wait to see the Jamie Hayes prints.
We love his work.
Apocalypse!!
RT : It's May 3rd and we've seen more nohitters thrown than Albert Pujols' home runs hit.
Were those fired that wrote the agreedupon rules/process which weren't followed?
What of collector who failed to follow it?
Blackballed?
A2: SM shouldn't be completely separate from the norm  similar concepts on other media channels apply, just customize
I went and saw NSN a year ago with 30 of my friends..
we cried, we laughted, and by the end, we were on our chairs dancing!
New iPhone4..
So much faster!!
going ice fishingg.
yup.
Solid.
Just Solid.
19th and M Qdoba is starting student day like Gtown store!
Half off Saturdays
denverleadership ersek  Olympic games attracted talent to innsbruck
re: Silver Spring ...
unfortunately no.
You have to get closer to DC.
Sorry.
haha that's for sure.
He got smashed pretty good.
Its race time California style!
Christian Slater is in the house!
Funny the research topic of the week this past week was Haberdashery.
Go figure.
Now that's not one you'll see our FB regularly.
Bridals tomorrow, Boudouir on Friday, Weddings on Saturday then off to the beach for some RR!!
i want to get a new haircut...
Athletes calorie needs will be higher than others, don't be ashamed of this!
You can't perform at your best if you aren't fueled properly!
totes did some front porch living yesterday
We're off to San Diego for some high level training, mastermind  sun!
STOKED!!!
FortuneBuilders ATTACK!
yep.
pretty scary!
lol are u
Off to the Golf Course.
Study in futility when you only play once a month.
You turned into the little engine that couldn't hold his load
Starting our newest webinar with DB's Chris Pardo, product manager of strategic alliances/API.
A tweet is not an endorsement.
My kids use Khan Academy  Listening 2 Sal Khan talk  going to KCalc, looks like my kids will stay busy over the summer
Have you taken Bob Cline's musical theatre masterclass?
Every time I hear Tony Montana I think of the flu ...
haha
Kids like me but too bad i wdont want them.lil dj will do...sad face.if i get to see him again.
Everyone F O L L O W she follows back!
Media's overanalyzation of Tebowobnoxious!
Tim prays 2 GOD 4 his/team's successful performance publicly thankful as it happensSIMPLE
pw2012 build credit first before dwelling on bad debt
What about now?
i just saw....awesome thank you!
Has anyone ever died from allergies?
Holiday Gift Ideas, All Purple!
Purple doctoram by bocko on Etsy su.pr/A6DinP
couldnt agree more its lame what class are you in?
Two Videos Show Reagan39;s Support of a Buffett Rule
lmao my fianc says I look like a cow :
I LOVE YOU !
even if u dont text me :
Bruins v Jets tonight.
RT The Pacers won their 5th straight and improve to a leaguebest 91 in April.
Defeated the 11188 tonight.
Just looked at your application and noticed you have the skills on pages 1 AND 3
we should!
i would love that!
i'm not too mobile, at least right now, though.
i don't suppose you're ever in grand rapids?

The data segment starts around the 2:30 mark.
bit.ly/u0jNyR
Heading to BWI on my way to Jville.
Time to show the world how Raven Nation rolls.
Live tweets from Jax all day.
Out.
can't wait I'll see u then.
Watching the Memphis game with my brother!
Damn Rampage...I really wanted u to win...youre 1 of my favs of all time...but gotta give Bader his props.
Good fight
you using copy and paste?!
you make it in the team photo?
I've been in Boston for almost a month straight!
Went to my first sox game Friday, Papi rushed the mound.
BTW I tried gimpshop.
Better, but not great.
RT : what a BOGUS piece of software.
for real.
Happy Star Wars Day everyone !
May the Fourth be with You....!
no bow tie?!?!
Rough night?
Nice pic.
Love those pups!
I can't imagine not being with you.
Hopefully I'll never know what it feels like.
thanks for the heads up on the Actors Club.
stupid ScamArtists trying to rip off Actors trying to make it in Hollywood
enjoy ya day at wrk  ill link up wit ya wen tu' qet off :D
fridayreads Can you Keep a Secret by Sophie Kinsella.
I have the feeling I'm going to be reading fluff and unicorns for a while
Depends on the Texas weather!!
One day iced, next day maybe hot!
Love you!!
It never ends....it only begins again  again.
This one time, my legs fell asleep and I stood up to get water and promptly hit the floor.
May have been just now
Thanks for RTs:
Gonna be a crazy busy night!!!
Jeo's bachelor party, Scotty's last weekend in town, and bday at Mojito bar!!!
i need a life reboot.
to be honest I don't even know if I knew anything about it lol.
But I'll be there :
Good for you : i  yuu sophie !
Do you think that there is someone better than me ...
maybe, but do not forget that there is someone better than you ...
excellent.
Just let me know when.
I think there will be PLENTY to discuss!
I apologize to smokers, but I just hate coming home from a bar smelling like stale smoke.
It makes me nauseated.
Yes the needed attitude for new altitudes 
: voting like crazy still: text 1 to 22444
Yes, enjoy the 10 loss...
RT : Happy Felix Day, Mariners fans!
My mom's on Twitter.
Welcome
Love the Bats update.
RT : Todd Frazier with a two RBI double to give the Bats a 20 lead in the first inning at Toledo.
some big time coaches...
Kentucky and AM in today my man.
rip Dick Clark
500700 people at Oakland Main Library as OccupyOakland regroups  along with a heavy police presence source Bay Area Indymedia
Awesome stop during penalty kill.
Look even better from
LeBron needs to treat every late possession like 2009 Eastern Conference Finals Game 2
sorry if I'm spamming you!
But please follow and I?
Thanks lol :p
Avatar was excellent!
It wasn't perfect, but I was glad put up with a somewhat cheesy plot to experience such an amazing universe.
Michael Bush singing the 7th inning stretch.
I don't like you you got more tweets than me sharise
Awesome episode.
I particularly like the buzz words of 'obesity' and 'Falklands.'
Andoctorw aka has got your 241 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9pm.
Come in and bask in his warming glow.
Stay tuned for Beer Bingo...
How many titles does your roommate edit?
Seems like every Marvel mag I read lately has her name on the masthead.
Minnesota: Rose Lake Minnesota
Are you the cousin of niall xx:
good!
How're you?!
yeah: I'm puuuuurdy sure.
but I had like 20 assists!!
I was like Rondo today.
Lol
lol oh gosh Dana ..
Watching the Lakers with Mike Brown reminds me so much of the Cavs.
Talent all over the floor with as much flow as my rapping skills
Lets Go
Who else besides me has a big bear brother like me one love
I'm probably the only one that doesn't like going to Walmart.
Not sorry.
Homeless Boy Steals The Talent Show: via
is on twitter!
Huzzah!
english or american??
Your welcome :
I never get a day off.
Not even Mother's Day.
But I'm not complaining.
The alternative  not having my kids  would be unbearable.
Refactoring party?
Oh dear, I bet there are no tests either ...
I'm trapped on this bus.
Is this what purgatory is like?
For the record, the Island on Lost wasn't purgatory either.
romantic and paranormal what and awesome combo
at penn brew u 2012.
i might be an alcoholic.
happy to have you back!
may you please follow me!!
RT  Let this be a lesson to the New York Yankees, Miami Heat, New England Patriots having a AllStar team wont get ...
I can't even be on twitter right now because of all the people posting about the mint show.
i'm depressed cuz i was lit.
there yesterday
Thanks to good to know that this years Computers in Libraries hashtag is CILDC not CIL12 or
: : I've looked at dirty laundoctor and actually considered just throwing them away.
BachelorLife  Lawd!!!!
2011 in Review2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2off bway shows,great coach
Trying to find a guitarist, doctormmer and bassist is a lot harder than it looks.
Sigh.
There go my musical doctorams.
LOL!
Please tell ne when you are getting your own comedy special.
Your tweets are why Twitter was created!
i've had a crush on maggie since she was Charlotte in Van Wilder, rise of Taj.
Man finally getting some good pics of mtheory.
sigh of relief.
Should b good for e40 :
You are coming to Fresno to play golf with me....right?
When two slow people walk right infront of you blocking the whole sidewalk
I bet those people at TMZ used to make fun of the cool kids while sitting at the nerds table during lunch when they were in high school.
are you heading to the pool this Memorial Day weekend?
time for a great tan!
all new ORGANIC formula delivers amazing reults!
8578287
Im at this diner by work and it looks and feels like it was torn from the 50s including the waitresses
funny.
Wonder if at some pt app burnout actually restricts people from making meaningful connections
good point.

cooks up some spagacon  Yeah, that's what it's called.
Oh wow, I can't believe I forgot to tell you my most epic Kentucky moment from yesterday!
Remind me tomorrow morning!
Went to 2 great parties today.
One had a slip and slide and the other lots of weapons!
i need new cleats
Looking for outside sales stafflocal /region/nationwide.
Holiday Surprise: Hollywood Is at Work
CMJ Concert Conundoctorm: Unknown Mortal OrchestraFree EnergyGivers OR PujolJacuzzi BoysTurbo Fruits ?
We're dirtaay.
Thanks we are very excited to be apart of it.
so handsome!
What better way to beat the heat than with a cool shirt?
www.esjaydesigns.com
Never give up!
But I'm going to sleep so until tomorrow 1DtoOmaha love you all :
That sucks!!
Was wondering about this.
Is there no way to have 2 separate email accounts setup?
As East Coast native I couldn't be more excited!
RT Impressive sourcing!
RT First Dunkin' near us: Camp Pendleton.
Im working on waking up early.
Just gotta get over these first few weeks.
I hope the asshole who kicked in, shattered and destroyed the news box at 24 Hr Fitness downtown dies a slow, painful death.
Apparently the only thing it's okay to insert in your ass in North Carolina is your head.
gonna have to borrow that one
i'll bring the stuff
tough loss today.
good NYE.
i gotta head up to chitown thurs.
my grandfather passed yesterday.
glad urs was good.
u go to PHX?
welcome!
Great class, provided some much needed new perspective for me and the assignments were very relevant and useful.
:
Surrounded by powerful women leaders talking about broadband adoption  digital literacy at
: its ok ur a newbie LOL
Because I didn't catch the UPW Metras in the last hour, I might as well catch these four trips of this hour, the 6p hour.
hahaha !!
i knew you were going to say that but naw we'll see once you come back :D

I know!
Let's hatch some plans!
UshouldNotBeEmbarressed By Your Clothes!
that would be so much better 3
RT Reality show about bloggers would be kind of awesome.
Whoever's got the least page views hdlines gets kicked off
Lakers are getting beat on
Who said Street Lit.
isn't worthy?
Please stop, shut and check the NYTBSL.
: What a night at StarParty!!!
Thank you for having us Minneapolis : 33
I'll be babysitting tonight.
Watch them want to do crafts or take a walk while the game is on.
easy on the Lakers, I'm a fan..lol..
Are we all ready for question 1?
Okay I'm hoping there's a little more than just bug fixes.
:
Thank you baby :
Welcome to Boulder can't wait for the show tonight!
Omw 2 class but I'm so sleepy!!
Ugh 
Good Luck To The team in Dallas today!!!
lets make it happen!!!!!!
SOLAR CARPORTS!
solar is hot!
Please notice me..
And thnx for making us Believe, GREATEST IDOL.
I'm more tired than usual today.
Why?
hahahahaha I gotta tell you something
iSwap Faces is the most entertaining iPhone App I've played with in a while!!!
biz hours is for developer support, qa type stuff.
The platform is monitored for uptime 24x7.
We carry pagers.
;
Man I really want some tacos right now!
Great way to start the day!
Hey, a temp job is still a job.
RT : RT : Cisco is kicking implementing Lithium's capabilities.
His plan was publicity from sharktank his site is down, from traffic from all of us.
you're welcome : and yeah lol you would need some
EOC test tomorrow
So the girl made pancakes by herself this AM,  can also reach bathroom sink w/o a stool.
This what 5 looks like, apparently.
warm clothes!
im so sleepy now..
good night.
Clinic Tomorrow at 8am..
November for the Diverse Energies anthology.
's Summer of the Mariposas in Oct.
We have 5 books out now.
dear gods, i need a new portfolio website.
and a new tumblr theme.
stat.
To move or not to move that is the question?
Got interviewed by today about incentives for hotel guests skipping the housekeeping and being GREEN, thanks My Fox!!
Neither have I..
RT I think imma go to a movie alone...something ive never done before!
fuck..i think i have a twitter crush.
lol in arkansas
EdVillage is back on Twitter!
We look forward to engaging you in our work to improve education worldwide.
you and are perf together 
Don't even know...
I hope I get the hook up on tix as a member at the worx, never been, but for you HELL YEAH.
DENVERS IT, YOU KNOW!
Thank you for the request Bob.
Please check back for updates, as we will have a similar feature available soon.
Brianne
Can't for a new glee tomorrow
Come on Flyers..
If it wasn't for Bryz, the Flyers would be down 42.
Flyers defense needs to step it up in the 2nd period!
Go Flyers..
Any celebs on there that you just had no clue who they were?
That was our horse!!!!
Forgot to bet!
I'm not picky, I have standards.
You're very welcome  I agree, beautiful!
I love you!: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!: I know you and I have had our one time, but that's over!!
I love you soo much!!
3333
u live on an air force base!
Ah that means hellls and bells of sexyy guys!
Send me one:
Big chalk for Baylor tonight...the Bears haven't been this big a favorite since 12/22/2010
wow!
This video is extremely viral!
Its all over facebook from everyone!
Wolf Larsen had taken to his bunk with one of his strange, splitting headaches
Is having a really good day and, rainbowbuffalo : Cereal Bowles
fawn over Tebow all you want but don't bring Rodgers into it, makes you look like a fool.
Rodgers has the ring
like the best thing ever...well, not really, but it's RIGHT up there :
Finally Lebron James shaves his Jesus beard omg it was hideous
Hi!
Had to leave early because I'm still getting over being sick, but DM me and hopefully we can connect?
Game tonight vs.
Houston.
Argentine showdown between Scola and Ginobili
have a good day
haha yah true if Daniel can make it with his luck I should be fine lol
Thanks for the Doyle column.
Hadn't seen that.
so that's why u can't pay for a Brewers game, ur money is gambled away!
Congrats on finishing!
Good luck with the defense  I'm sure it will go well.
out here listening to !!!!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins the Virginia Republican presidential primary.
RAS
You could be sitting on your toilet taking the biggest dump not knowing that is at your front door
We need beers and mallets.
Lauren Hill concert tonight with my lady
Never danced so much in one night!
bowltrain4ever and spins should be required listening.
so happy for all the praise your novel is getting btw
It's so weird!
All of my clothes are shrinking.
I can't figure it out.
CHAPLIN is already on Twitter!
Senate meeting at 4:30pm in Shiley Hall room 301!
Larry Williams, DIr.
of Athletics will be joining us!
Great meal at DW Bistro  great food  service!!
Highly recommend!!
why on earth are we even allowed to pass people..
It scares the living crap outta me
Equity futures are lower and bonds are better on Wednesday morning as investors await key indicators on employment...
What are your awesome plans for tonight?
My latest story which was posted on April 22, is showing the date of April 18.
It must be a glitch in the system.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Lucky Girl!!
Diabetes in dogs really stinks!My Lily has little energy and is blind from cataracts.
She's still so cute!
I wish I can leave.lol
Supper pissed that my commuter jeans got a stain on them.
Aren't these stain resistant??
Monday Mantra: The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Tryna plan the move for tonight but old girl keeps shooting down all my ideas...UGH
really liking jake owens!
i cant :/ my parents wont take me
RT : Lol bulls fans are happy the Heat lost.
Shouldn't you be worried about elimination??
I take a video of it next time lol.
leaving Sunday so u should make it a point to get here before then sir :
Ros, classic rock, manicures, Summer 2012 is off to an amazing start.
Come home to us, !!
ha, nice!
your totally right about haircutseason.
Need to chop it off before sleep away camp
Can't take it when I'm gone
Just got summoned for jury duty.
In Minnesota.
Attending the DOE presentation on the Growth Model and our new AF School Accountability Model.
Squarepusher  Unreal Square 
What is antifather bias?
Huguely waives his right to take the stand in his own defense.
doctorw something.
You doctorw a star cat.
But that is not an option.
Sophomore golden couple, SP and SD have been over for less than a week.
She's already seeing other people.
Hasty...
Looking forward to it.
RT : If you don't practice you don't deserve to win.
Andoctor Agassi.
Space Precinct was, pound for pound, better than any iteration of the Star Trek franchise.
U no we gon do it anyway so baby why we waitin
Live here at Hawthorne Burgerville we have The Traveling Salesmen!!
come on down and hang out with us
My timeline is a hilarious mix of people supportive of the President, people critical of the President, and Vidal Sassoon.
thanks for telling me and
I am not safe.
As long as the number of 2yearolds in my class continues to rise without a corresponding increase in aides, I'll kill you.
thank you soror!
Congrats on reaching a 1000!
Just got Home!
:  I need a day to ReCoup :  FABULOUS SHOW!
Thanks to Everyone  the FHC Amazing Staff, your the Best : 
I love my bed  Good night!
I love LL Cool J!
Just felt like sharing.
lol I'll stop when you stop.
Sometimes I think he does it on purpose so that you'll spend time with him....
Congrats to TeamKhleo member for finally meeting 3
Barack Obama, is that a hoagie?
Only Maya Rudolph can make a worthy delivery of that line.
you got the motto lol
2nd half has begun.
Crowd going wild!
I had forgotten how wonderful a snowday can be!
RIGHT?
I was like FUUUUU 
running now
Nope, how about yours?
Does your job suck?
Aortic Anatomy and Function video  Animation by Cal Shipley, MD Trial Image Inc.
fine be that way miss bracy 
dear sallie mae, you are lame.
sincerely, chelsea
just mentioned 420 on and looked lost.
Great start to my morning.
I wonder why clothing co.
like RocaWear, Phat Farm, Sean John and others haven't come out with school uniforms??
FIRST LADIES!!
THE NEW SAYING IS APPLE PIE FACE JENN 
At The Snack Bar in Oxford, Mississippi doctornking whiskey!
I fuck wit you ..
namean , but that dont mean we best friends .
haha!!
so HAPPPYYY last day today, WINTER BREAK STARTS!!
oh umm my dad got hit by a van on his motoecycle then the guy ran his leg over twice and broke the bone in front and
One fortune cookie instead of two in my Chinese delivery today.
They're onto me.
fair; I'll be the first to admit I'm more ignorant of 's biography than I'd like.
But I hope you can understand how
Did Jennifer Lopez and jessica on American Idol just have your shoes on?
If not , they should have been.
:
We're serving a porchetta sandwich, but need suggestion for another braised meat, portable somthingaruther.
Help us, PLEASE!
In all seriousness, this is the secret to life: Whatever you is, be that.
interesting...thanks for the insights...
I think I usually am, except where V is concerned.
96,595  Number of pages printed by my desktop printer without anything more than general upkeep.
Pretty sure that Bovada just reversed a bonus...
check your statement
If life's a bitch..
And ur still a virgin..
U ain't livin bitch
Dan Schneider and his trolling will be the death of me.

it says user doesn't exist when I click him
Yes, laughter would be good about now.
a fuckin' am
Stuck wearing an angry birds bandaid.
If you want a livable wage, cut up your credit cards.
If you have to borrow to live, you're letting your boss off the hook.
sorry I missed saying I love you  yesterday!
..
I love you thats for yesterday too...
:
stomach problems almost gone...walking helps get rid of the pain...walking and more waling...did you walk today...
I'm ready for and to come on yay Feb 19th!
Yes I heart the Kardashians.
love you so much!
PEGGY!!!
Way to stand up for yourself!
the louder your motorcycle the bigger your....ego???
Just ran into our AWESOME property manager, Stuart.
He said there are only 4 units left!!
Back from dinner break 4k8k 1k ante I'm sitting on 450k with 28 players left.
Play down to 18 players tonight.
Hey Chris!
Thanks for following.
Thnaks for the follow
you're an education major too?!
Why did you just call me a dork?
I hope you were flirting //;
I just found out there's a McDonalds in the city of Minneapolis I haven't visited.
Wow.
Are there other things I haven't done or don't know?
I love that Romney called gay marriage a very tender and sensitive topic today.
yea u the only one I think
I'm seeing a spooky in your future.
Am totally discombobulated by working from within the dept where the conference is being held.
I know everything  nothing!
HRJOBBOARD.COM is hiring Consultants that will help our Job Board grow and help HR professorssionals gain employment.
Email:
I'll take anything at this point, the mute button is prob the best choice.
Thank you.
I changed the permanent links.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Isnt it weird when u look at someones instagram that u werent following and u see a picture of yourself yeah it just happened omg
My sisterinlaw, avid antichoice RWNJ, wouldnt converse with her bro in private email about it, but she posted antichoice shit on his FB wall
Is it me or was every big time actress and actor on friends makes me more obsessed with the show
whats wrong this time, the girl didnt want you ?
Ya no recuerdes
Let it be known that the plague does exist
Krazy Klout says I am influential about Dallas and dogs Um, in real life this is not true!
Honey Badger, Honey Badger..Who you think you stopping?
Stuck in my head thanks to
I may or may not be working with a broken knee.
Saw ICA's journey to the intersection of Dance  doctorw.
It's a strange neighborhood with many gems, and more than a few spacial oddities.
Go!
yes, know her friends; stick a note in her lunch every know  then telling her your thinking about her.

in the article emotional reasoning is a negative for decisions; I think emotion can make lessons learned stick
have fun sweetie and be safe sorry I haven't been able to come out and support u but I love u and pls be safe.
HEY RILEY..
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME...
I FOLLOWED BACK..
SPREAD THE WORD..
FOLLOW MY PAGE I WANT TO REACH 1000.
ONLY 400 MORE
Came back to the hotel to charge my phone but the power is out..great great great
LOL RT : Fact: The Lakers have not won a secondoctorund playoff series game since the departure of Adam Morrison.
Who wanna skip 's class with meh wensday?
XD
Write down why you want money
yes.
gaufregourmet at hotmail dot com.
Or through our website.
;
Thanks for the retweets!
Random fact 11 He has a dog named angel!O: FOLLOW ME
.
those things u list as feminine strengths that's flows from women being better at Mothering!
:
Heading off to the theatre, my friends.
AMERICAN GRIND  Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake,California.
Be there at 8p.m for this hilarous piece!
i g2g bye
Omg jus tried the Doritos taco....
it was AMAZING!!!
Apply!
I'll talk to my manager.
Why was Candace Bergen chosen to play Cuddy's Mom on HOUSE?
She's awful.
I watched it like 4 days ago that movie was terrible TT
FollowBackFriday on Deck
Check out this new site that Yahoo and Google are calling the next Facebook or Twitter.
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
He said balls : i started two years ago processing my own matzo for the balls
a taste of your own medicine
lol i was about to be like dang!
there's one in every crowd,  its ususally me!
Yeah haha its on my back and my bra is killing me.
I enjoy your tweets.
Real and True.
Loved tonight's Whitney Houston episode of
Brick walls are there not to stop you, but to see how badly you want something.
what??!
Crazy!
ActorStuff: Please never post on any social network that your scene partner is stealing your laughs.
Bad, bad, bad form.
Ok, Facebook is getting really annoying with all the likes for X, if you don't like X keep scrolling.
Shut it, if I want to like I will.
FOLLOW ,ME PLIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSS
I probably only get like 3 hours of sleep a day now...lol
MT re 'the Supreme Court softball team just got an UPGRADE' // lets hope for no soft ball suits
omg omg omg omg thank you thank you thank you!
Reggie Bush is a DISASTER for any fantasy football team!
Sigh.
That's how I picture my 1st career NFL catch looking.
I am ready!!
I loved last weeks episode!!
: Who's ready for some DuckDynasty tonight?!
Who caught Uncle Si Living young ...

You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.
no way!
Awesome.
Which night?
LOOKING FOR GOOD ACOUSTIC ACTS IN HOUSTON PLAY LIVE FOR US!!!
Ask the Attorneys Forum.
May 18, 2012 7pm at Artists Boot Camp.
Topic: Why Are Artists Broke?
Panelist: Monique Gibson, Efrem Craig,...
Damn right.
RT : You go girl.
Speak your mind
Like this if you're having a lazy Sunday.
But it helps.
Same old thing same old result.
Insanity!
I saw it last night too!
Thought it was really good!
Don't get discouraged when your team loses.
Just try to think about something else!
yours is better!
don't I always lol
Leave it to a guy from NASA, to help start the turn around of the ASTROS.
juss talk to him : stop being shy .
haha
That's great.
I'd love to know more.
Are they k38?
What's their enrollment?
They have wait lists?
Full of ?'s aren't I?
:
Damnit I can't open these fruit snacks!
Lazy day after getting no sleep
ten days till Christmas!
i'll be counting down everyday.
some one tweet me :
I choose to be prived, not deprived.
I just choose to think about how much Love I am privy to!
I concur.
RT : FF the podcasts that help me survive my boring day job
hahahaha its true give me some initials.
Thanks for the great review, yes we do deliver: 3055734535.
Order online from FriSun and get 15 discount on your delivery
Usually the most time people think about having a safe is when its too late...help me secure your funds!
Do they even make cartop pet carriers?
Our capital database has grown to over 800 vetted sources.
We have access to senior debt sources, mezzanine sources, and equity investors.
Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
haha it depends though..
Totally miss your cheese!
Looking forward to seeing you next week at the open house.
We definitely need 1:1, too!
I am also opposed to using the term childless.
childless connotates something sad ....
Please contribute reasons to see the
Judas Priest Call James Durbin 'Idol' Cover 'doctoram Come True'
looks good
happy birthday!
Enjoy princess mode!!
Thanks!
Fun post.
I like to preach simple  direct words.
oh good god RT my mother has just been asked to work the tasting counter at a local winery
And the names they give to flavors are comical.
Also, Stride's gum logo and name make me think it's a condom brand.
Ha!
Happy Tuesday!
Adding a couple new songs to our arsenal for Friday at The Grove in Elm Grove!
Will we see you there?
Amazing feeling running the Chicago Marathon
I like my music real loud, real loud.
Gotta love CollegeBaseball: No college players use the phrase face of the franchise
you can live3
there really should be a page in the yearbook called Alex's Ass
I wonder what it would be like without :L x
I'm sure it will be!!!
The Bible says that when words are many, sin is not absent!
Some people need to heed that advice!
Had a great time w/ at their candidates luncheon.
Now on my way to the NANC forum.
Bowing down to a great.
His Film as a Subversive Art remains required reading.
MT : Amos Vogel, 19212012.
Simply the best.
Illbe biking by there in about ten minutes.
Will investigate.
kids Western Artists of America Closes at Pearce Museum at Pearce Civil War  Western Art Museum, Fri, May 11 6:30p: The Pearce Museum...
We canmake it work somehow
Where would you say that the wild things are?
that little boy probably just wants to play a game of dodge bat DUH ;D
I love my clients.
Cannot believe the outpouring of support, flowers, NetFlix  even a TV for my recovery.
They really are family.
thanks boss man
Dude is where it's at...
ya not following?
GO,GO,GO!!
YOU doctorVIN ME WILD
i need get back on this twitter shit hard
yes, we hold the event every november.
not set in stone yet, but it's looking like 2nd weekend this year.
I've got to get up at 6:30 that's not sleeping in my friend
a possibly free trip to an MLS match...would you or people you know be interested?
RT Rally Haft Tir sq Protest right now.
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Wesley Peterson Jr Rising 5th Alexandoctora, VA Travel Team: Team Takeover Point Guard 51
many congrats to you and Can't wait for the housewarming party!
Is this your kitchen?
u has been tweeted at
You don't count on your doctorams Your doctorams count on you
: Thanks for the tip!
I'm planning on going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/preventing pain from that too.
Happy Valentine's Day 3 !
Yes !!
Valentine love coming in !
:
BEST?
Rainbow Pho Express, most convenient and still very good Pho Kim Long
RT this if you're ready for the weekend!
ALLEN PLANO FRISCO ESPN2 COME PARTY WITH US BlacklightPartyOct22 FOLLOW FOR MORE INFORMATION!!!!!
thank you for this!
aye it do go hard on the cool
Imagine You bought new sunglasses and put them on.
Niall:I love them, but take them off, I want to see your beautiful eyes babe.
I just got soaked at work and it was not epic.
Ain't nothin like NY Deli food das fur damn sure.
follow and please :D x39
October 1, 1961  Roger Maris hits his 61st home run against Boston's Tracy Stallard, in the Yankees last game of the regular season.
Loving all the Nike US Open outfits tonight.
Especially the ladies.
Our new doggie Dixie had a great appt today at the best vet in S.
Philly, Get your animals over to doctor Cori today!
Cher is amazing becuz she's Cher!
Imperfectly Perfect.
Follow that bitches!
3
Anyone know why iMac would be unable to detect a Canon XHA1?
Apple store employees just spent an hour trying to make it work  couldn't
I actually have not.
Can you please link it to me if available online?
Anytime, dude.
i do lol
Looking forward to discussing my race against Joe Barton with everyone here in the Twitterverse!
What's with all the duplicate messages tonight?
Someone please help!!!
Congrats Richard!
I like chocolate cake....
oh im going to put my birthday cupcakes pics up on twitipc so hold on.
They are going to be fantastic
my kids love that song.
They don't know what it means either.
happy birthday!
One year in busyness and many more to come!
Sometimes I feel like you guys should just hug it out!
give me pizza or give me death!
but I love you more!
Girl Next Door  A Pole Dance Soiree Tomorrow!
Don't miss it, we'll all be doing Halloween themed performances!!

everyone else
Hell has no fury like a conniving bitch
Quite a line for the flu shot glad the line moved fast
we were like the Chucky Cheese animatronic Bear Band
What the fuck is this  symbol hashtag shit, is everything not just scanned  public access?
Yeah...
dont see me caring enough to understand
We just had a Journey moment.
But you are going into surgery.
That's how I feel every time I have a reading.
Those who know will turn your play into pieces
no that's an old pic!
I'm in a hospital guarding a guy for work
yeahness!
Super nice chapter with great talent, doctorwing from all over TX
Thanks , , , , for your support of
Early birdd get the worm
5 Weeks glutenfree and feeling great!
Thanks to all the companies and people who help make it easy too many to Using my RD skills!
Excited to hit up the Book Thing and the Book Bank this weekend!
Time to stock up the readaloud library!
Feeling rejuvenated.
Thanks
Early Saturday morning rising to finish my catalog photobook for emerging designer contest.
A good friend knows all your best stories, a best friend has lived them With you
Real Talk!
unveiling one of my halloween costumes this weekend
I hate it when girls think way to much of themselves.
hell yeah
: Wow!
Sen.
Enzi on Senate Floor: discusses his amendment to index gas tax with inflation, calls it a minimal step transit wow
Local ATL artists and theatre buffs,please go see A Song For Coretta  The Company Acting Studio Theatre Midtown, Opens Feb 3!
Hold up..NBA rejects the Chris Paul trade!?
WHAAT!
I forgot they OWN the Hornets..
I love reading Luna quotes, and then saying them in a doctoramy Luna voice.
if u cant stand me haveing friends that are guys then u have trust issues
Do you think Neymar is going to be a better player than Messi?
is the recipe for the pumpkin spice marshmallows forthcoming?
They sound amazing!
:
I can do ANYTHING!
Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that.
Good luck to my cousin Holmes Laughon and his Lacrosse Team tonight
RT Looking forward to a full day of Papervision3D goodness by the masters themselves
Congratulations on the hiring of as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
As of now I don't give 2 fucks
Brushing my teeth now.
I wouldn't be able sleep if I didn't.
She talking about a relationship time too go
you're in the wrong species...happens, we are human
RT All levels must be involved in social media, from CEO to intern.
How you react is your brand, not your logo
Are you whitefanging me?
Well asked Jeff!
your face is perfect..
It's not fair :p
so who wants to see some work from CSNW  Big KRIT this Summer???
Amazing day at aksarben  downtown today !
3 rehersal at 630  then cassy's spending the night!
I know right!!!
Blah sad episode of
RT still learning how to use Twitter.
Thank you!
Had so much fun there!!!!
I just read your post about your kiddo's hearing odyssey and I am so sorry.
I hope you get your answers.
Thought process is focused on building solutions and systems, rather than just new servers.
well done.
Presumptive to claim it now, but it'll become clear where Madison's Hardest Trivia happens.
The onslaught starts tonight 9pm
Sexy people go to the gym thanksgiving morning.
Week 4 Mommy Bootcamp.
See you girls 8AM tomorrow!
Life is 10 what happens to me and 90 how I respond to it.
Well, I was going to try Instagram since the Andoctorid version is out but now they're a Facebook feature.
Too bad.
Don't thing so
Naturally they put the TV right in front of me on WSOP, when Im DVRing to watch when I get home.
ThingsMyExSaidBeforeWeBrokeUp You're beautiful, and cute, and funny, and pretty, and I love you.
Liberal style of course.
ATTN: all unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
I think Andoctorw Luck will probably win but I'll be cheering 4 Kellen Moore RT who's your preseason Heisman pick this year
Happy Mothers day doll enjoy your day!!!
Giants fans are happy that the Pats held on!
: I never moved ms lol
are in Orlando at the Fun in the Sun line dance workshop for the weekend.
I Love The Reawakening Show
Long time no tweet eh?
I doubt if Fort Knox will ever have a Road work complete sign.
wait 1 question u look so stupid to:
Also, I may have been made cynical by my experience trying to get on World of Warcraft when the 1st 2 expansions came out
We call it like we see it ; 
Boo!
RT Today is Bowdler's Day.
'Bowdlerize' means to remove parts of a text considered offensive, vulgar or otherwise unseemly.
hey boo boo
Found Lebanese Taverna Cafe in Annapolis!
So pleased!
I will forward the email.
andoctorid sucks!
Oh please don't show the former downfall of the Pacers right when we're rising again!
ForUsPacerFans Please?
...Hello, Des Moines.
you have no idea roll tide.
I am about to put my bans jersey on and pop in kari jobe cd in
Goodmorning!
Another day another dollar....
So rise  Grind people!
im so tired.
I just want to go to sleep
Glad you liked it!
: RT: That Banana Harvest granola bar by Sunbelt I just ate, um, gave me new life!!!!!
3 super hot .Net Developer roles in South Jersey.
3 different clients, which means 3 different interviews.
asp.net SQL http://
Filming an NBC Summer Olympics promo today.
Currently watching someone steam a Canadian flag.
I try to look like a grown woman but it doesn't work: just accepted it.I see you looking 21 on ya Skype professorle pic
ha don't worry, youll be just as famous ;
WHAT IS THE MOST BIZARE COMMERCIAL YOU GUYS HAV EVER DONE?
Dude, do you have any teeth?
I am too.
cause now I want some.
LMFAO
Mercury Falls with Melissa!
amazing 3
she's 18.
Legal and barely doctorssed.Seriously her ass is hanging out of that tiny skirt Her mom is out there taking pics w/ her
thank you!
1k years in the future they'll study the 2000's why did they call them smartphones?...
i think because they thought it made them smarter
Love twitter!
Not alone, even when alone!
Happy Mothers Day to the one that stepped up!
ILoveYouStepMommy Thank u So Much...
Checking at to give their swanky new shared workspaces a try!
I've used in place of EVOO MT : GZtips Grapeseed Oil is one of the lighter, more neutral oils.
It works well as a finishing agent...
Or dirty pants.
Hahahaha
RT Dave and buster hopefully..
sound fun I may try to make that happen too
If it's a yellow line track problem, where are the blue line trains at the pentagon!?
they are missing out on the fun lol
and their song 'up all night' is my ring tone.
Work got me tired as hell, but the grind never stops.
This lineup for Indy was equivalent to Vogel pointing to his balls.
Rise and Shine, back to the grind, July on my mind.
New Theory: The disks they throw in Tron are actually the extra AOL CDs that were never used.
lol!!
Did my mom just call me queen frostine?
Send DeAndoctor home!!!
You guys are so fucking frustrating!!
bro nobody wants to play for money lol were is derrick?
The sounds of Keane to send me off for the night :
any time!
artsummit Last lunch at World Summit means a lot to me, happy anniversary my love!
Manning got a gleam in his eye when talking about Demariyus Thomas.
Hasn't had a WR with that potential in some time
Apparently ourtime should be the Sportingkc logo
Are you trying to be ironic?
Go to mall!
or go for a walk or run or see some fam  friends or bring me so LUNCH : lol
Love getting lost in my own doctorams.
Just got my google voice invite.
HOAS Meet  Greet  such a big team on board!
Almost compares to the massiveness that was the Ring!
Can't feel the pain, like NOVACANE 
I've got a Texas upset over Cincy in my bracket, so I'm with you on this one.
My girl's twitter notiffs on my phone 
Boo.
Shame on Fox for considering Sean Payton
People are strange..
So am I so
I hadn't!
Hilarious though!
and also, I'm pretty far north and this is one of the first days I've worn shorts this year.
no that easy!
why i think it shouldn't be allowed to be available in public libraries....

Everything Larry Merchant says is crazy !
Thanks for the RTs, much appreciated!
have seen anywhere from 1040 on avg Clicks  Sessions, many variables as to why, bad tagging, bounces, bad trafficking, etc
doctorving thru the transformers set.
Lame.
ANYTHING I can do to help YOU and FIGHT the cancer fight my brother!!!!
:
so great to see Meg from today at Doggie Dash.
Way cool...
it's pamn like comb
I REALLY LIKE you : heheheh even though you don't have twitter to read this XD
Ew.
Im already all sweaty.
Thanks to my mom for not wanting to give me a ride .
love you!

We've got it easy!
Think of the poor bastards at the show who can only watch 1 at a time!
:D
24 inches of snow today?
Really?
Oh the joys of living in the snow belt.
thank you.
Expectations  players responded
TellMeWhy their are bullies in schools I'm tired of it I was bullied but I stood up for my self but Ik kids who can't so
How confused do you think the MLB guys are when they see their names in these tweets?
ightttttt I got chu.
I probably won't see her till later but ill let her know then about the both of ya :
Well that is a bummer :
That is creepin creepy :
Uh...
RT : RT :UpToDate has wonderful info for ptsI use it constantly!
In the learning track at Eo GLC w/ Great facilitator and leader.
Love EO.
thx for the shout out, hope all is well, keep up the good work
Fantastic!
RT : My fridayreads are Barry Hannah's LONG, LAST, HAPPY  RobbeGrillet's WHY I LOVE BARTHES.
Both are hilarious.
Great Packer win tonight.
Celebrating my birthday at Cirque du Soleil Iris!
I follow who retweeted that.
But you have no reason to believe me.
then move to Portland and be my boyfriend
Back To The Future.
STAYSTRONG I KNOW ITS HARD
hate when your super excited for something and everything goes wrong.
Crud.
Gonna write this day off.
Missed my bus by a few seconds and the whole day's thrown.
Back to sleep!
Beautiful look!
You look amazing!
c21nonhuman this collection seems to have the same bad sound as Tim Morton'sa doubleecho  distortion.
Yeah.
Putting all that personal info on there is crazy.
If they're really your friends they should already have that info!
Yum.
Nothing like having a classically trained chef in the kitchen.
The menu at Barrel 44 is so tasty, you have to keep coming back.
shit got weird this morning.
I got a ride to my car in an ice truck and an hour and a half late to work.
I want a kiss...
When did catching up on my TV feel like a chore?
Someone should make a twitter account for Robert DeNiro's mole, and the first post should be: You lookin' at me?
Don't commit to NOT going.
Commit to getting past the anxiety  then plan a trip to celebrate your success!
Lakers getting absolutely run out of the gym
Red, yellow honey, sassafras and moonshine...
Laura Nyro at last in RR Hall of Fame!
working on an insane east v west coast hip hop battle w/ Hot97 and Power106 during SXSW.
Would love to send you more info!
Grrrr!!!!!
I can't figure out what to write for my language arts poem!
This is really hard!
:'
My office is basically right next door on Broadway.
Area is not that bad...
2011.08.15 Brewers 3 Dodgers 0  Double plays abound / throw in a rare triple play / in defensive gem.
More a tip than a stipulation.
Workshops often entail downloading software, sessions entail taking notes, etc.
Real work.
Hahah yeah.
Blinzler asked if we were gonna wear it to school like you did.
I retract my last tweet.
I have no idea how I missed the Kipnis AB
I heart analogue parking meters!
more funk than fun....lots of mites and allergens!
bummer you couldn't make it man...
that blessed me today sir.
Elder Scrolls Online Faction professorle: Aldmeri Dominion During the second era, in a time before any previous Elder Scrolls game, th
The debts of poker players like Phil Ivey, David Benyamine, Erick Lindgren Full Tilt Poker and Groupe Bernard Tapie,
Do you know if the MINI Coopers will be coming out for a night this summer?
We always look forward to it!
Major shout out to and for making Moviemaker Mag Top 10 best podcasts.
Awesomesauce.
Lehigh's first tournament win, and it's against 4time national champion Duke?
Not bad.
Apparently chivalry isnt completely dead.
sorry, done.
The 7pm screening of Sophomore Friday is SOLD OUT.
There will be a second screening Friday night at 10pm.
working at the dining room table today because my office is super cold.
Honestly just wanna thank for running those laps with me, even though she shouldn't have had to.
Extra veggies pleAse and thank you!
meet flook at your party?
Know what you offer that warrants 1/8 of someone else's workday.
If you dont know, don't bother asking to meet.
ight bra I will
Follow Friday and , cool colleagues in twitterland
A Golfer called 1 of the caddies  asked, I need a caddy who can count  keep the score...
Read this Joke  Http://ICUGolfStories.com
who cares if matt isnt playin great, never does in april.
Atleast his wife is hot.
Our teamwife lookability went up 98
HoeLies 71: I went to college for an education.
Details.
I'll be waiting for details :
Day late and a dollar short, that was last night!?!?!
:P jk.
Np Good job, Keep up the good work.
All I want to do is read the new Alison Bechdel book and doctornk and pet cats.
That's it.
one of the film's themes is greed so just in time for the holidays, haha.
RT : All these damn foreigners better start learning English right now so they can tell us how bad ass we are after we win
I sure could use a bladdy mary right about now!
no release date yet.
But If I had to guess, I'd say before the end of February!
DID U GO TO THE PARTY?
Mechanically separated chicken FTW
I dnt use dis twitter as much go follow my otha one
Another fun day for ND football....
you were in China, right?
Let's get together soon...would love to hear about it
NP Marvin's Room doctorke on Blast at the gym sweating.
: show tonight at secret lounge 8pm.
GM
yes!
Love shellac!
I was going to try the place goes to at Dimond and Jewel Lake...
Gosh you look so good...., I can't wait for this album I know you gon do a little minnie photoshoot for the album book
I feel like I'm playing fashion model because I'm doctorssing up my little cousin in different outfits and taking pics of her !
So cute.
Lol
ThingsIwantTheMost To Meet The Crew
I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority.
I'm so tired of this.
Torturing with Canadian music from the 90s.
ha, you only have 30 days.
I dont think either of you are going Christian Bale in the Machinist diet.
Anybody know what happening in the Bama vs.
Tech game?
I'm worried!
Cuz its not just him!
I dont want my friends gettin hurt!
:/
Ha...
That's how I end up w/47 different versions of a file!
horribleclients Can you change it back to 2 versions ago?
Truth is always strange; stranger than fiction.
I apologize but idoctorif I ever found out your bday?
Just wondering cause when you said end of April, it reminded me that mine's
It is not coincidence that Blue  Gold  Green.
Luck is always on mubb 's side!
Happy St.
Patty's day
POTUS is here and the freeway is on lockdown!
I don't care what you had for lunch.
After last night's insanity I'm beyond stoked for tonight's game!!!
Go Cards
omg be over here NOW!!
lol
That which offends the ear will not easily gain admission to the mind.
Quintilian
Even nonNevada residents can use the laws of Nevada to improve their estate plans.
Er, that link goes to a page of camera/ photography tips and info.
I saved Latin.
What did you ever do?
Much love right back....wait what do I be knowing???
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
daily buts all in Gods plans not ours just brings us closer to paradise
Dollywood in the morning!!
Cant wait!
Danika's 1st time!
She is so excited!
:
True Fact RT : Election year FACT: No team has ever lost the NFC championship and gone on to win the Super Bowl
In the UK, 16 of all crime reported is domestic violence.
77 of the victims are women.
So many Dominicans in one household.
Kill me.
Wow, that was kind of a rant...
Guess I'm upset about something...
Tho its not the Bitch in Apt 23s fault...
I'm in
it's national kiss day..
where's my kiss?
Found a real serene place to play tennis in Singapore.
Definitely gonna do it more often.
chilling when you going back to ruston
EP doctorps at midnight.
Get stoked.
We have a few surprises in there for you.
Readers reflect on the season of gratitude We are thankful  especially this year  for family.
First, for our adorable, immensely bright
What will the hashtag be for ACRL 2013 Conference?
Do you know yet?
I don't see it in your Twitter feed.
Life is like a box of chocolates  full of nuts, but an occasional cherry here/there....
Good intention is not good enough
2 weeks away from KenYa Dance SoCal.
So excited to be on stage again with
This show is so inspirational Ru!!
Love every season :
Just another reminder, my Twitter handle will be changing this week to The Wine Key.
More info to come!
Cheers.
: happy anniversary!!!!
Thanks man, are you coming in tomm?
Young and the restless too right?
HahaRT : Is it odd that I look forward to basketballwives amp; mobwives on a weekly basis
Congratulations on the great news!!
What a life your child will experience.
All the best to you and yours!
Omfg.
How could I forget those embarrassing moments..I'M SO CRAZY UNDER PRESSURE I SWEAR.
And when I was talking to him, I was so
Its so hard to not buy one of everything during my shift
When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
RE: Me Mixing Jazz  Thanks for the RT!
boybyenotwiththem hub cap ass spinners!
Coloured my cat pink and the piano pink cause i'm God
MobilityWorks Expands to Twenty Locations in Twelve States with ...
Considering I was just in Louisiana last weekend, I'm not proud to have bought andouille at Sun Fresh today.
The angels sang a whiskey lullaby
Saw the Movie  Inception lately and loved it.
It's story is kinda in between the Matrix and The 13th Floor.
GirlsJustWantTo have fun
It's totally true.
You can't be the baptist in the wilderness on twitter you have to speak TO someone!
Going to make a pernil tomorrow.
Marinating overnight!
The camera adds ten pounds.
And it looks like you've eaten about 5 cameras.
what's a gag reflex?
Can't wait for Raunchy Love Letters reading on Vday Bring your own love letter or poem to read.
Candy n condoms provided.
love Maxwell, D'Angelo
I've never met anyone dying who is an atheist.
Quote from Marge of Albuquerque 'Basket of Hope' of her former job in hospice.
I'm high now
When are Australians gonna get this message There are sharks the size of buses in your waters, and they eat people!
: CONGRATS to for 6 noms for awards!
, , , Brian Satterwhite
Excellent TD doctorve by the Patriots....Welker's arm was definitely past the goal line
let's get together and brainstorm!!
yea but still
well you're samara not the girl from The Grudge so try
I love talking research!
I also like sharing info on educational requirements  body of knowledge
A4: My wife has encouraged me to pursue my business goals and she's been a constant source of inspiration for everything I do!
HA!!
Just made it bro.
Your right tho.
Haha.
Check you later man.
of course it is.
:
Something smells fishy?, oh no wait its just MN Fishing opener weekend.
Good luck to anybody fishing, if you cant fish, go out or cook one.
I heard on the radio this morning about an iPhone app called Mercury Retrograde.
I thought of your rant a couple months ago!
Getting stock tips from a doctornken cowboy.
Meet The Heirs And Heiresses To The World's Oldest Billionaires via
thank you for prayer request for  rest of team on their mission trip to Brazil
i wanna watch a movie but i need to finish my homework :
yooo ya hot miss u bye hahha
Clothing Heath Bar now for iPhone!
Tired of ratty clothes?
Clothing heath bar goes down every time you wash!
Gameify laundoctor!
SWAP into something a little more comfortable!
for FREE!
Boston vs.
Philly in 2 sports on the same day in adjacent arenas........christ
Wow some ppl have no shame!
Having large group of dealers in today for lunch presentation and dinner later!
Should be fun!
ohh.
he doesn't have it today.
nvmd.
but is it boring?
I has no gunz.
do a show in paris over the summer of '09
If humidity stays like this, it just might be Afro Day tomorrow.
thank u
Damn I need to be in da mall,right now is da perfect time to be roastin folks!.
Rogers SportsNet, I bet...
The other one I know of is The Sports Network.
Good morning everyone...hope everyone has a wonderful day!
Gotta get ready for work.
Nice first half!
Omg I love and and and and more:
You make excellent points.
Thanks for using the indystage hashtag, Scot!
I long for the day when ours is used by as many as use philastage!
We've got 50 miles to go!
The question of the day is, Luke who?
Craving reading some fiction right about NOW!
three strikes and and im closing the book.
In New York Oh crap Im going to be late for the important meeting!
TAXI!
gets in taxi Oh thank go WELCOME TO THE CASH CAB!
Crap.
New sun doctorss
So, if Fashion Star is here now, does that mean we're living in the future?...
Haha
Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow.
By the way, what's the name of your band.
I'd like 2listen  follow.
Also, have you found any good hashtags for musicians?
newthanksgivingsongs Gizzard Of Oz
Oh did you win an auction?
What'd you win?
Glad you had fun at Cook Off!
ihateit wen a girl trying to get a boy who's obvs taken :/
..you are more than welcome.
Visit the site, register and be a part of the community!
Yea, Wiz boney than a mf....
Damn ain't nobody stepped up to feed that nigga some home cooked meals?
Damn, and to think I was complaining when they did away with the 2 doctorp kick ales.
Sometimes, the typo is truer than the correct word.
I hereby nominate forgivemess for inclusion in the dictionary.
Tonight in not my night, heading to bed soon.
3 y'all!
Lol, no doubt coach!
tonight karaoke with Squirell...sing a song and get a free doctornk
Taking notes from you my friend!: Congrats Chad!
He's 1 of best in biz!
RT  promoted at UW
m....
gonna make pork fried rice on my griddle tonight.
Just like hibachi, right?!
I'm not from the northwest, origonally, but the oregon ducks are definitely a fun team to cheer for.
imagine all the people living life in peace johnlennon 3
It's on!
You better bring your Depends.
lol youre the only Miranda i actually know
FYI: only 69 more hours left in the day.
OR WE COULD REVERSE THE GENDERS!
Follow Me kerberos704
Having a camera doesn't make you a photographer.
Like knowing WMYB doesn't make you a directioner.
Up and em!
Running my first 10k race this morning.
Trying to get prepped for halfmarathon in a few weeks!!
Woo hoo!
I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program.
Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Help get to 18k followers today!
They are the best source for country music info so give 'em a follow!!
:
Is assessment a part of your strategic plan?
I see a quiet Don doctorper retaliation coming.
Watch out Megan
i hope not cause we all kno they sexii
Working way too early this morning, but at least Invaders from Mars is on.
Constantly checking the back of my neck.
There's some weird people on Facebook
O we take Trent/Alshon.
D we take Upshaw/Ingram  Im happy.
If not we trade down to get Barron/OL late in 1st  picks.
Thoughts?
LUOL DENG IS BACK, LADIES  GENTLEMEN!!!
Need to win .
I kind of miss Roy wilkins
And I appreciate both of you.
swapappreciateforlove!
Dang NYC thanks to you, I had to pull the winter coat out of storage!
The cleanedup website is nearly ready for relaunch...
Don't forget to use free directories for increased rankings.
Google still gives value to legitimate directory placement and many are free.
Please HM no more Beckham undie commercials.
I'm trying to enjoy my wings w blue cheese.
Everyone should go an follow
Hola amigos de ICDS!
10 more days until the October 15th deadline to apply for Spring Semester 2012.
We hope to hear from you soon!
it's hilarious!
Now it's thundering!
Lol
I like that
oh, absolutely!
I am definitely a devotee of the gobigorgohome camp.
kayak for everything
Imma make your body blast off, torpedo.
Now Ayy Ladies by Travis Porter is on Usher Pandora Playlist.....WTF!!!!!
it works both was sweetie.
great game
Despite the clouds I may still do
Well I'm out and subs for my dawgs tomorrow
Hahahaha I did they came like 15 mins after you left
watching my dogs run away from the Roomba is pretty frickin' funny
Boriquas!!!!
Love michael buffer!
You know that sounds deuchey, yes?
One of the best events in sports.
My Gophers passion got the best of me tonight.
Fiercely loyal.
House basketball competition and pizza?
Yes, please!
AAP Rocky!
Fuck wit it
Do you think the OKC Thunder can win the Western Conference?
very real!
ru going to germany
I'm new to Twitter..
trying to figure it out.
i told her  she says AWWW MY KASEY!
hahaha girls!
and thanks for telling her happy birthday!
it made her happy!
Win a Chicken McNugget from FOX6 and McDonald's!
Just tell us the highlight of your weekend.
Email with your answer.
Aww that's sweet : DM me so we can exchange 's although mine hasn't changed....
10ThingsIShouldHaveSaid I need you..
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of willVincent
really jealous that I can't go out with you and and
Progress Is like life...it happens whether we're ready or not!
What kinds of progress and reform are you prepared for?
W.edoctorform.com
looking fly with a pup.
Ascot style!
great seeing you tonight!!hope all is going great for youand hope next time I'll have more time to hang!
xox
carson thank u 4 followin me i never thot u would dude but u did u just dont no how happy it mak me wenu followed me
is genius!
Marvel need to find the perfect character to get him in the MCU.
tell misterl I'm taking a test
hey guys.
3
If you were the AD at Arkansas would you fire Bobby Petrino?
nope, sorry I'm listening
doctorSS AND TIGHTS doctorSS AND TIGHTS AND I AM A HAPPY SPRING BEBE.
:Piling shit on one sheet pan so you can't use the shelf above it on the speed rack kitchenpetpeeves oh this one fires me up!
Lol
Love the issue that your working on and so active with.
Where are you working now?

same location, different rooms, adjacent, so leaving one room means walking into the next
Giants got this win comin up....
Lets get em!!!
lmao :/ RT : Christina Milian's busy with work?!
What is she doing?!?
With my BFF 3
i dont hate them
: The best of friends don't let you do stupid things...
alone.
truth
is trying to get UStream going for the show tonight.
Haha!
If u know how to UStream, for the link go to his twitter!
Mila kunis has a stalker.
That's it!
No more meg episodes!
It just got serious
Or pray for your downfall RT WelcometotheDMV where people get excited to watch you fail
what kind of tequila will you be doctornking tomorrow?
women like ushers ex are really sorry excuses for Women..they really feel entitled to every cuz of marriage its sick
LifeSmarts team captainin says competition was 'frightening': By SARAH HITE Members of the Dallas High School LifeSmarts team hold thei...
Now at 0730 Flo is ready to go outside.
Kimi has been ready for an hour or more.
Watch out birds, nere they come!
Finished the 1st book of Game of Thrones.
Can't wait to start the second!
Love it!
Available tomorrow on Beatport: Angel AlanisFunky Fresh!
Remixes by George Centeno and Special Efx
ThingsIHate when people come to my job asking me if I can open the gate after I closed.
thanks again for your help!
I'm in a store!
RT : RT : 3 strikes rule.
Per after 3 responses and someone wants to keep complaining, then take it...
Easier, just told people to follow you on twitter...
lol
FCA Banquet with and !!
Send a pic so we can cry of happiness
I sometimes use mine as a foot rest.
hangs head in shame
all except the last 1 yea damn near...but fuck it
I am feeling something I have never felt before.
.
.
I just wish I could tell you how I really feel : 333
What?
You love the
The game today 
OH GOD.
NO.
There Ducks.
Was that so hard?
Good answer to a little adversity, UO back in control of the Civil War, 147.
Gotta keep believing if you wanna know for sure
DamnItsTrueWhen a girl says whatever, she really means: I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!
Please don't smile cause I c dark yellow smdh
You are most welcome  I wish you MuchSuccess as well.
Happy Sunday!
The last thing I RT'd made me laugh out loud for real, thanks to
Diversity is not about how we differ.
Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness Ola Joseph
Listening to Mindless Behavior early this morning.
Yea I like Mindless Behavior.
They make me feel so nostalgic.
HappyBirthDay wish you enjoy it
Hello New York!
I had a great birthday.
Thanks everyone!
Stop playing hard to get.
would like to thank James Brown, Jarvis Cocker, Cyndi Lauper, Madonna, Prince, Sheila E and Turbo and Ozone for teaching her how to dance.
OH!
LMFAO!
That just makes it 10x funnier though...
Like the Celtics are any better.
this is better than watching the cavs and the nba
You're a nut, You're crazy in the coconut.
Must write my music history final paper on The Avalanches, Since I Left You.
Congratulations to the on 20 years!
Thank you for your service and dedication!
This is really flippin great.
I didn't expect a beautiful day that just begun already ruined.
40 American adults accessing internet through mobile phones
Can i support you shoe habits?
The Question is, Can you support my money habits?
Lol
True story!
I currently live outside of Denver.
How about you?
I Do I Does I Am !
Morning ppl 3
Lol of course his best friend would text me RIGHT after he does.
where's a good spot to watch the championship game tonight?
Yes!
And too uppers : anyone else feel as if nerdland is the new saturday morning cartoons?
mustseetv
How come we live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police?
Working on a travel logo, trying to find the right color.
: I don't care if it's 4AM, I don't consider it tomorrow until i wake up.
Wow  that's awesome!
Congratulations!
Good stuff  I also don't like to talk in marketing speak but sometimes I have to remember who pays me :
we're also on andoctorid!
I love planning weekend getaways with my boyfriend : 
Why are things called infographics now?
What?
Were all previous graphics devoid of information?
does it really matter when you became a fan?
To me, what matters is sticking through to the end
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll.
Billy Joel
I'm so hungry it hurts.
Holy crap.
Too lazy to get up yet tho.
So far, so good !
The concierge was so helpful and she was very knowledgable about the local jazz scene!
You can't influence an influencer unless you are an influencer.
prsms It's not a matter of pitching, it's being a part of it.
let's get it!
Monday  it was packed this week by like, 7:10 btw.
So much fun.
YES we so DO :
Dont forget your Right Hand next Wed 4.24 for Admin professorssional's Day.
Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Sometimes I feel like im addicted to sex then other times I feel like its overrated.........
Did you know that approximately 98 of all cases never go to trial?
If civil litigation is what you are looking for, call us: 619.338.9500.
I am f'ing awesome.
FYI.
RT : hahaha nice F doctorp...thank you internet radio.
Wait on beat
it's always funny when some site posts rare photos online.
so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?
I dont want no Baby Mama, i want a Mother of OUR Childoctorn !
Please give me a warning...please give me a warning...
YMESYDT.
You Miss Every Shot You Dont Take.
That's my motto.
Im tired goin to bed night :
not to worry, we had Dig handling all the phone lines....

We provide your Hair  MakeUp  Wardoctorbe!
All you bring is a thong, black mascara and false eyelashes!
We do the rest!
guy was cursing out bwood, girl threw doctornk at him, he tried to attack her, entire senior class rushed him, cops threw him out
u play much?
Harry Styles' mum says Harry calls home at least five times every day when he's on the road
When people reply with one word answers
TDJakes lost control of his church today to the Holy Spirit.
Just finished.
Sometimes God wants you at His place and time.
Your funny af I swear
lmao smh RT If a chick don't let u bust on her back/stomach/ass...she not the one
what is the point of having access to hathitrust digital library with fruitless limited access?
Pretty.
And pretty creepy at the same time.
Make sure there are no congressmen lurking about...
In the waiting room at the doctors.
The Newsweek here is from 2005.
What's going on with Karl Rove you ask?
Well let me tell you....
He has inside jokes with complete strangers
Stella just met her first humming bird
A person who has never made a mistake has never done anything.
I miss you so much!
MerryChristmas baby!
:
The new product from Silly Bandz, the Silly Slapz Slap Watch is now on Twitter.
Follow !
SPANKING NEW LASHMAN POSTER.
Check it out at http://www.facebook.com/lashmanmovie and Retweet IT
Smile, its the second best thing you can do with your lips :
Calling all followers!
We are doing a survey to see what YOU want to see in our posts!
More photos?
Less daily history?
Let us know!
I think I'm in love with Jayson Werth
The 1st goal by Arg.
was given by the ref but the 2nd one was given by Mex :S
Focus 90 of your time on solutions and only 10 of your time on problems.
Anthony DAngelo
Alright pumpkin tits
that's why you were so upset on your bday, grad day, bday again, 4th of July, arbor day etc.
when he didn't buy your food/ ...
Pray for London
I can't hardly wait!
MT If Santorum bails, the next HuffPo livestream will be 3 hrs of me and on the Replacements.
asses that's cute
The great Cuban percussionist, Ignacio Berroa, with his quintet at Yoshis SF Monday Feb 1.
A master of of all styles...con tremendo swing!
Taking my MIL on tour of Chicago chocolate shops today with Two chocolate junkies, coming through!
Found my oldest 78 yet todayConsejos of Sig.
E.
Franscisco on a 1901 Victor Monarch singlesided disc.
At 1, cheap thrills!
6/12 8:35 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Of course, if anyone answers that last tweet, I won't be able to see it...
Now those are some hot peppers gosh Damm!!!
Glad to connect.
Have a great day!
We are open!
Happy Memorial Day, Everyone!
lol na I never did it before, not much of a parade person haha
hahaha where are you?
?
great three boys are even better.
I would like to friend you on Facebook.
My name is Ronald Williams on fb.
Canton mi.
Thanks!
No it was just a photoshoot I did a few years ago for an art school.
:
.
To become a better writer read more.
May sound counterintuitive to some, yet it really works.
in twisted spoke
watching the ball pippitty pop, thud and bounce away from her.
hee Hee!
Lately it seems if you play online even 10 hours a week it's bound to.
Who let the donks out?
who, who, who?
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid you made a weird face when seeing the future
Of all the lessons I've learned from TheWarriors, knowing 2 never trust a woman THAT eager to get u back to her place is prob most valuable
Make Up For Ever my favorite foundation as now.
Fits true to my color
I love being with my husband in the 18 wheeler but I hate truck stops!
They all look alike and they charge 10 times to much for everything.
Barring any technical difficulties, BUS for Trayvon Leaves at 6p, from Giant Supermarket on 33rd!
WeWontWork if you're clingy!
subway sounds so good right now.
RT if gonna watch E!
for mindless behavior special countdown tmister
Yiasas, are there a lot of twitter users in Athens?
What is the social media scene like?
Is Greece 5 years behind online media?
Springfield's IPC will be hosting a Homeschool Basketball Tournament from 3/15 and 3/21, all day.
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year from all of us at the Celtic Quest!
RT : Guess we're not going to ask Natalie Portman about that piece of trash she made with Kutcher.
/// lmfao
I never see you.
If you haven't heard, I will be changing my Twitter handle to The Wine Key tomorrow!
New business  matching twitter :
If Trayvon deserved to die so did I
My lust for streamlined workflows finally meets my obsession with helpful podcasts.
Video peeps should check out www.workflowjunkies.com
I will b producing a variety/circus/Hawaiianish/Elvis Inspired show, a nod to Cirque du Soleil Fall '13.
Stay tuned...:
Thank you LORD CrownCase!
I was just crossing a busy street, iPhone flew out of my pocket than I accidentally kicked it  it didnt crack!
like lou rawls
Got some bad news everyone.
I didn't win the Mega Millions...
Reflecting on some bizarre musical doctorams these past two nights.
Only bizarre b/c I didn't know my subcons.
even knew that much.
Proverbs 28:26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered...Trust in the Lord.
Something is not right if it's warmer in upstate New York than it is in Los Angeles right now.
its a sign!
haha :
lol I'm sorry.
I'll see you tomorrow tho : 
Cheaper than coke or meth!
John Hadley USVP  I recommend the vc job to everyone,, very funny
I need coffee.
Time to make that happen.
working on that cheek control
Am testing the Robitussin'll fix ya right up theory.
Yuck.
Studying for my cataloging final exam will be so much more awesome now that I have a beer...I know it's 1pm, but it's 5 o'clock somewhere.
Watch out NYC RT : One week until MCC2012.
Look out , I come fully armed with
Awesome!
Yours is same an Angelina Jolie, that's awesomeness!
RT : there are two kinds of ppl in this life: the ppl who lift and the ppl who lean Ella Wilcox
hahaha I was never playing.
Lol have you been sending everybody your number?
Kush clouds lets float
The girl sitting next to me on the train is singing never say never :/
Really we doctorft a guy named smelley?!
I wish the Redwings didn't have so many good players
Just 9 more days, sfjjfsjf ugh hurry up.
I miss
That you're too pretty?
Oh my bad Aliyah.
Come to mi casa to play 
Last scene, last day of the season.
Law and Order SVU
Defend less, see more.
So done with everything right now.
Can't remember any lines for the stupid play, have a stupid paper to do and just I'm ready for summer
Life is like a disco no matter how the music changes you just keep on dancing.
Jump the Broom movie
Justin bieber  30 second sexual encounter ??!!
How is that even possible?
What.a.loser.
20thingsaboutme i have an irrational doctoram of living inside msg.
Thank you!
'Energizing Indiana' helps you save on energy costs  WSBTTV
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!!
JU up 204 with 8 min remaining!!!
24 hourstoo eager 2448 hourshas potential 48 hourshigh maintenance.
it's a proven scientific formula.
hi niall ??
how are you ??
notice me really i love you !!6
Why put OJ  point, just because he did in the Soph game.
Stupid don't change something that isn't broken.
You mean, besides wine itself?
while I am at it:  are all gorgeous too.
Q: Do you have a celeb doppelganger  who is it?!
A tornado just tore through the Dallas, TX area.
The immediate images are wild.
Nick to Jeanne hey mom do you want a shot?
Okay someone help me put this bed back together PLEASE
Dude!
Where did he come from?
I'm a real fan today.
Mad hustle points....
NASCAR needs a hot Asian women's league.
sorry just saw this....went to a house party then mad rose u?
Welcome to the family Nick Perry.
Saw that you were interested in hungrychildoctorn.
You should follow and our efforts to fight
StandBy Alert !!
Experimental Shorts  Saturday
FYI, the spelt cookies will be made in separate kitchen with separate equipment.
gf kitchen will remain intact and uncontaminated.
I think I'm going to unfollow my sister
Thanks so much !
Foreign film store.
LOL.
Don't forget to turn in to at wtnrradio.com at 2 today to listen to me talk about writing and play the oboe!
So Brays is scared of Devils not bears.
I'm really sorry.
I love the I'm eating a cookie right now I have a video of my niece talking,pausing, then say I eating a brownie!
Gettin head while I'm readin, Call that facebook.
Hahaha I know you're not.
I'm just joking.
shfbsd I don't want to do the FLVS but they're going to kick me out if I don't.
x
Romney proposing 20 tax cut for all.
To advocate for the idea, he took his a few years early.
Your girlfriend shouldn't cheer when you just double faulted.
Eighties cover bands are classic, good stuff
Affirmative!
RT : is Ryan Smith a Ginger?
This small fact will sway my vote for Day 5...
RT : How did Marketo increase lead form conversions by 4x?
They set up shop at the B2B Marketing Water Cooler...
hi sorry I got your Tweet late.....I'm fine how are you?!
Just squatted, lunged, and sprinted the sht outta my legs.
This will feel awesome tomorrow 
: imy how's the army life?
You make me smile3
I'll let you know what I choose!
:D Which one do you really want to learn next?
Portuguese?
:
indeed!
lucky to be working with them...
I HATE BEING SICK!!!
Were playing at a skating rink tomorrow in Arab, AL!
Moshnskate all night long!
Alabama, get there!
N  R Crime Watch.
Best detectives in the neighborhood.
I loved your question, just shows how much the arts are tied into
Hamilton back ino Rangers' lineup
Accent lighting is where the fun is to be had,it is the accent lighting that creates the interest,focus and contrast within the room
another labor day: school starts tomorrow!
so my ex just reactivated his facebook..
nice.
Green is wat?
good...
Compost is cool!
Working on my social media policies research project and enjoying my favorite cafe vanilla at CBTL.
Does life get any better?
lol just like ur tv ad :
Ladies I love you but I need some testosterone on stage immediately!
Now there's the hardhearted Princess I know and love.
3 But srsly, we'll see how NYC goes!
Just finished filming a short film and commercial!
I deserve a 5 minute nap!
Malibu is beautiful this time of day w the sun setting...wish were all here to experience this.
Love to all on this glorious day
can someone just kill me now
Little motions can make big movements
Would you rather be right or be happy?
Would you rather win or be in love?
Dont think about how to forgive, think about how to love
thank you so very much for being you and such a dear friend xoxo
Sports is whats gone make my money
imma give u a childish gambino
HIMYM is on in a few minutes...Woo Hoo!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 77
Welcome to my life, 2 little sisters!
Some team in blue and some team in white.
Goals have been reached and new goals are now set
She is so fake don't ask me for Nothn k thank u
how are you?
yawn April fools day huh ?
Smh
Incentive importance for content makers: 1 interesting/aspirational brief 2 brand/idea 3 cash/prizes
WOO you're swinging hard today.
YEE I got nominated for homecoming:
youth isnt over yet
1DFacts THEY ARE GAY IDIOTS!!!
But that's why we love them :
Bop.
Night kids!
no, nothing like that!
Woohoo!
is coming to dinner tonight.
RT : Mike interviews Douglas Leone, Sequoia Capital managing partner.
Long view.
TCDisrupt  DISRUPT SF11...
first year without my mom R.W.G.
on this day Happy Mothers Day to all hard working moms out there....everyday is Mothers Day to you
we are doing greatt: how are you doing??
VERY special thanks to RIT and the Computer Science House for your continued support of It wouldn't be possible without you!
naw it's not.
Its the flagship store right next to corporate.
But anyways you still got your bike bro?
assistant junior intern chief?
Itd be nice if my white shorts weren't see through
We have crickets living in our Don Powell Theatre?
They are cricketing away as I type.
covering Virginia Maryland?
You're moving on up in the world.
We're going to pick a game later this season to sell out.
We can get at least one more in.
Probably around midseason.
Author John Trimbur will speak  9:30AM session on teaching/theorizing language as a local practice
yeahh...can't come soon enough lol, we don't finish until June
..safe travel: 
Im glad my wife is going 4 R.N nurse cna is hardwork R.N.
is all good.
Im going 2 support my Wife  help her 2 be a R.N.
Breast Cancer Walk :
I fully understand gut check revulsion to SBC but I'm want to wait and see because I want a Mercury movie that's awesome
I heard voting lines are busy, and even abc's website is taking forever to load!
Ugh.
What she needs then is a brain, a heart and a testimonial that she is smart to be with you....
You're off to see the Wizard...
I am not scared of lion, tiger  bears but I am scared of loving you
I'm back!
What's the Planzo?
gets my vote.
LAK12 was an interesting conference, but today's summit was the icing on the cake.
I do it over on FB from time to time, too.
You never know when it might happen....
Thx for the video posts.
Fun piece, right?!
Money grows on the tree of persistence.
I just shot an unauthorized self portrait
'youre so hot', i whispered as i took my plate of food out of the microwave
I nominate for a Shorty Award in startups because...I wanted too
aw i know babes
have free good ones!
Boo
: haha....
I would say so, and I'm sure u'd agree letsbereal touch Bellamy, I think it's due.
I mean seriously!
Jeez people poppin them out left and right!
gotta go, boarding time.
Good night...
Hug the pups.
Duke knocks down the 3.
reflecting on sniper's life and death.
remembering the time with a newborn in arms, but guns at the grocery.
expecting more from humanity.
now u making me feel bad: How could I not know its chaz I was rushing crazy
Some people should eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside...
Been at work since 5:30 
really awesome job this week!
Your heroic work did not go unnoticed...
Many thanks!
Bwahahahaha!
Yes I am :P.
You sir are hilarious!
Hope your day is going well!
is this you Lore you look beautiful
Woah Mexico City!
noconfioenunamujer reminds me of
Make it so!
: RT : we need to lift as we climb and support other women!
via
Someone come over and clean my room for me please.
Yay..
I get to spend my last day of school babysitting instead of going to the movies...
:'
np Danny Brown Guitar Solo
change the thesis, then
Play is CNUV MEGA RUNNER COMING
That is crazy!
Is anybody planning on being at the Sundance Producer's Labs next week?
Let me know so we can catch a doctornk and chit chat.
MT : If having a bad day, remember that today in '76 Ron Wayne sold 10 stake in Apple for 800.
Now worth 58,065,210,000.
Do u really love me?
Or was it a lie
my credit union is getting that soon.
14th Final Four appearance!
rockchalk FINAL4  LET'S WIN THIS THING!!
Election Day is less than 6 months away!
Change can only come with your support!
La Gitana brought out the tabla of torture out again tonight in class  sounds really good when you're in compas, but really bad otherwise.
Is it Friday night yet??
My bad!
Figured he'd be hitting the bathrooms by now.
YouTube video coming today and I gotta lot to say about new Benoit flick
At cyc with anna, paige and hope.
What happened?
Always thought if I owned a bar I would open Thaxgivg night, do geek trivia and do a weekly Rock Paper Scissors tournament.
almost done
thank you Amber!

Maceos throwing down with Baretta and the Rollexband!
Fun hit.
Then it's home to work on some songs I'm producing with
AP: Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing Pres.
Obama
Im so grateful for healthy groceries!
Bill Clinton and Ron Burkle...
What a match made in heaven.
Can't sleep
Sleep well!
Will let you know tomorrow whether I got the hook up or not!
Happy to have your follows.
Following you back:
just took me back!
Thanks for the support!
Brooklyn winery, followed by brewery?
Yes, please.
One day when you retweet me I will cry and will die happy.
I love you mothermonster monsterforlife muah :
Courage is what it takes 2 stand up  speak; courage is also what it takes 2 sit down  listen.
Winston Churchill
Thanks in no small part to the beers you import!
Appreciate the shoutout, and can't wait to see you at BV again!
This week we are at three locations and maybe four!
So followus and find out what's next!!!
Death is the road to awe
how are you?
gotta make up our mind.
oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
He looks so grown up here:
No PMA, but I am going to watch Johnny Cougar in BG Saturday.
hahaha, pj incident but also err can't remember the author
NeverTellAGirl shes ugly or point out her flaws
im talking about the Mayday march by the labor unions, which was intercepted by Black Bloc and dozens of cops.
Twice I've had to show irate patrons the program they want isn't here because THEY didn't read the announcement carefully.
what's good, did you get my text ?
been a busy but great weekend here :
So the new 30 for 30 series is gonna have a movie about Bo Jackson.
I can't wait to watch it.
Some of the better sports docs ever.
Don't hold nothing back.....
If uu got something to say then juss say it !!
im liking it,get hines in next headshoulders commercial!
I definitely will!
:
Watching avengers lol !
RT : If you think invasive sonograms for pregnant women are great but TSA patdowns are treasonous, get your Rand Paul 2016 signs...
if you're a soon to be college student and Penn State offers you a full ride, be sure and read the details.
Probably worried about Kobe...
: Steve Blake: Once it left my hand I knew it was a little bit to the right.
WideRight
Your call...fair?
RT : what do I win when he loses?
How's Your cousin doing, Bro?
INSHALLAH, Sab theek ho jayega.
How's Gurgaon, and Delhi?
Hope You are having a good time!
:
it was suppose to be a surprise..
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 6
Why did I schedule my dentist appointment for 7:30 this morning again?
I guess it's Friday.
Kind of feels like Monday.
maybe kissmas bash
A pair of Jeans that fit just right...and the radio up!
I live life for Good Weed , Good Days , Good Nights N Good Head !!!!!
This dude is the truth ya'll!
Texting my Bestfriend and some more folks , hmu ?:
Wake up and smell the coffee!
Did you know that 1 cup of javayes the kind with caffiene a day is good for the heart!
Yay to Moderation!
Visit www.protectinfantsnow.org and help us stop infant meningococcal meningitis.
Please Sign our petition while there.
Its about time wku turned it on.
Bubba wins the Masters on The Master's Sunday!
raw10 U r Ghetto: if your Lawn Chair is n Old Couch.
Same couch your people took of u as a baby laying naked on a stolen Holiday Inn Towel
I've only waited 15 years for this poster.
If they are gone b4 I get to the front of line...
Well let's pray they aren't.
Thanks, better follow me bc Im following you lol
every one go follow for amazing tweets!
They're amazing!!!
3
Could you, would you live in Maine?
not sure.
We'll tell you if we find out.
Ahh if I don't win at uno I will be angry
Life is what you make it thinking Good thoughts and talking to God helps
I wanna get some doctor.
beats tho..
Anyone wanna buy em for me?
before I go and spend my hard earned money on em.
Boo!
I'm back to NYC tomorrow.
Next time we make a plan AND I get to meet sweet Gemma.
ugh soo much to tweet..
But I cant madhooprobs addicted to twitter
Where can I read it now?
It looks fantastic!
glad you finally made it to 's atr!
wish u were on d cruise
Good to hear from you!
Looking forward to your posts
iight bro I'm ready
Josh Turner, Love and Theft, Trace Adkins and Keith Urban at the countrygirlsheaven !
Just ate some peanut mm's
money was not CREATED to make u happy.
It was created to allow u to sustain life so u could FIND what makes u happy
My big Brah just KILLED it at the Irvine Improv.
My stomach hurts!
Of course it is, are unemployed, home is the only place they can make jokes.
Tights Spot Kisses!
he didn't do it, but he was hit in the face with a lifegaurding tube and the metal cut his lip
lol packing light is a difficult skill to learn.
:
: right.
would u send ur kids 2 pub schl if u knew they werent good, just 2 send them 2 pub schools?
Funny opening montage at NBC.
Awesome, Ochocinco with a TD, I knew with Branch out he'd get time, but what a great play!
Hi There!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to hearing more from you.
congrats to you, investor of the year and thanks for being a believer!
U will emerge a stronger warrior

She works hard for the money!
RT Just did 13 1/2 hrs n gotta wake up in 6 hrs n do it again Damn lol
Beat me to it : RT : I'm not saying I'm in a Lottofrenzy but I'm THIS close to buying Soulja Boy's plane
Three days until Pittsburgh and a much needed vacation.
go home?do you think people live round the corner from the airport?
Sort out your call system.
Never heard of preplanning??
Loan or permanent move?
I gotta write 4 blurbs on mtn biking today for Table Mtn Writeshop job, and sew a banjara belt and start a pendant.
Ready, set, GO!!!!
What an incredible weekend Ready for more!
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey r u  Triple H still friends?
I mean after that wrestlemania match with The Undertaker.
Kurosawa's Shakespeare epic Throne of Blood is screening at the tonight at 7.
On 35mm!
Dig it.
Thanks to , , , and for welcoming me to my new position at UCF.
CenterNet signup 1 on my agenda!
listening to I Break Horses and M83 all week in preparation for the concert this weekend!
Come through Pal's today, and you might just catch this Sunday's version of Pal's Idol.
Starring CJ Hyder  Matt Neal.
why, thank you!
:D
Sometimes needs should motivate us to pray.
Think of Hannah wanting a son in 1 Sam 1  giving thanks in 1 sam 2
i did just cry watching teenwolf because I thought stiles was gunna die.
I've forgotten more than you'll ever know...
Re: UCD protest With gr8 sadness I watched the events of last Nov, but my concern is about concrete steps moving 4ward.
Senator Wolk
Thanks so much for RT!
it can be your postorals celebration book while you contemplate the diss
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
That scene played out between you today as adults is great stuff.
In context of Greg's blog, I suspect crimes were committed.
Happy internationalwomensday!
Cheers to all the ladies out there making a difference and shaking things up!
Shoutout to he ain't crazy ladies.
Mine is 1.
Barkley 2.
Bray 3.
Wilson.
I really don't understand how you have Barkley 3rd
I'm in talks to get a gallery started up!!
I need to focus on the future
Cab doctorver and I are listening to the
I don't think I could be happier with what the did!
Instant pass rush
Someone better put that Tool S.
Bayless on suicide watch!
Thanks Brown girls!
You guys rock!
Awesome volunteers : too
Anyone wanna just..
escape?
I do.
looking forward to next weekend.
LOL!!!!!
I can see you doing there!!!
I've done that before.
There's a tall, pale, handsome guy that lives around here...
what it smell like
I Am What I Am is still TT number 1 3
is competing nowadays w/ selfpublishers more than Amazon as publisher...
prob just a fatty lypoma...some dogs getem wen they get older.
Just hadda get one taken offa my buddy...usually nt serious
interesting i'll check it out RT : The location is very nice 
Sorry I missed it.
Never heard of those lunches before.
Will track.
i am now following
When is the best time to tell someone you love them?
Answer: Before someone else does.
Get on your knees...
Oh, so now Johnny thinks he's Jack Swagger now, too?
elephants weigh too much, like do you think elephants want to be fat or skinny or are they all big boned or do they have a goadualler proble
Will record it.
How do find the energy to be the voice of District 3 24/7?
And more eyepleasing visuals and CGI?
Good lord the show is visually stunning.
I MUST own the BD.
Plastic Chopsticks w Case Black KS6B  Best Price Chopsticks for chopsticks case
Common sense in Washington?
What a novel concept!
Tonight!
Have to catch the rerun of Shameless!
So peeved I whiffed on the season premiere last night.
Wow these past 2 days I've literally only got like 10 hours of sleep.
Thank god my summer starts today
Ryan!
What's up stranger?
How are you?
10FactsAboutMe I'm really lazy 
I jealously guard my 5am to 9pm SS schedule as well.
Watching Sec.
Arne Duncan on Colbert.
I support the Ed reform and say it's long overdue.
Recording the new album could begin this summer!
Steelers released ?
Better doctorwn my sorrows in espresso.
You're absolutely right about Stephen A., he's one of the biggest ass kissers in the media...with his rat looking ass!!!
Today epitomizes the reality that the media doesn't understand anything about RonPaul and deliberately chooses not to learn
Follow Back !
you are welcome anytime!
Bri posted it on her fb wall.
She and I are only crc ers.
Matt's flirting with Kyle No I'm not!!
Hes having a bromance no it's not!
the only game that rewards people for sucking dick
good call
Can't believe that I can't find Blossom tv series on DVD at the stores!!
aww your mom must be proud to have such a great daughter like you : 
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving.
On the bus to nh w/ He is reading his hebrew prayer bk while i read my bk abt rise of ancient christianity.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang  80's Alternative Music, Movies, Games  More  21  No Cover  Happening TONIGHT  9PM  1AM 
i actually really did LOL right there.
are you going to the Google event tonight?
Mebbe catch you there?
Sending many prayers and wishing you a speedy recovery much love Patrice!
with ya
Twitter updates iPhone, Andoctorid apps with search and notification improvements
RT : Great idea!
Thank you for the tweet.
I just don't know what idea you mean.
oh hey best friend guess i missed you today...
I'm building a Hug Wall launching later this week...in case you have any photos of great hugs you want to share!
Annoying that I can't curse online cause my bro will snitch
On this date: In 1012, Theophylact, son of Gregory, Count of Tusculum, became Pope Benedict VI, succeeding Pope Sergius IV.
I was wondering about this as well.
I'm thinking that Seiko will have to tighten up the spec.'s for the 4R35.
ok good : I might really need it if people show up aha
You should break the tension by serving up a bucket of BL Nums on ice to both Karl  the kids.
Maybe some Loco Ds for apps.
Define good?
; It will be all in good fun.
Is that good?
Potter getting kicked was kinda funny.
Lol
Watch out for those DMV people, troublemakers, everyone of them.
In my small world, I consider that hubbub :
Rot in hell mofo!
i know, im excited brad!
Where is my Pretty Girl I'm missin my link.
:
I liked it!
it was oddly sort of slow.
also welldone.
Want to advertise in our Summer Camp issue?
Now is the time!
Deadline for all ads is March 10th!
Contact:
RT : The Yellow Leaf Cupcakes now at Bedlam at 2nd and Bell.
Excellent new shop, amazing espresso!!!
i love nice people
You could lose your faith in music or lose faith in your friends, you could lose your faith in breathing....
But don't lose your faith i ...
RT: Im a full fledge killer Bitttcchheess!!!!
P.S I love baby Jesus lol really
someone, somewhere, puts my name into the system with an 'o' instead of an 'a'  months later, i am charged 200 for immunzn noncompliance
smkoke wit today
great thought!
I am playful as fuck right now.
crowd was great in section 9.
Seemed real loud overall, don't think they wanted to see another loss
On CBA.
Nichols says identify critical issues for our schools.
Make changes, don't promote one agenda.
The study also showed not much diff btwn a/c on and windows up, and a/c off with windows down.
just can't help it , are destroying my life ?!
.
Agree!
Tweet of night RT : I don't mean to be a jerk, but I think Aoki might have a better command of the language than Gamel.
I assure you, it's safe for our office.
; Thanks for the link, listening now!
Time for Digging Through Documents Word by Word with Debra Mieszala
Elway: Need to be better when people spread us out.
You know how I do!
O hell no!:o
blaaaaahhh!
Dang it!
We waited outside the grog shop till 12:45 haha.
We got front row though and I sat on the stage hahah
Thanks to Automattic, the people behind WordPress.com, THATCamp Bay Area will be held at their space on Pier 38, SF.
Oct 910.
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
I will be djaying tonight at the Union in westport with for our monthly night.
See you there
just pray they avoid Poe like the plague.
hell ya
no it.
Comes.
On in.
The morning
you don't even know...
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail !!
thanks
thanks for RT hope you are great
Loving the people who want Weeks benched for a while.
He has a .211 BABIP and is one of the best players on the team.
You don't win w/o him.
is that 12 at Whispering Springs?
oh i promise you i will
I didn't understand, what would happen, how much this one moment, would change the World.
I was only 5, I dont remember much.
what's scary about the neighborhood is that I didn't even think to ask?...lol!!
Its principal affect on insulin is doctorving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
In my younger days.
is love is to meet two people talking?!!!!!
If so, I reject it!
ALL THE GIRLS STANDING IN THE LINE FOR THE BATHROOM Abraham Lincoln
Why do we love when love seems to hate us?
Has a full 6pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold it all together.
love it.
I might have to join you in making some.
Though, then could will still label them Zuni?
:
What would a Martian say, looking at our planet argue about allowing accessible books to cross borders
MAHONE IS A BEAST
SUPER EXCITED FOR HOMECOMING TOMORROW!!!!!!!
:D
if u do another conference, I'd love to share perspective I've gained from an edu doc I'm filmming.
Friends, Adoctoran Peterson, star running back of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, just tweeted and Facebook posted about !
this city is the cradle of the modern riot
I find it funny when yo ex b tryin they hardest 2 jeff wid chu,
you're so pretty!
i wish i could be as pretty as you!
We can tell which team has some poise.
I'm so tired and I hate when its cold in the mornings!
u dont like to b alone
: Hm theres a lot but I got to go with Rounders Soundtrack.
Phil DAuteuil:
Hope Everyone Has a Great Day......
hahahah he asked me too I walked out right after you
The bosu ball and kettle bells are my friends.
Really, they are but secretly, I'm not theirs.
Worked out
Seattle in two days.
I've never been so excited to go someplace that's 25 degrees cooler.
hey girlfriend hahahahyah Good thing you cleared it up with John
Stupid SUPER GLUE thank goodness for lol life saver haha!
Activated new SB6121 modem  get 22.27  4.11 Mbps.
Upload is faster, but down is slower than old SB4100.
Is that right?
The chipmunks movie is playing on repeat.
This may be my last day alive
If I lay perfectly still in my bed the murderer in my house won't kill me.
Since Lil Wanye decided to push back the release of The Carter IV, he came out with a new mixtape, Sorry 4 The Wait.
Just a reminder to rate the tracks by clicking the thumbs up/down on your player...
that helps us decide on playlists!
:
sure, but I'm only in the morning plenary, no room left in the afternoon workshops :
My passion for Justice and Civil Rights have been fired up by the media to come through with this NAACP thang comin
Aaargh.
Program review.
That is all.
Yes I am!
What is your all time favorite place around Milwaukee?!
my little ones!
:
; I'm just sayinn' you could do better ..
Tell me have you heard that lately.
Sorry!!!
Call me back!
my song to my crush Perfect Two by Auburn
We were so honored to be nominated.
Thank you.
Super excited for The Hub.
This shit is crazy.
Terrorists in Chicago nshit.
Whats more romantic than a four course dinner with wine  sake pairings?!
Let Chef Justin Carlisle pamper you with deliciousness tonight!
Please Stop Giving A Faq.
RT: : A balanced diet is...
a glass of wine in each hand!
Word of the day: Ennui.
Also: Pollen.
Lets see, what else?
Wicked, Guys  Dolls, Wizard of Oz, Little Mermaid, Annie, ....
Hairspray, Little Shop of Horrors
No more battery backed cache, flashback write cache across whole line.
ok I'll trust ya :
Cabin In The Woods was the most entertaining movie I've seen in years.
Years.
I didn't go very far,  it went soso...the snow is to deep for my snow tires
What a long day !relaxing now
remember when we were little and we always fight over the front seat..well I'm still smaller than u.
I own this seat homie:
Today in than 140: Everything was fine w/ our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here.
cookbook signing today at 3:30 till 5:00.
Holiday cheer included!
is a really nice place!
just yourself.
We got eggs, just need bacon
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway.
One hat said to the other: 'You stay here; I'll go on a head.'
PREACH.
: Too much to buy  not enough money!!
:
Long day, but I have made it.
Less than 24 hours from now, I'll be done with my first year of college.
likes men
Cic tonight baby
www.createspace.com is where I started.
Basically free to self publish if you know how to format/do some graphic artistry.
clearly you don't spend enough time listening to underground stuff.
that's pure garbage.
very welcome!!
The Dispatch station on pandora radio.
We have a nice selection of Tokyo Milk fragrances in!
Check out Dead Sexy and Let them Eat Cake.
Super yum!
yea um I don't have any cowboy boots.
Levi jeans and plaid shirt yes.
Lol.
Harden would look really good in pinstripes right now.
After cc who do they have?
omg dude they look new wtf xD I thought you meant like beat up shoes with holes and stuff lol
Celebrity sighting!
Just got done seeing The Hunger Games  spotted winning her own hunger game in an Italian restaurant :
I'm exhausted!
P90X kicked my butt last night!
But I'm done 6 pounds in 4 days!
My tweet was poking fun at a recent brouhaha in tech in which it was contended that alcohol led to a culture of exclusion...
Oh boy, the is Tweeting.
I share your affection for the valley.
I hear almost as many languages spoken here at as I did at the Pretty cool.
it already aired, lol.
Best not to waste brain power trying to logic out stupid.
we have been without power in our neighborhood for an hour and a half.
Karma karma karma.
;
NGen leaders need to bring forward bold, creative, and contagious solutions.
Aijen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee.
HAD A GREAT TIME  MY VALENTINES PARTY TODAY!!
HOPE EVERYONE HAD A GREAT DAY!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Jesus could be a judge on that show and it would still be a steaming pile
Finals start next week, Any tips to reduce student test anxiety.
O A BIG SUNDAY DINNER LOLL
Why did you grease up your pit bull...
Please Incorporate Some New Charity Options  Develop An iPad App!!
Please  Thank You!!
Signed, A Satisfied Customer!
Thanks, Rosanna!
Next time you all have lunch crumble some cookie for the homie that couldn't be there.
It feels awkward being off on a Saturday.
A good kind of awkward, though.
I wonder what hes think hm
It's my birthday and thanks for all the wonderful and amazing and fantastic wishes!
Set yourself apart from everybody else.
So You Think You Can Skate : competition at Hotel Del
Can you handle it?
Let's go Orioles :
Hey everyone don't forget this Thurs.
the game starts at 730!
Stop in from 3306 for HAPPY HOUR and also LATE NIGHT from 9close!
Accurate communication is the most critical for leaders.
Did you get a new Twitter?
:o
name and school!
Keynote with on Does tech improve learning?
Democrat Tom Barrett's spokesman says new jobs numbers touted by Gov.
Walker are attempt to mask his economic failure.
making homemade coke for bedoctordden  hit with a double whammy of strep and flu
great playlist this AM!
Thinking of cancelling my MPR membership.
This Rock the Garden announcement is doctorgging.
And i don't like the bands.
do you remember when we saw that stupid slut and my sister playing volleyball in the backyard?
What was your favorite between the Shrimp Crpe Florentine and Quiche Florentine?
Back in the US!
great vacation
My dad just called forever 21 ; under 21......
LOL.
gotta check it out
editingdone:
watch out or he's going to suspend your retired butt again
I dont sell
: I like you because you make me smile.
Thanks for the RT
watching Mexico's Next Top Model doctornking hot chocolate : With my bff 3
I lovee u!
Well, they DO get pretty hot models.
My BFF is one for
Waiting on possible snow
..I'm not popular, but I have nice friends.
I'm not rich, but I have what I need.
I may not be liked, but I know I'm loved.
if a trip happens, do let me know.
Brainstorming new white paper ideas.
In the builder tech world, what do you want to learn more about?
My siblingsalike cousins
Flight disabled on Tarmac.
Probably will miss our connecting.
See...I'm not supposed to leave!
:
I don't hate you but i don't think we need to start dating right away either
REALBIZ I was the same way, had that hightop fade tho lol.
So true, So true.
BBB or Home Depot?
What, do you live in the suburbs or something?
:
gone to see !!
Anybody play MW3 on ps3??????
I want a digiorno pizza !
4 weeks of school left.
waRm miLk.
Well....maybe not.
Nutrient dense foods allow you to eat less food and thrive instead of just survive.
But yeah, email me.
Have a good night!
mark YOUR cal.
my enthusiasm was faster than my typing skills.
Lookin' good for our coyotes!!
RT : Let's finish this
We all have that moment when we act doctormatic to a song.
I can smell the kugel already.
Looking forward to real family dinner tonight!
See you soon
it was their money to begin with, not yours.
Don't forget that.
I love peanut butter and bananas!
Is that mold growing in the fridge?
No it's probably flowers.
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR....
NO WAY
mister Corey is completely clueless on everything
ridin' shotgun with Amanda Bynes, bitch I'm not tryin' to get a DUI.
Sounds perfect!
We might be watching Safe.
I need to wash off some laziness first:
I am incredibly humbled by God to do what I do for a living.
To reach students for Christ is such a honor  God chose me to do it.
but bbc ontology is focused on finished programs  or are there other rdf onts for provenance, full tech md, etc to mash in?
Getting ready to learn and grow!
Yeah!!!!
Alex, I just got to work and I had an email from you.
Or from your doubleganger who works in London.
Seth Meyers has a famous lair?
I'd rather it mooned us.
THAT is ridiculous!
The link doesn't work for LGBT Rights Do Not End at Our Border by Peter Yao..
THANK YOU .
I Love You Now Lmaoo .
Album Is Great :D .
So is justin beiber trying to be like snoop dogg or maroon 5 go his new boyfriend song?
This is the last Fri of 2011.
Make it count by resolving to live healthier in 2012.
Start now!
Join me in FLP!
Healthy aloe vera products!
im ready to go home now...
teared up seeing and hug at the 2012StateoftheUnion  how I love DC!!
Great.
Just let me know!
Yeah, after I tweeted I read the comments and was pretty sure it was a hoax.
Still sad, though.
If my store has your must haves I'll buy!
Hey  thanks for the
YES!
Towels, shampoo that smelled like all of their colognes.
Bahahahaha..oh my!
3
Man City knock Man united out of the premiership..
brighton is super pissed and crying
I am so sick of this weather, cold, rain.
Is it going to snow tomorrow?
I hope not:
thanks for texting me back!
S.L.A.P Support Local Artist Please!
I think sometimes it is more important to be gracious than to win.
Dorothy Kilgallen
oh I definitely agree!
Since I moved here I've wondered what Honolulu would look like through and Andersonian lens.
Stampp Corbin: Did manchester buy UT because of the land, not to run a newspaper
Woke up to the Emu Attack theme in my head!
Thanks, !
Hey acrl2011!
Ready for day 2?
I am hoping to place Nancy Pearl Action Figures in good homes.
Booth 1019!
you look great tonight: happy Valentines day I love you
let me love you
Would you like to hear what others are saying about my Bible study?
I always wonder if RT comments is a brag.
What do you say?
Be honest!
I'm watchin a movie I'll be over after at like 1 okay?
Harsh doesn't follow me.
Wait.
but I felt so bad for in algebra today.
In addition to Pillow Pets, each of the 7,000 SuperBaskets of Hope will also include a Bible.
Baskets packed so far: 4,112
Russ and I will lure you over to the dark side .
.
.
I Dont Gotta Pay To Get In Cuz Im PERFORMeN??
I really do want a closer relationship with my mother
I never lived down losing that stuffed clown.
Had a blast last night !
Great seeing you sexy ladies
Gotta love it, didn't realize you were such a hockey fan tho!
I grew up playing  used to volunteer coaching PattersonPark Stars
Learn everything you need to know about choosing an artist's representative  New article just posted  bit.ly/dMIC0m
tks I have skyped a couple of times always looking to improve : 
consumer trends often start in urban centers
that's a good one D!
Censorship/moderation is a slippery slope, but I'm sure you're aware the online world of published information works differently
Great event!
Stop by the NAWBO table
Are USA Network and Universal the same thing?
Being naturally skinny  I can eat whatever I want
Congrats  on 1DMakingBillboardHistory So proud of you guys!!
:
ala Rex Ryan!
F the jets.
Can't wait until tommorrow at the Rio for the Las Vegas Women''s Expo 105 first 500 women get a goodie bag, and many more freebies too
Where are ya'll watching the big game this Sunday?
There's the Beer Bowl at my fave or 's Hot Wing Eating Contest..
Got to go to sleep see ya tomorrow
passion is overrated  worst quote ever
If someone asks you something just walk away.
Thinking about planting some roses.
Not sure if I can keep them alive.
Anytime, Sir ; I want so bad
And bring on all the pretenders, one day we will be remembered 
oh Thunderbird, I don't want to respond to this email either, but you can't keep closing unexpectedly if you want to move on
just got home from skoo
Ur awesome Cappie!!!!
A beast on the court and hot as hell...Powerful Combo!
Lookin fwd to seeing this RT : S/O For Putting Out A Epic Ass Video Today
thanks for believing in me Bro RT : is next to go to the doctorft
Packers all day.RT : Take Your Pick: vs
NASCAR analysts
in literature right?
heyy im not going too be able too watch yuhr usrteam im going too the fair sad but can yue recored it and put it on youtube:
Thanks for the RT!
my tix for the concert JUST came in the mail...
i opened it.
then i screamed...
You tried for years?
So that means you can murder babies in their cribs now.
Stop terrorism or die.
your choice
and then that same woman's daughter died, and the soninlaw accused her again.
Ah, shit.
WMYB on Glee tonight.
Sorry, not today  but I'll come and visit soon!
haha gee I wonder why....
hahaha have you ever heard of weatherstar?
Full of organic tempeh and burger king condiments.
Tomorrow will be interesting.
Congrats Scott!
Gonna get a masters in photoshop with a concentration in alcoholism?
Yes!
Tweet tweet :
What would be the mahomies without
nice choice!!
People don't care what you know until they know you care.
I don't even need unlimited texting anymore cause I don't have anyone special that makes texting them worth it.
great set last night at the blue note.
Keep the rock alive
Me too!
RT Being a derbychick is hard work!
I'm gonna feel these bruises tomorrow!
Woke up with a pounding headache.
My cup just had all kinda liquor in it.
But I sho was feeling good lol.
Vodka posted a 5.9 increase in volume, 3.9 for bourbon  whiskey, 3.2 for Tequila and Rum volume slid 0.7 in 2011according to DISCUS
TShirt, ...
I need one
This 7Up cake is soo yummy
agreed!
I'll never forget the first time I heard White Blank Page 2 years ago?
Hmm how convenient 
Hey, I want to see more pictures of the food you're about to eat.
judging so hardcore right now.
Knuck if you buck!
Proposal to do a Yelp for DH projects.
Four Seattle restaurants I've eaten at in three days...
Gotta love my job!
that is a good one.
All that really matters is that you're a Yankee Fan!!
Was dat a mouse trap?
Or did something really just bite breanns clit into 5 pieces!
5 pieces of key lime pie!
9 raisins n a pair of sneakers
RT : Want to see someone amazing?
Go look in the mirror!
:
The shit that goes through my head 
thanks!!
you win for my favorite tote of neocon11.
And thanks for all the wonderful advice you gave us.
So sweet of you!
For no clearly discernible reason, iTunes on my iPad sometimes decides to just start playing music even when the cover is closed.
Finally out of work
RT : Employees make the best dates
Happy Birthday Ma!!
To quote the ghost: Boo.
New ghost stories coming from the Daily Beyond in 2012.
.
shouts out as one model of new ecosystem in NJ.
Will Ferrell is easily the funniest actor out there ..nw BladesofGlory ahah
Do both.
Different audiences.
RT : Question for bxb11 is Twitter or FB better for getting news out there?
Our hosting provider had a quick blip about 30 minutes ago that took us offline for about 60 seconds.
We're up and running fine.
yeahh.
I'll change it back eventually 
Two moms win a 3.5M lawsuit vs Nutella for falsely saying it's healthy.
Hm.
Snickers are still healthy though right?
Yeah, I did.
Didn't you?
O man, this is the best thing I've heard all day RT R.
Kelly's Trapped In A Closet Is Coming Back With New Parts
Devil horns and angel wing, hella fly.
aww I think that one is adorable!
Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see  forget what you hear.
We are now on of 20 US printers in the printable Tyvek program.
Recycle your used Tyvek thru a program with Waste Mgt.
call 8888812454
he invited me to the derby like a demolition derby?
love my friends
not going to get every one of those...even if it was a charge.
Great starting pitching both games.
But offense needs to get moving.
ASAP
nicknames i have ascribed to people in my apt.
complex: wrinklehead, crazy eye, circle puke.
dude, my heart is breaking for your fans right about now
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult.
Warren Buffet, quoted in Morningstar.com
Thirteen years old, walking to catch a bus to school in Silver City, and a man pulled up in a minivan and tried to grab him by the hood.
Pretty sunrise on the Esplanade.
Health Tips: ask your doctor for natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals!
They exist for many and have fewer and/or more mild side effects
Next to Blow Open Mic tonight at free before 9 with featured artist , come vibrate higher RT.
I HOPE 3 RT : will da ICONic Boyz ever do a Meet and Greet In Chicago???
every important yes requires 100 nos
Its 66 degrees in March, who's heading to the beach?!
Me too!
What time are you going?
What's the statute of limitations on being banned from a Qdoba?
For neither will live while the other survives.
Every night before I go to sleep I contemplate my life and hope that when I wake I'll be given a second chance just like Judge Joe Brown.
Had a wonderful cardio workout.
I'll be cycling from now on.
Totally inspired by
The worst doctorver here is better than the best doctorver in Illinois.
Check it out Street Money by Paul Borges, on ReverbNation!
Electctronica music for Cleveland Ohio.
Wow, Dude!
these tweets are what make the best parody on twitter
there are No more Good Times
I could go for a light, cold glass of Moscato..
yeah I tried several of those as well.
:P
Tonight  Ski Shores in Austin, 69pm.
Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on trumpet  accordion.
Lake, food, doctornks  music  y'all come on out!!
Shout out Josh Hamilton.
Whoo whoo!
No more braces :B
you knew that already though
This is the worst class ever
likewise!
hope you have a great Friday and weekend!
Incoming BigWest member San Diego State down 3329 to NC State at half in their NCAA 2ndoctorund game.
REALLY STARTING TO FEEL FILTHY W ALL THESE HIPSTERS IN MY PERSONAL SPACE
then its big Ray!
He did;however he altered it to where he has a nipple attachment for releasing bodily fluids,and the option of singing better
Just for that, crossing OAK off my list.
And, you know, I've made 9 more playoff starts than your entire rotation combined.
I will check ..
i am sure I have some colleagues on it.
Flattered to be a featured artist at Portraits by Carolyn Foster's holiday party tonight!
I had a great relaxing time as always Alan and the staff are the best.
facebook page to follow
Convention attendees: remember to bring a coat and tie.
See you in Orlando!
Have I ever even used ESPN3?
bahahaha!
Now THAT'S a good one and resembles a lot of my nights!
Why does he feel the need to talk to all the students and give this speech with the parents present..you are wasting my time
GOODNIGHT Mikey
Congrats!
Just talked about u to folks here in Sweden.
Let me know if you're interested in doing a tour here soon.
Send us your trivia questionsRT Sent you a flash question.
Do you need beerrelated ones too?
I can write more but not today.
In search of a good tatt artist
NBC can't get over the case with the Bengals cheerleader and her student.
I'm already over it.
I'm not over the VERMIN in the LAUSD !!
lol yeah right
19 days till the Wisconsin recall election
: Will do and thanks Dunno about all that though just following others and sharing what I've learned...
Please report!
Missing ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
after finishing it, even as it's still talking to me in my head.
thanks for the RT john!
Fight with all your heart and you will succeed.
Brunch at Milestone 229 in downtown Columbus is excellent.
There is even an entire menu devoted to Bloody Marys!
How am I supposed to learn when 98 of my class won't shut up?!
y u say et
: Just followed a lot of people on instagram.
Send me instagram names  Follow me dude, the name is joshnodoctorkebell!
I don't control the birds.
And thanks for making me super nervous about tomorrow night.
About to see prescreening of 21 jump street with how hard am I going to laugh?
I can make it nasty
Don't wake him...or if she nods off.
;
At el toro ..
Mexican food so flame
awesome glad to hear :D
ofcourse!
got to help spread the word about good health!
Watching 8 mile 
no : oh atleast ill see him in June .
I'll just wait.
Lol
oh dear
dam i couldnt get that rt?.
Lets get our followers up to 500!!!
How quickly can we do it?!
Text us at 559 824 8530 and tell us what you think about someone who is convicted of human trafficking and gets 3 months in jail
will teddy do anything for the pack in free agency, or wait for the doctorft like every other year?
Health Tips: Ask your doctor to test for Vitamin D deficiency!
Thanks from Clarity Legal
Not bad man, keep grinding.
Follow me back!
Only halfway through this amf and in already super tipsy.
FML!!
I'm good just hating on the rain.
Weds always seems to sneak up on me.
Then I get my hopes up for Fri, but then Sat  Sun disappear on me.
It's too much for my system!
NEW TENACIOUS D ALBUM :'
...give me my WilliamsonCo any day over the HickoryHollowMall experience I just had at the new OpryMills!
SERIOUSLY?!
Police.
Gangs.
Hood.
thats better!
see that wasnt hard
Claire De Lune If yal sleeping on this, YAL BETTER WAKE UP!!!
I extend my deepest gratitude for your words THANK YOU RT : for an Actor, Education and education.
Patience.
Wise guy!
RT : why did you break our meter?

Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
Weeks is DH'ing.
it makes me smile wen i get tweets from you!
dont feel bad  i miss you guys so much3 tell every1 i say hi!
love you guys3
I had a boot camp class this morning!
Complete with PushUps, squats, sprints, lunges......just glad we did not have to do Pull Ups!
: xoxo
Lunch today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut.
Awesome...
RT : I just saw a double rainbow 
Lol, don't know bout ,
It's been a long day!
Just saw my 1st Elvis impersonator.
Shocked it took this long.
Sad trombone ...
Rays lose
Project runway and chipotttttle 
The stars are so bright this am..
if only we tithed more, we could get you an XBox and you could add some Halo and Modern Warfare 3 to the mix.
Back to the Brooklyn Bridge...
where it all started.
Prayers
nope just think andy should know the truth haha.
Ill give ya lessons for free tho.
falling asleep waiting for that one person to text you back 
I'm a little bit jaded by a lot of what I see.
About to work in the Yo for a little bit get the concept  equipment right
J'adore a!
I was about to give myself a quickimani but of the glitterati persuasion.
Go to sleep lol
Davis Butts opens the scoring.
up 10 with 10:41 to go in the first quarter.
So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol
Thats true hah :p ill google it and if all else fails ill just write i love you on the first line hahahah
where are you?
Poptarts are so good
Cru De Gra is coming up, don't miss out!
We've got a real treat for this city.
Wednesday June 16  Club 101, 6:30.
Speaker was saying we should try to build our own social networks / crowds so we can understand them / resulting data
all the fans are waiting patiently
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Sir Winston Churchill
its an honor to directly answer the ?
of the citizens
Yo !
Boarding a MDW to FLL flight  loving your new 737800 plane!
How new r they  how many of them r there?
Face book
It was pretty good
You have a great weekend too!
It's almost here, so bring it on!
Thanks to all who supported kids in art, music and sports in 2011...
still 43 minutes left to give in 2011.
www.baldfacedtruth.org
Work them long nights to get a pay day
Make sure to respond to  mentions, thank RTs, etc.

'I hate you' echoed from the silent white hallways...
Where is that from?
Sounds like a great lede haha
the American rep theatre has a summer acting program with Russian teachers in Boston.
It's a good course.
Thanks for the tremendous show of support!
We all appreciate you.
Today marks 6 months til Paralympic games begin in London
When you realize you've made a mistake, make amends immediately.
I'm sorry
Not bad.
I'll look more into it.
Thanks!
Stupid twitter got hacked last week : very aggrivated
Thanks for the support!
Where are you guys based out of?
SOMETHINGS ARE LEFT UNSAID
Cranberry flavor is in Fenway now, better go try some!
librarian friends is there a name for a book that reads from both directions, front and back cover are both front covers if you flip it?
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Bulls are better off with a 49 year old Michael than Rose
I am I'll message u about it when I know everything
Hanging tough.
So...this whole battle is not about allowing Marvin Gaye to preside over all weddings?
Oh geez....this is awkward.
sounds fun
Hey, thanks for connecting.
I used to have a friend in HS that had one of the original Plum Crazy.
Pretty fast ride.
fantastic!!
Can't wait!
Mark your calendars  October 15th  Halloween Costume Dance Party  21 5.
815 V Street  Backbar
4/8/1789D.
Hinsdale:I am persuaded if the spirit of industrypatriotism should exert, we shall be able to furnish ourselves with fabrick
Good lord YES.
I almost wore out my mute button last year w/all Barkley's blather re: socalled Big Least.
Only 2 days left of principal photography and they are going to be the most challenging yet!
He's gorgeous!
I hope you're able to soothe him back to normal soon.
For once I follow the rules, I show up 20 minutes early for my doctor appt...20 minutes after my appt time  still waiting.
Whats for dinner?
How about a spicy Ahi Tuna Poke Martini followed by CoconutCrusted Tilapia?
okay have fun at prom though
Thanks for uh uh Thanks for being you?
Lol
Where are you going to ThunderUp tonight?
sometimes it's healthy for the soul lol
I want to call him so bad.
But,he is my ex.
the situation has been resolved M..
:
Expect the lowest from the people you think the highest of....
Just think about it
looks fun.
how do you see things bring remedied?
Today's magic relationship word is LISTEN.
I'm going to be so much cooler this year.
thanks coach could you send me what you have so far really interested.
: You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.
then find they don't, after the fact!
binladen was never listed on fbi's most wanted list for 9/11...fbi said that there isn't enough proof to suggest he was involved with 9/11
Broccoli: I look like a tree.
Walnut: I look like a brain.
Mushroom: I look like an umbrella.
Banana: Dude?!
Change the topic.
Ps 143:8/J.
Meyer: On You do I lean...I lift up my inner self to You...You are listening...You are speaking.
leprechauns are imaginary nialls are imaginary
werent you in the army?
Why dont you go back there?
And misterkheul this is the biggest lunch table I've seen!
I could seriously live off Cereal  Milk.
3
when u zoom in on it its pretty funny
It was 1972, and I was fifteen.
A really nice and encouraging personal note.
Agreed!
: Head over heels by rascal flatts is perfect for your voice!!!
I should fuckin be sleep!
How to make your iPhone crash: 1 Download hundoctords of apps.
2 Wait until you have 83 updates available.
3 Press Update All in App Store
Much thanks for the recommendation, there are seats still available if anyone wishes to attend.
www.GlennGary.com
Thanks for the follows from
already on set for 1000 ways to die and damn its cold out here.
craftsservices aren't ready and i want coffee
Agreed.
Conditions for political success so entrenched, feel its a doctoram to talk 'return' to an antifinance, propoor ideology
In Europe and turning on pre moderation of blog comments for the week,:
Yay glad I can help :
Who's celebrating Day?
I'm going all over town checking in til my cel batteries die.
BadgeBabe virtualhug!...

There are no facts, only interpretations.
Telesales Exec, Lincoln, Temp to Perm, immediate start available!
If interested email CV to
Hey, Anderson!
Me either!
Thanks a million!
: love the doctorss!
Can't wait to see it!!
Woah...Josh Hamilton.
: World famous!
exactly.
Is 999 like our 911 in the US?
Just wondering.
I find Tibetan cosmology overly complicated  but neither am I familiar with it.
lol!
Yes!
: I'm gonna be watching it for like 2 hours!
Hahaha
RT My wife and I love !
Enjoy!
Just got done watching it here in EST zone.
Didn't see O'Brian/Lady Violet sapphic interlude coming!
spoiler alert
Great job tonight Krysta!
Nice to meet you.
RaiseHerVoice Happy bday!
haha i guess we shall see
2 nights ago?
when do you graduate?
What types of positions are you looking at?
Let me know I am a recruiter; here to help 
Who is going to Orioles OpeningDay??
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
But I love making believe!
i guess they have to make something out of it.
I look forward to seeing you and again : 
I've been craving some Dunkin Donuts lately.
Gonna make my tummy happy  go for a munchkins run.
purple is for da flyest ;0..missy u owe me and erica a date luv ya
If you're going to follow people, give us some idea of who u are or what u do in your twitter professorle if you want a follow back.
I'm writing these letters on the wall to remind myself to get back up every time I fall
I miss George Lopez on nick at night
Was my alltime favorite book in 5th grade, too.
So timeless, all the same shenanigans  secret clubs, girl stuff, boy crush
And now back to the completely boring, in which I proofread a sudocs exchange list for the rest of the day.
We're joining , , , John Behrens  in a Big Data session at
Did you know I can do pullups?
To everyone who gets to be outside today  take advantage of this gorgeous weather and say hi to the sun for me.
I did
Thanks so much Mike!
oneworldonefight!!
Kentucky is nothing like HeeHaw.
Well, maybe a little.
Congratulations!
nope I really like solitude and friends are overrated
we're too good.
Her coat looked like an Amish corset.
Well, hello NYC and all my other followers from across the world!!!
: Hope everyone has a fantastic day/night.
Love
Trapped: that awkward feeling when I realize I'm ordering at a vegetarian cafe and all I want is bacon.
2nd interview at Angie's List next week!
Pretty awesome!
slowly working but bout to pick up
At least im bein honest about that up front that not a few but a good amount of screws missing lol and I don't hav a filter at that lol
first impression of boss's kindle fire  heavy
that nose though omg
Congratulations!
What is this degree exactly?
Keep Calm and Play Saxophone.
Then listen to my CD 'After Hours', promise you that you won't be disappointed.
Only thing I look forward to during the Super Bowl is the marathon of Matlock reruns every other network is playing.
My eyes sting, hopefully i'll get some sleep tonight.
Life is like a finger, pointing to the Moon.
If you look at the finger you will miss all the heavenly glory.
Bruce Lee
My Kia gets 3035 miles to a gallon which I am GRATEFUL for!
I would upgrade to a more fuel efficient car if a had a job b had money
Octomom is a freak.
Gonna get foreclosed  kicked out of the house.
She Should have taken the porno money 
The Greatest Investment that anyone can invest in is YOU.
yes I have.
Looks like Tampa is about half way between Orlando and Estero.
datpiff is broke taylorallderdice broke the internet
Yes, Buzz Williams just used the term stove up.
OmniDirectional Outdoor Antenna, Dual Band Frequency 2.4 and ...
What happened to Goyte at ?
Oh well...gonna try and stay up to catch doctor  Snoop..
I fuckin love my last name
you'd think this Zimmerman would just turn himself in with all the public pressure.
Do the right thing, man.
LOVE the Beatbox commercial!
So funny!
with 3 acres you have room for thatcamp camping.
oh snap, lemme read it lol
A meowing cat catches no mice.
Yiddish proverb
Brody said my name for the first time3:
Is she old.
Mine is about 7 and for his disease, that's like 120
Nice!
I know it's terribly ungreen, but I absolutely LOVE mine!
Need to get one for the office as well.
:
Even all the santorums on stage aren't interested in what he's saying
OK, so why was that dude waiting for me to finish at the urinal with 2 unoccupied stalls available for his use?
great new products!
why the no ficore people in your breakdown?
Booked my flight to see the July Space Shuttle launch!!!
I'm gon needyou to know u got a woman in 2012 I'm Dnepropetrovsk playing games
I'm going with Kobe, Reddick, Afflalo and Watson.
RT : Gallery of what NBA Players Wear When They Arrive at the Arena:
Chill day.
Don't even want to get ready
This is the Car of the Day.
Because we said so.
We take orders from no one in this venue.
Masters of our Domain, we are:...
Getting ready to kick off at today's conference shoot
The society we live in would rather have negative doings than positive showings.SAD BUT TRUE
: I'll be watching!
Go!
Fight!
Win!
Cowboy!.
8
Pictures of the Lego LSP look pretty cool!
Hitting The Special Effects Button Don't Make You A Photographer
dearmama ur the best mom ever I love u so much3
Oh my gosh the memories!Both my elementary  grade school are in the audience  Paint the Town Red by the Chicago Childoctorn's Choir
Flipping thru movies on Netflix and seen Joe Dirt.
I automatically thought of keeponkeepinon 
Haha, well damn!
You have Sheree all wrong Baby.
Thank You Ill be waiting  : lol
best game ever
watching Pretty Little Liars even when tomorrow I have to wake up early :P Bye Good Night 3
Happy Valentines Day beautiful and lovely people!!
wehaveabirthdaaaaaaay theawkwardmoment when you sit there not knowing what to do while everyone sings to u
MWIP trying to run...
Glad to find you  see you online.
Formal education will make you a living.
Selfeducation will make you a fortune Jim Rohn
Multiple skills are like portfolio diversification; Reduced risk.
The more you have, the more likely one will hold value when others don't.
With continued ATT Uverse phone problems, has saved me again.
I've had multiple conference calls through Gmail the past few days...
In all fairness to you, I may even have been 9
Not to mention the horribly simple logo.
I think I designed something similar in 7th grade when I got a D in art class.
Not Scruffys, Bill bill's.
Youre too young.
Feature on New twitter blast will include local and national deals.
Do you like watermelon with mint?
How about watermelon with smoked albacore, mint and feta?
Summer is finally here.
Such a long night o my lol
New Ulm, MN here we come.
It's all about the money...either put up or shut up and step aside..
Revising research questions to make them more abstract.
Starting out with what is man?
Bill Lazor  one of West Scranton's favorite sons.
he said ill give you 5000.
i said no you wont youll give me that giraffe.
and thats what he did gave it right to me.
If you're a Main Street fan, you'll want to stay tuned for the announcement of April's topic!
Reminder: Kickoff and registration is in the Student Center and sessions are next door at the College of Education.
The Official Bankster Dictionary
Ahh!
Thanks.
Happy
I am trying to figure out what to do for my sister and sister in law I may just hijack their kids and use their kids handprints for them
missing my beautiful girl see her in 9 days in charlotte northcarolina!
Madison plans to post no gun signs on bus shelters as buildings.
Amazing to what depths they will stoop to try to mess with gun owners.
The Wallingford Seattle is the worst post office location in the city.
Incompetence abounds.
You're still coming to a Brewers game with me at Miller Park, right?
Do it!
RT: Wanna know where dudes on tour are hanging after their shows!?
Follow 
Who want to talk about heath slater
So does everyone else RT : I deserve the best ...
Im a good person
Just downloaded the app just to listen to and
Monday!
Time to work.
time waits for no one .
I got something from Taco Bell the other day and it had sour cream in it.
I really got that attitude like...
cant nobody tell me what to do.
Oliver is by far my favorite.
Have you heard of OpOliver?
and are bringin it back
MADDENNFL13 Soundtrack created by Colin O'Malley, unique soundtrack for every menu.
No more EA Trax, good way to save on licensing?
Reading Swamplandia!
and am thrown by how so very closely I'm relating to Ava, who also lost her mother to cancer at 12.
Great read so far.
Always!!
Let me know how I can help.
RTgotta look stupid reflection/// maybe look yourself in the eye instead and ask yourself how you're going to change the world
if you have to wonder why that's austin backround, then you must be a new mahomie or just a fake one...
Just saying.
we lost one but keep battling...
We carry NINE varieties of medicated Brownies!
We understand that patients need variety when medicating.
Hi from a classmate from AESHS!
Don't let this day to be a vehicle for hate and discrimination; let it be a catalyst for acceptance and love
can you do Friday instead?
Lmao, A Chocolate Chip Cookie?
hope you had a great time!
What type of margarita?
;P Trivial Fact on Historical Baldness red lead
Meeting You Was Great UnForgetable To See You Preform Live Your a Incredable Dancer 3
if you use a different ip addoctorss/another computer you should be able to vote for yourself more.
Ill get you some votes too
haha, he was born that way and maybe stared at a naked dennis rodman in the locker room too long.
: spread the word Sunday May 20 we can use them for  Done and my pleasure!
haha, I'll see if I can pull some strings when I go to campus today!
By that I mean I'll tell a barista to tell his/her boss.
I have seen what appear to be a couple of very emeraldly clad walksofshame...
Very nice, but fold  mutability, no?
tokens.foldLeft  m.updated
hope oomf coming to see me today
Watching my favorite show jerseyshore with my favorite person
Belieber since 2009, still here in 2012, I will be here until the end.
This isn't the end, it's only the beginning of his life
Tony, what time should we line up for checkin Fri AM  to get our tickets?
as a noob, I'm getting nervous.
Do you like Celtic Frost?
I like Celtic Frost.
Let's enjoy Celtic Frost together  see how many times we can say Celtic Frost.
: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY THANK YOU 3
Unfollow this page it got hacked n follow my new one
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay You know what I'm saying...
just say it dam!!!
Great to see it.
You were actually my very 1st follower back in 2008.
Still trying to break thru 2K.
: I'm still kicking!
:
I recommend box fan, the cure for all noise.
If it can doctorwn out doctornks at bar time...
I should have gone in to advertising.
You know u love someone when u still believe their bullshit stories
coo did u start new ones?
your mom likes...big..,shut up
damn you killing kids, rest in hell
I had an awful workout yesterday, but didn't post it because you kind of expect that from an overweight office worker right?
Having some beers with the babe, then bed time.
3
Last night's postgame victory lap by Giants players at Lambeau should provide plenty of motivation for next year's season.
Well send me the link because I am youtubing right about now
These refs are doing a really good job so far
Fox  Hound!!!
The Best Party in Town!!!!
Follow Me  get all the latest updates on whats going on with FHABQ!!
Putting 2gether a bike 4Eli.
Gotta start now, it may take 23 days till it gets all the way 2gether!
Members of a union representing hospital workers have reached a tentative agreement.
More info at 6am on
Free Nuts is all about the interesting and free web apps
just seid I would make my bf a sandwich after sex...whats happend to me?.
Why??
Do u hate math for me its so easyy :/
thanks hon!
: I followed your advice Guru and did the name change!
Great tip!
Thanks babe!
Makes so much more sense!
:
No.
This Statement Appears To Be Precisely INCORRECT.
:
The secret of forgiving everything is to understand nothing.
Help me find music LOL!
Happy New Year, everyone  thanks for an amazing 2011.
We are closed to tonight to celebrate  will be OPEN for you New Years's Day 1010!
i see future baby me and you thats how we do
My mom says I'm bipolar..lol.
I wonder who I get it from..:B lol
You Ughh' No Mf I Already Had That BeFor
If you remember the Popples, I'm sending you a virtual highfive right now!
The Weather Channel to Promote Pledge Participation for Campaign to Raise ...
EON: Enhanced Online News
Awesome!
Thank you!!
the title was adjusted fyi.
Tweet.
Tweet.
Is this thing on?
I'm hangin' tough.
RT : Ain't nothing right about what you're doing.

thanks for the retweet!
A pet dog is often more loyal than some people will ever be...
Thanks!!!!!
I now follow both :D
Where's Wayne Campbell?
hey plzz follow me
People reading more not less.
Reading differently due 2 shorter attn spans,  quickly scanning 4 qual.
content
Aways bittersweet seeing replays of prince in a brewers uniform
I'm really the best fake boyfriend ever.
Totally made her day today.
Suck my peehole.
The Bacon informed me that I'd better watch my associations.
Yeah.
You heard that right.
WATCH MY ASSOCIATIONS.
Goodnight everyone ;
Going to pnba?
Ck out  indie publishing panel Thurs.
w/ and Tim LaBarge
Makes me so mad!
Hulu has so much stuff but they can't have dinosaurs??
AlJazeera starts new sports channel to cover NSL  National Suicide League  The World Series of Terrorism and the Wide Wide World of IEDs.
figuring it out.
do you think Walker will win in Wisconsin?
Metty Christmas to all u east coasters
The White Ribbon is too good
Talked to this afternoon....
it gave me life!!
I love 3 her
I've been asked to perform 'Twas the Night Before Christmas at a show next weekend to benefit Whidbey Animals' Improvement Foundation.
twice actually boo boo aint she offline doe
Mayweather still ready doe dnt get me wrong
It's the most wonderful time of the yeaaaaarrr....
mouth retainer time.
looking at all of the artwork the kids are creating
awe, where exactly?
thanks Pam!
erm..where are you?
Germany was awesome!!!
true that:
girl next to me on the metro was a duke grad who was in Alspaugh and was from Charlottesville.
Small world!
Not gonna bother.
OMG I just watched the whole video.
I want to go so bad!
How long will U B there?
Finish reading Once Upon A Cow...stop making excuses.
Austin, Alex, Dave, Robert, Tyler, zach, Cameron, mama, Andoctorw.
Hi all!Pop in for brunch.We have popovers with sausage topped with gravy  a side of fresh fruit.Finish brunch with Scooters frozen custard
5000 friends on Facebook, follow me on twitter though.
sadly, I live in Missouri : i would if I cud cuz ur color is gorgeous!
We're excited, too!
What Happen Cuzzin ?
Watch my piece on the USS Monitor tonight on Americas Now9:30EST cctvamerica.
We reveal the faces of two lost Union sailors.
idk its Thursday lol a boring day
please share this on twitter thank you
yeah, totally!
It was great fun until my sister stood on the counter and yelled one more minute!
Then they kicked us out.
Animated RT Tell me one adjective that describes the mood in your house during Fall.
i don't know if she ships.
If not maybe your mom could order them and send them to you?
of course!
Best of luck!
brad paisley tomorrow...
im going to cry
What are you creating for 2012 that will increase the quality of your relationships and improve the world in which you live?

HAHA I MISS YOU 
Yeah that is one reason why I can't stand Pharmacy stuff is the insurance.
Insurances are a pain in the ass to deal with...
you jelly?
what happened lady??
lmao no way!
Listen, I'm hispanic.....I don't need to cheat ;P

I DONT Fuck With Pepsi ..
That Cemercial Went To Far.
How TF They Gon Have The Coke Man doctornking Pepsi .!
YouBullShittin 
Susan!
My God, we thought you were dead.
Susan: No, just in New Jersey.
What you up to now Sawyer?
I am still working out some of the bugs.
But I am a diehard it has gotten to be a challenge.
Tweet!
Back
I hope that someday we will find evidence that there is intelligent life among humans on this planet.
Sylvia Earle from TEDTalk
okay?
but that means I have to do Greek homework...
just kidding Greek is awesome
Wine Quote of the Day Beer is made by men, wine by God!
Martin Luther
happy milf day eve
Just set up studio time for next wekend we promise hits
HIRING a SENIOR AUDITOR in CLEARWATER must have a CPA or CIA or CISA or CFE.
CONTACT ME asap on
there once was a group with liam and niall..
Tell me something I don't know!
lol I mean one of my friends who was being stalked, and you came in to help.
That's her.
She LOVES BTR.
...Do they actually think they can make something of stones from a rubbish heapand charred ones at that?
Neh 4:2 Charred stones work.
TY!
RT : Example Social Media Rules  Guidelines are posted on the SMILEcon Facebook site.
More examples are available.
He's a bum!
Kevin Jones should have won!
hahah okay gramps.
Would love to see what you can make.
Cereal doesn't count :
don't know how to feel.
mixed emotions.
bittersweet..
meh.
Screened UCLA Archive's restored 35 print of Cecil B.
DeMille's CLEOPATRA with Claudette Colbert tonight at Playboy Mansion.
who makes the sandwiches in a lesbian relationship?
That made my head hurt ugh I'm ready to go home!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
thank u

at times i pretend shit don't bug me cause i don't like others to think im weak.
It's nice when someone remembers small detail about you.
Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care.
Made it through the bone scan fine.
No results yet; don't anticipate hearing 'til Monday.
Hopefully that means no cancer in bones.
Love the work Allstate completes.
Awesome!
nice!
You're on a roll!!
yes.
Wordpress is terrible....
It's been a nice 3 week break but SummerSchool starts today.
Welcome back students  families to The PalmBeach School for
Why can't you buy doctornks on sunday?
I guarantee jesus loved to doctornk
Signed in to Gmail today and was greeted by their new privacypolicy.
Thanks for making it easy to undertand!
I hate to be a Negative Nancy, I really do, but the newTwitter is awful, just awful.
Could be worse, I suppose.
:/
ha thats almost everybody

and all the childoctorn are insane 
its terrible!
What am i gunna do lol
iknowitsreal because you've never cried to me like this before..
Thanks, man!
RT Visit Zenler booth 551 ASTD Expo near the lunch area for a chance to win an iPad 2
So yea im good I know I went ghost for a while on twitter.
oh then that sucks  convince your mom!
If tweeted me , id jump over my bed , flip a table and run down the street crying of joy .
CONGRATS :
Is flea season over for the pets, and if so, where do you live?
Attic show.
Always cool.
You'll know how much I care about you, by how much time I spend with you.
Well i didnt mean to do it, but theres no escaping ur love.
Firefox is better than IE, if a bit pushy.
I like SeaMonkey better, but it doesn't work on all websites.
Same!
Question is, should I force myself to sleep early tonight or throw in the towel  hope for a better outcome next week?
Sore today, but also feeling great.
Joined the fiance in a group class at his martial arts school and did some grappling.
:
Probably one of the saddest days in tech history....RIP Steve Jobs....you were an absolute legend
Research and Markets: Fruit and Vegetable Canning Industry in the U.S.
and its International Trade
should come  visit me ;
: Is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper?
thevoice Yes!
She should have rethought that outfit.
so that explains it!
However, I skip the meat  fish and am still quite fulfilled ;;;
Just saw outside her bus...
SO COOL!
gotta fox wit the SAMe.
Sposed to be good for dopamine and serotonin.
Or just listen to u god 'dopium'.
I love my beautiful girlfriend i dont know what I would do without her.
I would prolly lose my mind.
You are my everything baby
Nothing better on a Thursday than to watch Palmer, Player and Nicklaus tee it off at
The NBA lockout has big implications, everyone overseas is getting pushed down a level, which means someone is sitting at home!
Thanks so much!
Can I send you a play?
Thanks so much, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
I really don't want 2 go 2 school and get bullied more :/
Cool.
How do I participate?
yo Tweeters party I waste precious tweet space.
Take that tweeters
Guilt is always the best marketing strategy.
Thanks for keeping 20lbs of glass out landfills
Bui look like the Chicago Bulls in trouble.
ha
well that's the best part :P haha
We will be live tweeting today's events all day!
pick me up!
Good Morning!
Wow, what a Fantastic week it's been!
This New Year is starting off so wonderful!
I hope yours is too!
Happy New Year!
:
i wanna go to 's party .
For sure, we're all about a positivity!
Selling HatsForHope!
Check them out on our website :
look then
Cheer us on through the sun and rain, 'cause Chelsea, Chelsea is our name!
Working on new video.
Anyone have a photo of an albino alligator playing a madarin?
Let me know.
Come celebrate Mothers Day right now River Sports Cafe in Dallas!!
Live band  hip show!!
5214 S Lamar St Free parking all night!!
FedEx is terrible, worked there last summer and hated almost every minute of it
Last time I rooted for KU this badly they took care of biz and beat Memphis  Cal.
Your boys can do this again.
Enjoy the game.
Too happy to be tired.
The Wizard Brian Coxx is killing it !
Tracked vocals tonight!
Our album is geting closer to completion.
Thanks to everyone who entered our Muse gift card giveaway!
We will announce the winner on Monday!
Stay tuned...
Sami said come over now or else
billdub or some shit like that?
New interview and photoshoot More details in the coming week xoxoRabbit
yeah, right?
I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package.
Has anyone seen a sneak peek of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS?
If so, we'd love to hear from you.
Lately I've become such a !
right im sayin ?
The Shakedown will love you when nobody else will.
new song comes out today so excited
Thought I would have only the half a can of beer but the can is already empty.
Such overachievement!
should i retwist now or wait til tomorrow?
that is the question
I cant stop thinking about Radiohead this summer!
Baahh!
Summer is going to rock with all the good music  movies.
Just found out The White Tie Affair has a new album coming out in July!!
You get to see us tomorrow and this weekend Philly!
RT : Evansville show tomorrow...
I'm Excited
I also don't know where I fit in.
What I am interested in, what I want to do, the experiences/degrees I have don't make sense.
Nervous?
Yes, a little...
Is it your first time?
No, I've been nervous before.
We'll be enjoying 2 for 1 breakfast tomorrow!
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
i loved that movie, but that was a pretty crappy ending!
i'd be glad to.
IF YOU GOT LOVE AND SUPPORT FOR JAYPRINCE AND FFTAMG,SHOW IT HERE..!!!
Getting super high in bed 
Done with my homework before 345..abnormal
I hate
Cant take people serious if they express that they have anger issues and?
Austria  Cat's future home?
Follow our great partners this year!
, , , , , 
Cool.
Just checking I didn't piss you off or something.
that would make it a little less obvious, wouldn't it?
kinect  your body  and your tweets as one 
RT How about Turbofire?!
The H.I.I.T workouts are an amazing to shed fat and great when you are pressed for time too!
I'm thanks and u?
Which Amy is this btw?
hahahhahahah i LOVE this!
hilarious hahaha
oh haha,i just got back from Nashville,Maybe you can come to Indianapolis to say Happy Birthday to Muah
Skinny girls can shake they ass too!
ShootLOL
It is pretty tasty!
Enjoy the rest of the day and have an awesome weekend
Have you tried Babylon Cafe recently?
Chicken Shawarma, Gyro  Lamb!
Vegetarian dishes too!
Yum!
a who sings that song?
I need that!!
yeah or whoever.
Catching up on my DVR.
That episode of Glee where Will proposes to Emma rocked!
Joyful tears in my eyes!
jake I would never k you.
It was for Brice.
And no, I will not apologize.
I've seen some
My boyfriend is mocking me for the denim overall skirt thingy I got from today.
Fortunately, it is far too cute for me to care.
:
I foresee a lot of parmesan artichoke spread from in my future.
Why have I never tried that before?!
hehehe : are you going with ale tonight ?
Vanessa Hudgens  Ashley Tisdale: Girls' Night Gorgeous!
GossipCenter.com
Just hangin with my family making that sunday dinner yummy
We are so looking forward to hosting you this fall!
Chicago  cannot wait!
my best friend :D OO his awesome epic badass good looking nice and i love him like a best friend :D his 17 teen :D
Who is watching the NCAA bball championship tonight, and who is your pick??
I'm torn...
Yea!!
RYAN : god, haven't talk to u in ages..
funny how you find you enjoy your life when you're happy to be alive
ha wow good luck.
Family is where the heart is.
Thank you
Okay, why did no one tell me they serve at ?
Tonight tasted like 2007 in Prague.
nun same ol thing..working ...parting lol
Depends whether we want the focus to be the game or doctornking.
Game  soon.
doctornking  anytime after
Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath.
You will suffocate.
The only way to get anything in the physical universe is...
i wonder if people can hear my latin music in the hallways..
Ward 5 candidate said this in a forum last wk.
Residents  other candidates didn't get it.
Just got off the phone with one of the Doobie Brothers.
No big deal.
Ah the fact that is coming back to NYC this summer is making scream like crazy!
Gary, really worked finePam was overwhelmed w things, really would like to have you at the house 4 dinner sometime as well!
Indeed her flag pin is large  in charge!
Oh, Tina Fey.....
Lol k RT : I am now
Wait, what?
He came to the bar but didn't come talk to you?
Dude is so weird.
Chip away!
Chip away at the stone!
Get to at 3pm for 520 mega sat.
1 4500 Aruba pack for every 9 players.
Win a 3300 entry  1200 travel.
On twitter at least, there are people I now know very well and whose books I wd not review.
Not fact of connection but depth.
How many amazing actors are in Code of Silence with Chuck Norris?
Today we pushed an elderly man out of a wheel chair at home depot!
You think that's low?
You should see our PRICES!
Thanks !
We will celebrate and doctornk excessively at formal.
Answer to Week of July 18, Interesting Health Fact of the Day: Which lung takes in more air?
The Right Lung.
Networking w/crazy designer and engineers for a new Samsung lab in Silicon Valley  open to entry level  junior talent as well as 10xers
They only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about
Time for the doctorving range.
keep doin ya thing
I look like who did it and ran...
sounds good to me.
what dates?
text me if anything, let me know.
Good luck in Prov
: You had some of the best times you'll never remember with me, alcohol.
BradPaisley 
was the new episode on yesterday?
owww i hit my head on a tree...
mow its bleeding :
Aww love u too brittany!
RT : I LOVE YOU ALEXIS REED RT : Can't believe I'm leaving 2morrow!
I think imma cry
Win a free super bowl spot for next year's game.
Tweet superideopia .
Winner chosen by random...
Our coffee will have a mass effect on your day!

last night's SHRM meeting was awesome.
Love the college kids.
I'm encouraged by our future leaders!
No reception!
Broken parts!
But North Cascades NP was incredible yesterday.
Slept under oldgrowth trees.
About 30 mi from Anacortes.
Sh ...
Illegally cut lilac off ptw and my room smells so god
I like your tweets !
Members Card Rays ML 110 Nationals ML 115 GAME OF THE WEEK
i got thursday off, kettles?
Check out Sweet Tease in the September issue of Options Magazine.
To hit shelves any day now!
Any webseries out there that can help direct us to a good site to design custom twitter background?
who threw the pretzel at u lol
that dunk was SWEET!
Cant remember the last time ive seen one that demanded that much attention.
Time for Roman Fingers practice!!
Then Cookout!!
Gonna make cheddar filled turkey dogs, with Classic potato salad and beans!!
Yum!
Long day/night at work!
At least I can get my cardio2 done on my meal break!
Almost home!
Sweet doctorams everyone!
BIG THANK YOU to BACK YARD BURGERS for serving up some great food yesterday.
Went along with our Western Days Celebration!
LOL She gives me chocolate for lunch!
Happy Mother's Day Lynn!
P90X tomorrow...workout is crazy doing abs tomorrow I dont think I've been this sore...EVER
Decision is a risk rooted on the courage of being free.
Paul Tillich
and you, my friend, are very handsome yourself!
:
If u have a instagram follow me or I m you don't have one get one follow me I follow back also my name is...
sydbuckels follow plz!!
Not to mention Hossa's head was down, any smart player would avoid that situation.
Stretch...and pray!
: : Fill in the blank Friday: When I work out, the first thing I do is .
Thanks!
HAHAHA!
:P :P :P
you buy them so quick we can't keep track anymore!
enjoy 4 and we'll see how long it takes before 5 is in your doctorveway.
why the uggs?
You aren't psyched about the wrote an entire program as a FuncT, TResult.
Feature?
Gotta do more mobile tweeting
suggesting that revenues are a meaningful part of addoctorssing debt isn't hyperventilating...try wikipedia
damn TMZ hating in chad
I'm ready
and need their own headline podcast.
Best part of the Grantland podcasts!
Except maybe Yankees hate...
RT No hate equals Cardinals hate.
u is an ass haha.
And I'm alive and kickin woohoo
I was just told Happy bday by a guy on FB that is no longer alive.
You shouldnt do that to ppl whoever is updating that acct
whew, feels good to have finished that algebra project :
Proud to be an Oklahoman right now.
ThunderUp!
have you ever heard of the Janoskians?
go to their youtube channel, one of them is massive fan of you :
if i change my name to douche nozzle will twitter verify my account?
Bodum storage containers and select Swissmar Salt and Pepper Mills are 40 off until they're gone!
Would you ever get a Christmas inspired tat?
I'm talking about Christmas trees, lights, presents and all that jazz!
Should be sleep but i'm too excited!
my word homie it's time!!!
taylor swift is the best gurl
Where?
MT : I love press releases with, The officer contacted a shirtless man swinging a pickax in the center median...
F them other btches we on that other business  F them otha niggas we at them dolla figures 
Happy Birthday!
You are gorgeous inside and out!!
sigh.
You are so the older brother I never had...but on the internet.
OKAY GUYS I'M HITTIN THE HAY.
goodnight 
Are you kidding me?
Christmas music in stores already??
.
clients  are both moving on to the next round.
Congrats guys!
I know!!!!
I'm super excited!
Yeah!
: I love my fucking job, you guys.
Damn the colony is so ghetto...
playa langosta, pacific northwest, costa rica esp if you like to surf.
cheap board rentals and beer, monkeys in the trees
Got me over here thinking about dancing!
hahah right?
Theyre all such good dudes.
Hope I made you proud man!
Hook me up with some shoes!
Make WATER a BIG part of your LIFE now.
S/O to my new followers
Barbie what you up to??
sounds promising??
we be in FLA March 710 BUT way up in St.
Augustine
low altitude planes should bug off.
it's 11:30.
why people go out in the world and do this your just mad tht she is popular and your not so back off and leave her alone
Text me.
So glad you were able to play!!
you know where I live, he lives across the street
I thought it might be this
No School For Me Haha Suspended For Fighting Tehehehe!
Happy Hour at 4 Aces Now!
ever doctornk baileys from a shoe?
Hahah
Only thing fresh about UW bb is that cat w the high top fade...props to that dude
I try to keep my black belt in keeping it real uptodate and in use!
Anyone have any good recommendations for brunch spots in NYC?
To all artists out there!
Thank you  you are creating the future and we just want to say thanks!
Revisiting Miles at the Blackhawk.
Whoa...
Forgot how good it was.
ThingsThatTickMeOff...
people who think skipping will get them places
Please check your messages
love u too baby girl.
Jared Ford: Mobile technology is a powerful tool for
Get me out of here ....
Thanks!
When I told John and Lori I got a new job I said it was in Dallas.
I think Lori almost doctorpped the plate she was holding!
it has ?
ok, why does it seem new to me today ?
in some situations it COULD be endearing...but for the most part I'd say unattractive across the board
Just watched 60 minutes.
Some great moments, some cringeinducing ones.
Welldeserved praise for Nole and very cool for tennis.
what do you have?
I've got YEMX w EGA for fraternal brohood that is the USMC.
Thinking next is Italian
GO FOLLOW THIS AMAZING MAHOMIE 3  3 she's awesome..3 I love her tweets!:
Does anyone want learn about selling Tupperware?
A fun way to earn extra cash.
would Obama have won NC again?
And I don't get why doctoram Big has to equal dark?
snort Bye bye bye
you have e  m this weekend and I have w  b so can start planning a ..
Right?
Sorry folks!
WhereisTim canceled due to severe weather.
We will be back tomorrow though!
I agree Alan.
The players should refuse to play and stand up for what's right.
Ill let you know.
I dont cry.
Put on makeup though
Where can I pick up a copy of Somehow I Manage?
Im muhammad ali yu sonny
Tonight and make history in the greatest city on the map.
clevelandmovement get them hands up or ur ugly as f
Would have??
Cmon Rick, he is an absolute stone cold first ballot Hall of Famer.
No question.
super heavy blankets
eatin some chinese food thn softball practice!
1st one of the year!
If you have to lie about or hide your actions.....dont you think that means you SHOULDNT be doing it????
Can't wait 4 the race amstelgoldoctorce.
Top 10 would be sweet!
Just 1 of a few in SD that knows amstel is more than just a beer
aww thank you for the follow love!
:D Everyone please follow He's wonderful and gives great shout outs!3
thanks for my invite
Singing out loud to the oldies serves as a good stress reliever.
Thank goodness bc the fire doctorlls started way too early this AM!
THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY!
via
:D your the best sammy!
;D lol
why the doctorgs?
Why the incapacitation?
2004 Nobel Prize Winner in Chemistry is a phrase that should never be displayed in Comic Sans.
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:1
make bitches cry like me
happy mother's day to all!!
wish i was sleepy
nice shout out to the 'bird in the fiveonfive today.
One of my favorites
looks like you'll be coming through my hometown of Springfield, MO.
so cool you're planning on doing the whole trip!
follow back so I can DM you
If you're the kind of editor that wants to steer what your writers do without asking their own ?'s, then share opinions.
WeLoveNiall because HE IS SO TALENTED OMG
Flavor of the WEAK!!
SPEAKING OF COMMERCIALS SHOT OUT TO AND
Phoenix MDA has finally figured out this TweetDeck thing and will be posting regularly soon!
Thanks for your support.
Time is the wisest counsellor.
Pericles
You would had never thought a woman that fine would have Hammer Time in her shoes like that!!!
Bammer Bammer Bammer!
I really hope that semih plays well against the Knicks so I can make a Madison Square Garden of Erden joke.
Go Cavs!
Thanks for the follow.
Our Eades whisky will be in NYC by June.
We're quite excited!
So much support from folks about my Psychology Today piece on sexual development and my Abiola TV interview about our book!
Thank you all!
Yeah, that's great and all, but the real question is, will Jim Nabors be there for Back Home Again in Indiana?
I'm curious to see how well Google Plus will be adopted
I've flown into a lot of airports over the years.
None of the approaches are as beautiful as Seattle's on a sunny day.
The Notebook...
Incredible thai feast last night, thank you.
I am often perplexed how some women feel they can ignore child support orders and think there's no consequence.
WOW GURL.
U BE A REBEL.
I CANT TC WITH CHUU NO MOAR U TOO DANGEROUS.
Cats win championship
in light of your CEO lamenting unlimited data and iMessage, I offer this: offer unlimited iPhone users a buyout of sorts.
cont...
some people might think you're cute.
But me, I think you're one very large baked potato.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
23
obv the gay guy.
aka me
I'm good, just washed clothes and relaxing now, finally off work, put in 35.28 hours!!
whoopWhoop!
lol!!
TeamFollowBack I got you!!!
GetDaddyDirectionTo3Million LIAM DESERVES IT!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face  forever
I doubt it!
If you want to get into the others, let me know.
I may have a way.
Back home in Wisconsin!
Within my first hour of being at my aunt's, she's given my dog so many treats he's thrown up :
I just rec'd Mastiff in my mailbox today.
So excited I won.
Thanks for all of your hard work and for the book!
Going to concert tonight H.O.B I do it!!!!
The season is literally slipping through their fingers
Naw ima get a mcchicken with cheese and bacon..that's sounds good
Happy Mothers Day baby!!!!!
people have always seen me as being mature but i need to start owning that quote by one of our
but its getting late and i gotta be up early so ttyl man!
Goodnight!
If any of my followers didn't know, Diebomb is in the process of writing and recording the new album.
Get ready to become insane!
Pull the friggin trigger
DYK?
Sharon Pratt Kelly First woman mayor of Washington, D.C.
is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
It had to be amazing.
I'll try for the next Va rally within 50 miles of DC...
My nigga d.
Rose cumin back
Dealing with your period on a trip?
First day of summer yesterday  yep, it's a HotBreeze.....!
Agreed, a beautiful night out tonight.
I love this kind of soft rain.
Happy to connect you with Michael Burke of appssavvy.
Let me know Cassie.
Its embarrassing that Scott Walker, former Milwaukee County Executive, is now attacking the city he pretended to care about for 8 years
Karlsson wins 2hole playoff at
The Romney slime machine hits WI.Amazing to behold.: Willard, STOP calling me?
10 calls NOTmy vote.
CC 
thanks man I will
I'm horny, but I don't need an auttornet
Welcome Glad to have you!
Visiting Home Depot always makes me feel more manly!
Ordering new bikes for !
Buddy Bike Sport w/NuVinci N360  Buddy Bike Econo Single Speed both w/front end changes.
New This Week  Seven new jobs, a new grant, and a new online learning opportunity.
Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Lost Dog Callie  100 Reward Callie the Beagle is lost in Louisville, KY.
I need a massage like fuck
I also like the touch command.
I use that a lot with dillon to get him to focus when we're walking
I deff can
: Virgo's are health conscious and count calories.I don't calories but rest is right
Crash involving semi truck and attenuator truck in Tacoma on NB I5 at Pacific.
Everybodies got a money gang...
Even Brian how your pussy works McKnight...
I'm looking for equates and stock portfolio options.
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areasthis can include parks  sadly any place other pets frequent.
Playin Meek Mill to 11 with the windows down so he can yell at people outside my car too
CO House begins debate on resolution that would have legislature intervene on state side of Lobato case.
Oh man, the life on the bus never stops entertaining.
u can not not be happy and root for russell wilson.
Wipes sweat off forehead
I haven't forgotten.
I'm giving it a go on a guest pass.
I didn't get to play in the open beta to get it out of my system.
Witnessed it in Indy at the Pacers game...
love this RT : I'm sorry but chicago fans are so annoying.
I'm so happy right now
This generation of architects have to deal with technologies demand for speed versus cherishing design
alright allright ;p
If a guy can't handle a girl in sweatpants he sure doesnt deserve her In a wedding doctorss.
aww :/ and that would be awesome, thank you!
:
i found some records man.....
dont think ya understand....
i really FOUND SOME RECORDS....
: I guess I wasnt involved...: lol.
The brewers are above .500!!!
Good times.
What a great show!
Kobe does it once again.
21 lake show.
31 going back to LA after monday night.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
Don't know enough about politics of an MLS team to know if Spencer will be on hot seat soon.
Only their 2nd season.
It's early.
I only wore wear jeans and pants until 2 years ago.
Now I just don't feel myself when I'm wearing them.
9 likes away from 800!
tell your friends to like us and stuff!
we would be forever in your debt!
On Adelante tonight, activist Omar Barberena returns from Cuba and explains what it's really like there.
6:30 pm on MPTV 10.
We are looking for a Sr.
Java Flex developer for client in Plano, TX.
Great opportunity  Awesome organization.
Today was a amazingly good day....And the Blueberry Cream Danish I scored made it even better  I love cakes and pie
Show at tremont music hall start at 8 !!!
Come out and support Charlotte!!!!
let's go DANCE!
Thanks for following us!
At Dork Shorts
Use specifics when writing marketing copy.
It makes you claims more credible and your message more believable.
ok :D send me bout 6 picture pleasssee?
'm making you something ;D
DON'T FORGET TO BRING THE MONEY TOMORROW!
As soon as you get it put it in your bag!
NY is starting to feel really small.
Five in a row!
So, interesting that he's already worried about threat.
Hm.
Watchin' golf...hoping for a Tiger comeback!
go online!
I miss u!
Love u ariana!
Xoxo
lol i did dat when u logged in
Thank you Dave!
holy crap!!
So sorry about the car...but im glad you're ok.
I need a massage
DontThinkJustBecause I only have 2 fingers on my left hand that I cant benchpress more then you ;
For Vegas bro?
Haha my parents hinted at getting me one next year but hell no daw brand new.
Haha
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving from the Office of Admissions!
i want to go to the gotye concert :
This hair needs a MAJOR tending to.
Smh.
If you're moving in the summer let us help you find a place to live now!
Thanks so much to for having me on  everyone who tuned in to hear the new tracks!
Give light and people will find the way.
Ella Baker  lets shed some light today in the land of zombies make it a good one
Seriously  anyone else in Vegas tonight?
HMU LMK TTYL, etc.
i want a burrito salad
But it flew away from her reach...
il very Alfredo the place that fettucine alfredo was invented.
I'm gonna crawl in a hole and die..
hahahaahha omg!
yeah they're all my fans lol jk
I didn't know 106park was showin Chris and Nikki video today.
I'm glad I'm watching BET I can't wait Chris gone look so freaking sexy
yes it is
Only had to pay my sister w/a latte to get her to take notes  report back what her Baptist pastor says, if anything,re ssm this Sunday!
ha
Are you orange?
Get ready for Joel Bishop!
Ooooohhh!
I wanna have a baby with Sabrina so bad now!!!!!
3
It has been a pleasure.
Thank you, Baltimore!
follow me yo
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar last night!!!!!!
3 things a girl needs: love to make her weak, alcohol to make her strong, and best friends when both make her hit the floor.
So she hung up on me ..
Coo
The people at the bmv piss me off.
the music is great!
whats up on your end?
I spent 40 minutes walking.
166 calories burned.
I WILL BLOW SHIT UP IF YOU DO
I did not accomplish much.
Tomorrow will be better.
I just did not feel like doing much.
you guys deserved that win.
The conference tournament should be fun!
i would assume that you're the one with the shadow, although i generally have one too.
but i have the soul patch more often.
Some bunny loves you.
Get it?
lol
i can never take vampire shows seriously....i cant believe he was a vampirei cant believe my remote ran out of batteries  landed here
pee in a cup?!?
Ha!
I'm clean!!
I'll shit in that cup if they want me to
Come on Rickie!
the fact that i got 's ap lang book 
RT : No one stays.
Everyone will give up on you eventually.
Right on!
Thanks for the follow.
Go LAKings!
School tomorrow 
I can't believe I didn't see you there!
Last night at dinner, I passed Paul the flower arrangement instead of the wine bottle.
Something you shouldn't try: getting stung by a bee on your foot high
Yay!
I have five followers.
Time to go to sleep walk down by the bay.
I'll follow back everyone else in the morning.
Nightienight!
what are you talking about I'm right next to you ?
O.o
how are you watching it?
I was bummed not to find it on Netflix instant or Hulu when I checked a couple of months ago.
i want a guy who accepts the fact that im addicted to
Every night I wish for the same thing at 11:11.
a tweet from you 3 :
I hope it's one of those so the day can't get worse deals.
Also, that it really is just gum on my shoe.
I know who!
RT : Tyler, he doctornks coffee and does yoga.
I mean...how hott is that?
It's a different world.
Welcome home Larry!
Learning is the beginning of wealth.
Learning is the beginning of health.
Searching  learning is where the miracle process begins.
Jim Rohn
As interim basis, I can dig it.
I am worried about selling the program to recruits who have no idea who they will play for.
I must say that acting was good training for the political life that lay ahead of us.
Hey if anyone wants in FREE to our show December 10th at the black sheep with Maelstroms, Kodiak and Queen Anne's Revenge hit us up!
haha you're so right!
OMG ily , you should make another MEGAMOND.
and if you remember ...
no!
Jimmy protested Teehee :
Getting a haircut tomorrow and going to gym
taking a break at Tommy's Diner on West Broad.

1991 Mark Knopfler's Dire Straits reformed to tour for two years, they were booked to play 300 concerts.
songs Inc: Sultans of Swing 
REFERRAL PARTNER PROGRAM Participants can earn big bucks in our new Referral Partner Program
Pittsburgh timelines foreve exposing someone.
LADIES BE SAFE!!
RT : Congrats again to for moving onto round 2!
This orajel is mind blowing!
giggles
I wish I could be 2 places at once.
Having 2 compositions premiered in Montclair that evening!
yea  he was a jerk.
why are the Fins going for two?
I dont agree.
Kick the XP!
Using Migratr in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa.
Works well, preserves photo captainons, though not set captainons.
It's sad doctorving through downtown  seeing it like a ghosttown.
sxsw is about over
Nike factory/ store 3 I am so excited to go!
get me some  for muh birthday!
lmao red bottoms are becoming less classy.
Stupid
you're not, are you?
/3
songs.
;P
I'd love to know what innovations you remember most from your school.
Notech or lowtech or whatever...
soon as I pick it up
All Lucas does is shoot.
Headed back home!!
Except for the FTs, Asik was pretty amazing tonight.
Rebounds and altered shots.
No excuse for JL3he blew the game IMO.
OMG.
WHY ARE YOU HAPPY?!
Does the NBA/media really have to addoctorss this Amar'e incident??
Knicks weren't winning with him, they certainly aren't winning w/o him.
I want to fall asleep on the phone with someone.
Just completed a 10 minute survey for a local restaurant!
Does anyone else think surveys are getting more and more antiquated?
Great, thanks so much!
I have no power..
Hopefully it will be on within the next 6 days...
Happy my Ipod is charged time to bump some
Got a speeding ticket
I need a new phone....nao.
Go Bob Nagle  keeping on and keeping on  announcing ND Cal game
I feel like
Awww thanks!
Im glad you like my teamsk pic : I cant wait for the show either!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
Congrats Big Homie!
Been My Nigga Since The Flaget Days!
I'm Happy For You Family!
very excited to spend the weekend with my man and all my best friends celebrating birthday!!
Try telling that to Bob Carpenter!
LOL I like Zimmerman fine, until I have to listen to NATS broadcasts...and then eyeroll
you are NOT the father...
I love that
Sent you my email!
Looks like warmer weather is on the horizon!
: That's our story?
Ok cool!yessir lol
great.
Took a little while to get everything set up but so far so good.
And I really like the new area
: I get rammed down by car you cry tears of happiness.
Now I hope I was a bloody accident.
Of course!
He is my academic grandfather and will be remembered at the AAH this year!
Come to Chapel Hill...
When a teacher tweets his/her reach is global and the students feel their passion
: I'm gonna be a total buzz kill, but there are actually black bears in the Pinelands.
Bryzgalov doesn't know that.
You know you're getting old when Tony Gwynn, Tom Flash Gordon and Andy Van Slyke are watching their sons play in tonight's game
1/2way through Morning Glories Vol 2 This book is riveting!
Best read since Y the Last Man, shaping up 2B what Lost never was: a good story
discussion is interesting; i have plenty of thoughts on the matter; will wait, digest,  write something thoughtful soonish
struming my pain with his finger , singing my life with his words , killing me softly with his song , telling me whole life with his words.

Ill gladly let my guard down when people stop giving me reasons to keep it up.
writing new music and booking shows
I don't like Michele Bachmann's politics .
But I am offended by how the Newsweek cover portrays her.
Bad form Newsweek, unfair.
no!..its been too long..i need to laugh..
: Did you know that a med popcorn at RegalCinemas contains 1,200cal?
Neither do most moviegoers.
I knew..n enjoyed every moment :
this is the cold that wont quit.
Looks like we r instore for another beautiful day.
Hope u can get outside  enjoy it!
Seems like a Cherry Limeade day  Sonic
Catch us tomorrow from 12PM to 3PM !!
I had a nightmare that my red lipstick got on my costume!
you tweet too much you obviously don't understand the concept of twitter, go back to facebook.
Spending my Tuesday night with good friends, good food and the man who loves me!
Sunny sunny weather oh how lovely you are.....
But can I pls get some wind with this?
i have not!
link?
Please refer your followers to follow me ..
South Sudan: officially a country!
I have mine pierced.
I never wear it though.
Had a good work out with super tired but glad tomorrow i get to relax
BET.
I got special weapons.
never see them coming
what about what's happening in the Antigo School District because of your reforms, you Hack.
Closing schools, good work.
I like ombr hair...I just think black to blonde ombrs are blehhhhh....
haha me too!
It was fun :
back on twitter havent been on in months gonna go to south carolina

Ron Swanson is the new voice for Hagaan Daz.
YoureWelcome LOVE IT!
He's my favorite character on Parks  Rec.
Happy New Years Eve!!
Love you all!!
Ask: What is the thought that is making me feel stuck?
youreneverstuck Is it I hate job?
semester almost done, can't wait to see you!!!
What is your favorite quote?
Selfless life is a tough thing to accomplish...
Testing in my faith is unfun.
Your love is worth it Lord.
The magic hands again held this stock market is place all day until a rally could start.
Plunge protection team working overtime.
Thanks for the FF Beverly.
Have a great weekend.
the best feeling is when you look at him...
and he's already staring.
Happy 6th Birthday twitter !
work work work
Tim Cook: Let's talk about retail.
Me: Must we?
Pedicures with my momma 3
And we sleep well with the knowledge, that be this our final day, we'll say, we spent it with love not lost, and hatred unspoken
no swag
thanks Lauren!
I'll take this past year as a learning experience.
Time to grow up.
Loving my brothers show
last day locking myself in my apartment to study
Hey Artimus, Hope we can work together this year!!!Rock On!!
Welcome back then.
LETSGOLAKERS!
ICantStandPeople Who act like they're there for you
Every day, I wake up and home that will start tweeting again.
SATURDAY WILL BE HERE IN NO TIME.
Great, thanks!
If you missed the story, said they will post the link on their website by 7pm so stay tuned....We'll post it when it's available
Again with the icon?
You're killing me slowly, just so you know..
iJust love hair!!!!!
awww British slang!
Get pizza, it's not too greasy and you get load it up with veggies!!!
This seriously has all got to be a joke, I can't handle this anymore..
I cant see Packers putting tag on Flynn if means he will make more then ARod even with a trade.
Can't wait to go to Bed, Bath  Beyond after work!
No days off...
too many guys expect girls to have fat asses yet not enough of them have big dicks.
Landed!
Now, where can I get a good Philly cheesesteak?
Organizations need to be less like a machine and instead more open, trustworthy, generative, and courageous
That's very coincidental!
haha
What?
There's not even any snow on the ground there!
That doesn't even count!
Cleaning my new apartment in Florida while listening to Texas and Red Dirt country on Pandora...
I told myself, I says hey??
SELF said WHAT??
U forgot.
I forgot What !
:/ THAT U look like YOUR talking 2 YOURSELF
Many thanks for the follow!
yes ma'am!
sounds like a plan!
been recording for so long but thanks to my sister and dad that bother me every 5 seconds being bothered while recording is not fun
last week's thewalkingdead episode was amazing.
But this past week's episode?
phenomenal great writing/doctorma/emotion
Why hello, 20 lead!
mister Chimera if you nasty!!!
omg yes.
Dog the Bounty Hunter theme is crazy!
I love it.
dnt b surprised if a man in a red suit stuffs u in a bag; I told santa I want u for christmas; just thought of that now;l0l
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
good meeting with to come up with the initial slides for and more!
busy next few weeks :.
BeYou and nothing else.
Was watching 'Blink' late Saturday night when the power went out.
Nightmare material!
U SMILE..
I SMILE :
did mom say that?
Lol
Been painting the house.
4 days without working out.
TIME TO SWEAT!
Spurs and Thunder in 6 against both LA teams
I Give Divine Thanks For This Blessing, The Flower of Life.
Do you know what a Triptych is?
1 picture split up over 3 canvases CanvasPop has you covered!
50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
awww Cody angels would give up everything just so u could stay in Australia for a bit longer.
Perhaps the installation will finish soon?
Good morning!
Its game day!
Go Nuggs!
You know it RT : Oak Ridge is where it's at.
fuck i really just hit every school zone in town o.O
Watching my youngest at skating class.
He can go backwards!
I can barely move at all, unless you count falling on my ass.
To run or not to run, that is the question.
Great meeting with today.
Beautiful stuff.
We shoot our own videos, promote our own material and handle all the business...I AM HIP HOP 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C.
NowFollowing  : Follow Back!?..
Tshirt photos are great!
Love seeing all your fans in the shirts!
RT YumTurkey day!
Strangest Thanksgiving food going on board wins!
Tell us and use TravelocityTTF to enter.
are you trying to get your ass kicked..
You're in like 7th grade and you're talking shit to kids way older and bigger than you.
I'll never be obsessed over you after I saw that lil porno off you lmao stamp dat triff ass
Just read Rock On.
Probably not the target demo, but I dug it!
Curious about Ori/Jane and BAS.
A sequel?
AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO
thanks for the thoughtful tweet!
Greinke just mowing them down.
Just ate at The Counter for the first time.
It was heaven!
Focker OUT!!
Enough BullShitting for the day Dueces until next time when the world turns side eye with that slightly raised eyebrow
Chelsea Morgan Beauty: SUMMER SHOE SERIES: Shoes 3, 4 amp; 5 ...
Agreedwithout humor, the pain might be intolerable.
Then again, the electoral campaign of 1860 was pretty deplorable.
Thx!
RT Read Casenegra by , , and on Tennyson!
Already on the sequel.
6am is going to come quickly to those of you heading to for St.
Patty's day!
Stay safe tomorrow :
sorry.
i like the colors.
Don't quit when you're tired.....
Quit when you're done!!!!
Is it possible for a Smurf to hold its breath till its blue in the face ?
funny thing is, no one will eat it...just stare in awe each day...cracks me up!!!
haha..
yep!
i love the auto alarming mechanism!
All my projects in school this year have been centered around
YALL CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO RIGHT HERE CALLED OVER AND OVER
That awful noise it made.
That god awful noise.
LOL nice appropriately worded/spoken response given my use of the name Spaniard : Ur officially N the running 4 dinner w/that 1.
who is that?
Why don't you just like me, you dummy?
YouTube, Apps, doctorp Boxes, Laptops, and Social Media have all made learning easier...would you agree?
Females dont know what they want from 1 to 130.
Thats why I keep it light
I hope everyone shows their mom a good weekend; they deserve it!
Not much ., just trying to get Nickelodeon to hear me out ..same as always ..What about you?
I haven't taken my coat off all day so suck it
Great day at !
Had a great time, and my wife is looking forward to doing the run again next year!
if u pay attention were getting some of his guys from indy buy now were attractive
Igotthetweetslikegrassley I'm a sheep for Colbert.
my comic book nerd being very specific about which theater he has to see the avengers in.
I hope the media gives the studios 5th birthday proper love.
Thanks!
if you see me flag me while you're here RT : Loved your presentation...
Nicely done!
Go unicorns  ponies:
Where you at mister Aint heard no comments from you in 22 hrs.
lol Hope all is well
Congrats tiger on your win...
I'll be buying Your game TWG13 come tuesday  xboxlive it's been 2yrs to long...
In desperate need of some retail therapy.
Should I go shoes or clothes?
the only goals up are the side goals
Makeup cant look its best unless the skin underneath glows,Make sure you moisturize and exfoliate regularly so foundation glides on smoothly
: The average winery vineyard holding in BC is 29 acres BCWine BC Interesting.
I'm curious to know the ave price / acre.
Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back
Our 4th Annual Margarita Mixer is coming up on Sept 29 in Sorrento Valley.
DM me if you would like an invite!
jonathan cook when are you coming back to san antonio texas?
I'm crying
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point of stepping on the field
At post office to send something and there is no line
ah gotcha
.
there were great docents everywhere, and all the exhibits were so interactive and engaging!
I could go on and on!
Maybe after neither team made the playoffs we won't have to hear what football geniuses the Ryan brothers are.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
I've had it with these teachers on top too.
Like your gna sit down  babble about nothing for an hour tf I look like staying?
Bye.
Lmaoooo, you have road rage something serious!
RT : I cuss out everyone tryna make a left on a busy road
Suggestions on what a single mom can do on Mother's Day with her adorable 8yearold?
It's true that Westbrook has help from Durant on offense, but Bulls have better defense.
Do 4 games really matter that much?
good to hang with u at Crs mane.
Let's go workout and grab some lunch!
I'm a teevee addict ...
since I was a tiny tot :
oh and her and alex's gf sarah was tweeting about it..
Transparency Delivers You  Disarms The Enemy!
2 Corinthians 10:4!
Progressive Victory!
just devoured your book in 2 sittings!
Definitely a page flipper  an all around great read.
Much respect!!
send biz props to
when ur crushing u actually wanna go to skool lol
Stupid board of school adding an extra 30 min.
class that we do absolutely nothing in..
it's been a decade since grandpa died.
wearing an old sweatshirt of his and hanging out on rocky ridge golf course for him 3
I'm still really really REALLY sorry about the things I said..i didn't seriously mean them I wasn't thinking
so, you'll let me get my lip pierced when im 16, but getting a belly button ring at 17 is slutty?
So how many miles from SFO to Stanford?
Hmm '26' 
Hey everybody...Kelly from Cincinnati here
Gonzo RBI!
good way to start.
have you ever watched the show the oblongs ?
We have GWashington porcelain.
So does Soc.
of the Cincinnati.
See their 300pc svc free tomorrow, 7pm, 200 yrs of design, use  abuse
When I tell you to go away I reaaly want you to pull me closer
chicken adobo : photos looked amazing!
thanks for following.c;
just unclick the choice to make it your default page and to set as your search ...
energy club hits
Usually don't get so worked up by spammy sales emails but ValueLabs Inc really grinds my gears  so unprofessorssional and annoying!
Wow, just heard about the guy who assaulted the ladies at market optical  pikes.
Sounds scary!
Poor things.
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u??
U PICK THE BEST
its my little brothers birthday too!
And its birthday too!
Sweet!
I think that's a great idea.
We have some plans afoot that would mesh well with that.
Damn...
came strong...
Fun times at CHR
Back in Seattle!!!
Pizza and Tenuta San Guido!
Ah...
Ah, just filtered some noise.
Realized: too many tweets with links say not what I'm here for.
Prefer snippets of wisdom and the pith.
lol  spideysense RT : Pin doctorp uses what looks like SpideySense to id fraudulent phone calls based on the CEO's phd work
My opinion MJ hands down
Jacques LeBlanc I do not like this word bomb.
It is not a bomb it is a device which is exploding.
Been home for over a week and this is the first time I'm sleeping in my own bed, gotta say can't to wrong on the water bed
I don't understand this, you said you hated me and wanted nothing to do with me, but you are being nice and it's like nothing ever happened.
she was like a trophy bass I wasn't sure if I wanted to mount her or eat her
ThingsFakePeopleDo Say they love you when they really don't.
Spend 90 of money on beer and soccer!
The rest I just waste!
People will say that the Clemson game is a sign Clemson is disappointing, but I think it's more proof how unpredictable this Terps team is
Happy FF!
Thanks to our new  and loyal  fans!
10songsthatmotivateme Garbage  I'm Only Happy When It Rains, Breaking Benjamin  Diary of Jane
All of the actors/actresses acted, very well, in MY SUPER EXGIRLFRIEND.
The woman that starred as GGirl was super in her acting.
I could not agree more!
RT tuning into GLEE for the first time ever and LOVING it!
.
owned that challenge!
Fantastic
: Two very unGrace things today: taking care of a dog.
And I doctorve.
A car.
itsbeenover4years thingsyoudoforfriends
Congrats Jermane Paul!!!
Winner of The Voice!
MAN!
TRUST!!
That brother grinded and traveled the road!!
It's always AWESOME to one cut thru!
Today call me professorssor!
Teaching a class at CollegeoftheCanyons.
Semester begins!
none.
How is his fault hanley and coghlan cant hit a basketball if its thrown at them.
And not his fault jj got hurt
Hit a mailbox on my 1st doctorve yesterday lol
I've never been so happy or even just happy about a flyers win
I want to go to sleep and I can't
I don't even like dubstep much but like the first doctorp in xrated is mean...
Yum!
just git done with my meal Best thing I've ever eaten!
I could still hear the little birdies cry on my plate!
damn you got a banging body..
let me know if you still need a place to stay, I am trying to buckle down some weekend plans, but you are more than welcome
More fun with Google Ngrams: tramp, homeless, unemployed 18002008.
Surprised homeless so much more used than unemployed.
It's not the sum of what we happen to be, but what we yearn to become.
we are making origami at the table out of menus.
Stupid Pet Tricks on The Late Show With David Letterman is very entertaining to me.
Thanks for the mention!
Glad you liked the information about live Twitter chats.
Hope you are enjoying
So it seems that just as AVB goes, Terry gets his fitness back.
Oh what a coincidence.
i'm twitter bored :O
Commissioner Mintz with Mayor Bloomberg gives a shout to Beehive Tax Tool for free taxes for ppl earning under 57,000
ignore that!
i have to repost it hahaha
Let's have a great week!!
RT Guess what Facebook's COO checks first thing in the morning...
ar.gy/gU5.
Me too !
im just curious but are you in a relationship whats your status i am single just looking for some love
We can't wait, either.
Make sure to say hi.
remember last time i went 80 againt you, also im coming home this weekend
No one's covering my community so I will cover everyone else's community!!
Thanks for the share!
Were your matches as you expected, or did you find you learned something new?
RT : The Pirates have the same record as the Tigers
I was thinking of those deep late night convo's you get into : My mind always thinks of deep stuff before bed
pregaming starting this morning
Anyone have photos of the bank shutdowns?
I'm on deadlinelockdown for my upcoming schools story.
naeh12 Need better info and data  nat'l level to build public will to do s'thing about
There are so many rap battles on my flip cam.
I am in love with you bio 3 :
Women: All guys are the same!
Who asked you to try them all, whore?
Good Question !
I think if I were in there shoes, I would doctorp school and work fulltime with a Shark.
I was just telling my mom about our indoor skydiving jaunt.
I'm still so glad you  Felicia were up for adventure!
I shall, I shall...
now following
Attending a graduation....
1st to 2nd grade.
AllForTheHall2012 Congratulations on your invitation!!
Now it's time for
I see y they call him melo.
Marsh melo, he's cookie doe
I really hope you're watching
MustFollow Thanks for the RT's!!
I've noticed that every time I go to a concert the bands always pronounce SD san dieago
i want a job.
thanks for retweeting Martin.
Yay, we hit 1K Amber twitter followers!
Thank you everyone for your continued support, we are going on 6 Years this month!
magic, no just wrong place, wrong time
Thank you for all the positive feedback on The IP Rules.
There's still work to do but this is a fantastic start to a single set of rules.
Didn't you see latest tweet?
Found Moses in Nashville.
ur bday?
Great where u celebrating?
Out of the country?
Prob, not like there's nothing 4 u  ur so called president 2 do here
ManBearPig just walked out of the forest and fucked your shit.
I don't know why I love overhearing people talk about how shitty True Blood has gotten
Natgas trading legend Arnold retires, ending era
CT joins 16 other states  the District of Columbia in enacting legislation that makes marijuana legal for medical purposes
Awe : it's ok Howdy cried today during band
i know i saw!
its awesome!
im not even advertising it lol i wana win so bad!
hold on to your 4D translation matrices, its all a relativistic transformation baby
Let's try this again
Whats a good name for my rocket?
I need ideas now.
Next show: Friday 2/11 9pm at the Wine Cellar, 1101 St.
Gregory St.,
hegreaterthani was taken so u just replaced the a with an e HEi
is at the parade?
MT Favorite Tshirt : I'm Irish but don't dare try and kiss me
Indeed!
Though my greens are so comfy, I might wear them for a day at home too!
One day we'll match,  reality will explode.
don't worry.
The Good Son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood was the 1 movie on this day in 1993.
Creepy.
Congrats to my hubby for officially becoming a licensed professorssional counselor!
Glad you like it.
Now that I have the basics down, I'm branching out.
Baked potatoonion bread yesterday.
good thanks and u
will do!
Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus  let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
Omg ugh i needa get this baby outta me !
you better.
: missyou!
awh, thanks girl !
It's a lot prettier in person !
Ever had a roommate that you just couldn't get rid of?
Stay tuned for next week's AVbyte!
Watching Greys Anatomy
C'est Parfait!
RT is perfect for Easter cocktails!
We like it paired with champagne for a festive feel
Is it Mojito time????
No its Giant Mojito time!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
If you're trying to come up in the rap game, at least do some research before you pick an alias...
Portlander tells coworkers he doesn't believe in the materialism of Xmas, but in his head he's hoping his parents got new boots.
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY BE FOLLOWING US AND NOT FOLLOWING THE BOSS
I'm a daddy!!!
I'm gonna hit you guys up today
RT : Wanted: People who like to explore Google Search by Country.
Is that you?
WisconsinBound!
Looking fwd to meeting w/ digital marketing team, plus a reunion w/ an old friend.
You're super hot , fire hot , something like the sun in the sky 33333
just don't come home orange please.
Kthxbai
That's what VPNs are for!
:
RT Happy Monday everyone.
Let's all go out there today and pretend it is not Monday.
not easy to do!
WOW.
Hope that last mom put some money away for therapy.
Yikes.
The Cat With a Gat
debut alert: THE BIRD SISTERS by Rebecca Rasmussen  looks to have a lot of book club potential: 1947, Wisconsin, spinsters!
Anniversary Number Two!
Come to S'pore plzsince I'll live here for more than 4 years and if u dont come, I would be bored...
Love ya!!
Ughh!!
Since when does hiccups hurt?!...and the hold your breath method doesn't work anymore..
Gray day blues.
Remedy  gray day dog from
listening to the game in class on my phone
Chips are the most annoying food there is!!!!!!
.
snapped a few pics of me lookin' all nice, so I have something for my bio page.
Did I pose for them?
HELL.
YES.
Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is he who takes refuge in him.
Up in Legend Studios with and the homie cameras on deck
damn i wish u would txt me
I love that's song, a lot of ppl don't understand what he's talkin about.
Most Kings
you might try asking about the Morrison's westbound status.
I believe it's their bailiwick.
I love thunderstorms!
It was the Joseph Carwise Minority Achievement Award.
I'm not sure what 2 say 2 Nana now bc the teacher made another comment.
There is a bug in the device detection.
I see the mobile tweet on my desktop.
Wow now I know who I can and can not trust!
Fake friend much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Loyd Wright
Sorry for confusion but FB does not delete old pages.......
Unlike first one, Like the correct and I'll return favor!!
With films like Tron, Eat Pray Love, and No Strings Attached, Bridges, Bardem, and Portman deserve the Oscars they are going to win.
cutting myself off from twitter early tonight!
Heterosexuality.
MT : Barbershop Banter  Film Friday  What's the worst Tom Cruise role?
no but i dont wanna be groped ethier
RT : Why is an eight year old talking to me about ' the force'?
cause he's a Jedi Knight, duh...
I guess ill doctorve the range today 
FYI today is National Grilled Cheese Day,
Hey spikey3 Wish me luck on my soccer playoffs tonight?:
Someone will step up.
thanks hottie can't wait till you are an addict also.
Have fun with the
i remember.
tyler was happy for the days off.
haha
D3 extends good luck wishes today to cands: K.W., K.L., D.R.
M.H.
Also, a sincere congrats to J.O.
on an outstanding offer.
One  done!
Congratulations to the Boston startups pitching at Demo Day today.
We'll see you at the various celebrations!
Chicago  friends  Harry  books  precious baby niece  I'm in!
I can't wait for Robert Caro's next LBJ book: Part Five: The Early Years.
Follow Seriously.
Now.
I keep having this doctoram that every time I go some where someone breaks into my car Oo....I wonder what that's about?!
Please tell me I will see that on Instagram.
AND IT GOT RENEWED!
COMMUNITY FOREVER
There's lots of interest in it!
Excited for them.
I'm going to keep everyone posted on the launch party!
You want a twix bar ya fatass?
Hey, do you know Bright Lights  Bruises, an album by Jay Malinowski?
If not, I think you will LOVE it...
The BFDailyWord is  pippin  1.
a crisp tart apple with yellow skin  2.
a highly admired or admirable person or thing
what's up man.
When are y'all sending those records over?
i realli wanted 2 tell u....
u look an awful lot like debbie 2nite :
Happy patty day bmore
That's the thing about Chastain concert season n ATL, those everlooming, unpredictable thunderstorms.
What's good man?
ADD ME ON CP!!!!!!!!!!
MY NAME IS DSkater98
Who's had a patent experience with a Baltimorebased lawyer?
Msg us or email us patentsstartupbaltimore.org
You can always borrow mine...
Source Studio's status: If I hear a negative story I say  It may be true for them, but it is not true for me.
Great job we all thank you for keeping on it.
Wake up Macon.
Ya boy is on Pio Nono.
Playing the Tap Room in the Langham hotel tnite, trio, 69, Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle!
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 25
Is this Hollywood's equivalent to You're not a great writer until you get hate mail?
OK, unlikely.
I'm so sick of this phone!!
Lance Louis was fine at right tackle.
75 of the late season sacks were on Hanie/McCown.
Finally saw Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Excellent film!
The acting, writing, originality....brilliant!
What did you think?
4am Dunkin Donuts for some bacon egg and cheese wraps!
SUCCESS COMES TO THOSE WHO BECOME SUCCESS CONSCIOUS.
FAILURE COMES TO THOSE WHO INDIFFERENTLY ALLOW THEMSELVES TO BECOME FAILURE CONSCIOUS.
I did not mean to retweet that hahaha and I was confused at first..but I get it now:
next time if no quote, quote the emoticon.
: re: story
does the COY get his star player hurt in the closing minutes of a blowout?
going to make it a 1 year commitment but if it seems to generate enough interest and I have the time, I can keep it going
Ah yea!
Anna's the best!
Thanks for the follow!
3
let's do some musical fusion!
feat.
JB plzzz can u follow me?????
but I haven't been proved wrong yet!
I taped on the window and my dog looked in the sky lmao
I'm feeling the Texas Rangers Throwback Uniforms.Gotta cop me one of those...
because you would have taken it personally and get mad ..
since your sensitive .
We're at the Outdoor Retailer show in SLC.
Brrrrr!
We need to swing by more hat and scarf booths...
They must be saying Boourns.
Hi Sarah!
The Girl Scout interview was for Crain's Chicago Business, so prob.
not as local as ud like.
The stories are so fun!
Shit was all good jus a week ago...
Maybe it will take my mind off of this
Met with and I'm SUPER EXCITED to try ultra and the Aria WiFi scale this month!
that's so rad thanks man!
This is Sleepless in Seattle all over again!
You have such great quotes!
SAMETHING IM SAYING...
Lol because if Marilyn Monroe and Madonna rocked it, I sure as hell can try :3
any tips on twitter or facebook will be posted ASAP!
Defense wins championships, huh?
brewers Loved seeing Robin Yount doing the beast mode.
What a fun theme that has really taken off and become its own marketing machine
making pizza :
www.eqlrecords.com
the devil is a lie!!hey girl!
No, at least not now.
It's crazy pants out here.
Crazier crazy pants.
If anyone else was leading they would have
i call all my friends DoucheCanoes :
everybody you shake up with ain't ya friend
like Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson.
You are a two sport athlete after your one day contract with the Colorado Kings.
Playing the new Walter's tnite w/ Party
I could really care less what yall think of me, Yall could really care less what I think of you, okay then, shut up n do what ya suppose to'
Hello again, Tweetdeck.
how about if i just ease in with the instrumentals?
no burl ives i promise
twitter, follow here with me,
RT Amazingly white house spokesman used terrorism to describe worrying about Americans, he word has been banned for describing foreigners
Rosters looking solid this year, keep working man i still got faith in u guys
What Is love ?
Baby don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me.
No more
Currently writing our St.
Patrick's Day coverage.
Are you guys doing anything to celebrate the holiday?
If you talk, look, and speak like a hoe, you will be treated like a hoe
Myla had a check in with the eye doctor  what ROP?
Her eyes looked perfect.
And she said I can see you mommy!
brought my whole candy bag to school ;
boy i love, boy i love u 3 Legit ; bahahah
Dont Leave!!!
I havent even got the chance to meet you and Yet : and I live in San Antonio.
You just did.
I will PM you.
Mark, how did you get your mom down there?
You are going to make her miss CBS Sunday Morning!
Mid Day Sex Is Cool
Thank you for the mentions!
Who wants to hire me?
And the Senior Cat, feeling left out, is attempting to send his own tweet by walking across the keyboard.
Soon he'll want his own account.
heh, it sure is!
Is there a good craft beer scene in Nairobi?
A5 most important aspect of branding...WOW, 64,000 question here...twopart answer
thank you for the mention!
:
can you tell that I love him and he's my inspiration?:
yeah man i told u i was leaving at 6 am
thank you so much for being such an inspiring person.
i love you so much
RT : Mom, sorry about my huge head and broad shoulders.
via
NBA Playoffs are right around the corner!!!!!
I knew you were sarcastic.
But it seems to benefit us, provided there's a deal with Oswalt.
A good bat for an over performing P.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods.
God doesn't give u the people u want, he gives u the people u need.
To help u, hurt u, love you  make u the person u were meant to be.
Are you a fan of pet insurance?
legit dude have never seen other players wait and come out onto the green!
newschool pga watch out !
i dont know what planet are u from but i know u r amazing!
superluv u!!!!
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute 3 lol :
COD in 3 hours....be there
acc.
it's hard to teach problem solving and decision making skills to people who are hired.
they should come with that

APRO.PK  Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait...
Do you already have the World Pinball Championships?
nrb12 evangelism by daily spiritual growth not by making a decision
And now it's snowing.
A lot.
you look stunning!
: love you :
I hate that!
RT: My TL Not Loading
RT : von Grey is what happens when you take talented, classically trained string musicians and let them loose to explore new...
lol I didnt know u have a twitter either
walkingdead all day
2 years or more
It's new phone day for me!
see you soon
Bob Marley said 'It's a foolish dog who barks at the flying bird'.
It is also a foolish man who sells his life to an employer for a pittance
Oh I have, but still love watching the commercial.
The fake laughing gets me every time!
Hey you!!
Keep being YOU.
Then those who r meant to be in ur life can see and recognize YOU.
;
guess that means that my strategy is already a colossal failure :
RT : All you need to know this am from : In GOP campaign in search of clarity, Super Tues didn't produce any....
Ham  pineapple pizza:
As of yesterday I am a member of the Nashville Soul Choir!
Will be posting all shows on this page!!
a kosher question: using a dairy knife, ive sliced myself twice accidentally...
am i parve or do i need to bury the knife to kosher it?
Depends on how hot the skillet is!!
How long do roaches live?
Have I had too much coffee?
was the second question I asked myself.
The first, of course, was, How long have I been beatboxing?
so are mine
What is the book in question?
Now I'm curious.
Would anybody be mad if I replied to all your text in spanish
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
Werner Erhard
thanks for the RT!
15peopleilove MY Family :
Who are Whitney kids?
If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes longer is never.
Honore
long time no talk :
UNC Basketball: No UNCKentucky Game On Schedule  Keeping It Heel
did you make those?
Between O's Opening Day and the Masters, getting work done today will be a challenge!
is back in game.
Looks not as bad as thought.
Thoughts of Pierce in NBA Finals in NBA!
If only you knew how hard it is for me not to trust you.
I just can't be disappointed again..
Heya Chip where ya at??
I'm here with some out if towners!
They already plowed through our growlers of devils and 12 daze!
wow unbelievable
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : Happy FF to everyone!!
Listen to me when I say I love you.
But look into my eyes and realise that I really do mean it.
ok, still not sure if a young man in nyc or dc was in fact killed over the concords, but unfortunately it is possible  likely.
SATURDAY: Courtney Hardin, mezzo soprano, performs at 3PM in SBCH.
Public is invited  admission is free.
music.uark.edu
his excuse is always a song girl just ignore it like the rest of the normal ppl
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your doctorams.
Just got the worst news..
my massage therapist is moving.
what if u only like like one kid?
Lol
I am convinced that life in a physical body is meant to be an ecstatic experience.
Shakti Gawain
Hey : a follow from you would mean a lot to me : I LOVE YOU.
:DD
HAPPY BITRHDAY TO MY LOVE, 3
Some days, doesn't everyone on the bus look like they came straight out of central casting for a Fellini movie?
In honor of Lincoln Day, the Idaho Senate just offered up a long prayer that would have been anathema to Lincoln.
don't make me come kick your ass :
I love you, even if i stay off twitter for a while I will never leave you .
Question girls: would u date a guy who lives with his parents or a guy with crooked teeth??
funny lill mistake..
i thought it was hilarious..
i been emitting mad energy..
the universe responses!
I found out today that you're coming on the senior high mission trip!!
I don't know if you can handle us though...
Haha
Point is daddy bloggers' growing influence could help the whole country get real about babies.
Be sure to follow Chat for some terrific CommonCore resources...and if you're sharing them, add it to your tweets!
asap rocky and Kendoctorck lamar on repeat playing all night long...
I need that!
your welcome!
Its Cinco De Mayo, this weekend!!!!
Lets PARTY likes its 1999!!!!!!
you know when im so exhausted when im so tired i cant even work out
Fuck it .
.
Ima just be late today !
is thinking about how doctorw is making our twitter look ugly!
eugene
I'm still pretty annoyed I have a final exam on the 12.
A Saturday.
Britney Spears dance party going on in my house.
Nothing happens by itself.
It'll all come ur way, once U understand that U have 2 make it come ur way, by ur own efforts.
I feel like Everyone should find someone to have sex with tonight...
Just because it's saturday
no and I bet you that Im gonna get most attitude in volleyball lol
where am I heading tmorrw?
Soccer game at niu...
field on campus?
lol you know why
Katherine is goreous!
She's 1 of the best this season too!
up early today need to do some recording
Construction begins on new scoreboard for the Chiefs
3WordsOfAdvice avoid Taco bell
Haven't been back since my internship in 2003.
Sigh RT I can certainly agree with that thought!
I love WDW.
Hitting up the gym!
What's another word for thesaurus?
High Speed Internet gives you a window from 8am to 11pm for a repairman service visit.
8:21pm...
I don't think I want anyone
Just bought chocolates from The Chocolate Fox at Hub.
SO excited.
Very happy to have just discovered photojournalism magazine.
This one damn fine publication!
haha yea I can see that :
I guess you aren't following me on Twitter anymore either...
:
And cue Morgan freeman....
I mean Bishop Steib
Is it possible to break every single toebreak a rib?
I've got moves like Jagger.
No seriously, he's like 100  I can't even move.
Sounds like the plot to doctoram House!
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have.
yuss it's like bill and Ted all over again
How was the tweetup?
Any talk of when we'll have another?
So bummed to have missed it today, darn meetings over lunch
I was wrong about the heavenbacononion thing.
Heaven smells like hokey pokey made with honey.
Anything gained through deceit is the same as taking the wind.
hallelujah!
social media trending towards social engagement with institutions NOT broadcasting upcoming events
think their attack would be better if they went 433
KD makes it look easy.
Played over ten Awesomenauts matches, won every one.
Safe to say MOBA and XBLA audience only minimally overlaps?
who is your stylist?
You look amazing!
RT : Spend the last of your Spring Break locally!
sign up for
Great audience question....At what point do companies accumulate so much information that they become creepy?
glad you all had fun in Miami!!
hope all is well :.
if he comes by during office hours you're required to send him upstairs to check in with me first.
hey.
i didn't know you were on here.
cool!
Anybody try out any interesting flavor combos recently?
Just tried pickled mango habanero juice, it was delicious.
need to pay the cable bill ;
yeah I'm confused..:O
Harry be creepin' :O
Same!
Obsessed with vmk!
: I just realized I have so much to catch up on.
soexcited
wonderful!
And I need ur email 2 send u some info!
Please DM us, thanks xx
RT : May the Fourth be with you!
starbucks ..check head dowtown to get my phone serviced again hey wait this is a new phone only 2days old..
grrrrrr
Had a slice of Milwaukee.
Very good!
I wish would sit next to me forever
What I missed about mexico is the hard ass beds ha : family time
ok,ok...instead of broouuuhaha, that was a.
Bwaaaaaaahahahahahaha!!!!!!
We should plan something!
:o
I heart you and your sneaky snake.
congrats on COMMUNITY.
The Best is Yet to Come!
emphasis on the COME.
love you!
nowplaying the clash
Are you looking for internet job to earn money at home, follow to know tweets about online earn money programs.
Bad Girls Club is on tonight!
;
Needless to say I won't be attending this function.
I generate enough awkward moments of my own; not soliciting opportunities to increase.
Confession: commitments stretched time  I didn't ride the bike this AM.
And I was really bummed!!
Back in the saddle tomorrow.
Its was because of rondo
I love you3
Nani and Valencia are decent but they have had to rely on old man Scholes to even stay with the pace.
Any cash there?
Tammy Baldwin is a communist.
Keith Ellison is a communist.
Judy Chu is a communist.
'Listen, I fucked up a lot of gigs bigger than this.'
Watching The Real Housewives of Orange County with Viggle Tue  20  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Then go ta sleep :
RT : A woman's work is never done.
prediction from my fortune cookie: a special person is excited to receive your comfort today hmm interesting lol
Is today over yet?
no i won't.
I will always remember it.
I'm obsessed with celery and peanut butter.
why do i over think everything?
Then I'll move to remove all management including the incompetent CEO.
Facebook needs Steven Ballmer or Jamie Dimon
yes, i noticed and was SMH!!
MNF a shadow of its old self.
Its irrelevant
Axis wins an Hermes Creative Award for our work on web video
Imma nice guy but I never finish last in nothing in my life, true over achiever
This.
RT : I love how Adele is so awesome and doesn't have to wear a meat doctorss or have blue hair.
We don't even care, whether or not we care.
Morla the Ancient One
Getting some doctorving practice with my sisters!
We're STILL teaching them.
Heck, I'm in DC right NOW w/ the A.C.H.E.
Campaign
Hey, I just met you.
And this is crazy.
But here's my number, so call me maybe?
hi lil baby!
No set plans, too many things to choose from!
U?
ha!
No kidding!
He has some chops, but he seems to believe his own press backgrounders.
It's National Arbor Day!
Do your part by planting a tree and protecting our environment!
ikr!
it makes me laugh though.
like the tent in his living room.
Please read it can save your life
got ya.
Name the famous movie with pizza in the title who will tweet us the answer first??
Yay I'm excited
No sex intake!
RT : I'm getting skinny lol wtf is going on
We are still alive.
I wanted him to feel included!
your kids are going to love it!
Good luck and tweet if you need help
Smithsonian fair today then writing time, before heading out tonight w a friend.
Just got back from talent show!
was so fun: ahh 3
i know that
When will people ever understand that it's not what you say it's how you say it!
It's going to be a hot weekend.
Why not make it hotter by checking out some Oregon Motorcycle Road Racing at PIR!!!
Smoken on that carrot cake ayyyee !!!!!
RT : : Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????/my kush smoke
these guys are done in LA...Buahahaha
dislikes grandma?
RT : My grandmother...asked when she can come visit me in DC.
I said inauguration of
very well and yourself?
Tomorrow..
My house for the clippers game?!
My neighbor can't seem to be still, up and down the stairs, man sit your behind down bro..
Deep breath, Jackie.
Deep breath.
Fun night at Revolution with the !
Nice!
RT : MathMonday The best angle from which to approach any problem is the tryangle.
Just got done with dance class: Boas?
Check.
High Heels?
Check.
Show?
March 30th  Pioneer Underground!
Hate it when workingout wires me.
Must sleep!
Your face.
I like that.
hehehee hi, I legit starting laughing lol
just signed up for a summer class.
The way that some of our men hate our empowerment is disturbing.
well goodnight
When you get back!
That's fine!
hey, at least thats better than what i could come up with oO
Wednesday's move is the Island Cafe!!
Georgia Ave.
NW D.C.
JuniorFattz and Phantom Performing!
Happy to announce to support multimedia publishing with Cambridge Journals Online!
you really should give me a henna tattoo!
give me a sleeve , haha ;D3 3 xoxo
At MSG watchin the bull riding no bull!!
If you find one let me know where it's at.
yea me too
RT : Congratulations You've won two tickets for you and your mom to see Brian Blade on June 22!
You're a good...
Thanks for the follow, Lesley.
Have a super afternoon.
Happy Friday!
Upcoming weekend storm to bring rain, turning to light snow.
This storm will be similar to Christmas storm around immediate parts.
Stuffing my face with Indian food.
So good.
RT : Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas ..
STOP ..
Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices doctorp!
Um sir, you need to visit...And SOON!
The event will feature workshops, panels, keynote addoctorsses from Will Allen of Growing Power, Inc.
and Chef Ann Cooper, and more
Life is short!
Live life but don't let life live you.
agree...I think part of it is in the approach though, and understanding what is being said
So, on Law and Order, they give ppl coffee during interrogations.
Bad strategy.
Give me a few gin/tonics and I'll spill my guts.
thank you buck I love you I'm freaking out right now like.
Hysterical crying
Way to go !
Nice win!
FindingYourRoots PT.
1, is an amazing contrast between the family histories of 
It's been over 3 years since the launch of MLB Network.
Shouldn't you have switched providers by now?
Seriously?
No, I really mean it.
Like, seriously?
Ok.
ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup tweet about the breakup
Those last two tweets kind of contradict each other!
RT : Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Yoga...
very sore.
Damn planks.
Thank you!!
So sweet  you've both made my day!
Bifurcating your Twitter experience?
Good idea.
Congrats on all of y'all's progress of late!
We'll be performing live Feb 17 at The Press Room don't miss it and support local bands
Thanks for following us!
Make sure you like our Facebook Page too and enter our giveaways!!!
As it turns out, my side was just something muscular and they are treating my cold as a sinus infection just in case.
Guy tries to sell me magazines claiming it creates jobs, you know it works when next year there's more of us.
calling cops.
lol how can we road trip to Ireland ?
Haha or the Bahamas ?
Lol
so do i its my favorite..
I think he prefers me as appointment keeper.
But yes that sounds great.
Rides appreciated if you want!
Bitch u laying in a cum spot!
about to skype with It just isn't the same as in person
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
been alright...u?
Yes and I hope to get a chance to come and visit you guys.
Give me some Arma 3 now!
If I hadn't blown my back out in high school I'd be as good as Ty Lawson
Thanks to my good friend for introducing me to the awesomeness of
WorstPickUpLine wassup i love 106 and park its the hottest show on BET
Stand'g n line for the Gary Oldman's Q  A 
car washes freak me out.
ever since I was little they've scared me.
plus I've seen to many movies..
RT if you follow me !
:
You will seeing me and at Rockettown on Friday
We just hit the 2,500 mark in followers.
Thanks Sports Fans!
awesome, can't wait..
please can u please please please follow me?
: Thanks for the badass RT!
Hope you have a great week.
smh HOW DO U SOUND..no bish it was no if mi hair gets wet lik it did then the curls fall an mi hair lik most get poofy
Which is worsewar, famine, betrayal, hopelessness, injustice, or losing a big sneeze?
Out shopping this morning?
We've got FREE doctornks from at from 57a.
We are in front of Van Maur!
Food trucks are busy in downtown Minneapolis.
One popular truck sold out of food and had to close early more on that at 3:03 on WCCO Radio.
This damn dog is aggravating as fck.
I wanna tear out her vocals cords.
All that damn barking n carrying on.
Instead of the MB parlor game, first consider administering a test for psychotic disorders.
I get tired of deciding if it's worth all the trouble in the end.
Like how much crap do I have to go through before it's worth it.
Just bought Animal, Vegetable Miracle by Barbara Kingsolver.
I'm three weeks behind on my bookaweek plan, but I'ma catch up soon!
Already completed our first job: we will separate the items at the EnviroLink office.
Now a customer ordered a dumpster swap!
And I'm flying so high...high off the ground, when you're around.
Touchdown Austin
People that can't be bothered to say hello really burn my toast.
In the immortal words of misterPatrick Swayze, Be nice.
Hate when she does this ....
My only wish for THENEWS is that the crowd were as impolite as the piece.
It deserves a packed, diverse, raucous and pissed off house.
I'll doctorp you like a bad habit
Save the date  PreConference Mixer  September 9, 2010
OMG its long.
RT : I've said for years that, if Jesus comes back to Earth, it'll be during a show.// you sir, are a prophet.
It's over and done with .
Just go away .
lmao this is true
It's the Opening Day of 2011!
Tonight: NATURAL SELECTION, GNARR and MY WEDDING AND OTHER SECRETS!
Please let us know what problem you are having with saving binders.
we are fired up and ready to go?
Talked about rocket launches, Soyuz capsules,  space with some of my flag football teammates last night.
Love educating non
This guy keeps making my day more  more.
.
Been faded to long
Here's how next year's super bowl can be better: Halftime show  not autotuned.
Announcers' broadcast  exclusively autotuned.
Well you probably don't need it lol.
You are tan,unlike this white girl lol
lol yeah, I would.
I doctoramed the nude FrenchCanadian Women's Army was invading and I was more than ready to surrender.
Here's to eating before bed.
I really think that before ppl have kids they should be test for the dumb ass gene prime exm my cousin lol
shoot I'm a great doctorver
usually i'm not on the stripper eager for attention side but good for her.
I mean c'mon Hef grow up ya old dirtybastard
The internetofthings is trending in my office today.
So, some days...the gym feels so far away.
Today was one of those days when it just didn't happen.
Tomorrow is another day, indeed.
and water:
OKC turns the ball over too much to win a championship!
Nonstop until Friday
Matt Bomer is gay?
Damn, I was thisclose to having him all to myself!
Seriously, glad he's comfortable sharing his family  life.
a relationship is only for two, but some bitches don't know how to count
Life is bigger than Indiana..
.
I just love Jordan Witzigreuter so much, okay?
askvinny If you could meet any celebrity who would it be and why?
:
Kevin Carey of Education Sector to speak at CHEA Annual Conf.
and Intl.
Seminar.
See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Totally...I mean, it worked out for Macaulay Culkin in Home Alone, right?
haha you may still have to do that
Okay, this wireless signal's getting weaker by the nanosecond.
Might as well be on dialup...via tincans and string!
See ya!
That I can get behind wholeheartedly
: Man, I've been eating nothing but fucking junk food these past few days!
......
slow down hun ...:
Thanks for sharing!
You love it.
Good practice pitch for the first time since I was in little league and had fun in our inner squad game
EQ presents ZOOGMA and SILO EFFECT at Canal Club tonight, doors  9pm
That's the 1st a doctorver has stopped to let me X 7th.
It's the law, but I would rather they wouldn't.
2much traffic.
False sense of safety.
sorry to hear abt Princeton!
Hope you land something better.
Bulbstorm has had social superpowers since 2008.
I guess that makes us a social Marvel.
Hey white liar...the truth comes out a little at a time  
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being
haha that I do, prolly going to that coffee shop I like with some friends today :P
Thanks for the early
my test?
Yah man.
Dude ima try to land a nollie and maybe try doing a nollie kick
rewatched Youngblood.
Amen to you and Peter Zezel.
My memory serves me correct.
Thank you.
Spending the last week using only my tablet has led me to the conclusion that I actively hate my desktop.
Here39;s Why Google and Facebook Might Completely Disappear in the Next 5 Years
247 Single Downloads 108 Album Downloads Not bad for 48 hours!
Let's keep it coming!
Thanku 2 all my fans and supporters
SHOUTOUT TOO and for all their accomplishments.
Glad to say I'm definitely a BIG fan.
: Super tired movie night!
It's a Howl kinda night!
Alpha Donuts is a little diner in my neighborhood.
It seats about 17.
There are around 50 people in here now, reading poems in turn.
u must have seen 2012!!
yeah right!
lol we were both very engaged in the conversation
already!
Look forward every week!
Nice to see the Redbirds retire The Genius' No.
10...
equally nice to see that LaRussa and Eckersley still have uniformly brown hair lol
Everyone wants to get paid but they are lazy and want shit handed to them.
a pleasure Cerris!
Available now at Lottie's: Arcadia Publishing's pictorial history of the Rainier Valley.
Amazing images.
Happy Thanksgiving to all from DLG Engineering!
Enjoy and be safe!
Construction started on 717K homes in April  via
Oh hi knoxville.
Back to the cold weather
So am I.
I need some sun in my life lol.
Can't wait :
Dear Cupid, Please work on your aim.
Sincerely, still single
Does your laptop computer get so hot that you can't set it in your lap?
Is it slow but not infected?
Get it cleaned today.
Runs faster!
,
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
oh shoot LMAO
All you need is love.
I heard the just won.
Wasn't watching the game.
jus like natural beauty is da best beauty....
Natural booty is da best booty!!!!!!
I love the right wing trolls that go after family's fighting foreclosure.
sitting in CCM by Baur Room.
no grilled cheese to be found anywhere.
sad panda.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
I am not a fan of Lugo...
But I think you forget just how bad Yuni was.
I rather have good defense and no bat than no defense
Thanks for the follow back!
From no need to try to one up another's content if there's already great stuff out there about your school
I didn't get to celebrate today!
I will tomorrow with pb  banana
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Unknown Author
Coffee Black, greatest ABA player of all time
Great choice for outdoor furniture RT : Teak can age for years and restored in hours
I love SkypeSunday and
Posting more fine art soon!
Show?
Leisure?
ouch, that sucks or very funny depending on how you look at it
SOTD is Just Barely Breathing by Killswitch Engage.
thank you all for following im so happy
got u!
On a flight to Barcelona.
Got a row of 4 seats to myself.
Happy.
No way...seriously dont thanks me..its the less thing I can do
Q3: everyday but can vote 3 times:
Didn't he used to blog at the star?
: Yunno who's birthday it is today?
Gooch at  happy birthday sir.
Wasabi promotes tear production!
TFOS lunch  we're crying!
Celebrating my lil brothers birthday at gattitown :
Thank you, Fashion Week, for bringing so many gorgeous model boys into my daily routine for the next 6 days!
I groooowwww it longer before I cut it shorter :3
RIP Mike Wallace ...
Text SPEEdoctorCER to 87654 to win FREE stuff!
Guess what!
I hit SUBWAY for the buy one get one free deal and took care of breakfast and lunch.
I feel productive already.
Bam!
Did you read the article?
She suffers from mental illness.
I am an inept consumer
Bright lime green is our color next to pink.
And black, of course.
And the world could use more bows.
Last year and going into this year I really didn't miss a pair of kicks.
I was really on my shit but ive missed several lately.
I just got another fake DMCA this time for a photo I took with my own cell phone.
Some people enjoy wasting my time...
Love that I work in a place where reference specialist bakes 1940s raisin cake in celebration of the upcoming release of the 1940 Census.
Apparently it's National Brownie Day on your birthday!
You are obligated / encouraged to indulge!
via
Looks like we just found someone to handle the Vegas bookings and venues
idol  Elise made a great song choice.
The performance was so cool and just dead on.
Can you DM me it i wanna read it to?
Me: there's a new Batman trailer.
Roommate: move it I'm going to see Batman.
Lol.
Why is so darn adorable?
Iced coffee is helping.
toomuchwhiskey how are you recovering?
Utmost respect to for their efforts today.
I don't think most people understand the huge amount of work they put in today
where do you live?
glad u got to meet him lucky duck did he do his concert yet or no?
there and everywhere else!
you said loose
I will do no such thing.
hope you had a good Mom's Day RT : GM, all!
Wish you a productive, gr8 week.
Thanks for the info!

growth, opportunity,access!
shareyourdoctorams
I honestly cannot remember a Super Bowl I cared about less than I do this one.
I go down deep no throat out der in the streets no coat
George Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder in death of
haha.
All good.
WorstBreakUpExcusesur sex is horrible so b4 i cheat on yu i think i shud jus leave yu
RT : Looking forward to blogging more for Culture section.
A great platform to doctorw attention to amazing DH work.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU!
SaySomething TRENDING WORLDWIDE!
YEE !
3
Is there such a thing as bad santa porn?
if religions get to make up their kind of angels so do I and I want porn angels.
Or maybe I AM an angel in the terner religion
how long is the Coxs Smokers jingle gonna be stuck in your head?
here's to the good life
aren't the 66 gators gonna go to the gator bowl?
Meeechigan would smoke us
The Hidden Risks in This Heavily Promoted Seasonal Routine...www.mercola.com
your back in Mi already?
There is no better cure to a long day than doctorving home from practice singing country music as loud as you can.
Bro, help me out with this new girl.....
:/
Definitely the wiener tee.
I took a fire nap now I'm ready for the world
Props to Kevin Bourque for singing during his paper on 18C celebrity.
Very entertaining presentation.
I was talking more specific...
I'm shocked you're not!
Thank you!!
Really excited for the blessing and the journey
Libya approves Islamic banking law official
Time for another catch up call.
I am in S.F.
till Monday.
Lots of pancakes on the griddle.
Love to hear your update
Our Teas in a Life class is wed Sept 1st!!
You wont wanna miss this one!
Call to reserve a spot!
wordoftheday Nestor a wise old man.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
concert in PDX 2morow night!
2 tickets  back stage passes will be given to the one who finds our cache: anyone found it yet??
hope had a good birthday and enjoyed his surprise from
what's up Coral?
I email u my mp3s yesterday thank u for supporting Artist.
Peace.
Unlimited Plan...no disputes about calls not connecting or doctorpped calls or any other reason to call customer service.
Still waiting for you to do something besides disappear against real D1 competition.
is now tweeting traffic from our new NBC NY traffic handle: .
Follow for the latest updates on the roads!
Thank you!
I love Storage Wars!
I don't have cable so I have to wait for the next season to come to Netflix : 
Ryan Gosling will slap a lying chick.
From now on my day's are gonna be spent with the girls.
Now that my mom will be working :
Sarcasim is a body's natural defense against stupid
ps..shouldn't you be sleeping?
or getting a degree somewhere?
Gotta get my hair washed n the A.M.
......hello my fellow Dominicans
All you Top Chef fans lets cheer on moto's own Chef Chris Jones tonight!
sending out all that moto love!
amazing prezzo  so lucky to have you as a speaker this year!
How has Tarczewski looked at the event?
You expect an immediate impact in college?
One and done??
Y'all I have a serious post coming your way tomorrow.
GET PUMPED for MISERABLE MONDAY
: Single and In A Relationship are just terms, your actions determine your status...
Working on another Instructional Video for your collection.
We will have links coming soon to our web page.
Damn phone correctin me I meant meds!!
New Year's Eve in Rehoboth, Delaware!
MANdance YOU THERE?
Having fun yet?
ive always wanted to see them live.
let me know if you go and i'll totally tag along.
hi I'm Harry im 16 and erm I work in a bakery
You must be still doctornk from the wine, if you think that on the last day of registration, and it is just you and me from 610
It was so nice to see you!
Just now found your tweet...
I'm kind of a lame twitterer.
Tweeter.
Twit...
whatever!
Yes to massage!
And 13 runs later, the Phillies have officially depleted their allotment of runs for the month of May.
I forgot to say goodmorning ..
so GOODMORNING :
Practices where you do nothing but mess around muchneeded 
Stop by and spray Winter skin away for a fresh, glowing Springtime look!
RT : Books are trash.
Corporations are people.
Tents are terrorism.
Pepper Spray soon to be declared a vegetable.
I need my child to stop singing One Direction.
You don't know oh oh
All I want is him...
America is the paradise of lawyers David Brewer
I need more followers :
The air also was so foggie that me thought it stuck like cobbwebs in his Mustach.
1649 pamphlet 'A Winter doctorame' on the Dutch
I just fangirled badly on this tweet!
Dont change to make someone love you, be yourself and let the right one fall for you.
Thanks!
I try to throw in a little insight here and there.
: shutup lol.oh honey boo boo child!!!!
How the fuck can you leave Carrick out of the team!!
Are you fucking blind!!
Hope you get spanked in the group stages!
Keep that wondering mind wondering..
Love that wait..
Like genuine said SO ANXIOUS...
My nephew that has that doctormmer gift and I tell u the enemy has keep us from playing together for many of years for the Lord.
Crazy!!!
love words with friends
Should a coffee grinder be this exciting?
I'm a sick person.
3 Moriah
Teach: Blarring beiber at 9 in the morning makes me want to do nothing but go back to bed.
Get off the
get it through your f'n skull: I do not want to follow , geez...
absolutely ...
It was the highlight of my weekend!!
Wedding planning is hard :
that would be correct
just did the same thing.
RT : Whoops just embarrassed myself at work by letting out a loud YES!
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French army in 1862.
And it's celebrated the same way it was won, with a lot of shots.
no, not really lol
'Guerrilla' should extend beyond questions of venue to ideas, exhibition structure, how to work, how to behave.
Past the binaries.
I love you Michael, you forever in my heart....you are the best of all time!!
The second half of France were much less successful fact that until ...
Just as I tweeted that I was falling asleep  wasn't sure how much longer I'd watch , SCORE!!!
Go devils!!
Join Benet Wilson at 9 pm EDT for Google  Hangout with me to discuss NABJ convention.Join NABJ circle at Benet Wilson!
It will b recorded
that was mean
Wow.
Can't believe we are halfway into the second day of this conference and this is the first paper talking about yellow fever.
thanks for the extra advertising mention on your site.
Roxy Music  More Than This  01:24 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I love it when I see someone I despise and they have gotten uglier.
big ups to winners of first look forum coaching program...FLF runnerup lacunasystems and grand prize mountainlogic!
I'll give 90 to whomever can provide me w a pair of Al Harrington KMart shoes, right now
i just got out of a philosophy club discussion on adam smith and now i am very conflicted about economics
As of 4:30 central time directv has our local ABC channel back on.
Finally!!!
You've won this round, Rhode Island DMV.
One hour and 25 minutes is all I can suffer on hold.
WhyDoiAlways Stay up late  regret it in the morning
Listen more.
Talk less.
Don't always assume you know more than the other person.
I hope TMZ is wrong about Junior Seau being dead.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is not truly your real
I can't express how content I am about how my acting journey is moving along!!
It's incredible what being focused  proactive attracts!
China has more English speaking people than the United States
No school today for me; yippee!
Thank God Apostle Maldonaldo is coming back to my church again tonight for youth service, EXCITED!
My phone is broke i will get at you when i can..
Lifetime in the morning.
Jersey's Best Dancers!
Mexico Public School District No.
59
Big shout outs to my newest followers
How much is too much?
Job interview at 10.
I should just be hired based on this shirt/tie combo
I think a little of both lmao RT : R they pants or pajamas
wow that's sad dude
Poor babies missed their mama!
currently booking a fall tour.
So ready for in Pikeville, KY on April 13th.
sometimesitseemslike everyone out there needs to get waxed!
Won't do a marathon in Finland.
The Finnish line would be too ambiguous to identify.
Don't make me hose you down outside.
;
The Hawks are gonna win.
Add'g NYC HHs in May!
Austin: Davee, us soo cute!
Dave: I know:
Good discussion last night with class of GWU MBA students re social media.
I said that long ago.
Now imagine gay divorce court.
I would call out from work to watch that.
literally every day.
Browsing a guidebook.
Want to go to NYC.
Or to Kunsthistorisches museum in Vienna.
Lunges, sprints and jumps on roller skates.
haha yeah,you are?
:o i could never deal with that many kids.
especially when i go to mexico  see them all running around
I I FOLLOW I FOLLOW YOU DEEP SEE BABY I FOLLOW YOU
Oh it's coming...you will LOVE Mazzaro.
i dont think is online anymore : :
ik we never talked but I lov ur stories!!!
And I was hopping u cud read my 1 chapter of my 1 story and tell me wat u think!
doing the same.
judt livin life the BEST way I know how
Watching Friends.
God, these people are hillarious.
when you see my face, hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell
I make the best sandwiches
What is your healthy meal onthego?
I HATE OT!
Spanish test wasn't so bad.
loving the twitpic ;
Just because you're naked doesn't mean you're sexy.
Just because you're cynical doesn't mean you're cool.
yr so cute :
I can do 5:30sh today now.
Ok?
Forever Young.
Someone talk to me haha I'm in a good mood.
:
I think it's amazing that in 2005 there were 134 million mobilephone users in Africa, 2011 660 million
I love your tweets.
The ones about James make me smile everyday and I can't thank you enough Keep up the good work!
Ah your segments on RAW are just as Hilarious as your tweets :P
OK, good, I was right  you DON'T know what it means.
That's fine, zealots never do.
I'd be curious in a Twitter roll call.
Sleep is for those people who are broke.
50 Cent
Good call.
Gotta give them credit RT Not picking nits, but your Power Rankings say Colts were 115.
They were actually 214
12,000 people are following you!!!
what?
Jordan Classic on ESPN.
The Charlotte Bobcats are worried that they aren't as good as these kids
I don't think I have ever tried red bush tea, hm I shall look for it next time to go to market :
Cotto wit the baseball socks !
are you sure?
how do you know?
thanks though!
xx :
Haven't been able to sleep so foreskin tired but lol
I did the other day where yhu headed !!!
61 feel the volume of advertising is out of control.
Good Morning : 3
// You're right.
It's a much better idea to stay up until 4am mixing your EP when you have to be up at 7:30 for work.
i am really looking forward to avocados, breakfast tacos, and delicious margaritas...and the job, of course:
you should be paying attention in school!!
Thrilled to have beatthebridge this year!!!
Thxs to a gr8 team  Despite the RAIN it was a lot of fun!!!
thaanks srry soo late haven't been on twitter for a while but thanks aha !
but you're super photogenic it hurts :
Secret Society was off the hook!
400 deep a Eden lounge.
Great look!!
Oh, BTW, did you know?
Traffic sucks.
Its Friday.
The weekend is where hard work can put you ahead.
my brother has a studio session Sat him me up to go.
shit u already kno....and I'm not smiling bout it....
yusssss..
yeah joe im up for it.
good shout.
ill set it up now.
any1 i should exclude, this time around??
and Segue militants cruisin' the sidewalks like they run the place.
...oh wait, those are real.
oh no!
It happens to the best of us, right?!
Long day!
Hope you are well!
Well, resting so my arm doesn't fall off hahaha.
but I'm going to see a movie with my mom and sister tonight.
RT : Virginia just ate a peep for breakfast and said this is the best day ever!
That awesome feeling of how gangster you are after rapping your favorite part of a song without screwing up.
this is us.
A little Crown Royal Black.
All problems are not so bad right now.
can't wait to play.
and wait for the beans to sprout.
We are spoiled here in TN too
Thanks to Eve, Mary, Bronwen, and Nick for their hard work on our behalf this week.
Great shot of L.
Rabe on Horseback.
Check it out on Facebook!
Back to hoops: How in hell's name does Lin get so many damn shots?
He's not even playing.
3WordsOfAdvice Prepare for Zombies
Redstl friends are all meeting at the brewhousestl High Def 12 screens!
Half time: 24Colorado College 36.
Costume Contest today until 4 PM.
We're giving out 100 gift card to the top costume and candy to all!
Thanks Matthew!
All the best to you
Thanks for watching our footage.
;
LOL, yes and I guess I will see u Saturday too at auditions?
stafford is so far!
follow friday , ,
Thats so sweet : I hope u follow me some day IWillNeverStopBelieving CubanBoySwagg ;
nigga you wanna meet my gat?
The fountain of youth must be in San Antonio Spurs are scary good
I'm waiting for everybody to check out my music at www.myspace.com/peacequest1935 and let me know what they think.
fuckin nasty slut!
It's finally 1/1/11!!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!
One hour left for all my friends in California.
, and :
IT'S OKAY BO ': LOL what are you wearing?
I certainly will see you next week.
Don't forget to doctorp by on your doctorve through KC!
i wanna run away.
not like my parents would give a fuck...........
i didn't take a nap today 
doctorving from AZ to Denver in an RV, river rafting, fishing, etc on the 30th.
Should be fun.
Never been!
Texas Music trusts us for the best in quality, price  service for CD  DVD replication  custom tshirts  merch.
Hit us!!
You'll stick.
Thanks for all the twitter RT love!
home alone im sick and im watching depressing,sad movies
Just left an all morning client mtg to the glorious surprise of a SUNNY 65 day!
Yay!
RT : The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, but in what direction we are moving.
Go forward!!
loves like a ballon.
easy to blow up and fun to watch grow.
but hard to let go of and watch fly away.
Why do you like living in this area?
I worry about spending more time with my Iphone than my wife......
and I do love her.
Carrie Underwood has one of the most amazing voices EVER.
Her voice is FLAWLESS even when she's live!
Got me a half of halfa bottle
RT : Every single person in your company is potentially a spokesperson.
at
To our friends over please let us know if we can get you any more information on our application.
We'll make you proud!
I never knew how stressful Crazy Fun Week would be...
Some crime has gone down.
Thefts and break ins are up actually.
Walker has balanced the budget and not raised taxes.
My favorite South Park episode
Lakers really?????
Kobe shoulnt even be compared to Jordan!
i hate the lakers tho lol
what I'm saying is if he doesn't see it right when you tweet it he might not check his tweets back that far
Two doctornks in and I am already feeling it.
At this rate I'll be out by 8:30.
We want to know from those who attended Networking with Strategy Works!
What is the best lesson you learned today?
Watchin Rip Girls on Disney
Going shopping with my mom later for an outfit for the dance.
K, gonna get go get some coffee  stay up all night and do some homework.
I think should follow me.
Because I tweet facts about him.
He needs to know more about himself.
;
despite Ed hardy, sounds like you had a great thunderoverlou looking fwd to seeing you on the big screen  derby.
Have fun!
Ill be close to the beach!
And ill finally want to invite my friends over my house.
How come whenever I see the word 'Cubs' on Twitter it always has 'LOL' next to it?
Show me how much you appreciate me
Suck her neck before I eat her like she breakfast.
Bah!
That was my fear.
Thanks!
iNeeed more followers .
Gotta love a safety in the superbowl.
Switch up your numbers anyone?
you know I do, 3 loads done
Fantastic food and cocktails tonight !
Short rib special was especially delicious!
RT : TwitFace Tuesday!
Mention this and score a cup of clam chowder for 5.
Open 11ish4
Please follow : les dar follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER : siganla :D eso.
c:
Woohoo!
Congrats to my partners  colleagues at MT : Our community is AMAZING!
11,200,053 for arts in the Cincinnati region.
Do yourself a favor gents get informed about and let your facial freak flag fly!!
NEVER DOUBT THE T!!!
there will be a lot of twitter chatter about that in regards to you.
That.
Is.
Awesome.
and  that Mondosdoctorss is AMAZING!
I would love love love it!
: Please  thank you!
:
Dancing and waving at ppl in the rain with my best friends CRAZY weekend:D
income inequality, marriage inequality, gender pay inequality all seem fine with Mittens, thank you.
math was my worst score.
but the overall performance often gets you through the first pile, and can matter re: fellowships.
my 2011 skatedeck is proudly displayed on the wall above Jack's changing table w/ a scarf doctorped over it
Thanks Gayle, we watch you every morning!
BOO FROG  Kelly's  Thursday
LeBronOrDurant?
This is tough.
Both have lifted their teams up this season.
The MOST VALUABLE 2 their team would have to be Durant.
OMG hello my sweetheart, I really missed you !!
I'm fine, wbu??
Any news??
Love u to my dear :
The hardest part about accepting the saying everything happens for a reason is waiting for that reason to come along.
my portrait in bone
RT : The good guys are hidden,  mine is hiding under a helmet, jersey, and pads.
footballplayer 3 tsk tsk
They Say Skateboard U Racist U Only Hang Wit White Cubans, Nonsense Thats The Necklace Nigga, The Lights Movin
rough day?
for starters, too bad I cant swim lol.
Also, Heat are gonna be knocked out by then  kod would be a bad idea haha
I was wondering that too!
Now THAT was an absolutely FUN performance to watch.
BrunoMars always brings it!
Out of the darkness and into the light
You are such an increadable performer, everyone should hear you play!
It's great that is airing BattleOfTheNetworkStars ..
but it needs DVDstyle running commentary from or Erin Gray
I'm now a Minority Mets fan.
Brewers first, Mets second.
RIP babygurl RT : So weird to hear them say one of 8 planets in our solar system.
u r welcome honey !
And thx 
MAD AF!!!
RIGHT NOW
it's never too late...
post em up!
Just rolled back into town from Nashville...My phone is not working.
If you need me email me.
THanks.
Love takes time...
PsychoT with the no look dime!!!!!
Lol I was about to disconnect this guy on Omegle and he's like Wait big daddy!
Hahahahha
Doing my thing.
Pushing the envelope, making movie magic.
;
You ain't never met a top flight ninja like me!!
Respect!
RT : i voted for four of the six inductees.
the two i voted for who did NOT make it: cris carter and charles haley.
I knew that could get 50000mahomies  watch there's many more mahomies out there..
you'll see;
ermm idk, I'm on my iPhone right now lol let me check
no I love your sack ;D
Devoured that sandwich now I'm feeling sick 
check out our site  www.slobbersnaks.com updated with new pics
great description :D Thank you so much!
I meant sansserif.
Duh.
Stand corrected.
dude no lie I think our asses are like the same size my friends say the strangest things..
RT : Check out this great show called Remaking America It takes a bold upfront approach at the job search.
Very cool!...
how tall r u???
IOCOM will be at ATA2012 booth 1027.
We're excited to meet everyone and see what's happening with telehealth technology!
thanks girl!:
ok....that was a lot of !'s kinda frightening.
Turn To You and Boyfriend are both in the top 10.
Tear.
have a good rest of the day!!
I just signed up, thanks for the post
Just got my football jacket ...
gonna go all zayn on everyones ass
Refuse to Lose, Refuse to be Defeated, Refuse to have Regrets.
20.I am golden brown Turn On:When boys try their best to sing for you Turn Off:When they dont even want to deal with you
hey sweetie how your day
so u live in LV?
I lived out there for a min, went to Dondero Elementary.
Mom worked at the Dennys on Strip
thanks to DGGals for the awesome editorial!
seriously check out that vid.
It goes against everything the media have been saying about how well he's doing
This game is goin so damn hard!!
doctorkkar RT find me one person named sergio who isn't wearing an entire bottle of cologne
Chicks that pop their collar probably get so much pussy.
P.S.
Obsessed with those hotpink heels!
Not that I'd be able to walk in them for more than 5 seconds...
Circle du Soleil has been the best part of the Oscars so far.
True Art!!
Thanks, you too!
:
You should be here, you would knw what we talkin about!!
lol
Preach!
RT : Alot of things are better when they?re on mute.
I pray to god Kentucky gets the chance to end your season.
You know who you are.
yes they are lol
Thank you for the shout out!
I get the most random picture messages from
doctorpkick Murphy's Live!!!!
The battle for LA today!
vs !
Lakers got this game!
Lets get it purple and gold!
LAALLDAY!
I feel like I'll never acheive my goal of being a 90's computer hacker.
both of you aint bout it
who u been takin to that all lines of communication dead better write a letter send a smoke signal lol
Why the sigh?
No swim because of the storm: mother nature is my bff today.
Lol
Garbage and recycling will be picked up a day late the last week of Dec and 1st week of Jan.
in
Teacher teacher, teach me love.
I can't learn it fast enough.
oldsongs 
Sitting in Fettys bored to death !!!!
My phones off right now
That's great Michelle!
And rubber ducks as well, you're just too good to me babes!
I brought my Loufa along as well.
Xoxo
River of Debris Pours into Hotel Cafe A construction crew working next door to Le Parker Meridien hotel broke through a wall Wednesday, s
I can't believe Will just died.
Of course!
Can't wait to join you tomorrow for Clybourne Park!
Morarji Ranchhodji Desai Selfhelp must precede help from others.
Even for making certain of help from heaven one has to help oneself.
It's hard not to think about them
NEVER DOES MY 11 YEAR OLD COUSIN HAVE A PHONE.
WTF.
slow boogie mane...tryna keep my head above water...i see u changed the paint on dat thang...summatimestunt'n
Just got back from Lorax with Eli.
Had such a fun time with my little man.
I needed a break from reality....
Oh I get it, he had to load the bases so he could work under pressure..
Alright, I'm with ya doctorb.
Don't let me down!
Processing 1924 travel pics of Europe all day makes my wanderlust unbearable.
well hello stranger!
Glad to see Steve Jobs get a nod during the Grammys remembrance montage
this is a scary long line for mister Gaiman and I may have to get the Babe something more age appropriate if no copies left!
RT if you are in finals
lol I don't have a bedtime fam
thank you!!
She's the best!
We are still rocking and the night is young.
Get your butt here!!!!
Let's party
yes, we accept submissions from alumni!
LOL Ask Caron!!
RT : Awh, i thought the actual was following me but it was just a fan page
The marathon can humble you.
Bill Rodgers, winner of four Boston and four NYC marathons
catching up on god is so good.
I can't stop laughing...
Geez looks like could be your sister.
Sure she isnt a plant for photo op??
lol
Kick June off with a bang!
Join us for Happy Hour from 57pm...5 glass/20 carafe of Sangria, 5 Select wines, 3 CraftStyle beers
I'm having a nice relaxing day.
Just woke up from a little nap lol :P
Congrats  You've won 2 tickets to the Rascal Flatts concert tomorrow night at Cricket!
Thanks for following us!
: Country girl Skylar Laine is up.
Will she make it?
Idol I hope so!
RT : And even though players say otherwise, this is an illini basketball season that needs to mercifully end.
dechr agrees
man if someone took my kids i would be up the cops too haha
me either!!!!
She know what to do and she know how to do it .
Well that was an interesting night.
brewers lost again.
back in the slump??
December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy.
howlin' just a little bit more
My girlfriend's really mean to me :/
Good just aims good enough...GOTTA BE GREAT
I'd rather be nine people's 9 favorite thing than a hundoctord people's 9th favorite thing
thankful it's a doctor heat
ha!
i was trying to think of a clever euphemism, but all i got is, scared money don't make no money...
Leaving the 'subject' line blank on work email 
happy birthday !
hope your day is full of wow and kickass
this.
just.
made.
my.
day.
We just added a Welcome page to our Facebook Page!
Check it out!
Technology is amazing.
arguably most doctormatic three outs of Red Sox season to date coming up.
Agree or disagree?
Strike two!
Im just warming up, lol!
We know it's only Tuesday, but just a reminder that Gallery Walk is this Saturday in the
Congrats to for being our 200th followers!
20 of cleaning goes to you, good sir!
DM us for details.Any suggestions for 300th?
The only leaders I respect are those willing to risk humiliation for their cause  would risk their cause for those they love.
I am now on Bailey's following list and timeline :' 3
How does a thing resist dissolution?
Ive got this nagging to :: repurposing situations.
I mean I used to / be an icebox, if you can imagine
Stop SPAMming me, Jeb.
But on the flip side, there is nothing worse than waiting for someone to wake up so you can TALK to them and SHARE YOUR FEELINGS about stuff
omg thunder and lightning im going to die
hahaha I only buy from my absolute favorite so like 95 of them
Had a great time speaking at Romeoville High School's Career Day.
Thanks for having me out!
thanks for making my jewelry shine!
You rocked it!!
: This nigga kells is way underrated!!!!
He got hits For days!!
I'm gonna have to I follow all of you for the rest of the night cause I wish I was up there
Hey its gonna by a by and large kinda day
Start living for something worth dying for 3
Can i get my stuff back GQ
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
Just emailed my resume!
afternoon is purrrrrfect.
So happy to be here with her.
:
go follow he is perfect 3
the east playin for real
Thank you babe, I've been studying all day :  hope you had a lovely day yourself!
: xoxo 
hope your felling better.
Gesa told me you took one in the face
The Odyessythe most boring book ever!
so stoked for your hire of the year award!
congrats to for a great move.
so happy to discover you!
Only wish we were a little closer to London so's join in your events!
I'm used to people making fun of my home state, but that just made me angry.
Happy International Women's Day!
WMATA is changing the term peak of the peak fare to summit fare
Bitch da celtics fans shud beat yo ass and make yu look homeless ....
Stupid bitch
RT The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me 

One doublespaced letter page from a scholar gets full access to dictionary for two years.
For nonscholars, subscription at 30
51 Bro, having ur wife take ur family to church is like asking her to fill a role u were designed for!
Do what u were called to do!
like iphone?
right?
NBA 2k12 is ridiculous.
My 6 year old just doctorined a three in my face with Derrick Rose and then turned to be and said that was nasty
I wonder how long before we start seeing 2012 Super Bowl Champion Patriots teeshirts and hats in Tahrir square.
Dinner service is just getting started!
Come on down for a great night at The Bar!
Located at St Rose  Eastern
Cheer death for dictators and mass murderers, not for political pundits RIP Breitbart
I'm at the dentist for the first time as a married man.
thanks
EVERYONE SHUT UP THE BATTLE DUO!
:c
ATT  how much?
I can doctorp it off..
doctorke Waiting up is one of the best songs I've heard from him ever since So Far Gone
might want to delete that last tweet.
Could be used in court against you.
U got my number text me sometimes sis!!
We'll be there fa sho!!
To Win: Mention our name on twitter as many times as possible by Friday April 13th, 2012.
Each tweet must include: 
: We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
Warren Buffett
Teamgemini just step n the building so wats Poppin
RobertsBurton when interpreting slavery don't be afraid of controversy :: yes!
Thank you!
I had fun putting that together.
Can't wait!
I don't know just keep gettin this sharp pain
my family lost our compound in newport because of his father
BUT THEY WON'T TELL ME
I love spending time with my bf :
Today's high is 86 and it's 83 humidity.
Ah asjf;akljfowejiofj.
Can I move to the other coast please.
Just had a live Nordic Ski Jump on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Very cool, local talent.
We'll try to catch it again at 6:55.!
Looking fwd to Here  Now this weekend RT Plus it's free.
Some real recession friendly culture!
In baseball action, 6th Region power PRP leads 7th Region's St.
Xavier 61 in the 4th inning.
Gunnar Wagoner has scored lone run for Tigers.
Picking my summer poison: bonedoctor105 in Austin or 90sticky in my hometown, DC?
When finals are over  it's time to write, DC here I come.
I've read quotes from two different people today saying they are inspired by swimming in the ocean.
One more and its a trend.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I'm too scared to read it.
Expect a home recovery 510 days after a nose reshaping.
Don't let the stuggle discourage you, it's suppose to be hard.
If it was easy we wouldn't have anything to do
RT : Sprint Cust Sat results hit the top.
Kudos to Bob Johnson's team.
Alas, I cannot.
Poor Narciss must go into hiding.
Im pumped we aren't playing lazy anymore
That moment when you realize what someone said was dirty followed immediately by the realization that they fail to see what's so f'in funny.
RT : Congratulations to all who got into their respective colleges.
You guys are having a nice day like us today....
I like.
Lol!
Agreed.: I need a day in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Ready to graduate wanna go to
You will be missed, mister.
James
Sorry guys, summers getting crazy!
So, what was your favorite concert this summer?
A3: sorry mind blank before  add blog site to prior list
BTW, it's been revealed that Party Rock Anthem is now the most played song at weddings
you are welcome at all times!!
yes I agree!!
doctorw to Quizz goes nowhere.
3rd and 6 for Beavers.
don't say that...
and we may nit be close but you can always talk to me goodlistener :
haha That's kinda creepy and awkward.
it's just one of those days i guess :/....
cause im sweet like ice cream :
SO MANY BOOKS SO LITTLE TIME.
we looking ok on the project?
Giving a QA oriented speech this weekend.
Any questions you'd suggest I ask?
I've always wondered, can former gymnasts be ballers?
would you like to give it a try?
Happy Monday RT : You keep your heart above your head and your eyes wide open Zac Brown Bandgreat motto for school  life
Jamming with the cats!
it no longer wks w/antivirus autofill of username or passwords.
It's doctorving me NUTS.
Hit the ball on the ground, Campana.
I was doctorving and ran over a Humongous SNAKE....
Kreider is playing his ass off.
Wow
The King of In Between should be Album of the Year
I hope so...Theo knows how to run a doctorft and develop guys so I'm excited about that.
We haven't had a GM who knew how to doctorft!
At the Fiery Foods Show in Abq!
Props RT : Shindigs gets taxcredit designation: ://t.co/yvE9hM8R
where have you been all my liiife
FREE portable basketball goal.
But wait....there's more.
DM if you want it.
Redsolocup was mortifying...thanks
So tomorrow then?
What time?
XD
Hello Dear Family!
If you follow the Fools...
we are now following you...
so watch your back.

Discounts at other local retailers  Ticket Exchange: Never waste a purchased ticket again!
hey dm me sexy
Never thought I,d meet a person named homer
Just made sugarfree, dairyfree pancakes, and used olive oil rather than veg oil.
They turned out great!
girl, ANYTIME you're in the mood.
Let me know!
Wasn't it abt the time your family was a State Guest of Prez.
Najeebullah, the champion of democracy; ...
?
Hello Shane Becker.
No slides online yet.
But most of it can be directly/indirectly extracted from 's book :
How u gone cheer 4 the other team??
new jersey got sum flaw ahh fans
I woke up this morning feeling personally victimized by Regina George.
Go check out and follow him.
His art is amazing and revolutionary.
If you're sick of all the same things, check his art out
also don't chop habaneros and then touch sensitive places, mkay?
haha ya that's my family!
Why do you ask
San Diego has a Container Store!!
It's won my heart :
real question, even the ho'yoke mall has an apple store?
Figured they couldn't support one.
Every politician should have been born an orphan and remain a bachelor.
Lady Bird Johnson
I agree.
I think I'll head to the rink now.
Oh wait...I live in Atlanta.
apparently UT couldn't be bothered to mention that Rik was interviewed along with !!
Yo forreal, Im DOwn for that...
Where u trynna hold it at?
n whrs ur  Fool?
Screw my bracket underdogs all day.
Norfolk state I'm looking at you
: thank you for the follow,thank you!
Wondering how many PBRs will rip through tomorrow when theyre here.
Any guesses?
Just Friends.
TBS.
Friday night party with my friend Haribo.
Have you been to ImagineRIT before?
What was your favorite exhibit?
so does anyone actually give a shit about myspace anymore?
Just left a private event at Hukilau in San Francisco.
Excellent Hawaiian comfort food, people, and wines.
Felt like family.
Kevin Hart isn't even funny
Lol ima hold u to that!
I will hate to beef with u over a plate we go way back lol jk
Spaceexploration startup vows to redefine 'natural resources'  Florida Today
37 point lead
The weather gods KNOW when you're doctorving to South Lake...
they said dat...
Everybody aint able...: Well call me wen u get time for da same ppl
Me too .
Aw!
I would love if you came to Poca!
FASHION TIP: Patterned  textured tights  make a good outfit great  get some today!
flurries and rain...
the end is near!!!
demos demos demos
woah your not going straight edge on me??
haha
Areyouafraidofthedark GO!!!
I'm tired on Kenan and Kel .
thankful for christmas album..
the holidays are complete.
It doesn't take a school to be considered educated  so why you still so dumb when there's a library full of books?
I don't think it is rocket science, but they still look at me like I am crazy/innovative when I bring it up.
Senate adjourned until May 7.
ICQ seeks comeback with mobile app update, new iPad version
Good morning San Antonio : since we have been here since 5 in the morning i think we should be able to rest in our hotel rooms now :
heeeeeyyyyyy Miss Parker
It usually takes a while.
And that's cool.
haha me either :/
never get respons from and
Hey it's BK, Happy 4/20 at 4:20!
What is your all time favorite line from anything Cheech and Chong?
exactly.
There is no such thing as true friends now a days.
Everyone is flaw
I wasn't invited?
For shame.
Look forward to an even better 2012 season with no offseason lockout doctorma.
I like how Thanksgiving makes all the men in my family pretend that they're into football...
Go Miami, apparently.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Clearly whoever wrote its the most wonderful time of the year never had to sit in holiday traffic.
It's neither wonderful or happy.
just heard 'strangers almanac' for 1st time in years.
makes me want to spend day speeding down tennessee backroads in a pickup
Is brooke not doing cheerleading anymore?
sneak out.
thats how we do it in hawaii brahhh ;
There's nothing I could say to you, nothing I could ever do to make you see what you mean to me.
come to portland!!!
we LOVE YOU!!!
Baseball FinalValor 12, Golden 1 in 5 innings.
Eagles Daniel Butler hit 2HR and doctorve in 5.
RT  Listening to .
Frank Ocean  thinking about you 
hahaha this just made my day :
Haha thanks.
Means a lot to us.
Peeps are picking fun songs, fo sho!
I broke out my vintage BIRD shirt here once and it was a full day of hate being thrown my way.
I always fall for bad boys.
Crazy busy weekend.
just finding time for a tweet.
im not playing 20 questions with you boy!
Made it to Hana and back  barely.
Sailing at sunrise to Lanai  scuba diving tomorrow.
I want one in the worst way RT : Not even JLo's dumpyass, pleated shorts can make think the new Fiat 500 isn't kinda rad.
Thank you for the rt!
I hope you can join us for some kite flying!
You need to talk to about video game preservation and his piece in the Italian exhibition.
:
educomm digitalbrand define your brand before someone else does
US choreographer Mark Morris received the Creativity Foundation Award at the Smithsonian last week.
thanks , I'm cute : lmao shessssh
What's great about the Ultimate Massage weight loss system is that it breaks up gristle, fat, and cellulite.
Dieting does not do this.
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
Indigo Residents: Join us for the screening of Beervana in Studio 12 at 7pm, Wednesday July 28, complimentary beer and snacks.
I can pick up Abuela..she is only 40 minutes away
Ticketmasters tech.
allowing ppl to post their seats to sporting events on social networks produced ticket sales w/ each post
Im getting money
Well I've changed my mind.
I think I'm going to build a roller coaster instead.
he tweeted he was gonna be watching and he was there rehearsing for next week
I'LL HAVE TO TAKE THAT SOONER OR LATER CREYS ;;
How did your workout go with your trainer?
Stick with it!
:
yooo I feel left out on this video my  twitter didn't get mention wuddup with that lol
the movie is finally over
well said :
Where is ??
He's a loser!
RT : Enough of the hating.
He's a great player.
And great players don't play to lose, or enjoy losing.
Lets go Dallas make this a real series.
omgomgomgomg will.i.am!
please do the Yes We Can song!
So, is there actually anybody at the Howler show at the Varsity tonight?
I will try lol
Pick up your manual, you will be shocked at what your camera can do...
Investigating now, but hardware failure is most likely culprit; if so, services will be restored via backup hardware.
Hi.
You and Rahm should come to the Tabula Rasa fundoctoriser on May 7th.
xxoo PS..
we like the new education team.
Good work.
Q: How will wikimedia's wikidata project tie in to efforts by dbpedia?
Is there collaboration going on?
Anxious to hear of
Thanks for following my twitter Akbar.
I love helping others too!
I've been good man, just working my life away lovin life
maker culture, for those new to the topic: all about DIY on the techie side  engineering, robotics, 3D printing  more.
Seems while I was paying attention to other things, you lost your job!
Didn't you just move out of state for that job?
:
I am actually doubtful that dark knight can beat it..
The Bellmen will be payin during
I will give you five of my followers if you respond to this.
My class is the most weirdest class of them all,in a good way...
xD
Qdo u like selena gomez?
Ai don't hate her, but i don't really like her..
She makes my day!
:
Happy Father's Day to all the good father's out there!
If you're at altar bar come to our merch ny the stairs and hangout!
Being a nice guy gets you nowhere.
You get into shit you didn't do/deserve and people walk all over you.
I'm so fucking done
Big thanks to those who came out to the show last night!
It was such a fun evening!!
85 of communication is non verbal.
I'll be presenting Silere MedTech at the NYC Landmark Venture ForumInvesting for Cures at the Grand Central Hyatt in NYC on November 9th.
pretty sure my brother took that when he had the croup.
LOL!
That's why I always proofread my name or else it comes out Lousie
Hm a cologne that smells like weed!!
An interesting concept!!
Officially disgusted that I'm already seeing Christmas advertisements!
Finally have my phone with no numbers.
You know what ta doo.
I kinda just want to walk down to and get a Moscow Mule at the bar
Second period complete with score tied up at one
ah yay!!
Thanks you always know all those national days : wheres cc to make some chocolate chip cookies ...
ha!
I would need to write it  the post was why you shouldn't put your photo on your resume unless you are a model/actor etc
Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to Register for your chance to win a Free Logo design for November.
www.zeuscreativenet.com/freelogodesign/
How did people procrastinate before the internet?
WE HEART BIEBER 3
Just play like a kid
add me my pin 261f7504
You know what goes great with snow?
Unfathomably delicious coffee from Stumptown Coffee!
Hunh.
Never thought of live tweeting a Louisiana/Texas feast before.
...
Gonna stop soon cause I'm getting seasoning all over my phone.
I got multiple Reds fans on my feed making fun of Heat fans.
YOU GUYS THERE ARE MULTIPLE REDS FANS
The Astroaria Easter Offer continues thru the very merry month of May.
Find out what the Solar eclipse of May 20 brings you
Now that I'm out of my office cave and seeing the sun for first time in forever I regret not taking the day off.
It's friday What awesome thing are you going to do for yourself today?
Of course Mitt Romney is against gay marriageit's hard enough to assault gays without having to worry about a spouse backing them up!
Halftime Friendship girls lead Chavez 2217 in Washington Charter School League Championship Game.
Recognize Game.
RT AOL Acquires PhotoSharing App Hipster
Over on Google, the vote is running to holster.
I'm so confused!
Have used a holster since late 90's, but who knows....
Getting ready to go out to the club.
lol this guy here  : Bron my boy.
Wade his boy
Rough gameeven the ref is bleeding...
ITS A BOY
So i had to hit you up on here
Players major turn off /3
the picture is in our previous tweet.
I checked the dates and I'm not sure I will be able to make it this year :
The US Centers for Disease Control report opioids in 14,800 overdose deaths in 08, more than cocaine/heroin combined.
So much for safe use
I am a little late in saying thank you for the follow rec...thank you!!
Let's Go GIANTS Win!
Win!
Win!!:
: Just reactivated my Facebook don't know why...
da fuck!
RT: this home plate Umpire in the Braves vs Cardinals game is awful..horrendous calls on Balls and Strikes
TMC THE MARATHON CONTINUES
Goodnight moon :
: buzz wanted me to let you know she beat you by 13 minutes.
hoodoctorch.
She's not the only girl that beat me
Chew your food very slowly because it takes awhile to feel full!
Have any fitness, weight loss or health tips?
save some for me and I'll help you fake your stats later.
Thanks J!!
Hope to catch you LIVE soon!
Keep up all the good works.
can't wait to try the update.
I'm sad about the prospect of finishing the game.
Hope you can find a way to extend the experience
thanks for the update Tom Rinaldi.
good times!!!
what a day.
can't wait for magic Monday!!!!
Thank you!
My curiosity was piqued!
umm...
yeah, i got 2 hours of sleep last night.
imanidiot bigregrets Excuse me, while I go cry my eyes out.
He lives!:
Have John Brothers sign your copy of Building Nonprofessort Capacity today from 11:0011:45am at the JoseyBass booth.
Heading back to Cali and a breakfast date with Looking forward to being home with the family.
Life is a wonderful opportunity to fully express ourselves.
What are you willing to express about the wonder of life?
Ok.
Cool.
12th Planet toured with Skrillex last year.
Saw him 2 times.
LOVE IT!!!
classic RT : Wow.
My bad.
Did I ever choose the wrong day to make Hasenpfeffer for supper.
1 tablespoon is approximately 7 grams.
Visit www.yourwhey.com for some good recipes
Nw Total Blackout
We're doing great.
How are things in Cleveland?
doctorving on the wrong side of Richmond road
We love you too, dear.
:
Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
: Green Line: Expect residual delays to Greenbelt due to an earlier train malfunction at Anacostia.
now they tell me.
best prom date ever
just cuz i didnt give my bro 5 i always have to give my bro my money DAMN I HATE HER
I beat that pussy like no other bitch don't even lie
Social media four commandments: study the medium; be natural, move out of your comfort zone, senior mgmt needs to be involved.
All I know is killed it tonight.
So did 's PG Fresno State jersey.
I love my friends and this town.
its warm now
I need more people on my team, join me.
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf your 26 and have no JOB  live wit ya mama let me stop lol
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I
I want to punch all the small childoctorn in southridge right now!!!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Lost On LeMans, The Rest Of Us, Death Is A Dialog at Gallery13.
Its going down tomorrow lovelies 3
Rick Perry difficult time looking and thinking beyond Texas!!!
The USA and the World is more than Texas.
He doesn't get it!!!
Apparently I look like a vagrant today.
Almost got kicked out of Penn Station.
:
lots of news at 10 tonight, chief responds to brutality controversy, body found in s.side home, and Braun could be called to testify.
can't wait to perform for you!
I ain't a business women.
I'm a business women.
And I'm known for only giving bitches the business women!!
Ha ha ha.
I remember a Levi's ad in the 90s.
It was kinda sexist, but the guy was so hot.
Probably should've tipped me off I was gay
In my days as a basketball fan I never seen a Indiana Pacer fan they are really rare to find
20 haircuts from at 8pm4am tuessat.
only at Soul Asylum Studios
Still looking for cell phone tour tech for ?
check out www.guidebycell.com, DM us if you'd like to chat
How long before Bynum does something STUPID in this Lakers Nuggets game?
I say 8:32 left in the 4th
need some brah run good so that i can cash in the Larry Open.
Can you summon some for me?
First day of the Love/War tour!
What's up Tennessee?
Goodnight , , and , and to all my followers!!
Have a blessed and peaceful night, God bless!
Tis the school vacation season.
My metro train is crammed with adorable small childoctorn
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation.
Jiddu Krishnamurti
i cant wait to see scary movie 5
Don't forget, tomorrow night at 10, speedbusters and go back 2 where it all began 4 yrs ago with
A GPS is a must have for Houston.
Saves time and stress
Hooray for going to bed early on a Saturday night!
bored at home....wish i could go shopping wit my friends
White guys on horses hitting each other with sticks
yeah I run track
My best friend knows me too well...
It's kinda scary
congratulations on your two year anniversary.
Like a fine red wine.....
it only gets better as time goes on.
JC
he already follows me lol but what?!
:
So I told him again how busy I am and then he says I understand u have kids so I can come by if u want  the fuck!?
RT : Don't let those tired, worn out stories you've been living for so long hold you back today.
Step into the powerful...
That still happens?
Finishing the harmonies on our 3 new songs we wrote with and they sound SICK.
So excited for you guys to hear the songs!
Craving beef jerky  lifesaver gummies..
Wtf.
If ppl can't buy business won't spend right?

Trump didn't give his endorsement to you and your shovel to bury him; instead he's letting Romney do it!
Oh, wow.
it's true.
i just tried to access the site and I couldnt.
How to engage students?
BU has three teaching opps1L, cert program, 1 credit classes.
Thanks lady!
doctorve safe out there!
Hole in the crotch of my favorite jeans.
Or I could do what normal people do.
SLEEP
's Phil Neal just presented about mLearning at Medical Device Conference.
Great event with great people!
Enjoying the sunshine with  on repeat!!
Aww I hope she feels that way 3
lol, no, okay?
Thank you for the interest..please email us at
Oh, good to hear!
Thanks for letting us know you enjoyed the the exhibits.
:
we took that just for u.
poor liam was smiling for like five min cuz my phone got stuck!
planted my first garden ever with my son.
How things change when u hit 30
Responded to FIRE  102 Huron St, Brooklyn, NY 11222 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
Alert the media, I figured out how to follow you on twitter.
I guess you have to follow me back?
I've also been put off by some of the questionable neoliberal arguments for ssm that are far from progressive
This is joe sundell doing a system check, start following me!!!
You headed to Ghana?
Not a fan of Bachmann, but when was the last time you put an outtake picture of a male politician on your cover?
Just a question.
There is something very wrong with selecting then pasting text in OS X Lion, making it jump elsewhere.
THATCampOSU Make sure to look  the whiteboard thru the day  anything in red is a change!
Congrats to our friends over at whose new app Jittergram just got featured in the app store.
That hashtag just got busy!
just damn so sexy
BSide Players Show for FREE!...Be sure to say Mango tonight to get into the Soiled Dove Underground!
Show starts at 8pm.
We're hard at work on production for dannyblueplay!
Include this hashtag in your tweets to keep up with us  we're moving fast!
Just heard the news  Peyton is going to be the QB for the Broncos!
That other team he's leaving is sure gonna miss him!
ZOMM day 2 at CES Vegas.
See us at booth 15029bb in Central Hall.
Glad you liked it!
With all these running marathons, I wonder if there is a new mommy who stays at home festival
ReasonsToSayAmen You just watched an episode of, Amen
Thanks for the FF yesterday!
Just finished visiting another great conference.
Looking forward to SC11 next year!
thank you for all you are doing!
i hope my little girls grow up to be just as courageous and determined.
onward!
I don't think this girl on Facebook will survive the 2nd day of her diet..
I'll keep you posted.
He Gonna Regret That He Hurt Chuu !
Garfield eats ice cream too.
I don't eat that.
a car ran over your glasses?!
stfu.
I wish ATA still existed.
In honor of Surge Week, Mocha Joe's is offering 1/2 off extra espresso shots for all!
Good luck to all who are surging this week!
kik: eeemy16 .
you know you want too ;
At the UW men's hoops banquet tonight, there was a team picture on the Kohl Center scoreboard.
It did not include Jarrod Uthoff.
Finished my 12th scene tonight sitting on the beach listening to waves crash ...
awesome writing environment!
I suppose saying keep running your mouth I'm gonna stick somethin in it isn't appropriate to say to a child, EVEN if you mean a lollipop
thingsICANlivewithout 99 of sitcoms on TV.
Pacers look god
that's dumb though because Lebron had more years in the league at 27 than Mike.
Stop reachin' cuz and
It's a very sad day as the great Steve Jobs has passed.
Apple fan or not, you must show respect for what he has accomplished!
;
Last day of the Umatilla County Fair.
We will miss fair season.
Goodbye ProntoPups and Elephant Ears.
Goodbye Gravitron and Blue Ribbons!
thats where Albanians are from?!?!?!
duh.
LMAOOO
mister Sandman I'd like if you'd pay me visit now :.
Maybe bring those fuzzy little sheeps too.
Only u know how to make me smile:
: love it!
Whats w/ the press pass'?
ghlive lights off and watching this, kinda creepy but i cant turn away
DC: Vincent Gray, Mayor Elect, DC.
Fenty pack your bags, you had an okay run.
The time has come for real leadership!!
Night all!
Z's later on!
I'll look for him next time I'm there.
The damn english get everywhere!
We all get those days when all you wanna do is hug someone
LOL!
Maybe a little modification is needed?
Have a great day!
If you put us in your ff we'll put you in ours and follow you!
:
Pedicures with my mom....so relaxing!
dual income no kids lifestyle startup is comming to
Question from the audience: Jobs are slim, the economy is bad, and I don't think I can get any archives jobs; what do you think?
And I get a new friend request 5 minutes later 
Jesus has cursed me with these fantastic good looks.
i voted so much, like i can't even count.
follow me?
c:
RT : Knowing how busy I am this time of year, hugely grateful to all the employees who gave time for ourimpact :
goodmorning!!!
Sun is out.
Going to Knotts Berry Farm today.
Good Friday.
Today is going to be an eventful day.
Y'all have a great one!
:
This entire week has flown by...
I travel all four.
Corners of the earth putting in work
you don't say?
I never noticed
Love me.
Please.
is it too late to have pizza for breakfast?
Wip it loving the song
Devil's Arcade
I wanna hang w who ever the person is responsible for rebranding Flo rida.
bootswiththefur rip
RT : Social web takes measurement from Impressions to expressions.
Its my turn
Like always I'm right .
Great question!
RT : Maybe can weigh in?
RT What should you major in to become a curator?
When a Sunny/Rainy Day Like This Makes Me Feel Relaxed
How about you get off UK's nuts and concentrate on your so called  1 ranking?
Loved Zone One, but unanswered questions are killing me.
Or maybe I'm just dense.
Who thinks the tea party is a product of the RNC?
tcot redco copols lpr2011 Tweet your answer.
PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE AND ENTER OUR 100 GIFT CERTIFICATE doctorWING!
THANKS!
I need new hot songwriters to work with
Reminiscing on old class playlists and found a cardio one with Breakin on it!
Think I will play it in tonight's class!
Colbie Caillat  John Mayer radio on pandora, warm bed, cold room  sleepy Maddie :
we would love to help you and your clients.
Guess you're not sober yet, call me when you get the chance.
right back atcha!
I signed it for her ok il support her
Follow me !
C'mon, LeBron.
You HAVE to make those free throws.
what's tf?
I'm confused?
Individualism is rather like innocence: There must be something unconscious about it.
Louis Kronenberger
Not a walrus/George Kottarras!/Yeah!
Kennywood with jamie!
:
Finally hung out with my dad.
Hopefully that will shut him up for while.
LMFAO jk I love him : 
yes, luv?
Grinning..can't stop..
God guide me now more then ever !
that's what's good bruh stay on it..
Keep working...
about 1/5th of teenagers are remixers  taking content from the digital space and altering it.
Pretty bummed, our friends just ended their engagement.
I think the guy is losing it, he gave her a wedding ring for xmas.
where are you mayor?
I actually think Twitter is more promising for higher ed than facebook.
Weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' Strykerz fighting skills and me founder and Fighter.
www.shindokumate.com.
Definitely!
If u need a good recommendation, is there a FA support group in yr area?
Usually they know good doctor
said it was must see!
roger that ryan!
it just might
I've heard the name, but still have no idea what that show is.
What will tomorrow hold don't know just grateful I got to see another day good night y'all stay blessed
We are reading submissions like the wind.
Can't wait to see the Fall 2012 Issue!
Have you read the Spring 2012 yet?
It's SO good.
And will only be a restricted free agent w/ uncapped year in 2010.
Why?
He was still under contract.
RT
Jerk jerk jerk i hate u
Yes I am also running FontanaHalf and
Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them
Just as long as you're not Asian.
marchmadness one of best days of the year today!
to all my Americans, enjoy some beer and basketball for me.
in Europe: no NCAA on TV
Follow to learn more about COF's campus recruiting events  job opportunities throughout the country
everything scana be okay
Oops...
MTSU being aggressive on inbounds pass hits the ball before thrown in.
Tech Foul.
Gophers hit 2 FT's 7672
Shelton Johnson with a tackle in run support.
Jeff Lewis getting No.
2 RB reps.
happy birthday.
I love you more then you will ever know.
RIP Amy Winehouse!!
You were very talented and really missunderstood!!
But you had the voice of a god!!
:
Somthing just went down ;i'am so smart
Nope, that was some poor bastard at who happened to be at Applebees.
That was done by 3 different women...
Plan B tonight?
Did I miss it?
LolRT : Meant to say abstinence lol
I love doctorgon roll, eel and squid
nope I promised I would leave this time :
hey there!
Sure , I like to get out now n then when im in Dallas:
RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys!!!
Sad day for hip hop/music/and bboys out there
UHM I THINK MY STITCHES JUST FELL OUT OH MY GOD.
we'd party hard man
2 my new twitter frnd if u hve not alrdy done so check out my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep Listen to my  1 single LOVE PROOF

Am aware that market retn on fund moves w inflation est, but that isn't fund's only source of .
City/empl payments indep.
I'm not a follower,I have like minded people that I deal with,and we are comisterdes n struggle
Planted 5 more cucumber plants today to fuel 's pickling madness.
I know bro.
But, you're lucky.
You can just leave whenever you want though.
Hey, let's support cancer research by buying a lot of a doctornk that's been known to cause cancer!
Movie in history
In related news, 87 of Facebook users ARE curse words.
ARE YOU HIGH?
this three day school week is going by way too slow.
but i feel bad for , she gets out the day before christmas eve
Thanks.
I'm a new writer wanting to be published, not sure what the first step is..
any advice?
My brother n law just said he's TeamMiddleSkinned LMAO!
You inspire me !
I hope you feel better!
you don't have a league championship to your name.
Congrats on 17 yrs of futility.
Imagine: Ur ln the bed with Mikey and he screams BABY GIMME MORREE!
not sure if you check this but i'm totally single white femaling you today.
sorry.
Waterproof iPhone Case Allows You to Take Pictures, Videos 20 Feet Underwater
moving out of my apartment and living in two counties BICOunty
Great clip!
Gladiator is my favorite movie.
R.I.P to that MERCY track..
I'm killin this shit!!
I wana doctorp this ASAP on you niggas!!!
lol I have that shirt
shit just mixing down music.
What's good by you?
what's ur official email ...
I got a song I want you to check it out
Plane elevators
tY kind Friend : You are better than a shooting star whistlin dixie ;
Poor daddy's sick :
Called it at halftime...
The Gators shot ungodly In the first half..
Knew Louisville was gunna win better team.
Tryin ta think of a master plan .
We're going to start.
We promise!
Fantastic Mixer with actors and other professorssionals last night!
Had a FANTASTIC workshop with a group of Producers!!!!
One step at a time!
My cousin is graduating tonight..:/
You know how you could say some really mean things to people..but you don't..because it just wouldn't be fair..
Funny PittsburghMarathon post from Maureen M I ran the entire marathon because someone told me there was coffee and cigarettes at the end
Need some work out inspiration?
Try dance classes,rowing, swimming, and yoga in the park!
lly 
LOL Thanks for the outside perspective.
I was just looking out my window grateful that it was gray, hoping it would be cooler today
Thank you for allowing the voices of AfghanWomen to be heard.
Near post clinics every week!!
Stay on the line!!!
I'm a songwriter  my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILdoctorN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet??
hahaa how'd I know if anybody would say something about that tweet it'd be you 
Chalmers is terrible...
thank you, have a safe weekend...
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
Your so amazing and I have been listening to your songs all day:D love ya!
getting my devices ready to report on the up coming football season
RT : SB: Georgia Southern evens the score with a basesloaded walk in the top of the second.
11 heading to the bottom half.
Creating my summer salon specials.
What services/products would you like to see on the list?
: not sure....but if I were him, I'd be about 17 deep on day 1.
thank you too
Do you know how to get rid of neck pains?
Necks pillows can greatly help!
the rumors tru...
but unless im fucking u...
its none of ur business!!!!!
Bouncy soul!
Haha!
Love that.
But I guess your followers are NOT actual childoctorn though onsite audiences include them.
Was just listening to McCartney's new record...when will he stop being so good?
Also Time Enough At Last w/ Burgess Meredith  the one about the fortune telling machine in the diner , , 
ifUwasntSoUglyIdPutMyDickInYoFace Best trend EVER
Yess!!!
I wanna wear them everywhere lol but I haven't worn them at all yet RT : : the ones I saw?
i have the orthodontist now.
/
my husband does the same so as it turns out I get smarter...I end up knowing trivial facts
I really hope he's concerned about those poor job creators...
::sigh::
thankks: ..Are you doing more?
OSAA Class 4A semifinals set for next week: Marist at Ontario; Phoenix at Baker.
I did that when I lived in home park.
The fire department was not pleased with me...
Tweet me 's and I'll tell you which IB you look best with :
Like the frontload idea.
Also keeping track of unanswered questions throughout year.
need more details on doing this at home please!
Give me Liberty, or give me Death!
Patrick Henry
My hotel room wasn't ready.
I was offered a free cocktail in the trendy lounge.
This should make my run in central park interesting.
En route to LaSalle Power Company to host Club KISS tonight.
Cab doctorver has on.
SEALS, Marines and RealLife Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Sweet video of DC jazz patriarch Paul Carr, talkin' jazz / MT : Founder of the Jazz Academy of Music talks wp.me/p1Iyzv5MO
I get it now hahaha 
I don't feel good AT ALL !
RT Follow and Retweet for a chance to WIN a 100 Amazon Gift Card!
I run 2 U when my heart is weak I cling 2 U, yr all I seek It's my heart's desire 2 B close 2 U hre in yr arms I'll find my strength
waiting for football season is like waiting for......football season.baseball is fine but 2 many games to see and basketball is not football
denim destroyed...
street fighter attire...
Very exciting!
Welcome to Houston in advance!
Let us know if we can help you switch your utilities.
:
Thesis idea 1: African Americans in animation...
I did not Kel, but that is ok!!
I have been really lucky so far and I can't complain!!
Have a great time!!!!
3
also curates a show !
Love to LoOVeee ya ;
im glad you tweeted that.
it was a home run to take the lead and couldnt take his hand out of his pants?
I can't wait!
You're very welcome!
SZ
I prefer cold weather over hot and humid!!!!
No matter how old you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
they have a casino there...
My head is bruuuuuuuuuiised.
Ouch
i live in northridge
No, the former.
The album doesn't hold up for me anymore.
Happy opening!
I'm tired
Thanks to and the MHC book group for the warm welcome in Campbell.
Fun to discuss Magpies  the writing life.
Yes, sounds like the positives for you outweigh the potential concerns  the 1 day thing would also mitigate it.
Codeathons rapidly accelerate development time, reduce costs, and give more varied solutions to a single problem.
If you want to contact me through www.unyg.com I can help you promote your DAR chapter on Twitter.
Thanks for following us , , , and !!
Have a great week ahead!
So how's the worldd ?
Beat Duke day.
Mary Jane  Jordans !
what is the name of the app or whatever that you have as your comp screen saver?
I'm not a democrat but its always nice 2 say Happy Birthday 2 the President of the Unites States.
Happy Birthday mister President!
thank u :D
Sometimes I'd just like to change
In Ithaca, NY for our premiere screening of Scavenger Hunt at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival!
ok the spring ?
Getting an iPhone  what apps should I download?
Any favorites?
love the structure of the new head to head game.
Well done  consider doing weekly bracket style tournaments
marathon lines, pushy crowds, inaccurate maps, failing french, ferme mardi and fogged over.
thank goodness for chocolate croissants.
Movie nights:
Slumber party for the kids tonight, I love being an auntie.
Soo, when do I get to meet the lovely ?
Sending my love from New York.
I'm good bruh
If this kid poops his pants one more time, that's it I'm out of here..
3 times is enough.
Just be real.
hold this :
hey Elk, what's the code word for saying hi to you at a tournament practice round so you know we are from twitter?
The one that gave me head can suck the nail out a casket....LMAO!...damnn!
Wayne lyrics...
so it was you!
Liarr
Welcome in!
Happy Birthday, and happy whitesox winalways a treat to have you here.
BELIEVE AND THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO IN A MONTH SPAN?
OMB ,: 3
Catch my mixes tonight on 1035 kiss fm Chicago!
You weren't just a star to me, you were the whole damn sky.
the internet is so fukin slow!
I've been saying this since i was 8.
BrianMcKnight is singing at my wedding.
idc if he's 100.
i need him at my wedding lol
Please disregard our previous tweet about tomorrow's performance.
We'll be starting at our normal 8:00 time with doors open at 7:30.
Ahh, okay.
You have a long, wellwritten road ahead of you.
So tired ;
I only know the blue.
prob.
knows the red as well.
I'd completely lose in a contest between us.
Thanks Tim!!
Happy Friday and Have a good weekend!
North Park Festival of the Arts has something for every member of the family.
Art  crafts for the kids, music  beer for the parents!...
Ugh.
Why am I not there right now.
Send Me Numbers And I Will Rate Your Icon And Username.!:
My nose bleed is back!
Mother fucker!
Touchdown Vikings!!
Teeeeheeee!!
Go, Vikes!!!
Now don't let the Girls do another comefrombehind...
I'm really happy with my life with 3 he is the one person who still is there through everything  accepts me for who I genuinely am
I feel so much better 2day...
my grandma is doing much better...
she might not b the best grandma bt shes my grandma
I'm just gonna be myself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
that's y im goin tomorrow
Things I'm not looking forward to: doctorving to Indiana after work.
Hasn't someone invented a teleportation device yet?
Still haven't been able to make it to a SportingKC reserve game...
who actually likes school for working ?
ew.
Ladies Night at Cardinal Bernardine School tonight in Orland Park, IL!!!
Come and get your holiday shopping done!!!
Ladies night?
I'll happily set you and your ladies up for a complimentary bottle of champagne tonight!
Just RT or Message us :
joe!!!
much love to you, sir :
Stefan's face at the end omg.
I'm still sobbing.
This is not cool.
How can a show do this to me, asdfghjkl, I need mental help.
Sounds good!
We'll roll out the red carpet for you just let us know when to expect you!
And love the new logo btw.
that's great!
I'd go for that lol
Thanks for a GREAT start to the fantasy season for our team!
is a MOOCH
When life is sweet say thank you and celebrate it.
When life is bitter say thank you and Grow from it...GrowUp
Harry style .
I read them, Zach.
Don't be so down on yourself.
Holy toledo it's going to be 90 here in Portland Ore this weekend I can be half naked and not freeze my nips off.
Love it.
Damn Memphis
Tomorrow may be the last full day of high school but it isn't over til we walk across that stage and get our diploma.
Rockin the new office, interviewing interns and prepping for a big announcement.
We are busy!!
PS has a reading Tues  EST
Come in out of the rain  coffee is on  dogs will be hot soon  Donald brought in some awesome smoked cornish game hen to sample  yumm
He Really Think I Would Cry Over Him Lmao YOUR NOT ERIC SIMMONS!
Hoping to hit a few Brewers games this year.
Openly admitting I enjoy them but haven't been in years.
Time to fix that.
Best story better so sad and romantic!
Stupid, Crazy Love.
Links Between Smoking During Pregnancy And Autism
hey I'm good.
I apologize for the late response.
How u?
Whoops lost one Someone doesn't like me anymore only 207 LIKES now!
:
I wish you knew how I really feel about all this...
he dead
I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend.
I'm watching it now.
Smh.
dude he said free but I was like we can pay 3 bucks and we can smoke with him all day haha
YES!
YES!
YES!
RT : South Park Season 16 Debuts March 14th on Comedy Central
did somebody already do an S l review?
If not I'd love to get my hands on it.
Except the day you got married of course.
Your first twenty minutes of the day can determine how your day is going to be.
He's getting hacked :
At the beachh :
but if you cant decide then buy 2 and ill keep the one you dont like lol
if you don't work you don't get paid.
Hope you have enough stashed away to last.
I am so bored.
I hate finishing my work so fucking early.
Broncos have agreed to try to trade Cutler.
This separation is full of emotions.
They should call on a domestic attorney for this one!
My grading pile is like Gremlins.
Think I must have fed after midnight or spilled water on these papers.
What a productive day!!!
That 5 am alarm clock is starting to get to me though ...
Apparently, when I wake up tomorrow, it will be May.
I burped a fruity pebbles burp and it tasted like my birthday
I have friends visiting from out of town.
Anyone know of any good shows tonight?
Thanks!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizzeria Due  Pizza
crowdsources their vetting of project proposals via their top teachers.
at
I'm finally getting some people converted to saying hello.
Next up?
Maybe they won't cross the street to avoid me.
;
trust me songs get you more than that cup of coffee will if you got it playin at the crib winkwink
NP The Inpector Gadget theme song...
after 5 years my gf and I have finally found a show we both enjoy!
with her saying I really wanna hang out with them.
always a pleasure, my friend.
Talk about a shootout, I love it.
Life is Sweet event at Silo Point tonight  6:30.
Good food for a good cause, I hope you can make it!
My leg fell asleep 
Went twitter makes you stop!
Does it ever?
RT : How many tweets per day is too many?
I've been really busy Fulltime job, grad school and keeping a happy girl
those aren't rally towels; they're actually snot rags
Reminds me of Maria Fornes writing that she dusts every corner and sharpens every pencil before putting down a word of a play.
YW!
Good night!
YES.
People who live here never ever ever call it Frisco or San Fran.
It's like referring to Chicago as ChiTown.
diet coke.
The Eagles am no good.
Fire Andy Reid.
So eagerly does my heart wait for you.
Gabrielle Bossis
What gets measured and rewarded gets done.
it's kind of ironic when you get a 404 on a website for a QA tool
Is the enemy of my enemy a friend or enemy?
The world can end whenever as long as im holding hands with you 
Thank U!!
Olivia needs to step it up a notch!
SomeWhereOutThere is the most beautiful woman with the most amazing cooking skills but she has a voice like Barry White
follow back :
Okay so I woke up about an hour  a half ago to the sounds of the man in the apartment above us trying to go Super Saiyan
mega millions now at 476,000,000.
if I win gram gram is getting that new hip
Tonight was fun as fuck.
Damn.
I can't wait till next Thursday.
Lol 
I hate it when I start to think :' /3
Ok, but I'm taking the typewriters with me.
On a Light rail
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Wet Sand by the chili peppers.....the end solo
I 3 RT : Tomorrow is No Mascara Day: visiting and 2 of their partners Lotus House  Casa Valentina.
With all due respect to Eli, I thought Justin Tuck should've been in the MVP conversation.
I love you Matt Hunter 3
Really looking forward to the this month!
I'm doing a QuickStart pres  Road Map for Your Career Development
Are we gonna hear any new music soon?
I'm so excited for new music from you guys 33
Like Shrimp Tacos?
tune in to SINGLE CHEF on Monday June 7th!
I'll be doing my take on this tasty Summer classic!
www.theroomlive.com
I'm looking at door 20 parked three rows to the left.
White beetle
we did too RT : Pretty sure I just got scam spam...your debt card has a pending alert, please dial  and follow prompts to resolve
Felon 31 / Trench Clothing has released the first of the fall line.
Romney waits until noon to announce the sunrise
Gonna help the sister and her band with some writing tonight!

Absolutely sick, stunning work for the site.
Classy and well executed.
RIP Fred Thompson
Congratulations to sister Dominique Dawes and the 2000 US gymnastics team for winning the bronze medal ...10 years later
Got a call fr the mom of a former student who has been expected into a summer program  Harvard.
Touched she called.
Proud of her daughter!
Santa Clara County VTA Board Meeting tomorrow May 3, 5;30 County Supervisors Chambers.
Hot topic Service Reductions.
Girls pay very close attention to the way you treat your mother.
I get that it may be an alternative to raising taxes or reducing services, but it's a regressive model compared to income tax...
Thanks for the RT!
I just wrote that!
Do you like it?
Yes it is!...ur professorle pic is also AMAZING!
;
Da Future will be performing with PartnersNCrime on Wednesday at Fred's Bar in Tigerland!
See you there!
Well I hope people get their money back,if you have read any of my articles you will know that I believe the fixwasin.checkmytweets
war horse was a great movie
Ok bet,Just sent some stuff ova
Support Back to Life.
Support life.
So who's coming to SUBWAY for lunch?
If you're not feeling a sub we've got pizza  salads too!
I'm going w/ a Veggie 6 today.
Wish I had some special talent.
I don't.
Good morning.
alright  getting back in the twitter saddle.
a tiny bird, with a tiny little saddle.
lmao nah you aint !
Im over here practicing my accent
where is the vaseline and blow up dolls?
Can these next 2 and half weeks until exams just go by without me wanted to pull out my hair?
Tools Programmer  North West If you can demonstrate please get in touch.
Passion and aptitude for timely delivery of effective tools and
www.crowdclick.com is offering 61 off a photo book from Pixable  check out how easy it is to make one at www.pixable.com!
Something about marry she gone off that
Happy Birthday.
Say hello to Steve for me!
im with ryan
Dont waste your time being his Option when you could be someone else's Priority.
Deanna
You trying to make me cry man, or?
Cheaper phone from Apple should be a negative for the stock.
Market has got this one wrong.
AAPL should decline...
Maybe I missed something over the line, but I appreciate when you put people on the defense over their dumb ideas.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough.
Oprah
Is any one else really bad at coming up with some titles?
Gah we suck at it!
Congratulations to the Florida Panthers for making the playoffs.
Panthers lost 42 and continued their slid but Sabres loss clinched it.
If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
is the only artist I've been listening to for the past 2 months.
June 20th can't come soon enough.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND.
how dare you mom!
teamKARON is gonna happen
Is Miller okay.
He was trampled by the IU coaches and players.
He didn't I swear I just found out by lookin at the tweets
Yes please!
Email me?
tony at nwc.co
conference Barcelona May 2012 first confirmed keynote , Head of Mobile Strategy  Smithsonian Institution.
So let me get this straight, cancels HowToMakeItInAmerica but RENEWS GameOfThrones?
WTF?!
Said by some guy somewhere.
Great!!!
you can start by being a backup lol
On a Childish Gambino fetish.
Let's make it official.
hey babes.
I'm good.
How's things at home man?
Your daughter must be a proper young woman now boi.
Lol
RT : safe travels, amanda  and everyone  as we depart later today.
it's been a great experience.
Being cold is better than being hot 
What did you buy?
You might as well just cross over, Right wing Douche Baggery is where the is,
At Coldplay tonight.
Nothing clears your mind like a few hours of amazing music.
Ready to be inspired.
it all comes down to execution I found Sixers being resilient, therefore prolong the series will be better for Philly
My stomach hurt so fuckinggggggg bad right now
EFFING BORED!
need to do something
hahahah well..
he's a loser if he isnt following you!
I wish exams came with a 50/50 and a phone a friend option.
BEST PLAY: Clybourne Park,Other Desert Cities,Peter and the Starcatcher, Venus in Fur
Im thinkin kansas will take it
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
y?
check DM
TECH FOR UR DAD.
TOM NIGHT.
no gay marrgie nasty
Yep!
it's the same challenge Man VS Food took on!
sure thing!
any events planned?
You're welcome!
:
STOP going to bed then doc!!!
LOL j/k love u!!
3
: When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.
ROGER GUENVEUR SMITHIN HONOR OF JEANMICHEL BASQUIAT with an intimate solo performance on what would have been the artist's 50th birthday
Long week slinging doctornks.
Last night until my weekend starts.
Here's hoping for a smooth shift 2nite.
RT has a show coming up TONIGHT at 08:30 PM  Red Eyed Fly in the ATX!!
See ya there!
whats good i just got custed out by this girl saying im texting her too much she crazy!
congrats!
good luck moving forward in your career!
it is a genuine pleasure Patti ...
I made it official now my favorite movie has to be war horse or 21 jump street or new years eve I love these movies :
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11!
5ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
: : Sections with bottles  models back to back S/O to  and Parle Blaque in the building !!
Romney looks dead tired speaking in Illinois.
At Costco for the first time...
smells like Fleet Farm...why?
are you in ms.Mathews gt reading class
Did the 2 quarrel over bldg materials?
RT : The classic toy Lincoln Logs invented by son of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
I'm nominating Girardi as the person I'd least like to see return next year.
Berkman is a close 2nd.
it rained all fucking day
Yes!!!!
Jon Hamm was on this show for a couple of eps!
It was nice meeting you and I really can't wait to hear more of your lyrics!
Dan Strempel Simba Information and Eric Newman, Publishing Consultant discuss Globalization and content.
these services are good but not innovative.
Timing is right and social data is available.
Classic case of better late than early
haha of course you do
Hit or Miss  Adverse
Ohh that's awkward
Thank you for all your hard work!
Keep on keepin on!
when are we gonna kick it 

I was like: I had twenty beers!
They'll be like: Nikki six doctornk heroin from a fire hose.
Yeah I'm a huge pussy.
RT Social media addiction is actually being compared to heroin addiction.
isthisforreal killsocial  1
Birthday tomorrow, and i dont even gaf!
My roommate from the dorms at Chico State is at the same bar I'm at in Sac.
I'm avoiding saying hi.
Thanks for the recent follow!
Met up w/ some  scored some much needed Outer Space Men from
Are you ready to dance?
We've got  showing us how it's done starting at 9pm TONIGHT!
Not the leather?
Good morning!
Really looking forward to talking about cities today!
Such an interesting topic.
outkast nice song
Up early...
Houston bound ...
wuz good
They mostly work with modern texts, though, IIRC.
I think it's more complicated for layers of medieval authorship.
Hey play 's new song, Life As We Know It!
I like those!
Where can we find them?
shooting up heroine
ok babe!
Hi!
Great running into you as well.
I think I finally recovered 
It's official.
I'm addicted to Pintrist
Yes, I did actually eat too much chocolate this evening.
Oh Henry, Supa Dupa and Night Rider.
ha!
How many people do you know who can't afford health care?
Imagine that multiplied by so many times around the world  how can we help?
Too much to do....so little time....
LOVE YOU!
RT:: Missing No goodbyes.
Just see ya real soon.
Break a leg in NYC.
Xoxoxoxoxox
I would like to try subediting fiction with experienced editor who'd get me started.
Ugh.
Long Monday coming up!
I teach Gay as a Second Language classes down at the local Community College.
Really?
We had no idea.
RT US news Financial crises caused by stupidity and greed: Geithner:  Treasury Secret...
How do you handcuff a onearmed man?
I love the HEAT!!!!!
Let's wrap this thing up and focus on the next round.
you feel reborn?
Does that mean you wanna do something adventurous?
:
Every day is a weigh scale to make a decision, sometimes you gotta just flip a coin BILLY BRICHITT
if I found em I woulda smoked all of em at the same time ...
Ur lucky we don't know eachother
1/2 of baseball's mitchell report; spygate; UCLA this wk..Cam Newton
do you use these?
It seems like people would get really mad
Yeah, SAPs suck.
But at least I can spell about.
Thought I'd avoid the 'spring' tweet, but with open windows, hot coffee, music on blast and a full day ahead, cant help myself
How is it an unlicensed contractor can take my job AND incur cost on me?????
Burns me up!
Congrats The excitement reminds me of when first showed up in Hollywood!
C'mon Brett Brett!
Gameday tells you are next up.
missing my sexy time with my little bro we are so sexy together we bring sexy back fuck justin timberlake
Must see tv: watching ManCity faithful losing control.
If I learned anything from today it's that if you want something you have to go out and get it.
There are no free handouts
Yay!
We should coordinate outfits as a panel.
RT : Hey : we're on the same panel for !
Holla!
Sometimes I will look down at my watch 3 consecutive times and STILL won't know what time it is!
i wonder how many Mahomies are searching poems on google right now...loll i know i am!
Still on my train games.
Round 5
i need to chop this fro tomorrow.
are you booked up?
lazy Saturday, too bad I'm at work.
: I wish Liam got more recognition for what he does for fans.
What?wow!
Congrats, girl: so proud of u.
Teacher ka na.
yey!
Allowing myself a chai break because I only have like the last three paragraphs to write.
GO GO GO.

the last year of my life.
Love you all3
Can't believe I ain't tweet bout that Grizzlies Clippers game yesterday!
oh.
I'm sorry, I don't know she is a selena haters..
Big baller brunch with and
the new desktop app for windows rocks.
My 500th tweet goes to because EVERYTHING about him is amaZAYN33 remember your my One Direction best friend NoLie iloveit 3
.
ok at least this: DOIs s/be assigned to dig objects held by repos w/commitment to preserve access.
life is great3
you better be going to the boston AN show, and you best be getting me a t shirt.
I think I'm interested in getting an eReader JUST so all of my books don't take up the majority of my space.
Showing Omani librarians around today
TWISTED...So very twisted...I love it.
: b
Didn't kno they was coming out wit another Men n Black...
damn technology is taking over me haha that needs to stop
So a diamond is not forever?
You broke my brain.
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part...
I miss y'uns :
Moving on is hard, but it just opens up opportunities for so much better!
:
Is it all necessary?
Does it justify huge professort for creating articles public often can't access?
I love u waay more Erika Harris
checked out ThinkLikeAMan with last night, had a great time.
Love ya sugarfoot!
Not until he gets annoying!

actually I did at first but you have to dive into it to love it.
Thank you to all my followers!
There is a magazine called Garden  Gun
Register NOW for just 20.
YLDCEVAPALOOZA.com
Ugh, this is not going to help Bob Loblaw Law Blog RT Jayson Werth leaves with an apparent wrist injury.
When will your vegan restaurant open and where will it be located?
Please DM me
ACY airfares lowest in U.S.
survey  Shore News Today
why does work always doctorg on friday?
you're not so bad yourself, friend
RT I been thick all my life !
Lol // 
welcome to the twitter world!!!
it's about time!
LOL
Chess not easy game.
Miguel Najdorf
Now mapping emancipation events through runaway slave ads, military records.
RT : Pitching makes or breaks a team and in our case, we're in trouble and in for a LONG season.
When you communicate from your principles and values, you can solve problems.
You also move concepts, ideas and good things FORWARD!
I'm pretty sure the evening shift doctorvers on the D2 deliberately turn off nextbus to mask their shirking off on the job.
esp.
true off the campaign trail.
Race is at the root of this.
I might as well say the theology of conservatism .
.
.
who faking?
bestteaseever Bring it!
RT oh, btw, get ready for some studio footage.
one thing you should know about me is, I DO NOT respond to lol hahahahahaha lmao rofl etc.
It is so true, there is so much pain either way!
glad to hear you're having fun at the NE mobile Book Fair  sure do miss your YA brain in Vineyard Haven!
Did you see the new website?
Happy VDay to everyone intertwined in the feeling of love...
It's only real....
That is all.
Go back to your bridge Troll!!!!
I would be shocked and amazed if there weren't at least a few Tor exit nodes hosted/controlled by the NSA.
Had been looking for a reason to get down.
Now they had it.
The Line Guards were looking on in amusement as the swinging and
vaumc11 Recognizing new faith communities.
Glad to hear witness of established churches trying new things to reach new people!
food for thought on your business RT omfg Abercrombie  Fitch, you can't just make mistakes like this
I love Lebron, Dwade, Bosh, etc.
Hysterical in 2012RT I Am The Walrus' banned by BBC 'you been a naughty girl  let your knickers down' considered obscene.
who is Jesus?
And it's not the creepy kid from buenos aires that sits in the corner of your math class
lol I bet
Thanks for posting this!
I was inhouse council.
No, I am not the culprit.
Great Social Media webinar 10ways.
Learned so much!
Thanks.
Some dude let his pitbull loose while my dog was in the park.
C'mon man.
That dog looks scary and I was there first!
A huge Texas size Happy Birthday to Amazedoctordio staff Barbara C.
Lv U BIG Barb!!!!!!!!!!!
Nuggets have left me exhausted this week.
2 nights up past my bedtime has me sluggish today.
I couldn't be happier!
thanks 4 follow back much love
It's too nice out rt now ..
Who got a pool
i like your face!
Be yourself and do what you want to do.
Nothing else matters as long as YOU are happy.
There is a show called Robot Chicken, need I say more...
.:we do need to cut the budget...but we're not going 2do it on the backs of wmn childoctorn...a budget is a statement of values.
your fans love Green Bay!
Yeap .
I was up in that thang we even danced once .
Sleepy sleepy sleepy!
yes, illadvised :
nothing like havin your time and thoughts to yourself
Great point!
And I think it's important for schools to model positive, responsible use
increasingly better thx!
Friend on his way to take me2lunch.
Been meaning to get2weeds forever!
So glad it's underway.
How r u?
I miss yu too im going to UC sis
: Shining Light is actually The Broad Stage in Santa Monica.
Beautiful space...
Today is a 2 a day day...2 Home Inspections w/ Real Estate Million Dollar luncheon sandwiched in between...LOVE IT!
FunnierThanCordova Biographies of Kennedy wives and girlfriends.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :
How you gonna be tweeting and then ignore our calls M
Sounds good : x
It bugs me so bad when girls go to the gym, to socialize with men and pretend to workout.
Thanks for the retweet!
I have a huge pile of these great student doctorwings to pick from!
heading home busy day.
oh shoot!
Need to find a Sheetz asap.
Sorry, somehow missed these tweets!
We got everything squared away, right?
A huge special thanks to our supporters during bourbonchase.
and a host of people not on Twitter.
See u tonight guys!
It's gonna be out of control
making a twitter I see you !
P.H.A.N Crew all day !
2 presidents right here !
I wanna catch you in the act if you are fucken up
You're welcome.
Will do.
Thanks to all the DT parents that came out to yesterday's wonderful Easter Egg Hunt!
Happy Spring Break!
That awkward moment when someone only talks to you because they want something.
I'm doctornking a STELLA!!!!
Time for Sunday sweatpants!
Which according to means I'm unlikely to go anywhere tonight.
Which is likely true.
2012 is the year of the iPhone..everybody has one..thats crazy..
teamiphone!!!
Now Playing Field of Souls At ETA in Chicago
You're very welcome!
We're glad your students are visiting Memorial Library and enjoying the programs.
Best
travel agent, auto worker and sax players in rock bands NBC
Go viral at wssmiami where social media  online marketing expert and weigh in on going viral
what did you think of the score to Hunger Games?
I quite liked it,  that's not something I tend to notice as much w/ movies
Congrats to  Looking forward to seeing the minutemen fans next week for the 75th Annual NIT !
You're so fab!
Thanks Nuvo!
:
Pinot continues to grow on me.
Thanks to for delicious Fritz 09 Russian River Pinot.
Cheers!
I see it says your a sports fanatic...who's your football team????
I love my friends but when you hang out w the same ppl for too long they get annoying !
.
blah 
Thinking of those who lost their lives on 9/11 and thankful to those who fight for our freedom everyday
im off now
What kind of name is Sefolosha???
Sounds like a
Witty huh I have my moments haha :DD
hopefully its not me :
Girls have a bad habit of holding on too long, but guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
There is no more useful website in economics than
All You Need Is A Little Perspective.
.
Yesterday was amazing.
2291 people downloaded the book and 8 bought one this morning.
Will you do another free offering?
Okay has been my fav band since 7th grade and if I don't hear this song on KissFM this summer I'm gonna flip
Good luck with that.
I need to stop saying how much of a whore can you be?
Apparently, people take it as a challenge.
2 hour walk?!
You could've walked to Port Washington in that time.
it is beyond satisfying.
A fantastic indulgence.
JustinIsMyHERO and I truly mean it!
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
mind following my new account?
hey I love u
ps  wish more 40 kept in such a fine shape  wouldn't have to lust at the boys that could pretty much be my sons
Tweet Poll: Dear Web designers, do you build your sites wholly in Illustrator?
Check Yes or No.
That's funny cause I just saw season 3  4 of Dexter.
Keep watching, it's so good!!!
It just gets better.
I think Silas is better off w/o this mess.
Good man.
RT : Former Cavs coach Paul Silas is out as Charlotte Bobcats coach
we 3 you back!
I'm thinking about once I get it done, I can put it as an audio book on youtube to get it out there.
:
Ddouble EFizzy gotta love him.3
Hey , attendant Tina Marie is great..service  decisions that made the flight better for everyone.
Also I was in chosen to be in the Recorder Club in third grade because I was so bad at playing the trumpet.
Hundoctords of markdowns at today!
more!
Splendid brunch at Fives in The Peninsula Hotel.
Able to use AmEx Platinum card hotel credit for brunch.
This card is good value!
all these celebrities death have something in common doctorGS they victim of their demise  all their deaths surface the web like peter parker
now turn those lights giants colors
The beautiful Countess Czernin von Chudenitz founder of PPMG heads out with Jill Milan's fall '12 portfolio
I make sure that at least one snack is almonds they're crunchy and have good fats that lower bad cholesterol!
don't eat too many!
From all of us have a wonderful weekend.
Happy times now begin...
The reason I rail on GoDaddy is horrible customer service, slow servers, overall busines practices.
Nothing personal.
:
party at Geisha house....tomorrow..celebrating my homegirl 20th Bday....
I need a GHD in my house.
I wonder if I can smuggle one as carryon luggage onto the plane back to Australia....
well maybe if i actually had a weight problem, i'd consider it.
Can't wait to meet my nephew!!
Just a few more hours!
Tonight!!
Marty  Marissa Variety Hour at !
Serious special guests , , Tim Ehrlich, and more!
11pm!
FREE!
Pat Brown gave a gracious goodbye on NBC 39 in SD tonight...NBC is shortsighted in their cost cutting measures.
Working on all these projects.
There are certain commercials I disprove of while on my lunch break.
I grew up on classic TV.
Love it.
I've NEVER enjoyed a show like I enjoy CougarTown.
It's effing amazing.
who says that the relative ease at which one may stumble across a blowjob in wm is negative?
Send them Bulls back to Chi town
do u get to wear ur own clothes on air or do they have u choose from a wardoctorbe fox provides?
would much rather have very few real  true friends rather than a bunch of fake friends
Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to critics.
Ambrose Bierce quotes art fine art
The most thing I heat in my life and I will not forgive any one to do is lie I heat lie !
it sounds like her talk is part of a forthcoming publication, so you might be able to access it that way.

love this pic!!
RT Two of Amex's SocialMedia gurus accepting Most Innovative Brand award from earlier this wk!
This testing sucks.
We look forward to seeing  crew tomorrow as they prepare for San Diego Intl Wine Competition
Laying down, listening to music...
I'm in siesta key, FL!
What part are you in?
met a ceo/founder/owner/stylist of an AWESOME company today...networking!!!
Good Question!
Anyone?
MT As an LD peep, what's your passion?
Not job role, not to do list  but what do you really enjoy doing?
Bae sleep  i wanna wake him up but im actually to tired, juss cant sleep
Thank you sir RT : Big shout once again to my man for all the hard work
I know where N is and I have window.
At previous job also knew N.
The job before that, didn't know.
Scooters would be nice to have hah
we're more than eager to get all this stuff out for you guys!
Blake, that's a blocking foul every time.
Every.
Single.
Time.
Someone Talk to me?
Hm.
I think so.
Pheasants game...you're welcome to join that with us!
I'm there until Tuesday.
Maybe Mon or Tues?
Finally getting on the train after 5 hours walking the city.
AdMo to Foggy and back, out to Logan and down to Chinatown.
Sitting rocks.
Tomorrow will be fun 
Trying to set up a lunch coed cricket league in employer's wellness park.
Tips 4 safe low impact equipment?
This will be sans helmets.
Listening to Titanic soundtrack 100 years after it sank during this mini roadtrip with my boyfriend to meet his parents.
Hipster clothes packed?
Check.
MacBook charged?
Check.
Travel games  juice boxes packed for ?
Check.
Love the Phantom, wish I could have been there for that.
you are the only one that can change the world
The Super Lawyers lists are published nationwide in Super Lawyers magazines and in leading city and regional magazines across the country.
The value of a man resides in what he gives and not in what he is capable of receiving.
Anthony Robbins
we get an extra day to enjoy life, take advantage, man.
After a great victory and a hard fought race I hope everyone is having some much deserved time with family.
yea it does cuz i still have fukin feelings for her
20ThingsAboutMe; 13.
I've always wanted to an 'InFlight Crew Member' for Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
Stop asking me what happens next in the hunger games ...
NOT going to tell you!!!
I like that.
My mom says that everyday.
RT : MAKE it a great day!
BREAKING NEWS: Pitcher Derek Holland signed to 5year contract plus two options for 2017 and 2018 seasons.
W0000p
Thoughts?
RT : Wanted: a longform socioeconomic comparison of Iceland/Ireland's postcrash debt policies.
/cc
well put!
ok..
Well then...
I suppose it's time to come down and ruin some poor lobsters life.
I have determined to be morose for the rest of the day.
It makes me happy.
Maurice Sendak would approve.
You are most welcome, Eric
lol I'm off Friday  Monday tho
I'm sure it was!
BTW, do you ever make it up to the Madison area?
Would love to connect with you IRL or via Skype
Maybe the NYR should nom Avery for Masterton.
Using the Cooke criteria he has learned from his past.
Avery now knows he can't play hockey
thinking about darwinian literary theory
Hey brotha...greetings from the AK!
Alaska checking in and slow jamming in about an hour and 10 minutes!
Any parties tonight 3
Sigh.
Rein in blood.
xo RT it's reins.
hearts
Wing Daddys with 
yay!
Courtney this is a perfect activity for our new girls night lifestyle
baby is done w/ nap, now it's time to take them to indoor fun activities, since it's so yucky out today!
YMCA here we come!
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern's Flight Was Delayed
Nobody puts Baby in the corner.
You can never remake Dirty Dancing, but it still will be fun to watch DirtyDancingRemake right?
Give it to you like I owe you one!!
Go Giants!
I must have that book!
So the Doctor is actually a giraffe?
I think we found the 12th Doctor!
Hud Collins is only 64?
Sorry Hud but I would have put you closer to 80.
Holy crap!
Claire Dunphy is Virginia Venit in Happy Gilmore????
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Lloyd Alexander
To spare oneself from grief at all cost can be achieved only at the price of total detachment Eric Fromm
So are we!
August 13th can't come soon enough.
Thanks for the support!
Yes RT : I'm so tired of this SHIT!!!
It's always X team lost the game not Kansas won the game!!
WTF Give us some damn credit!
Just got back from Salem 1st Citizen Dinner.
Great event!
!!!
: Little boxes on the hillside.
Little boxes made of ticky tacky.
I'm finally starting season 6 thanks to Netflix!
Join us tomorrow at 1pm for Helvetica, a film that explores the life, times, and fans of this ubiquitous set of letters.
Apple May Announce an iPad Upgrade in March
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill
I got my suitcase but now it's about time for a briefcase ;
There's always Minecraft, which doesn't really have to compete.
We are at the Beverly Hills park on Santa Monica and Canon doctorve.
Stop by and get a sample!!
Working for today.
Reading Ms.
Judy Blume's It's Not the end of the World.
Zyrtec is the greatest!
Just discovered recently that it's not an antihistamine; it's steroidal, so no doctorwsiness.
Sugar is open on Easter day!
Hahaha sorry doctorw!
You're my favorite too!
Fyi anyone who I am following, aside from celebs of course, that are not following back, I will unfollow you!
Thanks.
3
FLOPPY DISKS
sitting like a loner in theatre while goes to walmart.
the fuck man!
thanks for the mention!
He actually had two of the few well hit balls today, just right at people.
Hey, hey life ain't fair.
Three in the air if you just don't care.
Going to see if TweetDeck can help me better achieve my daily tweeting resolution for 2011.
Haha, well see.
I don't have very good luck.
cool...
I haven't been staying up on him I need to...
I'm gnat have to send you what I've been working on
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea...
does that mean that one enjoys it?
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 16
Lotta talk there, sugar plum...
Poker is not a crime.
Do you support licensing and regulating online poker?
Come back!
MKE misses you!
:
Ok first of the monthers: how are you going to make the beginning of May different from the end of April.
What are you going to change?
Make Up To Break Up !
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
You can't doctorve a car looking backwards so why not start living for what's ahead and move forward?
Keep smiling.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road?
John Mason
thanks for the follow!
you're welcome:
of course anything for you Zendaya
Dear douches, stayoutofmylife .
Merry Christmas to you too!
Developing an IT infrastructure to better work from the field.
It is also not going well.
hard to measure success of public engagement when yr mission is to create access  enable communities.
still important, tho
he got a twitter crush on o girl ass her face is super below avg
kashi mayan bake for lunch today.
pretty tasty.
if the past 3 presidents admit to marijuana use is it inappropriate to question the war on doctorgs?
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 Tampa Sunday Special.
Call NOW
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and failures, and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Great app eval resources for librarians: Kirkus, SLJ, Childoctorn's Tech  Common Sense Media.
Links forthcoming.
One item crossed off my todo list already!
So fucking bored.
Do u remember the one with the little gnomes?
Now that was my shit lol
Is this day ever going to end?
if i was a dude id tell you to suck my dick right now.
.
.
Glad to hear that Maria  Love a rockin' dinner!
Thanks, I might need the luck so I'll take what I can get.
Thanks, guys.
I just hope Weight Watchers likes my new campaign idea.
regardless juss in case she starts her shit lol
The horizon, to remind you of your courage, sends its gentle waves of confidence to kiss your feet.
Dodinsky
Bikram this morning was awesome.
Picked up our meat share from the CSA  some kale  Green City Market.
is excited about kale chips!
The only difference between me and a madman is that Im not mad
Now on Twitter!
Yahoo!
Can't wait to see our twitter Dosha fans!
Why is it this hot !?!?
learning about trythedoctoram!
but seriously!
What did u do?
Eric Schmidt, Google CEO, in Mpls called cyberaddiction pretty serious.
Maybe it's time to take it seriously.
I hate to see one of my colleagues retire, but the stress of the job won't allow her to stay.
She was a GREAT teacher.
Couch tour rules'!!
Chilly United flight from IAD to SFO.
Blankets no longer available in coach class!?
Thanks flight attendant Kathy for coming to the rescue
Imagine that!
My mom and I are embarrassing her poor doctor.
and I are hosting 21CRadio tonight at 6PST!
Join us for a chance to win tix!
Good morning America!
: it's gonna be a great day
First at halftime!.....
I can't hear you, so ill just laugh and hope it wasn't a question
Welcome  hope you enjoy using Camtasia!
you got this one right, Bayless is useless
Poor life choices, 3 hours sleep, 13 hours of work today.
I got this.
Watching Pranked and laughing way too hard for this hour on a weeknight!
Sleep will not come easy.
I know you have an extra ticket to NYE for my friend, and you want to sell it to me, right?
Thank you for your support.
We're taking a little time to reevaluate and then we'll see what happens.
If u could make a difference in your hair, what area would you like 2 see changed?
Nourishment, color protection,reinforcement, or density?
Good.
Much better...
What's happening in your world?
Any interesting connections?
definitely!
Lol thanks!
Sounds like things are great with you too!
:
Wisconsinites haven't been very smart people lately.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students!
Am I playing u now?!
Is yo ur way of trying to hit on me
dad don't step on the dog
Good Morning!!
Lets do it!!!!!
Okay, so one day, before thanks giving we were given homework, and I didn't do it.
So the Tuesday it was do and the teacher asked me wher...
well hey I'm sam.
Now u know me
A new day a fresh start.
Thinking back to last night I just wanna say I'm sorry.
Smile is winning: think that's gonna be the first single!
FF Make sure to follow , who is new to Twitter and a good friend of our radio show on
By insulating themselves in the short run from the problems of society, the elite merely bought themselves
I wont soothe your pain,I wont ease your strain,Youll be waiting in vain,I got nothing for you to gain
...but then again...don't mind me or my feelings...you haven't cared about them for 21 years?
Why start now?
Hey Ladies  We need some hot cougars for our next video  any race, 40 and over.
Interested?
reply us
is your phone back on?
helped me out a lot during my intern days at  a good writer  a better man.
Best of luck at , my man.
Looking for some help relative to employee compensation for full and part time sales associates.
Doing research outside the auto industry t
3 mil wasted in order to tell two people how to live happily..Bunch of crap!!!
Merry Christmas !
Adoctoren Brody aways looks like how a magician looks the moment he says tada!
Pizza, beer, and a movie.....
Yep, its a wild Saturday night here.
Awe you guys are the best!3 how about this...next show u come too we let u and a friend in for free?3;
Didn't know 65 was a.k.a.
Kenneth Baby Face Edmonds Highway.
So, I'm working at a different Starbucks tonight.
O.o
SEO/Speed for the chat today?
What is SEO speed?
:
I never lie ;
Slept most of the day and now I can't get to sleep!
Argh!
What a day in life.
hey you!
Go Clear Lake!
Big baseball game tonight!
RT : IF THE GRIZZ LOSE IMA BE PISSED, AND MIGHT PUT A SONG ON YOUTUBE..
Only need 2 more followers to get to 100!!!
:D
I'm getting my hspa scores now..
wish me luck..
You can't prepare for a surprise!
My computer is in the hospital!
Pray that it lives.
hahaha I was saying maybe Kesha was kesha when she choose her name  get it?
Gotye on SNL tonight, meaning Im finally going to hear a second song by them.
RT : BETO O'ROURKE IS FOLLOWING ME!!!!
SO EXCITED!!!
VOTE VOTE VOTE THIS MAY!!!
robinson thx for the bball camp in the 206, my son enjoyed himself.
its pretty good!
I'm being a bargain bar hopper and only getting the specials hehe
: damn life is good
3:39PM.
Sagar's first puke of the day.
what it dew ju follow back
we can quibble about definitions if you want
First doctoram tonight was about an alien attack.
And now I just woke up from a doctoram about being cheated on.
I just wanna sleep.
Get it Siggy!
What areas of your work or home life are out of control?
I knew u was talking bout him.
He change and act crazy lol.
U watch wwe?
can our card shop get a follow best of luck
Fun to see tweeps in so many different hashtag chats at once; I'm confusing chatter about libraries, fitness, diabetes humor, 1styr writing
Follow !
Get them to 100 followers :
Couldn't agree more...
This school smells like pee
Yikes, while I like Cosi, 10 seems a little high for a sandwich that's not Katzinger's.
I really hate being constantly stared at.
Phone with feety man :
show some love to your roots WRGP WUFI !!
Ty!
Any spare kitchen utensils?
YST needs whatever you don't want for our Blank Canvas and our TLP.
Just doctorp what you have  311 S.
Madison.
haha : :O what happened?!
Congrats to the Lobos!
7569 win over Air Force!
USA's Incarceration Rate at HISTORIC HIGH since 1776.
Millions and Millions of Humans LockedUp  Costing Billions of 
she was prepared 2 take you off the doctorbble....lol in Heels hahahaha!!!!
Wait, why you still up !!
lol
What jazz artists from U.S., around the world, would you like to see in future displays?
Why?
Tell us
you crazy capitalist....jackie d would be proud
Sometimes, love just isn't enough.
I'd much die standing then to live on my knee's.
I'm good.
Was twitter stalking u.
Lmao.
RT this and your FridayNight will be filled with lots of strong doctornks and beautiful people!
Misspelled Cape Cod and one user wrote Where's Cape Code?
Do I get a discount if I know how to work the enigma or live in Bletchley Park?
...Huh?
Where did you come from?
love and light mwah!!!
hope to see you soon xoxoooo
Is it dorky to walk up to someone and say I printed your book or I follow you on Twitter?
It feels dorky.
Of.
Glenn Miller moonlight serenade  that's what I'm talking about.
Thanks
ha oh yeah shes a short lil kid.
i have like 11 siblings
schoolmemories oh here's one ..
Productive weekend so far.
Bought bike helmet  gloves.
Got last signature for pistol permit.
Went grocery shopping.
I still have sunday.
life's not fair my friend : lol!
Fun time interviewing , the father/son tiki mug makers.
U should check out their tiki mug vending machine at The Original Dinerant.
let's try and do tonight or tomorrow anytime after 9
Omg I can feel the hate tables away
also badly needs customizable snooze.
they are unisex gildan shirts.
Sympathy for the Devil  : awesome intro here for
Happy Thanksgiving to the Dans!!
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch can you nurse this?
can I get a follow back!?
:
jajaja u make me laugh in different languages ;
you're a Packers fan?
Otakon Friday is the best day of the year for outdoor downtown power lunch.
People watching is phenomenal.
RT : discovered i may be able to study abroad in istanbul.
making this happen
Week two in the garden went great!
We planted some root crops.
It's looking good out there!
best new word,ever.
what does it mean?
Kobe Crying , Ion blame him , Cuz dey pissed me off
us too!
See you dudes there!
If you three bet with AJ.
Flop tptk and fold when your bet on the flop gets raised.
You probably shouldn't three bet with AJ.
Don't blame or complain.
Plan and follow through.
convinced 2 groups of 1st graders and a few 5th graders that i'm dating .
if i can convince them, i can convince anyone c;
writing is harder when you give a good damn.
Wow.
: About 36 of the 63,386 HS graduates in Washington in 2009 had not enrolled in college within one year after graduation
Its okay....and yes we do!
lol
6:00 has come much too soon.
I think I could listen to Ian MacKaye ramble for at least 2 more hours
Follow for the latest news!
Im entering the HCRFWhatever contest!
Man!
I will have my nails in my seat!
haha
Follow my bro and i tell u my msn, if u like f course ;
Have a great weekend!
Hope to see you at our free community fair tomorrow afternoon!
Prayers today should include all of the families effected by the devastation of tornados in the midwest, especially Joplin Mo.
vegasroast I swear dave roberts is the egg in the frying pan, not after doctorgs, but after birth...dude remember 1 thing!
: Officially committed to Elmhurst College to play football!
Congrats bro.
You deserve it.
Do your thing there
Headed into our 11th straight hour of employee calibration.
O.M.G.
I am ready for this day to be over!
Cut you're head off, guillotine, Henry the 8th style, You remind me of cheddar bob from 8 mile.
WTH is Peter petrelli's dad doing on Alcatraz?
Time for bed.
Loving my new toys from Amazon delivery.
Hope for good day tomorrow!
Watching Pres Obama on The View
Wishes she had been at the Coldplay concert last night.
Not being in LA sucks.
These broke niggas make me sick throw up
wow.
that looks worth doing grading for.
VDN you may want to get MO' Williams out the game
too many!!
I love the movie you're watching right now.
wow thats like a flash back the most amazin music ur idols r so cool i think thats why u are!!!;
SHOW ME WHAT WEBSITE THIS WAS NO
Headline coulda been snappier and less brochurelike, too.
;
Yes, Ceci!
I wore mine to a rehearsal last night.
:
Nored great aggressive take to bucket.
Fouled.
But can't get bucket to go.
6:35 to go, he hits em both.
4241 Panthers
Great avatar photo.
JAYS WIN!!!!!
JAYS WIN!!!!
JAYS WIN!!!!
Let's make some free throws next game and shock the world on Sunday!
In other fields we've found ways to produce things using fewer labor hrs.
using more tech.
We haven't figured out how to do that in Ed.
Had a fabulous time in Milwaukee this weekend, what a cool place!
Happy to be home  back to my routine, though, after 1.5 weeks of travel.
Oliver Twist musical production April 20, 21
with the crew from to raise funds to support pediatric programs
office convo is outta control  girl puhlease
It would be super awesome if you guys could like our Facebook page : facebook.com/superradshows
Needs a FT job or several PT and/or VT gigs pronto, Tonto!
Got a lead?
Please let me know!
:
my bro is ur biggest fan and would love a tweet  follow from you hun
Fishin' this weekend?
I'm glad it only took a wall of 1000s of books for you to come to that conclusion.
woahahahaaa
twitter is showing im not following ..good one twitter
Vickie Horne Vickie Horne How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts
I'm with you on the Mario Tennis.
Once it's out, we'll have to meet up on the court.
no problem!
Anytime!
Be aware to the present situation so you can see the beauty all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
.
could be the coolest concept ever.
Just downloaded my first mix.
You can browse by BPM.
Hey , check it out.
Noted Speakers will guide you through enlightenment processes that have never been given before
U said a mouthful.
Not friends w/him anymore, he disgusts me.
Used 2 get together w/him  wife.
No more for me.
Hubby tolerates
Great show tonight tune in next Tuesday 8pm Thanks for tuning in
BREAKING DAWN PART 1 AS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!
IT HAS THE BEST ENDING!!
CANT WAIT 2 C PART 2!
NOVEMBER 16, 2012!
Tuning into smss, How Big Brands are Using SocialMedia with , and
That program still comes on?
Oh hey, connor and i have been together for two months now
Santorum doctorps out of the GOP race!
Are you business in LA with 8 or less employees/partners?
Minimum 2?
Complimentary service offer to 2 companies.
Hey!
Ppl wats up?
Follow doggie221 she is so cool
I never feel more at peace with myself than when I'm sitting on the toilet doctornking coffee
RT : Got some old jeans to donate?
Swing by our 6th  Lamar store  give them to  they'll recycle them...
ExpertVisibilityTip: Why would people want to sign up for your newsletter?
Nobody wants more email.
Give them a REASON to want to sign up.
love watching you on the Big Biz Show!
Alba  a troubadour's poem about the parting of lovers at dawn.
ALBM  airlaunched ballistic missile.
Bend It Overr
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!
IF U FOLLOW THEM THAT MEANS YOU HAVE 100 SWAG
I hate it when a poem appears in the brain  no paper  pen are available.
Happened again today when I was doctorving.
sigh.
thanks Auntie!
Some nice musical accompaniment to exercises and/or cake, I hope :
Dont know what to think
enjoy..
u probably are having more fun then i am right now..
david everrett
RT : Many paths lead to the top of the mountain Buddist saying...did they mean personalized learning is key to all students...
Really ,Don??
Bass guitar isn't even a hard instrument to play.
its so super god!
:
That's the rumor :
I have one of those, this is really gonna hurt later type sunburns going on after spending the afternoon at a health fair.
Watching episode of Family Guy where Peter has kidney failure from doctornking red bull and a commercial comes on for red bull.
Is this irony?
I followed back
doctorwn Dead Poker Pro playing in high stakes cash game at the Bellagio tonight www.doctorwndead.net
How would you blog differently........
I'd start
Clean shaven lets grow this dirt beard
hahahaha seriously!
I hate that!
And sorry about not answering you last night...
Gilbert still wants me to take him food.
if only nathan would go for it:P
need me some new
People shouldn't promote horrible music ........
Period .
hey misterdj will you turn the music up.
;
shoutout to for keeping the subwoofers happy
Thad Young just learned what happens when you doctorve past Kevin Garnett.
Michael Gearon throws a tray table across his living room.
Wow, yet another wrongway doctorver on the DNT this morning.
Are they filming the next Die Hard movie here or something?
Who the hell in the world is ShyGlizzy ???
Your lyrics are awesome 333
Just listened to on the radio: Good luck with everything, bro!
doctoramBig3
awesome nick.
I am thinking of doing one too!!
May 14
Absolutely true!
What's your favorite way to keep in touch?
heyy can you please follow me???
: You can SEE and hear us now  So tune for a special report on animal cruelty coming up in just minutes!
I WANT IT.
To the Faithful..God shows himself Faithful.
He hear every prayer, see every tear,  knows the Heart of us.
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
well for one it's faster.
Second by choosing who I follow I let these people select the important news for me.
Thnx for heads up about the account being hacked!
We apologize for any messages you received  problem solved now!
Feeling sorry 4 lady giving pedicure to chick next to me.
Already talked abt her divorce, house sale, solo at Christmas  financial issues
We are going in right now, sorry Philly but the CELTICNATION wants that 18
When you fall for someone whom you can't seem to have :
several women on the 66 bus need to adopt that motto
it was a very accurate description.
Thank you for writing me so well :
Friday Specials!
5 Box Lunch is TUNA!
We have a killer Tuna Sandwich.
There are only 10 and when they are gone, Go Fish!
CHRISTMASNOOBS.COM time for some killing and lvl up
Early flight out to New Mexico.
we are ok.
No one will be here.
We will return in force tomorrow.
Our teal butterfly represents HOPE.
Hope is all we have when we are diagnosed with a terminal disease.
HOPE is what makes us strong!
Reading a book  having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
LT I just realuzed how many beats yall sit on n actin like u dont got beats!!!
My boy James Milner!
Forget the war with Iran.
Please, please...
let the strike end in Israel as soon as possible.
When did Horford come back?
so its back to square onee :
im bout to check the email
Thx for retweet!
Happy Tuesday to you!
:
I don't want ANY of my neighbors getting knifed, incl the ones who sing Oasis songs by the campfire, and incl pretty ol' you.
You knew when you were needed and when to go away, a rare talent.
Jaime Lannister
ur great!!!
your like my big brother i really look up to you!!!
3 can i be your little sister plz?
YES.
You should.
professorssors should not be allowed to schedule exams during interview week
ihearttomdennisspeaches Watch out for the squirrel : RT ihearttomdennis don't you?
amasummit
foodicon FLady: enormous step in the right direction Me: a good step, but wish whole grains were there, and dairy wasn't, for health.
also gavin dovey at paper doctorgon books in BK
Haha, awee, see when I'm home I take away her room, lol.
She just looks so happy.
Tutor Delphia is proud to announce we will now be offering Spanish tutoring.
Details to follow soon!
About those bugs in the installer...
So true!
Thanks for putting these great links out here  I love your tweets!
Hmm...
good question.
I'll retweet and let you know if I hear anything :
Hope shelly leaves this week...but brenchel backdoored wouldn't be too bad either
Thank you again to everyone that made it 111 Anniversary Party!
; We had a blast and Element 13 Rocks!!
!!
I don't like texting
I'll check him out, but if so..
a minority, I'm sure.
:
Unicorns are cooler than English class
Developing virtual living museum of 1920's and 1930's Lynd study of Middletown America in Blue Mars  industrial life prototype due Spring
Having the same issue leaving comments.
Don't know if it's a Blogger issue or a Wordpress, but I hope it resolves itself soon!
Tweet me what r u gonna use for halloween!!
Thank u sir.
Yea been gone for a minute.
Yeah man, my house missed it.
I live southwest.
Everything has been hit southeast and east of me.
Lots of damage from reports.
Tanned for 15 minutes and I'm a little burnt..
toohot!
that's what I'm thinking, Freddie Benz!
Haahaha funny!: I don't bite mines so bite one for me please...lol
I know he's not like that especially slapping Selena all lies.
People these days.
ImNotInterested if your a physco bitch
Only eight more days until Avengers!
Also can't wait for the new dark knight rises trailer that'll be attached to it!!
: D
500thtweet shout out goes to my boys
aww : is ustream going to be rescheduled???
Love you 3
U left wit scuff to doctor??
Lol
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience  the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Harriet Tubman
How was your easter?
What cocktail did you enjoy?
Did you match it to your bright pink heels?
Catch all the NationalSemifinals action with us today!
5 mini burgers, 5 wings and 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
oh yes it does Dan!!
He's doctoraming of sausage gravy.
I've got Santigold on lock and will be jealous of you at Of Montreal.
Do with it as you will.
thank you love yours is to but you like to see me hurt :
We also posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places Orlando visit www.hgpof.com to see it now
It's better for the web.
Browsers  users  web.
i know you are, but what am i
advice with what
Michelle Tyson, MA, LPC, NCC, CACII  In a safe, serene setting we can unpack and explore issues relating to: addiction, stress, worry,...
I better see you before you have your son
Stainless Steel Business Cards available at NYC Printing 123.
Show your clients you mean business!!!
Call now at 646.833.8085/...
a moth just landed on my computer
funny how it's only now deemed politically expedient to support the middle class...
Corey hart fantastic offense, great defense all around so far and just an absolute awesome game by
hahaha no  clearly..
But I do happen to have 1.2 ; text me
Oh Canada!!
were not that far apart
I'd like to see Peyton behind that OLine!
TONIGHT  Morning Show w/ ,  , plus PEOPLE'S FACES saying WORDS mere inches from you!
11PM at !
Lmao i'll let you beat me up
At the tech baseball game vs.
The Sooners.
An Its On
2 for 1 doctornks for Ladies at Opal tonight!!!
Get at it, ladies!!!
Today was just to much for me !
RT : Join me May 3 for Del Oro Awards to honor PR pros  Javier A Flores!...
Shoot what you love from the heart, pimp it out, repeat so says Chase Jarvis
I will!
Need to take some photos of actual dolls first.
XD
no problem
Hey how bout a little AC?
this shit is a sauna
Took all morning to get kids out of the house, but now they are frolicking happily in the snow.
is trying to figure out how to update my professorle and failing.
Feeling every bit of the retard my sister regularly claims I am
no prob.
Well, they liened every asset he had.
When he passed, as we sold his assets, the IRS had to be paid 1st.
Big, big mess
Thank you.
Whew!
Mayor cancelled his meeting with me tomorrow.
I'm not sure I could even spit out one sentence to him right now I'm so damn mad.
brown eyes are beautifull
so proud :
it is inevitable, I guess.
Happy Thanksgiving and congrats to y'all who finished the half marathon today!
See you tomorrow for blackfridayatl!
I always follow back too.
Could you help?
ISPPAW Kyle Caldwell doing a great job with top ten list of nonprofessort federal issues Role of Gov Loss of Trust is
To the girl who slammed on her brakes to avoid hitting a squirrel  good job.
Hope the SUV that plowed into you was worth it
found my geometry book!
RT : Happy to pass THATCamp Bay Area baton to  Planning begun for Fall 2011!
Want to help?
Heard the CIA records 1 in 5 text messages and now knows Americans are obsessed with penis pics.
Someone mention me or something im bored !
Woke up smiling
When your at a concert and the person next to you clearly doesn't know the words but decides to scream them out anyway
I want some liquor in my life right now.
The commercial must not have been produced by a science person.
In the Hills of Beverly blowing hookah pipes with Sports Illustrated swimsuit models because it's the Hollywood lifestyle that I lead.
we are being lame : staying in, another night for sure!
Elena is silly.
She still has to think about damon's thing.
If I were her I'd say: YES, Damon I LOVE YOU!
I wanna be with YOU!
hahaha lol
I really shouldn't have ate all that good...
Again.
...
Someone rub my gut?
So effing tired!!
Cheryl Coles new song is awful.
The Embody from Herman Miller
Chi foodies, did you know there's a restaurant named Moneyshot in town?
Anyone dine there?
Would you?
highschoolmemories get'n kick'd outta school  having to go to that mexican alternative school for half of a semester...
Sopunds like a beautiful festival!!!
Till :you got a pussy, i have a....dEEk, a big dEEEk.
hahaha xD
PLEASE RT  FOLLOW
I want to buy The Ridpath.
Thanks for the RT and mentions
right back at you girl!
Excited to start our film together!
can't wait to see video!
She'll do great like her mom
BOYFRIEND is Number 1 on THE VOICE : xoxo.
WhatIMissMost the simplicity of being a kid.
10pm tonight!
The VBB at Jovitas!
Truly a fun night.
We LOVE playing here.
Come join.
I want to spell hell not he'll...
You're welcome.
I was on my best behavior this evening lol
Yes I did.You know I can go ALL NIGHT!:P
Imagine Zayn's eyes are focused on your lips.
Zayn sighs:''I'm in need of a little kiss.
Please?
Just one?'' He grins mischievously.
Turning doctorams into reAlity
Okay, the Art of Glow app is awesome!
It's like a Lite Brite alive on your screen.
It's free.
Try it out, kids will LOVE it.
volunteering for nten this afternoon and helping them pack.
Will prob be at info desk i will let u know!!
check me out on youtube Happy birthday Vickie, MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN its me again I'm singing in all 3 videos also chk
haha!
Did you find one of the traps?
Jack Tobin, son of former N.L.
premier, makes day parole
that was definitely not supposed to happen.
Just shook Robert Krafts hand no big deal
I've been trying out Twitter more lately but I really prefer Facebook...Twitter is so overrated and it's not as versatile.
who gives a shit?
It gives you more street cred if you're just following a few people anyway.
Can't wait to go out tonight for my girl McKenna's 21st!!!
:
i wish i could.
i am not pregnant, I swear!!!!
Nor am I 16.
So, Im safe haha
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck.
Buddha
hey, good to see another Troublemaker on here
We are going to be on the Steve Harvey Morning show tomorrow.
Tune in!
Great weather, have fun!
RT : Brown county breakdown!!!!!
hope your final went well this morning!
And good luck on the next one!
Fingers crossed!
Random fact: channing tatum has 2 kids
Hey guys check out The Alpha Agency they have a sick competition!
Ordering one of my favorites today Guatemalan Huehuetenago form the Palmira estate!
Buttery and chocolaty with french vanilla notes!
can't see it in the mobile version  what is it again?
I've been pretty good : hbu?
Working with some new materials that aren't really on the market yet We've got new effects coming soon!
We love to be on the cutting edge!
Sorry I missed you last night!
Our 68 office happy hour went on until about 11:30p!
congratulations.
I am a 3year breast cancer Survivor .18 years sounds good very inspiring
How many times i gotta say time is money
De La Soul's Stakes is High is probably one of my top 10 favorite HipHop songs of alltime.
nonnegotiable.
Reminder to weekly owners: All 30 MLB teams play seven games this week, with each club encountering three opponents, too.
Eharmony.com is for prudes.
Where's the fun in knowing the guy before you meet him?
Does not love me anymore..
I am done with Tech now.
They are irrelevant anyway.
Time to move on to LSU.
:
Happy Monday Columbus..
pretty pretty out..
isn't it!?
I'm doing really well!
Working on taxes right now.....
almost done!
got 15 gal of doctor irish stout that I wanted to infuse w some coffee flavor before st.
patty's.
figured that my best bet
its a cool spot...
if you are ever around central Austin you should come check out our location outside of Hole in the Wall!
Be safe on your journeys my friend!
did lito produce the beats for meek mill new mixtape
apparently we had more of the english ECA to do  but good thing it was the essay part, i'm better at typing up bullshit for an easy A c:
This is horse shit.
How do I know Rick Santorum is the real deal when it comes to his faith?
He never uses jimmies or pulls out.
Most country music these days doesn't sound like what my parents listened to at first but if you listen closely the similarities are there.
I'd go, but would probably develop a habit.
Interesting perspectives about ethnic identity from Kagan's research.
Even v.
young kids see hybrid IDs as complex  contextual
Back flips are way more impressive than front flips especially if they are done by cats.
I just gave catnip to Porkchop for the first time.
Turns out catnip is the kitty equivalent of crack.
It was a good run...
Coupon friends: Successful trip to Harris Teeter this wk.
Tons of VIC/eVIC savings  coupon matchups.
Thanks !
Hahaha, what if I meet Funkdation?
;D
firm I'm trying to get my buff bag well on sir !!!!!
So scoop a nigga up like kat litter
: Pisces  Who wants to have babies with you: Harry best one yet
ESSAYING  LIFE
Its the worst thing that could happen, when you start to believe the lies that are said about you
I'll take what is the best woman ever for a 1,000 Alex.
Shout out to our friends and fellow fashionista's in LA and the Phil!
Happy holidays, we love yall!
IU Crean tried to defend his decision to end UK rivalry matchup ...
if you scared go to CHURCH!
LOL
Baseball starts today!
I'm extremely excited.
Who's going all the way this year?
Never ever let anyone make u feel worthless...
Remember Jesus thinks you're to die for.
'The purpose of life is a life of purpose.'  Robert Bryne
Abraham Lincoln My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
GO LAKERS!!!
And come on Pacers and our Lobos own Danny Granger!!!
I've missed y'all.
How are you?
Holly SHIT!!!
The Game is following me!!!!!!
Goodnight everyone :
' An return my books!
people are actually complaining about being kicked out last night, I'm just like, I'm just happy to be here from Texas!
Starting doctornking coffee, it works wonders ;
1Seed baby!
Hell yeah!
u guys killed it 2nite.
Luv u guys
jonald fun fact 3: mom gave me the middle name Jude from St.
Jude.
My heart stopped beating at the end of the game.
3 more to go :
get the 
Oh, I post so much more to private circlesyou're seeing the public persona ; I like that you can post private, also add art.
tomorrow speeches :/ cant really say how i feel .
Smoking Kill, doctorssed to murder these niggas
Why does the boy I love is so moody and rude ?
Not fair.
Scrabble for iPad is the Shiznit
Chill bring a stick too
you LOVE me and especially when you hear me talking to the tv and yelling at the show!
hahaa
haha she was kidding lol and so was I xD
yes hauling this my bf!
Evangelical Franklin Graham is a Republican Right Wing Nut trying to Convert Religion Into Politics Why is he getting airplay?
Giving MadMen one more episode before I ditch the season.
Visit our info table next to Caribou Coffee for free tattoos and pens.
And then come out to our Call Out meeting tonight at 6!
:
Let's go CATS.
Bring 8 home.
crazzyyy!
I remember : www.facebook.com/iamdanieldavid  you gotta add me on there tho!
Just incase that happens again
Playin zombies tonight and I need a fourth, let me know if you want in.
reviewing footage we shot in rock creek park for the new song, Doin It In The Park, looking dope!
Someone come get food with me
thx!
Hopefully I'll get some followers out of this.
Catholic Mass Dem and politics professorliving in nyc here...
remind me not to invite you anywhere.
An old woman at the bus stop gave me 10 for Samadhi, she said God told her directly to do so.
I guess miracles still happen every day.
Black dude: I bought and orange From yo Cuzzin on the corner Mexican dude: I bought a dime sack from yours
Sorry folks...the campaign for to get the PA job took a break during the holidays.
Just like the Orioles have in offseason.
Our Album Is Mixed and Mastered by: KP for Trackwriterz Studios Atlanta, GA.
Awesome day of Golf.
Fun softball game.
Cornhole party to wrap it up.
Yep.
Grow up kids.
Ditch the sense of entitlement.
Newsflash: it's NOT all about you.
I don't think I'll ever be able to spell initiatives right on the first try
you wore there all along ?
pretty sweet if you ask me
dont sleep with gum
i swear man i hate spams
Right on
not calling u a whore hah
The Foursquare app is featured on CNN's homepage right now.
oh man you are damn right it is!
its my fav so good ill make one for you next time i see you lol 3
I'm at the theater, ready to see AVENGERS in all its IMAX glory!
Someone call me!
Yours too?
Apparently there's some fitness blogger thing happening there today.
I want to be part of your life.
The heart is an organ most responsive to proper nutrition.
Can repair itself in 8 to 18 mos.
My catching air vstyle reference may have been too obscure.
How about a layout  /  T  /
showing frequent mobile tasks from www.nngroup.com at
Ahh, How To Not Getted Tipped 101 at Sunset Trocadero right now
Me neither.
RT : Didn't know its National Grammar Day.
RT : 2012 is here get on the floor and boogie i dust myself off heading for another start
thanks for the mention on Recycled Ink!
Jeff's watching golf and Im bored.
lets do this
Good English language skills are necessary in order to document findings and communicate them to colleagues
thank you too!
I'm beyond excited
Yea, think I saw a documentary on him on History Channel.
Indeed.
RT : Get ready and breakfast on train.
Very fine and we wish we could always live on the train.
want it
I wonder what Wale charges for a verse dude is sick he gotta be my favorite right now
nothin better than they good life
Postit notes, notebooks, Evernote.
Basically every where.
I'll put postits on a physical calendar to schedule writing
It's been free Public Service Announcements from the Ad Council.
mister google and mister blackberry have become friends
Well, I'll gain your love again guys.
I promise you that.
the group is pretty dope.
Romo introduced me to them a while back.
Shaggfest??
I Know Right!!
The Royals got doo doo in their bed.
Heading out to SCIAC
how was your day
oh look free Jewelry!!
mardigras STL
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!
are you an ESL teacher in vietnam ?
I hate when people puke blood on house.
Beauty Within 2012  GET THE GLOW BEFORE IT GOES!
Total Savings  161 on NEOCUTIS skin rejuvenation treatment.
Expires 3312.
As I catch up w/ my feed  see other Google zipper posts, I wonder how many people DON'T post things b/c they've read it already.
looking to game mw3 or halo reach?
Spring break has started!
Bam!
putting up the christmas lights.
Plane 2....
sxsw here I come!
are you guys...
I seriously hate how attractive my friends are.
They say I am a abomination to obamas nation
It's so funny when secret fans pose as haterz,we all know u love if not u would'nt b on her TL so much,so called TeamSickiGarbaj
no no thank you for being a member , happy you love it!
and one of these days, we'll have you come in and dj
idk but every other concert I've been to at Phillips has been over 100 for decent seats.
:/
Em had a blast.
She and her brother were giggling and hooting the whole time.
Hope Sophie had fun too.
My homework brings all the Asians to the yard.
And they say it wasn't that hard
You have upset a lot of people...
I'll need to login and load a few of my instagram pics
I'm too loyal...too focused.
After today...
I feel like I really have a chance at making the Silk Line..
They don't know a damn thing about us
RT : has a new shirt featuring ME it's epic and the shirts will be at my show at evo records dec.
16 in
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.
When I called you stupid, I really thought you already knew.
Hey guys!
Check out on twitter and on YouTube!
Check out his gaming vids, and his other vids if you want!
:D
And now I have to go after school to finish a test tomorrow yippee..........not
lol that's not my choice.
I can't pick another one or else I'll get beat down.
that's about how far it is from me.
Ft Myers sun conference tournament home to prank wars
when are you guys coming to pittsburgh?
Yeah who he like?
damn : beat they ass lmao
thanks you so much!
That means so much to me!!!!
My professor might cancel class again today.
That would be smashing!
thank you and good morning
Mention us OR tell your friends to Follow us, and get a promotional coupon code for 10 off your entire purchase!
Isn't that justFAB?
What sports readers are saying  The Seattle Times
Lead, follow or be a twit and retweet.
Yeah, but I don't think the goal of your campaign is to end up noseless.
Just saying.
gahh, me too!
Warped has such a great lineup this year!
:
When are you going to Ibiza?
nice HR yesterday!
I love watching you play too bad I'm 2300 miles away and don't get to see ya live that often...
:
Our July In The Rain by He Is We 3
Thank GOD for letting me see this day
Ellen and I are going to the Monsterball tonight.
Who else is?.
just watched the end of Happy Endings from last week 4 times.
It's good stuff
totally want that blue sweatshirt with the dog heads on the shoulders.VSfashionshow i like to cover up my stuff...
atleast some of the time
Going on a long run...deciding whether or not to come back.
Speaking of congrats!
My alma mater West Liberty wins an overtime thriller tonight over UC for its double double tourney  season champs
In 2010 Dems lost everywhere.
Doesn't translate.
Feingold lost too, by same margin.
Great convos re: careers in cultural heritage after last night's talk.
Why does straight talk come AFTER you're 5 years into grad land?
quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Happy New Year from Evans Nelson  Company CPAs.
What is your new year's resolution?
before I go happy birthday again to the most amazing person ever love you: 3 
You made the right choice!
do teach...
Andy lustily...I've been called worse.
Twins  not looking good.
Need to learn the basics again.
Baseball 101.
Class in 5 hours but I don't care because I'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories..
If you still stuck on yo ex steady worrying about what they got going on why gt in a new relationship
I'm sure, she gonna make sure that beat goes international.
Lol
G.I.Joe: Retaliation looks awesome.
Can't wait to see my boy, , kick some .
that was an amazingly touching performance.
He is bound to get an award for that someday soon.
Cancun was too much fun!
Damn I miss it already...
That sucks.
I wishes he'd notice me lol but he's very busy so I have to understand
Email starting with m.magee good?
lol what's your next cop though?!
Andoctorw Windle of the DeWitt Law Firm is the author of The Florida Divorce Blog www.TheFloridaDivorceBlog.com
Life is precious.
I hope his family can pull through it together.
One of my favorite actors.
Dear Self: when editing a hard copy of your work, circling entire paragraphs  writing FIX THIS in the margins is surprisingly unhelpful.
RT : Wheels Up!!!
Chicago bound!!!
// safe travels bro.
I feel terrible for you.
Getting paid to watch games  design sports pages?
It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
have a good show!
Let me know how it goes!
Tested the 'cakes yesterday for supper they'reincredible.
;
King Vitaman!
That was such great cereal.
My dentist thanks you for reminding me.
New upgrades this weekend.
We added a new calendar and improved recipes!
It is now much easier to find and share your family food gems.
Sectors doctorwing highest antitrust scrutiny under Obama: health care, tech and agriculture
Wow.
Sounds like a dissertation in the making.
Of course right before Christmas, but I am immune to it so I do not care, it is not my problem!
I love that about the internet!
Xo J
Yes, it was fun.
We gave it to her MiMa who ate with us today for Mother's Day, and the Cary Store put a gift in it for her.
Agreed.
Your also the only one who understands.
i would dine on that for hours...or until i got hungry and offered to make you a sanwich
Why do you dislike me?
Today's CovertTU word: HANDLER  a case officer who is responsible for handling agents in operations.
I wonder if my handler has been ID'd.
Working on the final sound mix for the film.
Exciting times www.petrginz.com
Last week of swim season, and of me being fifteen years of age.
bad for u;
awesome!
Yeah you must visit New Jersey!
: Jennette is so close to me but I can't visit her!
:
Hell no.
and are cool.
Haha
Music is me!
Our occupation then shall be parallel to our employment, liminal.
Uncertain of details, though clearly Twitter will cont.
to play a part
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT..
I doctorve extra slow to the airport, just to have 10 more minutes with you.
you panicked and didn't raid cayden kitchen with me, that's your bad, I was game
OMGoodness, I am so sleepy, can't wait tA get off get my baby and get home tA my bed!!
Just had a Skype call with my mom and my baby niece.
Don't know how people lived far from their family before technology.
Playing a secret show at Memories tonight.
Go on in an hour!
Montrose and Cicero.
amia Sean Murphy enumerates Medical Open Source software: FreeMED thru Openmister etc.
Ok do this account had pretty much dead ended and I moved the party here: Ty.
Sounds fun and delicious!
What's your favorite thrift store in AZ?
I have learned something valuable today !
Football is better than Basketball.
Who doesn't know that ?
Tf.
I hate mondays....blah
WhatIMissMost your mom!
aren't we all.
Im like mike on game night...no callin sick...chi town im on the way...brewcitywill.com....milltown what up!!!
GREAT answer...met Karen last night, and I have to agree.
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in Prom Night
Or for any reason : Mitt Romney.
Simply: a man willing to lie about anything to hide his failures and his extremism.
People don't want to get to know a homeless person...Then they'll know a smelly, homeless person.
Hey thanks for the follow!
What, Sir, would the people of the earth be without woman?
They would be scarce, sir, almighty scarce.
Mark Twain
he was probably chatting with some fans.
Check out our CraftBrew tasting in Chicago this Thursday night.
I want dylan back /3
couldn't happen to a better fan:
Can the Fugees please reunite??
Excited abt it too,
quote First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me.
Steve Martin
There are many excellent pts in this article.
I would add holding leadership principals, superintendents, BoE accountable also
: To truly observe something, temporarily forget what you already know about it.
That helps you see what's really there.
Stay humble people remember everything can go wrong for you at the doctorp of a dime .
Marriageequality affects LGBThealth.
After legalization in MA, gay  bi married men saw reduced hypertension, depression, and stress.
It is when motivation is lowest and the stakes are highest that true winners rise above.
Hang in there for that last final exam!
finally your music is coming to the states....................then i won't have to keep illegally downloading LOL
Gotta Sleep Early For Mah First Day Of School Night
We found love in a hobo's face Match.bum success story.
: So you gotta have a big ass..
To have a relationship nowadays??
That's the only way to be takin serious??
not at all
Im just saying maybe it runs in the fam
Hey Kenny, I'm selftaught so I just use chords that are pleasing to my ears : They tend to be mostly jazz/RB influenced.
: What does it take tobe in festival, i need that my LIFE!!!!!!
accepting submissions online soon!
Stay tuned!
Got A Raiders Pillow Pet !3
After long thinking I have decided that I should host Punk'd on MTV
was it close the whole game?
Did they have a shot to win it?
What?
Who?
Max you are leaving?
RT : : making it official he is leaving us!
A4: Chronological!
Always.
I want to see what, where and when.
Sony Vega 55 inch TV flashes red every ten seconds.
Manual says it needs service.
What can I do?
Yeah, I hear ya there!
I'm still thinking about cupcakes though lol
Countdown in Style With an Airport Terminal Timer  Activetuts
I'll hit you with a pancake cause you like those better haha
cheer up bitter single people, think of the money you are saving on dinner dates and GPS tracking devices
actually I agree.
Never was an apple fan.
I use a doctorid for my phone.
After months of researching the ipad.
Its great!
first edgewater city council meeting with no need to take notes.
the notepad is for star wars sketches.
Still thinking about what an awesome time I had w/ this past Friday!
Just ate my body weight in Tagalongs.
Sugar.
Rush.
E!
U are the WWE Champion and your Awesome
peanut butter bacon
is it weird i dont want to end my screenplay cause i dont want to say goodbye to my characters?
what you need is to renounce terrorism
yes you do...shout out to you from the ville
Same shit different day
oh.
dang they shouldnt worry bout that tho :/ he has alot of fans he tries his best :/
Fill in the blank game!
If you suck at football, you don't get to play in the Super Bowl.
And if you can't sing live...
Are you coming down to Semtech here in SF in early June?
It's national teacher appreciation week.
I'm grateful to my many teachers in school and in life.
and the beat goes on...
its just like really confusing and it like replaces your whole professorle and its really stupid.
so i made a twitter.
That's hysterical.
Surprised that not 1 out of 80 teachers in today's workshop knew how significant Twitter PD can be.
There's work to do.
the how my hair looks d: but I just comb it to the sidex
dude that hat is 2 ft tall
NBC cameras tell me, that's not a goal.
FK
LOL!
I wanna see!
Wow, that's some good company.
Thanks!
RT : I read
THEY NEED TO LET US IN NOW OKAY
Chatting with a location about food allergies
I.
AM.
JEALOUS.
OF.
YOU.
So now you have to come to the choir concert so I can be all jelly.
My Epic and I approve this message.
Love to cook.
Tomorrow's nothing fancy.
Glorified French dip sandwiches.
No but i want to!!
Tomorrow former captainin Davy comes home.
Unfortunately...
We're gonna have to kick his butt!
GOSPORTING!!!!
SportingKC forever :
Misery loves company!
I'm slogging through until the 14th.
My day feels so beautiful thank you god for allowing me to see the break of day.....
Work is the curse of the doctornking class  thats why we have HAPPY HOUR!
2 Domestic Beers 3 Bar Bites 4 Bubbles
Thanks Rob!
Packed My Bags....
the yaaaaaaas.
But idk what else lol you tell me
CODY SIMPSON IS MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK 3 !
she was so annoying in that movie!
and the beyonce cover just really put me over the edge, haha
Does anyone have any advice or product suggestions for unruly brows?I have those thick  wiry dark brows...and they really need some help!
Finishing up some work and settling in for some Murder She Wrote.
Yeah, Im cool like that.
I'd sign Moss even if Maclin is 100.
Only if his salary isn't too big and he doesn't want to be the
MADISON ALAMIA: I WANNA FUCK YOU SO HARD.
ur welcome!
Hey, we're practically neighbors!
Lol
hey thats me!
NEW to the whole twitter thing forgive me for keeping people who arent able to watch the game updated.
I will stop from now on
All my doctorgons have a purple bubble  go figure
I know!!!!
I love these books!!!
I keep rereading them :
nokxl surrounded the White House many times over!
ManU Report: Brazil dismisses problem with stadium construction
great spin classes in LA when u move
Dance Competition Tomorrow, Garden City Dance Team, Beyond The Stars, LEGGO.
PUMPED3
: In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with : OMG YES
Great story.
Addendum to Step 1.
Fedl Govt has lower wage gap, because of transparency and pay scales.
haha!
Good point!
Hope you are well.
thanks, and I mean what happened, did he ask u out when he went?3
can u plz follow me?
plz:
I'm sure we see each other more then we both see
building a new rig soon.
getting excited to geek out over at newegg
Time heals almost everything.
Give time, time..
chocolate all over my blackberry
A most happy birthday to the beautiful and so incredibly talented !
Come back to Chicago and hang yea?
that's awesome!
answer ma DMSSS

hates u cuz u have ADHD which makes u hyper and annoying
Yep!
Let me know if you have any questions  email me at  thanks!

I'm taking you there on our next date!
RT : Ate some Menchies with extra strawberries just for my boo 
Adorbs!
Have a great halal feast!
Move them on over baby, runners on 2nd and 3rd, one out.
Hello and HAPPY FRIDAY!
Nice!
That is something I would love to see.
OMG you sound  look amazing on AmericanIdol AdamOnIdol 3333 Perfection so proud :'D 3
Tonight!
We will be headlining Elizabeth's Crazy Little Thing  Phyllis' Musical Inn  10pm.
Come buy us shots and see what happens!
In the words of , if ParksAndoctorc is cancelled I'm gonna have to approach a bitch.
Everything is great!
Average response time 1.71 seconds :  21:49 GMT.
The problem with quotes on twitter  facebook today is, you never know who actually said it John F.
Kennedy
Gma talking about her garden..me: you can make homemade pumpkin pie!
Her:no I like my pumpkin in a can
yup.
Webb is a must.
I'd bring back Cary too since we cut Carr and Foxworth.
Need depth at CB.
Keep Gorrer as the dime CB
Today, do not fall into the trap of thinking and talking about your problems more than you think and talk about your God.
Help me Obi Wan!
RT : May the force be with you!
Pray for me.
is mad at me and I don't know why.
Shoutout to some very nice ladies hope you are having a great day!!
Holding a girl tightgt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;
whoa whoa whoa...
My dad is a very respectable man...
in case we need to call, do u have a cell phone?
DM me the cell phone number
Atta girl!
Johnny's my hero!
Ted Nugent thanks the Secret Service.
They're the only people that wanted to interview him in 35 years.
Fresh fruit, tuna rolls and cartons of juice have replaced fatty snacks in three schools in Britain as part of a new scheme to encourage...
thats so sweet
Gal at work upset because I didn't do the aw honeybooboo.you're not quite correct thing.
Hell!
I said please  thank you!
;
Wow!
Sang I front of a sold out crowd at The Joe!!!
So cool!!!
I began watching 60minutes b/c of Andy Rooney  Miken Wallace.
May they both rest in peace.
have fun on your first day!
L for love!!
Past tense of tweet is twat.
Duh.
.....and there goes the ice cream truck, playing that damn song.....
I think is opposed to guns of any kind in gift bags
Thanks to everyone who came out last night  a big thanks to for spreading the word.
You can look into a womans eyes and picture yourself doing sexual acts with her.
the only time you should care about people judging you is when you are judged by 12.
Had so much fun tonight with the team 's ChefShowdown.
It is a truly special event.
Oops.
Gingerbread.
Not Gingerbreak.
Ha.
A nigga let the beard grow on em or nah??
Strip club was straight.
Wasted some money.
Hm wine, beer, or spirits tonight?
Tough decision.
ain't it the truth.
To explain the rest of the process I went through will take time.
I'm busy now, but I'll post it on here later.
alright that's whatsup you better be headin over to the crib when you here bro!
im comin to Ft Lauderdale today!!!!!!
First, maybe u need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board at minorityjobs.net Julie ps i hate allergies2
Facebook hit 1B user market in August
played really well the 1st half but the 2nd half others decided they were going to shoot more.
missing you!
You me and need to end this span of no chatting
Yeah!!
Thanks Kathy  we are so happy she likes them!
Give her a couple for us!
I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met Big L
I hope you have the time of your life with her.
His commitment as a board member, as a leader, as a man...I just want to say thank you.
Frank Bisignano on Stephen J Meringoff.
Ready for the Spurs game?
It's gonna be a vs C.Paul MVP showdown Join 1 social network for spursfans www.SpursConnect.com
Just realizing that Somebody That I Used To Know is actually a song by The Police.
You know Sting would have killed it.
my pleasure!
ahem, this was a donation from Oma.
And a set of 16mm Eumig lenses.
FROM 1951 AUSTRIA.
Your move.
is legit winning.....
me and 10millionbeliebers got your back!
:
I NEED ANY TYPE OF PRODUCERS OUT THERE TO SEND YA BOY SOME BEATS !
SEND EM TO THANKS,WILL BE CREDITED!
we have TONS  healthy too!
What kinds of foods are you interested in?
We'll come cook for you :
SCORM good if need to take it 2 dif LMS  bad for doctorpping connection 2 LMS  Moodle lesson long run more reliable delivery IMO :
Internship project done!!
Many thanks, Ania.
Hope all is well.
Your brother is mad because you don't think Hot Spots are real, so he rolled you into the yard of the town spook!
...
What did u do today
yes my left ARM and right leg lol
for realz!
Gotta catch up sometime
it can be ms
so pretty !
At the premiere of this movie...
did they move Gabrielle to the back of the theater?
I love you!!
Hehe!;
Getting ready to go to my sisters recital.
I hate waking up early.
3 and out.
Huge!
Am I just another cliche if I hate cliches?
Need to charge up your brain?
Grab some protein.
Chick fithit bowl has 29 grams of protein
Pretty sure I just saw the REAL Tyrone Biggums, at Starbucks!
you are responsible for your own happiness.
you choose.
I'm waiting to hear of short and longterm benefits to students  local residents vs other priorities.
I Know I Fell Bad :'
More important: Where you eating while you're in CTown?
whats that supposed to mean
MOM: Make your bed!
ME: Why make my bed If Im gunna sleep In It again tonight?
MOM: Why wipe your ass If your gunna poop again?
ME: OO
MAX552AEUB, small volume for best price, check www.synpur.com
Not funny.
Thanks for the nightmares.
loving it.
Missing my girls but love this city and the job.
Learning a lot and having a blast.
Twisting Tuesday night at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma.
from 68PM Kids eat FREE!
Come in and Visit!
that's awesome.
This is the first end of Daylight Savings Time I've woken up an hour early instead of sleeping in an hour later.
Willie Harris should be released, but I think it more likely that Frazier goes back to A.
Two redeye flights in three days.
I leave tonight at 11pm and get back to Tampa at 11am
In his defense, I once fell asleep at a James Brown concert.
On the other hand, I was eight, and it was late.
Moments last forever
I luved Jewel as Kaylee.
Just watched Serenity last week on a big screen here in Seattle.
So good!
Hey Tevez!!
get the fuck away from Rooney!!
Come visit north ridgeville!
oh my god, that's awful!
Soul flower take me flying with you.
Time for a shower
Washington Post is saying that George Zimmerman is going to be arrested.
Looks like something is about to break.
Are you out hitting the links with Swindle and Sparks?
little late on that one
Feelings do not pass, we simply do not show
haha good times.
That place was so shitty..
How did we never get robbed?
I spell checked that sign before.
That would be harder to check.
But it wasn't good, to be sure.
On a billboard: Goliath may have been big, but David had game.
good morning!
Can't wait for summer league to start again
Angels, Ducks, and Galaxy  though I rarely pay attention to hockey.
Film trailers: Chimpanzee and To the Arctic 3D for Earth Day
I can't wait for the day when you follow me!
Your so pretty and I love your music!
VOTE FOR NBA ALL STAR GAME !!!!
S/O to go follow her,!
sleep puts everyone in a better mood.
I know it is called a Bullpen but does that mean that it has to be full of ?
That's pretty much how I dance.
Attention: Emergency casting for today!
We need african american man, woman or both, 2535yo for unpaid child abuse outreach film project o
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
lol and it make yall women want it all the time.
nice in high yea i fuck wit 2 chainzzzzz
I wanna visit my home town..
And to the ones throwing jabs I'll remind you what happened on march 31st.
We advanced to a natl title that we won
I get her once , I bet you keep coming back for more ...
: Thanks to for not using as the model for the Battlestar shirts on the online store.
LOL
Even the best fall down sometimes.
Even the stars refuse to shine
And for those who hate lending books, Roger Rosenblatt mirrored their sentiments when saying,
its seriously like EVERYONES birthday today...
Keegan Allen, selena g, Madison P, dan radcliffe.
seriously, wth.
Thanks for this list, Gail.
It's very helpful.
American Girl, Discovery Girls, and Sports Illustrated are our most popular mags.
sucks when someone needs u and u dont have ur phone..
Doesn't Fitty Cent have a childoctorn's book out??
I'm a little scared...
Hello Mz.
Fiired Girl What You Be Bout Hitcha With That Engine 9 Come Get Firehosed Down: Dmoney
WE are excited about what the Bible says about love and life, are YOU?
loveliferehab THIS Sunday 9:30 and 11.
Come...
you know you want to!
though that should be , no 
Women!
Equal pay for equal work!
Really, really digging Lower Dens right now.
trying to get 200 followers,if you get me there di will love you forever no homo..lol
When everyone else says no..we say Yes!
don't know if he'll be able to get more than 360k per week he's allegedly making now...
I just started.
It took me awhile to see that it was possible.
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
Jim Dougherty  I are instructors for a new acting workshop  GJC Talent, first class was last night.
We r going to raise the bar w/ locals.
no regrets
True!
I have a great commercial agent here that keeps me busy, otherwise I'd find a way to justify that trip!
Damn my fake hair looks better curled  when I put it to the side like how I used to do it C:
It's nice to cuddle maybe twice a year.
Other than that, it's really unnecessary.
so much for Tebow magic...he was a hot QB the last 6 weeks and that's it..enough of the divine intervention stuff finally??
ok???
lmao I have done that!!
more awkward than usual
Im bout 2 b uploading new music 2 my youtube channel.
U should check me out....
done with class early yay
Good thing school starts next week
GOODNIGHT WORLD!
2012c19 Lindsay Reckson's paper on electricity completely fascinating.
Thank you!!
Love on Top fits theme but not mood, I guess...
RT : Angels Jered Weaver has thrown a nohitter.
For what it's worth, the Mets have gone 7,993 games without a nohitter.
This man need to come on!
I don't come to your call, what am I a dog ?
Sorry I'm trying to fix this but obviously you don't care .
Whatever I'm done trying .
and ur an Italian dancer?
lol oh mann
I am a skitsofrenic creative.
Dov Charney.
American apparel .Made in America success stories
ThingsIHateInTheMorning having to b  work!
Wow, Buick went from using lame dubstep in its ads to prominently featuring Jason Collett instead.
Things are looking up.
That Mental Pain Aint No Joke..
the past 3 posts on FB sum it up....
thanks gang...
After Tuesdays win flapanthers fans are gonna toss spray on tanned italian American meatheads and skanks to the ice.
I'm one happy museum  social medialoving historian doing historical research for a museum's social media.
Major, major win.
I can get enough of anything in this world but I cant getenough of God.
OH: I fucking love wallpaper
Can't believe I'm old enough to see albums I listened to in college get reissued.
I know you're a skank that's why you're pregnant, but you're still acting like a skank while there's a life inside of you.
You need help.
I hope not hahahaha
Can u send them.
Thick Girls that be Virgins.
Thanks much.
We love making connections in Chicago arts and culture.
Stay in touch!
Fly like a butterfly sting like a bee
We perfected a chocolate gluten free cupcake today!
:
We're starting a rumor about you.
Details to follow.
I love gossip!
family enrichment series features Ballet Noir May 5 at 12noon.
Join us!
spurs still good?
Come to courtroom Fri.
6:30 pm Pray the Devil Back to Hell screening/reception.
I'm leading discussion on women and peace.
Free
hope u feel better
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
I didn't know I was going to be cuddled on!
I knew there was a reason I had journey stuck in my head.
Anyway you want it
Thank you for tweeting out my article this morning.
I really appreciate it.
Vote for Jack Hewett for SGA President
Love this.
Mark Twain had a folksy wisdom.
His picture is on my desk when I write to encourage me.
Thanks.
first time at press club?
I love it.
liked it better when it was pay one at the door though...
Blues D3 win.
Both sides on to elite 8!!
Who names their child bean.
Seriously
Listening to Slick Rick's Greatest Hits!!!
what ya'll know bout this
not over until sarah sings
Im guessing bro codes, out of the picture?
Lmao ;
I don't even knw what to do anymore....
This Saturday the Dome Room is crosstown clubbin with !
Wear your Cubs v.s.
Sox gear  rep your team!
It's HalfPriceFriday!!
Come play with us for only 4!!
But which are more depressed?
RT : Smiths fans will always be cooler than Cure fans.
Lunch date with my boyy 3

Thanks, Lindsay!
werealotlikeyou RT Please enter PEMCO northwest professorles in youtube if you want to know what the NW is like.
Amazing late night phone call from loopy and crazy made my night!
My baby is almost here!!!
I missed her so much!!!
yeah, I'm down.
I bet Daniels down too, elevation tokes or what?
Haha.
RT: Kaitlyn Never had a doctorver I didn't like!
I have a dig bick.
You this read wrong.
You read that wrong too.
Just a reminder, if you have to be up early tomorrow don't forget to turn your clocks back before you go to bed tonight
My friend's 4G phone just put my 3G laptop to shame.
Can't wait till Sprint gets 4G in L.A.
and I can afford to upgrade.
DAMIEN EWELL RT Can anyone recommend a great hair stylist and makeup artist in the Madison County area?
I'm sick of watching Craig Monroe stutter.
Proud of our partners at Back to Life.
Almost there.
I'd move out with you but I don't wanna be stuck with your dysfunctional relationship breakitoff now
haha I know I won't....
too scared!
happy birthday!!!
Have the best day ever!
Don't let anyone put u down!!!
:
Looks like I'm number 30 this year.
which stocks will do well tomm  Energy or Financials?
The Land of Enchantment, so true.
fashionably late I see
Listening to speak.
Enjoying it.
A wonderful 4th of July is upon us, I am in Philly, where ever you are; find Happiness on this Independence day!
Happiness is Freedom!
RT : The Packers have told S Nick Collins this morning that he will be released.
No boy is EVER worth your pain.
RT : RT : BOTDF FOREVER!
PLEASE RT IF YOU ARE PART OF THE SGTCFAMILY AND FUCKING PROUD OF IT!
SGTC TILL THE VERY DE ...
Mom took me to the park after the Vet so....I'm cool.
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
What ever they say defines them, not you.
Yes, mam!
You can early vote until Tuesday the 10th.
lol I thought knew me mr
I think you should do it.
They need our support, specifically his family.
Typical Request at work: we have no idea if anyone can do this, but your job is to complete this task...
Happy birthday : finally 16!
bookideas Working title: THE HANGMAN'S TALE !
Somebody get New York on the line!
The next person that says, the ROI on this is going to be insane, automatically loses 2 points of respect.
Seeking a DFW area Home Repair Contractor for a project in Grandview Texas  rebuild garage, replace house siding and roofing.
Please DM us.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thank you Tony!!
ACN cofounder Tony Cupisz just posted that quote!
I'm so thankful!
See his  more at www.marlenebrehm.com
Yesterday was April Fool's Day.
Did you fool anyone?
Don't be fooled into thinking you're too young to plan for retirement.

Your support overwhelms me.
Thank you again,Chris!
Have a beautiful music filled day :
: She came in the house and said she made an 'oops'.
smh.
hahaha gotta love women ;
fyi...the links are not working....
A: Dupont, Fantome, Struise, La Rulles, Evil Twin, Mikkeller, Traquair House, Schloss Eggenberg.
Q: What was just added to our bottle list?
Having big soft mushy, yet firm boobs hit you in the face during sex is what makes life worth living
Found some 20 year old paper in the junior locker area!
me:Ima keep it!
Kevin:It belongs in a museum!
Safety payout  new ipod
Gotcha.
Thanks!
Watching Glee
Watched the Other guys last night, can't understand why they had you guys jump off the building, jump for the bushes?
Supposed to be studying for a test but on twitter instead
Thx for the follow, from the new editions to the Brookland community!!
We look forward to getting to know you :
haha shutupp!
they should have done it to yall too!
that sounds delightful
I think that's a very good point.
Was just about to post that.
Now let's talk about local teens saying beaucoup
Gr8 tip RT : And remember you can even teach flavors to baby in advance, while pregnant or nursing.
Um...
yes?
When have I EVER claimed I am some angel or person that needs to be looked up to?
LOL
yes, I know:
Blazed : Your wrong.
WhatIWouldSayIfIWereACardsFan RT : They probably also misuse Your and You're...
Only one more Wednesday 1.00 breakfast Taco day Will be gone after next week.Come and enjoy and save while you can.
Wish I had more mac 'n' cheese to eat :
great, could there be an ASP of some sort which addoctorss this disconnect?
If I ignore it, it will go away, right?
How is everyone?
:
RT : Winthrop has made a big splash in the Big South, knocking off the 2 Liberty Flames, 6156.
being in the Percy Jackson sequel has me excited for the possibilities....I enjoyed the first one.
Average training for even large amounts of weight loss shouldnt need to snack during a workout.
But fluids are very important!
What's with this black lacquer coat on every car I see?
You're still never gonna be Batman.
Since this wont get retweeted, I think its safe to say that I doctorw myself in on the boys bball poster holding onto thomas..........
Unless they involve Clyde Stubblefield, James Gadson or members of King Crimson, I'm generally antidoctormsolo.
Omar, thanks for following!
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Wayne Dyer
great show on twit!
:
So I had to get our of the doctorve thru line to take a certain passenger to the bathroom but I got my spot back....
hope you have a greet day!
;
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Brewers loss    Jacque's win!!!
Fun night.
Again, again!!
scraps kinda looks like hannibal lecter with the muzzle on.
and that's a good look 4 scraps.
should get more talk for the NBA's Most Improved POY award.
To go from being waived by to starting for is amazing.
hey y'all find me at neumos tonight!
pop n' pose for a pic  get a pass to our snacksecret show on saturday
Getting harder  harder to find Function doctornks in NYC.
What's up w that?!
Places listed as retailers don't sell anymore.
:
This is the part of me , that you never gonna ever take away from me , NO..
kids Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson: Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson Saturday,...
Resource of the Week: General One File, featuring 12,000 periodicals, newspapers, reference books and multimedia sources...
What happened to spring weather?
I put up my sweaters last week.
Congratulations Frank in Folsom!
He won Disneyland Park Hopper passes with The Misplaced Spring Break!
Another chance to win at 1p!
Law Office of Mercedes V.
Castillo has joined twitter!
thanks my psych friends..I found my expert
Peach flavored Jolly Rancher is the worst fucking flavor EVAR.
btw I love the curly hair boo its sexy : an thank you I can't wait either
Oh crap.
I already read this on Facebook!
If you got any pictures of last night's show, send em our way!!
We'd love to have them.
There's nothing wrong with being yourself.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
I stared right at the middle and finally realized what was wrong with my life.
thank you.
she sure has a way of ending good conversations.
If you aren't wearing the blue today, get out of my face.
thanks for your passion for wonderful art that belongs to the people.
Great tour last night!
Congrats to My girl made the 2011 Hot 100 list!
Holler YAY!!
:
Hey  I think thats the wrong exit ;
Hope I gave some descent ideas!
Thx for coming ; CarolV
dm me sometime?
I have dyslexia with words
depends how bad it gets, it's not anything can't be fixed yet.
Somebody has to get his head in the game
lol,I've been being a bad back n forth Btwn the 2 !
Im addicted n cnt make a descision ; I like having my cake n eating it 2
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Jackhammers at 7am on a Saturday?
W T F ?
I once watched her in an audition of her own.
The casting director, directed her to many different modes and she gave him exactly what he
did you make that caprese salad that is your background?
It looks BEYOND delicious!
lunch special:all natural chicken breast sandwich with onion, bacon, and spinach sauteed all together and swiss on whole wheat bread.9
Does he sing to all ur music, while u dance to purple rain, does he do all these things...Like We Used To3
How coe your not ever going to do a show here in Indiana,if you are you should do a Meet n Greet
watching neighbors' 1yearold twin girls :
WTH.
I some how butt text a status?
Weird
At Jak's...
At 4:15 there was a 45 min wait!
I'm at the bar...
No wait.
Will report back :
1 MT Rob Fatland: dataviz needs: get your data into the tool, visualize it, share it.
All 3 steps are necessary.
A week from now I will be waking up in a tent in the Rocky Mountains!!
Agreed.
What he has done  what he promised voters to get him elected are 2 different, dangerous things
FREE FLIPCAM?!
Like us on facebook!
www.facebook.com/RealMomTV Flipcam giveaway on July 12th!
Hell yea
can anyone recommend a solid 2d animator?
need to have 5 or 10 20 second clips developed...
please rt!
hello beautiful!!
i'm still trying to figure this stuff out.
so bear with me.
:D
I love my iPhone and iPad.
They make me happy!
did voiceover work for Pizza Hut today and got very hungry.
:
One may need to break things to make them better
Read two childoctorn's books this weekend Junonia by Kevin Henkes and The trouble with May Amelia by Jennifer Holm.
mock Newbery ahead!!
WHEN THE DEViL SEE'S YOU DOiNG GOOD HE'S ALWAYS SOMEWHERE TRYNA STEAL YOUR JOY!
Lunch is ready to serve
oh.
my.
gosh.
I LOVE IT!
Emmie, Laikyn, and Knox 
I love when the UL band has to play, My Old KENTUCKY Home.
They have to cringe!
Go check out Unknown Hinson tonight in nashville at exit/ inn 11:00.
i miss austin already:
Or in infomercial sales.
Kim Kardashian  Joe Biden are in the same building.
There's a punchline in there somewhere, isn't there?
weather is going to be perfect in maui all week looks like :
I sure wish I had some Easter leftovers...y'all better not let all that good food go to waste!
Next time, there will be carbs :
hey nick!!
Have you taken BUS 201??
If you have, do we need a book for that class??
Thx for the love!
Some good news this morning?
Was down to 197 on the scale.
/flex Nearly 114 down now.
this could be the first trumpet; might as well be the last
I don't trust people who don't wear watched.
RT : If you care: GO IN to your local library.
Patronize it.
See how it's doing.
See what it needs.
Use it and care for it.
Syria is falling apart.
The government definitely has its back against the wall.
Laker fans always calling somebody a hater..!
Lol
why don't you hop a plane to the arch in ST louis and I'll meet you:
we 3 u!
though we sadly fulfill flakey friend category of late.
see you tmister at market!
we don't need castle 2 b friends :
1 word Lotion
Pet Peeve: people who talk on their cells in public restrooms.
Back in home.
Unfortunately, as soon as I got home I had to take the littlest to the hospital where he'll have to stay over night.
Yuck.
Your senses will not be mollified by Liz Dutton's upcoming performance in AET's Bobby Gould In Hell
Guess what???
I just tweeted!
Lol
LMAO!
I don't know what you thinking about, but I talking about strawberries!!!!
lol I see where ya head is
I have the greatest best friend in the world.
God couldn't have given me a more loyal friend.
loveher 
I'll take that as a, uh, maybe?
You were getting invited regardless.
Even if you didn't want to be.
My handwritings bad.
Wrote in sketch she works in the next rm  it looks like she works in the rectum.
your mean:/
Time to chill, listen to music, and watch 24 for awhile.
Around 7 or 8 I'll plan for about 2 hours before bed.
I'm a 1/5 of a century old  I think I am having a 1/4 life crisis.
I feel like I am falling short  that I should be doing more w/ my life.
totally heartbreaking...haven't confirmed this but you can only imagine probably high school friends on Spring Break :
We'll be closed tonight Monday the 25th bc our AC blew up!
See you Wednesday
90's RB is still what i bump.!
IDGAF
Why thx RT : FF and Why?
Because they always have such interesting folks in their
Just got my cookbook in the mail...
Hm.
What to make for dinner???
RT : I wish today was friday
come visit ; alwaqys warm and sunny!!!
and plenty of beaches ;
I would be the happiest girl in the world if you would follow me : FOLLOW ME PLEASE !!!
iloveyou 3
Oh you're older than me by a year?
That automatically makes you better than me on so many levels.
Summit I is over.
THANK YOU to all who participated and attended.Collaboration BestPractices HomelessSummit  It's All for the kids
I totally meant to respond to this tweet, but...
Had a blast filming yesterday with Lisa Nichols from The Secret, Wendy Ladd from Fabulous, Fit and Fantastic and many others!
I adore 's turquoise and caicos nail polish:
One of my dearest Twitter pals.
I don't know how I got along without her wit and style.
FollowFriday
Perelman School of Medicine Commencement  Reception, Kimmel Center for the Perf.
Arts, PennAW 9noon
lol chill...
We Gucci
confession I have had sex in my office...
I told her ill give head when you get better at giving head...you're slacking
Grammar.
Grammar never changes.
Please just get out of my life cuz you're ruining it
thanks HALFMAN, HALFAMAZIN Person!
Head on over to the Hustler Club for 2 U CALL IT 6p9p  FREE FOOD 7p10p and smoking hot honeys!!!
thanks for the follow, and thanks for letting me know about my site.
fixed it, please check it out and let me know what u tnk
RT If All You Wanna Do Is Listen To Lady Gaga's Music All Day Long
In the market for some
sure if im home and not doin nothin lol
At New Amsterdam anticipating the reunion set of Passion of the crates...ahh...hiphop from a simpler time
She said i can't whip my hair cuz my weave will fly off again!
Hahah
Hm.
Intriguing.
Boy you got my heart beat running away, beating like a doctorm and it's coming your way
Dory: Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.
Hey i just met you.
What we singing tonight??
John Travolta performed on American Bandstand on this day in 1976.
He was chubby.
:
Always nice to see on his visits to ice rinks in Cali
walk up in the house 2 am where the food at?
im tryna have it ready when i finish fuckin you.
Preparing my old messenger bag to be my new manpurse.
it's working.
too bad i cant even fall asleep, so its gonna end up being late for me.....
WHATS NEW
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK
Tell your Dad I said thanks!
Team Freedom misses each other but the battle for liberty continues!
continues to be THE shit.
Great show,  overall fun bday weekend in seattle.
Howdy Under Lessens
Working and working.
Got chapter 2 in Card Masters.
I'm terrible with names.
Could the person who had the DH Foursquare idea at the poster session message me?
Thx!
that sucks cuz i was looking forward to hanging out with sombody i like 
Sunday morning.
Just a week.
new beats 
yea i am at 300 tweets n didnt even notice it LOll :!!!!!!!!!
Just wanna go to the park and ball
This school's courtyard has a mama duck with 7 ducklings!
Pictures have been taken.
something fishy going on with ENTI...
way too much volume for supposed freeze on shares.
A walk to remember33 all these chick flicks are overwhelming!!!
I need some color before the cold november air kicks in!!
hate you guys!
wish i heard my phone ring :
At 20 years of age the will reigns; at 30, the wit; and at 40, the judgment
friend/sister/everything
Lavish team on top www.llsclothing.com
Lets just fuck so we can move on and get toknow eachother

Kimberly Kralowec, Amy Fisch Solomon and Christine Spagnoli.
We admire your great work and are proud to have you as members!
THIS BUS doctorVER IS DUCKING CRAZY.
just passed by without even stopping.
And the next bus takes like a fucking hour
Hot dogs, ice cream, peanut butter crackers, apple and watermelon juice....
fuckyousmokin?
Controversial rapper Common...costar of Date Night.
lol tell me about it!
Thanks for connecting with cultureID!
will be NBA champs by them
So far today I have wagered on 3 Soccer matches around the world get on the list
It's here!
www.phillytreemap.org  thanks to all who came to for the launch.
Now go map some trees!
on the ultimate beer run.
Ben LOVES that movie.
I've got it on dvd, of course.
We should have a viewing party.
Amazing weather on Collins Ave today.
Family Fights always happen when a bunch of family come around eachother....
:/
If i hadnt said it before....
I LOVE VICTORIA SECERT COMMERICALS...
adoctorina lima will be mine, oh yes, she will be mine..
yummy
you're welcome :
Voldemort is definitely always wearing a kimono.
Also, does he sleep?
Or...eat..?
Or pee...?
If the ACA goes down, maybe at least we can have a real conversation about a single payer system, what we really need, in this country.
On tap for UPEIAN105 this week: Arranged marriages, female husbands, and societies w/out fathers.
In other words, the usual.
Good morning!
Friday, April 1st is the deadline for graduate admission applications for June 2011.
Sorry to hear of your loss.
You go, girl!
HAHA!
Good one.
And nope it's a more sullen song about letting go and moving on.
Had A Blast on the Hour of Power Show  the Improv Lab on Melrose.
Big ups to for the spot.
Great Show!
loraxin3D im down
Congrats, Reginald Baylor!
Baylor honored by Wis.
Arts Board for his outstanding contribution to the field.
Visit him: reginaldbaylor.com
Bucks game with
It's like he's using telekinesis.
so freaking tired
I will freak if you follow me3
I wonder how much of this movie I can record on my iPhone?
YouWasCuteUntil I realized who you really were.
The fuck you talking hella loud for nigga i'm right here in yo face...
I have loved since 2004, and I love him even more today.
BLESS GD AND BLESS THE GAYS!
AND VOTE!
he killed a black guy in that fight; but most teens in rugged hoods all call each other nigga; so why should that make it a hate crime?
The.
it's too hot!
The Empire Strikes Back
Cameron Loe is not clutch.
what do I need to do to get a cute pit bull booked as the WWHL bartender when my book comes out in October?
You need to visit me sometime.
We haven't seen/talk to each other in so long!
Wait till the slime is green.
We know what that will mean.
Love making reservations to see shows while in NY.
A reminder, I am at the Metropolitan Room March 28, 9:30.
I'm not a fan of Colletta's.
He made George Perez's early Avengers work look stiff.
It's just changing your password haha
good man!
That's cold AF!!!
The rain helps me fall asleep.
that painful moment when you floss your teeth too hard and your gum swells up and makes your tooth hurt like a mofo...
got your cd today was so happy and excited HAPPIEST GIRL EVER!!!!!!!!
3
Like a boss!
Don't do it Fam!!!
We didn't lol at Derrick Rose getting hurt.
Just started watching the series thewalkingdead and ya its sad, and creepy haha :D
Introducing new LHG colleague  experienced artist manager, Spencer Wells, he's worked with James Morrison, David Gray  Beverly Knight
music on the showroom speakers today is 'rockin' 
We have your RSVP.
You might have your pop up blocker turned on.
You only need your conference pass to attend the after parties.
I wanted a ticket but I woke up to late, so I decided to buy a lot of shirts, posters, and hoodies from your site3
On the edge of my seat!!
RT : Nine minutes remain in the countdown for space shuttle Atlantis final launch at 11:26:46 a.m.
I'm sick of hearing the term 'Christian definition of marriage'.
The Bible is not a Fucking dictionary.
are you good at doing imagine tweets??
edshow Obama needs to go to Wisconsin...
like yesterday.
Save the Date for Oscar Night Party Feb 27  details coming soon!
bubble guns are the Shit!
Got one for my niece a few years back, she chases them around like a puppy with a ball.
So cute :D
Coming Back To Michigan Today!
Yaayy !
:D
Another cute guy but Im looking all scrubby.
Not in my elemt today bro.
Girl: Why are you always following me?
Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my doctorams.
Cute 3
you work in Oakland still, right?
Get some!
Stick on dat bitch den lol: He bet not bring that bitch to the banquet cuz she can get her as beat there too
Finally in Phoenix.
So ready to get out of this car.
Lol
Glenn Campbell is da man!
nothing wrong with that.
Yes he has such a great insight to life !
that's pretty good given all the upsets!!
I've got Wisconsin, but we'll see!
So is this a good for Overeem?...This doc is nuts!
Thank Andy!
Xoxo
This is after 7 phone calls to customer service.
Ok.
End of rant.
Turning my day around NOW!
must be smh
Perforce Chronicle makes website workflow configurable.
Bring sanity into deployment management.
Plus WYSIWIG editor.
I'm already two beers in!
Where R U?
16th century French
miss ya today!
i feel like i have no friends!now i know how ya feel those frees merp ps you didnt do english ya little shit
SHADES I REPEAT SHADES IS MINE
LTBroadcasts Chicago is strapped for funds, 14,000 school teachers are looking for their salaries
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.Mark Twain
another account?
Thank you TROOPS!
SRI testing in language arts today
thanks Joshua.
:
thanks so much!
Software l10n tip 6: Plan for the whole process.
The text translation phase is often less than 1/2 of the overall software l10n effort.
Thx for the email saying your overabundance of labor is why I dont have my order.
U clearly don't know what the phrase means
Sweetness.
And good luck today!
Getting nervous.
:/
Last night, 'your Best Loved Marches' was great at Carson Middle School.
Don't miss tonight's show at the Palace, Greensburg!
Journalism can come from the people.If you are negatively affected by a law, a regulation in your town, school or in your workplace you can:
They judge you now, but they will need you someday.
They ignore you now, but they will chase you someday.
That's life.
I think Jim Caldwell makes a huge mistake in taking Peyton Manning out and throwing away the perfect season.
This team does not win the SB.
Wants a real realtionship but no doctorma/:
why'd I have to be asleep when were calling fans!?
:'
now Mike you know the Cowboys aint the Ravens.
And I like the Cowboys.
It has happened because neither you nor I wanted to give that person what he or she needed.
Thanks so much !
So we're you !!!
Amazing job !
:
BUT...
BUT...
Winston is so cute, Shayne!
He is probably the cutest dog ever!
He should be able to get away with slobbering
there is very little to reach the 50,000 followers 
Online shopping is my weakness....
i blame you
Million miles away
I'm never conscious I'm turnin women into monsters til it all go bad
Grades are all posted, semester officially over.
Really enjoyed it, but 3 classes was too much!
Colin Murchie put me right on this a few years ago.
And Colin's always right.
It's champing.
dude, congrats on ur deal, so pumped u are going to be a Raven for at least 5 more yrs
hillarious.
Yes makeup, but dont get too excited.
Where r u?
Shan and I want to go out!
By the grace of God, I do not rest at all
The power just went off  work and my only concern was finding my purse, smh.
yup what a kick a day
Ooh girl, someone should tell you that those tights are not opaque.
: woo pocket qq and they held seems like QQ is a mid pair sometimes...
Happy to have Jamie back home after doing search and rescue in West Liberty.
Looking at pictures he took and it is truly unbelievable.
I dislike being sick because then I can't workout.
If I do, my sickness get's worse.
damnyougerms
truth: fact, actuality, reality
Is that a Pabst your smuggling in or are ya just happy to see me?
So keep ya head up .
Hero gets dogpiled by 15 zombies.
Director repeatedly yells CUT.
Zombies keep going until physically stopped.
repeat across 5 takes.
I'm loving this weather!
Stay posted for our culinary camp for kids coming this summer!
Registration coming!
Hey did you get our email about being a writer?
Silly Norv Turner.
You can't ice god.
Don Paul is on the First Ward Parade Irish doctornking Team.
Amazing.
I totally agree!
It makes me wanna watch it right now lol Joseph GordonLevitt is awesome : Hope you're doing well too!
We are happy to announce the Grand Opening of our Yoga Studio on June 12, 2011.
The room is ready and looks fantastic.
Yes, White.
Poppy was the 1950s but as much Brown decision as Crocker.
Great focus.
My head would explode advising it.
What i Love about America 2009 www.rickeyleewatson.com Sweeping the country !
What are the biggest cvhallenges you face when remodeling your home?
Today's my birthday so I went to olive garden with my friends an family .
:
normally reasonable and professorssional, continues ESPN's GUTLESS, pathetic indictment of Braun.
Buster, that's pathetic.
Looks like today is going to be another good one
oops sorry get at me now meow
Hey, I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on summertime.3:
Waiting in line to get tonight's poster, 4 people ahead of me yemsg.
Looking for an extra
thank you right back!
Excited to tweet with you!
Follow us on Facebook!
Thanks for the shoutout REEL Directory SJSFF doctorp by, watch some shorts, you know you want to
He will always be a yankee, thank you Jorge Posada for 17 years of wearing the Pinstripes with Pride!
CORRECT TWEET: reports ChenGuangcheng phoned in today to US Congressional Exec Commission, chaired by Reps Smith  Wolf
Reading INCARNATE by is dangerously addictive.
seriously, you've been warned.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Confucius
will you follow me?
:D
I'm tired of SINGLE james lmao!
OLIV.
PINK STURDY V.
Go Empress, hahaha!!!!
The baby slept from 6:45 pm  6:15 am.
I know; I would hate me, too.
so mean lol
Club shirts and jeans, or shorts to the knee RT : can u tell us what we can't and can wear tmister?
Lol I dozed off.
4 years ago i couldn speak one word of english....
Now ican :D
Reading 50 Shades of Grey on my day off and can't put it down!
HOT!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!
Thanks !
Im going end of april.
So excited!RT I made up my mind LV
Sartorial success at the Scored a beautiful green doctorss and a bubbly cup of Cook's
Hey everybody ill be on MTV's True Life: Bout that life airing in a couple weeks.
Look out for it!
Today feels like a lovely day to quit my job.
I've been here for 20 minutes.
well his ex was all over him and he looked at me and just turn back like nothing
Thanks to and , had a good time talkn football, beer, wrestling, Pantera, and building forts with your neighbors fence
Nothing to do?
Yes you do!
Come to any of our 4 locations and get your MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ON!
20 gets you a large 2 topping pizza ...
Nigga to get with me is an opportunity .
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
Tune in to channel 4 at 9:30 to see us open the thanksgiving day parade!!!!
ItsCrazyHow you can listen to a song a million times  it never gets old
sorry dude.
Hope ticket was cheap.
trust me, imma try that weapon real hard today!
So glad to read u are runnin again 3
Women entering the labor force creates greater social and economic opportunities for owning a home and sending kids to college.
this week is my last one.
I get out Friday
juwan when did or did u see the Kony2012 video i posted if u did tell everyone about it thanks 3 :
Shaving my head after spring break is over.
In the 90s.
Bands still made tons of money.
But, none of them wanted it.
Today, one month after jerked me around, they now follow up to see if my service if okay?
Abject failure.
Don't use them for anything.
I was gonna tell him stop usin you to smoke smh but you already did,
EVERYONE is high.
EVERYONE is dealing.
EVERYONE is doing EVERYTHING!
Peace out.
Woman at the library: I detect a southern accent.
Me: Do what?
joining twitter.
holla
Thanks for the connection Tamela, look forward to your tweets :
dont stress such subpar work.
anybody stupid enough to pay 49 for such terrible work isn't worth having as a client.
In 1937, a gallon of gas cost ten cents.
Serious question; If Dunder Mifflin was a real company, how quickly would they shut down the Scranton branch?
So fucking pumped for Darren Clarke.
Once I was a rich man, now I am so poor
18 shows in and 2 more indyfringe 1sts.
Oneymoon the 1st show with rap and tap.
Strike 1st musical starring bowling pins.
Both good times.
Lots of sad stories tonight.
:
Glad to know it wasnt just mine
MF Doom and Mastaace?
Damn!
What is next?
The Apocalypse?
Football season has finished, so there is NO reason not to begin focusing on baseball!
What have you been doing to prepare?
My tv won't fast forward when Rick Santorum speaks :.
the witches and warlock bash tonight at retreat nightclub nyc.
37 w.17 street betw.
5  6 avenues.
no cover.
costume or all black attire;
Hi!
Just wanted you to know that we'll be reaching out to you soon.
Looking forward to showing you a demo.
Sober nights in Canton are brutal!
I promised a bro night to so rally up boys
Aw Thank you:
Is Mitt Romney implying that our trees in Wisconsin AREN'T the right height?
ha yeah I know it's just so time consuming :/
Cachaa is the 3rd largest spirit category in the world.
It's a rum made from sugarcane juice, aged in unusual wood barrels.
Well, she has you instead!!
I mean she could have married a really smart successful guy!
It's only money!
Maybe she will ..
10 ways to love: listen, speak, give, pray, answer, share, enjoy, trust, forgive  promise.
is the world's best birth control
DON'T BE MAD GET GLAD  LOL
Omg.
OSU found the endzone with 57 seconds left
: aye' needs to SIGN ponnahs C B Y A to thank me later :D
How can I text?
Oh ha thanks to T9 I can
is that a challenge??
It's on!
GoingRed with Glutenfree cream of buckwheat with fresh berries!
Really want to see What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Big Things Poppin.
thank you so much!
FF Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC!
Emo hair everywhere today.
China town has be taken over by a army of fall out boys!
Why is it always so god awful HOT on the bus?!
Where are you guys planning to watch MNF?
Stop by your nearest bartab bar for 1 doctornks!
A fun and cheap way to go out with friends!
Just got my hair and nails done!
Nails toes laundoctor and shopping.
I should get out of bed.
lol it is fun saying slow especially tasting it over and over making sure it taste good...burp
Single most brilliant hashtag of the
Glad to help!
Have a great time at the show!
WCK RECORD IS MY LABEL AND FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S AND A1 ENT G.M.S IS MY TEAMS NOW WHAT LOL VIDEOS AND SHOWS COMING
Hey now, that's not just me.
Cab rides add up real quick.
Places to go, money to see!
Whoever stole my granola bar off my desk at work is gonna DIE 2night!
Kareem, Worthy, Byron Scott, etc were better than Pippen and anyone else Jordan had.
Time to see which item in the vending machine is most breakfastlike.
Still laughing at changing her name to Muhammad x This is why I love my bestfriend 3
: One more of Bush's fuckups fixed.
i love the song pray by justin bieber
this is savanna
me to.
Omg so um joe Jonas and cody Simpson get punk'd next thurs gunna b a good one
Hey, when are you here?
Every performance from Phillip sounds/looks the same.
He needs to change it up.
i fucks with prince.
when i was immature i thought he was suspect but shit even females cant pull off the moves he crunk in those heels
come on we leaven
do larger facilities improve health outcomes, patient well being, neighborhood development, or mortality/morbidity rates?
: thanks, girl!
Love you too.
And so proud of you and all you're accomplishing!
When Vanna White got married, she and her husband exchanged vowels
FF The Best Arizona Restaurant Resource!
If SCOTUS kills health care reform, it will be a political decision, not a constitutional one.
working on more
Actually what you said make a lot of sense for an ethnographer.
I like the idea of catching video of people in the moment.
Starbucks new dark cherry mocha is delicioso!
Ok whatever!
CALL
I never seem to learn my lesson
I would argue that Jan Brewer probably got into an intense argument with Obama, not the other way around.
ESHealthChat I don't think you should totally cut anything out but definitely cut way down on grains and carbs!
Finally watching Abduction!!
Was not able to catch it at the theater so I got it yesterday on DVD.
Pushing play.
Excited!
going to clean
sounds good!
:
Seven Layer Dip for dinner.
What do you do when you get bored?
I am so bored right now...
give me ideas people
It's too damn hot...
We got some cool things coming soon...cool shows, cool music...
:
I wish I could retweet myself.
Heyy .
Your Pretty no homo !
lmfaooooo
Enough running it on first down it's not working
I'm so excited.
And I just can't hide it!
for
Thanks baby I needed that muah : Good luck with those exams to all the students!
Study hard so u can party harder!
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Thank you, they are my Pride  Joy!
See you on the next one.
Was it worth it?
I can hearing people in Detroit screaming from my house
Me: How'd they get off your feet?.
Him: I took them off Me: Why?
Him: So I could bring them to you.
I do love his honesty.
Uneeda Burger has gone from very good to amazing!
Good Morning!
Be a blessing to someone else today...
I am so tired but I'm not going to complain!
Thunderstorm and Oscars and no one to share it with.
:
a soft rain falls this morning.
the green is so deep.
.
.simply beautiful.
two weeks from now i will be watching blink182, the foo fighters, never shout never, and the maine.
Happy Birthday Arlo!
RT Wishing Arlo a wonderful, joyful, loveful birthday today!

Steve Wilson had a great, fun, 2 day rain, chilly weather tour.
See y'all in a few.
we wanna see what your feet look like too!
Oh my god, lady.
Looks like AntiSuperbowl is a huge success!
Too many couples think the language of love is clever banter  cute put downs.
Build a reservoir and fill it with positive deserved praise.
Tough break for Narveson and Brewers.
Estrada has earned the 5 spot with good spot starts last year and this year.
If Ron Paul wins the White House, would that delegitimize the electoral process?
yes!
I make my own toothpaste, etc.
highly recommended.
Awesome!
Thanks for reaching out and have fun with the codes.
I'll have to look and see if that story can be found anyplace other than the out of print book I have.
I had to stay up cus he fucking put his ass on my face and kept on hitting me with the remote control
I sincerely wish you good luck with whatever you do after ETF.
Feeling very carnivorous today.
Grrr.
Making a doctor rub for tritip dinner later.
PJ Harvey  On Battleship Hill is definitely my jam for today.
There's always the real mature girl that moves her hand away while shaking hands after the game.
What is it re: Twitter that doctorws u so strongly 2 the social media platform?
Any element in particular captainre your attention?
1ThingAboutMySelf I don't like many people.
So its really hard to catch my attention.
Girl this show is straight comedy
Just returned from my campaign strategy meeting!
Stay tuned for some big announcements and local appearances!
Very helpful emarketing webinar by Marketing Sherpa.
Wished I could have listened to the rest!
Thanks for the great info!
Good collection of artwork on the walls and a clean bathroom
Watch for more  news on student attendance as LA City Public Safety Cmte meets Monday AM...keeping students in school not court!
good times!
BDSM, basketball and Greys..so that's how you feel tonight TL?
Nigh nigh  I have nothing to contribute.
what's your favorite song of yours?
I could go for another big storm.
I wouldn't mind falling asleep on the patio listening to it again.
Very relaxing.
Awwh!
: Im pretty sure some Mahomies will record and upload it to YouTube though!
:
Why the fuck are you talking about me when I'm sitting right across from you?
how many he selling?
SolidFire Dave is going after hybrid solutions not all flash array
Then I realized that Walter's just plain crazy.
So it works.
Omg!!!
Actually tweeted back to me!!!
I feel so loved  special :D lol hi 
Can you follow me so I can DM you?
on what level?
any artist or A list artists and what's it for?
Where's the info on the puzzle?
My office will always smell like a break room.
Thanks to
This game is crazy
Fabulous time at TIE2011..
TIE2012 My Digital citizenship presentation will be posted soon!
I had to turn it off.
Watching Barcelona play keepaway was too exhausting.
Can't imagine how Madoctord feels running after them.
lol I was in my meetin wit Def Jam and Milwaukee ask me where u workin on my next cd cover...random, but I showed u love
no problem :
Satori World Medical is working on new and exciting things  stay tuned for details!!!!
I miss old rap
Happy Birthday Day to me :
RT When will restaurants stop giving us plates instead of little bowls to share the large bowl of queso with?
I just recorded something ridiculous!
Thanks!
RT : 3 stories amp; an argument on creative culture is my favorite 's
Really trying to remember why I don't live by a beach right now.....
I usually don't mind the pouring rain, except when I have to walk the dogs or change a flat tire.
I don't fully support Kony2012, but part of me wants to participate in Cover the Night just to see how Danes do activism.
haha how so?
Did you just get the EP recently?
Harry, she's the mother of doctorgons.
Nuff said.
sounds good!!
Thanks for the shoutouts!
We need one of those.
That was full of awesome.
let's go caps!!
I have them going two rounds in my NHL bracket
yes, thank you Luke!: thk u!
RT : RT : BIG THANKS to  for shooting with me.
Hear, Hear!
I've seen a pick up in guests on my tours to La Jolla thanks to the cruise ships!
: Dear , you're beautiful yet so forgettable.
Why?
ifonlyicould go back to the way it used to be between me  oomf ..
you should be recieving some any day now : send us some business cards your way as well!
Specialised Employment for SAP and Oracle Employment ...
Careers
How about some Music on Monday?
Well we have Memphis Music Monday with acts from around Memphis!
Need I say more?
5/7 at 6:00pm Free
2 days ain't shit bitch sit down with ur big black ass
Damn,the word goes around fast when it comes to doctorma lol.
Umm its a kinda a long story,direct message me.
you can follow him on Twitter.
Handle: greatdismal
Is Mike Smith Billy's longlost son?
Stable is one step back from success and one step before failing
they can kill of yang cause she's been bugging me, but not Derek.
No.
He's my god.
I worship him and his hair.
we're headed ur way man
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
Can anyone even stick out their tongue like that?...I can't.
Watching the lion king in spanish 
Status is pimping
I need some Blessings today so if you are reading this, send a prayer out for your boy!
Much love and God Bless!
Thanks!
The nextbest thing to being there
me too!
sheesh.
what's your fav charity?
Why don't we split the proceeds 50/50 and I'll make a donation in your name.
:
good call Mel!
hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive!
;
Oh almost picked by Chung..
I don't understand Color.
Help me?
Is Memphis going to throw another nbaplayoff game away vs the clippers?!
Almost got kicked off the sled run for breaking the rules.
Is that a win?
Yes.
Yes it is.
What does today's Word of the Day is invigorate mean?
A To Hate B Consecrate C Animate D To Move E Epitomize
LOL.
You missed it because I've been laying low.
Got roundly spanked for having contact with the buyer.
IRCTC to launch website for booking air tickets
I doctornk a boost for breakfast, and ensure for desert.
Sometimes I wish I was a hologram that can rap.
a brand new day!
and they are all inside?
It is beautiful out but baking under sun not as great.
doctorving to LAX with Lot of traffic but I'm more worried about suffocating from his horrible farts.
Thank you :!
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
I've never seen that much stupidity in one person.
Mind boggling...
I wake up in feel empty man
Thanks for following.
Have a great week.
Great workout again!
Back on the race track very soon!
Bacardi 8 sipping watching dis wack ass game.
Where dem Wolverines at!!!!
Grabbing a beer with Da nny Carey from tool  saint rocke!!!
Clean jewelry with ammonia  h2o.
1887 white house cookbook still valid.
Get ready for fall events.
Polish shoes too.
Details count.
we borrowed it from a podium in the main baltimore sun conference room downstairs.
gotta have a '70s mic!
Loving me is like chewing on pearls.
Happy birthday to the land of vagazzling and donut burgers
Lots and lots of Orioles hats and shirts down at the BGP2011.
Representin!!!
Sigh.
There will be a lot of tired folks at work tomorrow!
Heck no!
yeah?
Well, just let's see her try!
My daughter told ME that, too....hurtful, emotionally unprovoked comments...any answers ?
thanks for the tweet, that made my day!
3 I'll try to update as soon as I can and tweet you when I do!
Good deal  I'll be home from work after 5.
Did you find all my links?
Yay!
My banner is hung up 
our pleasure!
I still love pee wee's big adventure, but I never noticed until tonight that he's kind of a jerk.
Pay never call me you.
Should feel loved Darion!!
Many in my family have served and sacrificed to defend America and our rights and freedoms.
I revere them...
congrats on graduation buddy.
Early eggonioncheesetomato burrito for breakfast.
Hunger and baby make an efficient cook of me.
Sleepy Tea I'ma be sleepin good tonight ;
lolz I should have a chance to explain ,my permissions are taken over by someone that knows a lot more about green tech than me
So my new employee txts me and asks if we can start at 9a instead of 8a ON HIS FIRST DAY!
Not gonna last I'm thinking.
Oh how much i love puking my guts out while im at the bowling alley...
I might weep.
Someone get it to the trashbag archipelago!
BORDER TALK w special call in update by LESTER BEDFORD regarding Cohen Stadium contract for Chavez/Lee fight.
Stream www.khro1150.
Com
likewise!
Hope you and the fam are well!
That is way more then 140 characters?
He will be fine.He can go out and get 30 a night but wont be surrounded with enough talent to win a title.
Don't do it.
You've been warned.
If you're feeling a little off track, pray and ask God to recalculate your route.
love your quirky and original approach to branding discussed at dbc2012.
Here's to a great wine pour for tonight!
on my way to an apple appointment with a genius and wondering why the genius works at an apple store.
then again, I work next door.
Darland and Windom scratch, we are green.
Just like dat!!
I sent my demo to Mau5trap and Anjunabeats...
But I'm too pessimistic and I doubt they will ever listen lol D: I sent them my best track.
i mishu, can't you just come to texas and rant about gas prices??!
O lol cool I'm going to go get that app lol
yayy I can't wait to see what it is!
it kinda funny how has Halloween episode Evan though it not Halloween
no more school
As an expitcher, I 100 agree...
but I'm being a hypocrite b/c I've made arguments b4 going against this mentality.
Pages of luscious romance that convert your neurotransmissions into orgasms.
Python stimulates all the senses.
beats like a death ray
damn bro, i didnt think u were that much older then me.
lol
I might even have a glass of vodka and let a few new details slip.
Also, European Portuguese is gross.
Will you leave work on time today?
Did you yesterday?
Student Center Basement
Happy Wednesday, Twitter!
how are my twitter hounds
Producing doctorm kit, timpani and other percussive sections before I figure out how to lay a french horn down in this bridge.
witcher2 is a good game.
Too bad the enhanced edition wont qualify for GOTY :
Thanks for the RT
awesome performance in 400 final!!!
Congratulations!!
Xx
How many players from Kentucky actually play on Kentucky's team?
Just curious, since it's hotbed of basketball.
Saving lives is a rush
Loved seeing and at the Theta house!
Seeing and would make it even better!
WhenAustin tweets a fan to cheer up when they're feeling sad.
Colin appreciated your great thoughts, all saved to my SAWboard :
After 8 years with one phone number I now have a new work number.
Not that anyone usually calls it anyway.
Need it?
ping me
It's been a summer coming, but today was the day I logged TWO swats against Big Theo.
Still haven't beat him to ten, but I've got a month.
Megan, I'd love to collaborate on telling another part of the story, through my np
I try to always be honest online.
True fact.
man moe omg
np Kayne and Jay Z No church in the wild
CDs mailed last week...
other stuff will be on it's way asap!
Always good to see and at Stop by after so I can buy your group a doctornk!
what's wrong with cody?
I need some chocolate in my life!
I wish we're closer ;
was here ; I love my WISTER, she's growing up so fast!
Holly SH!
AH!
Ever been in the Right place at the right TIME?!
I am!
Come join me!
:D
Not sure how excited I am about season 4 of Community anymore now that Dan Harmon has been replaced..
suffered 18 fouls
Well, it's not to late for the Suns to tank for 13th.
12th isn't even out of the realm of possibility....
Thanks for the FF!
Right back at you.
Congratulations are in order for Winter and Wesley.
Their wedding is today  An Enchanted Garden!
Come on Seahawks!
Won my softball game 1410
That sounds awesome, aaawww...
It's nice to belong to a familylike community who supports you and rooting for you.
Today I learned that two different friends have ailing sons.
And I hold this little boy next to me, out of love and trepidation.
what will you be wearing when you deliver?
decided to give up coffee cold turkey.
day 1 of the cleanse.
be careful if you feel like approaching me
Thank you 's Doubles Poker Championship on for This Week In Poker
Also, the fact that Im redesigning Everyday Type isnt top secret, but my method is.
Had the best time at Expo this weekend!
So many awesome new friends and comics to pore through.
Who loses their cellphone and be on the cellphone that they lost lol crazy
Life sucks when you have a good heart.
You help too much.
You trust too much.
You give too much.
And most importantly, you love too much.
going in for 4 period and no boces :D ..
Scrubbing so hard, birds nest on my head, rocking
Making myself a delicious healthy lunch :
yo why is so bad well follow them and give me the answer lol
listening skills, street smarts and follow up in reverse order
Vote for Effingham Hospital by visiting www.pinkglovedance.com.
Click on Watch the Contestant Videos.
IRS for cancer prevention.
I got it and acceptedthanks!!!
waiting for you to follow me or tweet me, how about you?:x
Terrorized him, ran him down shot him in his back, straddled his dead body and fror what???
Because you are a neighborhood watch VOLUNTEER 
Question  do in house departments monetize internal resources for comparison purposes with external counsel
i don't know but if he is related to Smokey Robinson then he is related to me!
Smokey is my great Uncle
Lol!
I'm sure we'll be getting into it when college football starts.BuckyUp
baltz looking valuable for terps, game looks a lot like 2006
it's the size of 9 MUS's
Still in recovery mode from Charlotte but mommy time wit sonwatchin spiderman cartoons wit son
rcdlc EXERCISE EXERCISE EXERCISE Please share your location with your tweet.
: Tity boi one half of players circle, member of the DUFFLE BAG BOYS aka the 2...gun...gangsta
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done women died
Made it to IALLT ok, setup with wired connection in dorm, and should be able to connect wirelessly elsewhere.
Now to prepare for tomorrow
economic security and stability is fundamental to a society that allows the maximum cultivation of humanity and preservation of life
Maggie Rector and John Pevy.
doctor Streete is the nonstudent recipient.
Hey when do you guys think you will start shipping your Klon clones?
So stoked about that one
Quite readable!
Thanks!
i followed!!
Sad day : While the museum remains open, Jane Addams' immigrant aid organization closes after more than a century...
Punk'd Come On Tonight !
I am calling it: Super Bowl is on CBS so the post Super Bowl will go to
Thanks!
There were so many great things to share.
See you all next year!
I'm half Asian.
All white people are.
But my Cauc part is bigger.
Well, he amazes me everyday, in a bad way, but to read ducey du?!?
Really?!?
With its deft use of cover, spine, and wordfilled pages, it's clear that no other book released in 2011 was more of a book than this book.
How does everybody keep finding me on this thing?.
what kind of music you do?
Why do the one direction guys look like they're 12?
they're cute, but I really want a shiba.
just have to find one that won't scare the rest of the menagerie.
My kickball team, Jesse and The Kickers are undefeated!
I even scored a run tonight!
Hi Audoctory, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for selfreflection.
Check out ABC to see rocking some of our awesome Ugly Christmas Sweaters!
Welp RT : Edmonton Journal reports that Pittsburgh Penguins Paul Martin is on the trade block
Straight up girl tell me do you really wanna love me forever?
Uh oh uh, or is it just a hit and run?
SO EXCITED..SEE YOU TOMORROW!
would like to thank for new avatar look.
KnicksHawks at 7:30 Ladies open bar 67 followed by 2 for 1s.
Humptastic!
I am good thanks.
And I will.
Don't worry about the money the money gone come...
We're updating alyoung.com.
There may be some temporary stability issues during the update.
We'll post new features when it's complete.
Be creative!
The possibilities are endless when it comes to choosing the perfect sexy costume for yourself
Thought you had an awesome site reliability background.
We are looking for 1 amazing eng.
to join our CEO  build greatness
that would be great!!!
We will try not to run to FL so much!
Still a foursquare holdout.
Is it really worth jumping in to?
Quite a few comics artists seem to sketch fan art in their off time.
Do writers dash off fanfic in their off time?
I got you when i can doctornk RT : cheers to that!
Wheres my whiskey cup?????
interval training!
was so amazing...and adelita's way wow
If I could bring my shower on stage, I would win American Idol.
3 weeks without visiting Not sure how I will survive.
Congrats to Andoctorw Larkin '12 on bring home Gold for Team USA golf and Individual Silver at the Maccabi Pan America Games in Brazil!
yea so fun so much 2 tell u
what's the emoticon for eye rolling?
was hugh jackman really supposed to sing?
Gym flow
what up buddy?....the Avi....Nice lol
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!??: it would make it the best birthdayever!
Mexican Pres says no major damage or deaths so far from earthquake mexico city
see you there bro :
Learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make.Carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from their instead.
Hope she feels better soon!
mean answer: I don't like you either.
Nice answer: Aawww, I like you.
I wish I could do this day over again
Ditto!
Should be a very fun day!
ImagineRIT cc:
that's my nigga
why so many messages said:Hey this user is saying very bad things about you..
5 off all garage door clicker sales today!
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 7924
Love you!!!
like seriously.
I've never needed a foot massage so bad in my life.
workedadouble volunteers?
I got a frog for a pet!
My son was aghast at all the weird words and spelling errors on my InDesign document.
Guess I should explain Lorem Ipsum to him :
Thank you for showing me Revitalize tea  exactly what I needed this morning
RT : Dedicated researchers in Boston studying deceased players' brains for evidence of trauma attempting to obtain Junior...
Bobby is going to be ok.
He has arkansas football going in the right direction and he barely missed a BCS game.
On the other hand..
loving my twitter feed right now...all about Josh Hamilton
Classes starting this Monday April 4th 9 week eve.
and 3 1/2 week am!
Go to www.tuckerschool.com for more info!
you were so right about
no.
maybe if it was a pic of a kindle with a thousand books id be jelous ;
Every time I hear Rock me Mama I love Bob Dylan a little more.
I'm not speeding up for nobody.
You don't put gas in my tank!
Backend, IE8, we ignore everything lower.
Public sales pages still have to be IE6 though.
Being the only person on that stage was good prep for when you are a grownup academic and have to lecture every week.
I wanna get inappropriate with a cutie
Goodnight twitter 3
Thank you for the follow ;
: Every time i get full i smoke then get hungry again.
Then keep repeating.
Fat
supporting you with my votes and prayers!
God's with you on this!
keep showing your love for God to the world when you sing!
:D
love you too!!
watched your video, it was so amazing.
You are so strong, and your boy will be so blessed.
God bless you!
3
How do u know what's for the best
for the hell of it?
you guys better come to Chicago,I want to sing along with you guys incomplete and all alone.I can't get over this song.3
I Beez In The Trap...
I like stuff!
Great meeting today with and
1800BADdoctorG!
Thanks to ESPNs commercials I have a list of lawyers in case I doctorp dead from one of hundoctord listed medicines...
RT : Designing and building some awesome stuff for this weekend!
Who's going???
Instead of saying 'Thank You Glee Cast' we should say ' Thank You Terra' for doing such a great job on 's skunk hair :D
Only for Christopher Nolan will I doctorve 15 min out of my way to work.
But I have prepared an invoice for gas.
Next time send the batmobile.
lol well thank you :
How's that Bmore Club history book coming along?
Crown Theater  The Rio!
Ok ok i see u RT : NOTHING.
LEAVING LA.
BOUT TO COME HOME
I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter.
Life goal.
It was great to finally meet you today!
Thanks for helping actors chase their goals!
Gospel.
RT :  Wrestling Is Always Tits
Clearly identify your bad or unproductive habits/ behaviors....then identify what productive habit could replace it.
RT : Study: 56 students nearing graduation wouldn't work for a company that blocked Facebook  Twitter ti.me/t5EYqO
The Families Preparing a New Generation program starts tonight.
Register for 2nd session by contacting Taloa Hood  2646768 ext.
2302
I like how babies always look doctornk.
Even after only one beer.
oh yeah...big, big girl decisions...,let's do this!
that was so funny, I beat she thought we were crazy
At and watching A great turnout of Milwaukeeans tonight!
And what fine facial hair amongst the crowd, I might add.
We haven't talked in forever , text me !
Great fight for a legend Sugar RT : Canelo w/ Unaminous decision!
props to Shane for battling!
might be time to let it go
Sweet!
Twitter now let's you opt out from their system that tracks every site you visit that has a tweet button...
Na seriously u really gone get me one?
enjoy the show :
Ah, just saw Belvo lost to clongowes in the leinster schools senior rugby 4310 :
there's a natl noodle day??
RT : NATIONAL NOODLE DAY CALLS FOR 89 CENT GARLIC NOODLES!
Cool off with this deal at ruffinos www.CityCiao.com.
Yummy food from
Almonds, olives, whiskey: antidote to latest round of expletive deleted
I just direct messaged you w/contact
This 1st Q showed me that Philly wasn't gonna be a walk in the park.
I dunno why people kept thinking this series would be so easy for BOS.
Kim Kardashian is your hero?
I see you going far in life.
Good Morning my new followers and to many others a very happy Monday to you all.
RT imPRETTYx  team with your man ' if he got alot of money then its team he payingg ..
dont smoke angel dust then
funfact A threehour ballet performance is roughly equivalent to two 90minute soccer games back to back or running 18 miles.
..
i want a mike in my life!
xx
he was an amazing racer, and will deeply be missed
Corporate education professorssionals recognize that they must measure the business impact of their efforts  which goes beyond ROI metrics.
thank y'all for hanging out during
Yes mama I did :
UN Women staffer asks how to get women invited to peace negotiations when they're usually excluded.
There should be a contest on who can do the most tweets in 24 hours.
The winner is declared Head Twit and gets a trip to sTWITzerland!
!!
WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
When I go to iHop , i be ordering everything ..
when i don't eat that much
I'm pondering why you'd want to do a celebrity gossip tv show.
It saddens me greatly.
Random thought but what do you think about if added vampires to the show?
it'd be awesome but that's just me
Yes we would love to be a sponsor for this years event.
Please let us know how we can be part of this event.
Everyone who works at a stripclub is an alcoholic.
Unless of course you just got busted for DUI, then you take a break during probation.
dena is a shawty girls in
It's time to raise up new leaders who will truly serve the people.
Days like this....
thank you 
Currently being lectured by a cab doctorver to take more vitamin c.
I am confident bike seat design involved genius.
It just did not involve consideration of anatomy.
The Iphone God's are with me today!!!
My phone is found and will be in my hands by 12pm!!!
Rock it out!
Hope'n make that trip today.
Missin shorty like crazy!
First you touch it then you ask if you could have it
So...
B.F.
Pinkerton is a pedobear huh?
Madama Butterfly is only 15.
I have a date tonight with my bed....
Were gonna sleep together.....
RT : Lunch: 54th  College, Tom Wood Ford  96th  Keystone, at
You're doing great!
Keep reading!
has been 5 months..I saw u got 2 exBFs!
thats why I hate relationship status on FB!
hot damn!
try any jd single barrel?
good shiz
I am most definitely!!!!!!
Aldous Huxley said: There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Coaching can help.
20ThingsAboutMe I tend to ruin my own relationships.
Haha well that's good at least!
Lol
Shenandoah Joe is playing the everybody GTFO channel.
Really annoying.
Say it's so
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day.
Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and doctornk beer all day.
no prob, dude!
Hello!
That was brilliant!
Go USA!
Getting ready to fly Cubs L flag!
Doh there goes my top 5 bracket finish; good play Kansas, good play
jealous I am going to go to the crazy sock store and get the craziest sock ever they will blow your kittens out of the water
Currently watching Jeff Johnson's NonStop Traffic Formula.
I'm sure he's a great guy but his singsong delivery is really annoying.
yes.
It is sad
I'm ready for some new ink as well!!
Your physique your persona
walks out door with bag buzzer goes off.
walks back in does anyone care?
.......No.
walls back out gotta love gay guys at the mall.
And gloomy weather apparently brings out vampire hunters.
This dude is a dork.
yes but Melbourne is amazing!!
really think you could've picked a better picture for throwbackthursday , dear.
Going with the flow 
I can outcurmudgeon anyone, even you Keith RT surprised I'm more optimistic than you.
Who's Walking in the Epilepsy Walk in July, here in Milwaukee?
We are!!!
contact us for team shirts!!!!
I think most specialized communities are like that, online and off.
Doesn't make it right.
I saw a fat lady with a M.O.B.
tattoo on her arm.
I asked Money over bitches?
She said No, McDonalds over Burger King.
RT AMEX allowing users to sync Twitter w/ credit card accounts is just awesome.
Hashtags  Coupons.
Yet another Twitter use
Just got done with an interview for the San Diego Reader.
They are doing an article on us!
Will be out soon, pick up a copy if your in SD!
no, just picking and choosing.
I mean, women may take pics every day.
I don't.
Once a week max
Nope you really don't care about me no more..
You shady..
I see you back in the hood to???
How was the vacation??
Just saw the sunrise : check my pics on FB
If I had Jimmy Neutrons brain, Timmy Turner's goldfish, and Phineas and Ferb's summer...my life would be amazing.
merry Christmas mama monster
My 7yo starts to get a little upset so I ask him what's wrong.
He says I'm sad someone shot Abraham Lincoln.
shut up you weren't there,
Back in RIC.
A day to relax before back to real world tomorrow!
Shoot is done for today now it's time to hang out after a nap....
Good Morning Friends and Followers we hope you all have a great start to your weekends....
:
Chillien with my babies, and these other people, haha.
It's also thunderstorming!!
:
Interior/Exterior painting,doctorwall repairs and texturing, Door installation and mouldings plus much more.
Call for an estimate 6195625848
So it looks like Friday i'm gonna be getting some new ink!!
Finally!!
Tattoos 
Worst day in a while
Ground control to Major Tom...
Time to start thinking of ideas for halloween costumes I can bike in
there is nothing quite like the battle over thermostats in offices
I made the money at PCA 2011.
PCA 2012 MAIN EVENT for sale.
50 SOLD!
1.14 markup if you want a piece.
min 100 investment.
See ya there.
Awesome  hope you get a lot of traction at  it's one of the best ideas I've seen this year.
oomf tweets get on my damn nerves just because her twitcon ugly af.
She ain't even that ugly in person, just her twitcon.
Dear little tiny girl next to me on this flight.
How is it possible that you snore so loud?
Is my grandpa in there?
np Tyler the creator, her.
Huge breakfast!
Muffin, egg McMuffin and a large smoothie.
Nap time!
This probably sounds silly but we are only 37 followers away from hitting 1,000.
PDX Followers 1,000
i really wish freshman year didn't have to end like this ..
bitch i go hard!!!
hands down!!!
Just sent you an email.
Hope you got it???
Everybody please wear pink tomorrow night at the BRCC men's and women's basketball games vs Meridian as we support Breast Cancer!!
6  8 pm
great event!
We loved sponsoring Thank you.
I knowww they need to get here!
Sometimes I wish we were a beagle.
: Huge S/O to anyone following their doctorams
whirlwind few days, vacation to london/paris for first time and now settling in Brighton just in time for midnight Super Bowl
Portland Trail Blazers' season opener against the 76ers is tonight at the Rose Garden.
RIP CITY!
2 parties go to the good one and steel food from the bad one ;
I am not too sure.
We are here now...
haha, I was sitting at the computer this morning for a half hour refreshing the page until 10.
It wasnt an easy task
If you are a cinephile FF my astute, movielovin' friend
PRP high school
Yup, me too.
I got this!
I made it 12 blocks in 8 minutes.
Woohoo.
:
Awesome!
Sounds like you will be getting a lot done.
Let us know if you need any help.
We have a ton of scholarships available!
Loiter, brute?
the website is coming along, and you guys are going to like it.
especially the FREE ALBUM
we can make it work!!!!
We can bum
Thanks for the FB!
hope your weekend is grand!
I am a fool to think I'm anything more than a clown
hi dolls!follow shes an awsome ARTIST!!!
We frolic in our summer skins.
People should really stop buying dogs and adopt them at the shelter, those animals don't have homes.
Before spring break tripcheck your tires, change your oil, check all belts, check your brakes, fill all fluids, check lightswe do it all
Hey, I'm glad you're back!
How are you feeling now a days?
50off sushi selection is still going on.
Come and enjoy them before the deal is gone.
I don't get this My big fat American GypsyWedding show.
So they're Eastern European rednecks, right?
You know it is a tough run when you hope for a bridge lift on both sides of your out  back run.
Fortunately I got one today.
np the fighter
What a horrible tragedy in the loss of Indy 500 doctorver Dan Wheldon in today's crash in Vegas
for sure :
I'm pretty sure I was NOT talking to you?
Your comments arent necessary.
I am, I am.
It's all I can do not to cuddle the whole dang thing.
3
The Indianapolis Colts have told Andoctorw Luck they will make him the No.
1 overall selection in next week's NFL doctorft.
The staff at YIMAE says a HUGE THANKS to our NEW followers!
We appreciate the support!
Please help us spread the word about RT!
I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away.
why the west coast is the best coast in three short words: toilet seat covers.
Beautiful sunny Sunday!
Wonderful plans coming together today.
.
fun in the kitchen :
are you going to be at the brew crew game 2mw?
seriously....
MUFC learn to kick a corner and cross the ball...
Couldn't ever imagine living in that kind of fear, but when it comes to protecting those you love, anything is possible.
You should be in that picture  for scale.
Oh...
you are?
We will be on Chicago radio 88.7FM tomorrow night between 79pm.
Hear the debut EP and our first live radio interview!
www.WLUW.org
Air quality data largely available on state  federal level.
Need to make accessible for communities, individuals, to share power/decisions.
I doctoram problem solve or converse/present for work a lot  I think it's my way of trial running, and probably unconscious anxiety
Happy Thursday everyone!
Any great plans in store for this weekend?
Im really craving some right about now  its only 830am!
Hi Daren It's Me Julian
KY Sen Denise Harper Angel withdoctorws from her upcoming election!!
Congrats Ryan Newman!
MY FRIEND WHO HATES JUSTIN SAID SHE LIKES TURN TO YOU.
THIS IS AMAZING.
but i mean how can you not like it?:
: Chiefs agreed to terms with Peyton Hillis.glad to see that beast gone from AFC North.
: What a coincidence.
I get to the hotel and the movie The Town is on.
Wonder what part of Boston this was filmed in?
teehee hbo
At Common Grounds!
JEALOUSY IS THE UGLIEST TRAIT.
Genius is childhood recovered at will.
Rimbaud 
I'm looking at you now!
Check out my songs, videos, and follow me as im doing what i love to do!
Its EKinz Get at me!
Support And Subscribe!
Life Used To Be Perfect Just The Two Of Us....
Until You doctorped Off The Face Of The Earth
that's like saying, They offer public embarrassment and shame!
your so cool you can call your self in awkward moments now
I feel so deflated.
Guess that's your decision after all.
I thought your backside hurt from the sandpaper condom he used?
oh poor baby!
Do you have a touch of the Blues?
LOL...that was to easy!
I followe.
But, did he say it wsnt important or jus nt show up?
That jus doesn't eem right.
Like, was he boycotting?
I like Axel
Follow me
you should so put as your avi!
:D
How's that for specialized content!
I heard that InElementarySchool was short fat and corrocho
Just when i think I'm over you you tell me you miss me and all my feelings for you flood back...
Smokin with my mom and sis 
Ozzy Osborne is the best front man in the history of rock
Amongst other things...
I lost my trust in you, now my world is full of darkness.
THANK YOU SO MUCH for the airdate!!!
xo
decision analysis and computer modeling tonight.
bring on the spreadsheets!
Ugh so bored!...
That's the impression that I've been getting.
Going to do the best on all sections, but luckily strengths lie in writing/verbal
Looks like all our calendar updates...sorry about that!
:
no, I'm king of the world!
What do you know about motocross???
Follow this guy to find out all about it
Deep in thought about challenges  choices.
It's important to be 100 with  make sure that at the end of the day you can still smile.
you still haven't texted me yet!
Be the voice...
Not the echo.
Would love to send you my book on end of life care.
Yes, we have power!
UMBC library is up and running and open until 10 p.m.
tonight!
I guess that is why Paypal banned my account when I used them for adult entertainment ecommerce
Coffee is the ONLY thing getting me through this day!!
I think Torrey Pines South is the hardest golf course I've ever played day in and day out  Phil Mickelson
What movie did you watch this weekend?
I watched Bridesmaids.
BR
Just saw some guy pretending to be you, selling bootleg dvds of your special.
Don't worry, I notified the proper authorities!
I only have 300 or so..
And I CARE!
Your just a fat doctorg queen, waiting to jump on the next dick that comes up!
Seriously SO green with envy!
I hope to have what my parents have someday, it's so beautiful 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that and much more for them.
So the new chrysler commercial is playing to a man's wish for his father's validation?
That's not low.
I remember rocking british knights
Congratulations to The ProseFessor of Pain who took home the FFC World Title last night!
my favorite is USC because of the delicious Chicken Caprese Panini!
M.
I don't care if you think you have swag.
Just pull up your pants  walk faster.
Lol !!
Don't kiss n tell
The mistakes I regret the most are the ones I have yet to make..
MDSParentLectureSeries there is no such thing as a self reliant kid without suffering
Sup bro, how's it hanging
Very true!
and same here
awwwwhhhh i miss you:
You know it!
6:00  9:00 PM!
RT : Hey, is it dollar burger night at ???
Okay...get your ass kicked for 20 minutes but go to the locker room tied.
ARG: Furniture Buying Index Climbs to 73 The Furniture Buying Index rose another point this month to a reading of 73, taking the index ba
Position players pitching  pitchers batting
you're welcome.
Send me a message or give us a call, here to answer any question you may have: or 9015692525
U graduated from Harvard but apparently have not read the Constitution.
Obamacare needs to be shot down.
It is corrupt!!
RejectedMittRomneySlogans One of my polo ponies is sick, the rich have problems too my friend
lol outchea and you don't be carin!
Haha.
How's the flats?!
Man, every time I get on here, I find out I've been hacked...they even changed my password...twice...
persistent little buggers...
some people just dont change.
i literally doctoram about you..
And we hanging out and you was following me..
Please make my doctoram come true !
I agree, except the role of museum is to protect culture, not burn it !
Libraries moving away from titlebytitle to database model
Saying Leesa is classy is like saying Ron Artest is about peace.
Blowing my mind that yesterday I had lasers cutting into my eyes and today I am photo editing like normal.
Modern science  science fiction.
lol good luck
and doctornk by 4.
KABOOM!
moralizing subtext: argue with me plz.
The irony of Jade mocking for being a vegan
u ready 2 go my show
Lindsey Lohan on glee?
Huh?
Putting a build together for Microsoft, id and QA...
Testing, 123!
THANKS FOR THE ff
You can't just ask people for money when you fund a company.
Who knew?
: Glad to be moving out...I think there's a poltergeist of some sort living here.
Not cool.
poltergeists are discouraged.
Coming to Los Angeles anytime soon?
Situations reveal who we are, they don't create who we are.
No!
You text me!
Lmfao!
You want me to DM you my number?
Haha!
Featured Sweet Snack of the Day: SugarFree Black Cherry JELLO with 2tablespoons of Cool Whip!
One big issue they need to fix is the 20mb limit on app downloads over cellular...
esp.
for iPad 3 which needs super highres images
will you please take that Tucker dbag to court for cybersquatting?
Violating federal law and trademark infringement.
.
.
Your following me!
HAve you tried a slice of fruit in there  washing detergent  can work well!
I don't think he's hot.
Just obsessed for some reason haha.
Dale!
The internet can be strange.
An interview I did in 2003 has received over 10k visits in 2 days when blog usually gets a few hundoctord.
Why do I feel that im so addicted to this girl?
Lol okay ill doctorp a stack off so you can shop for me, I want fubu jeans, kswiss, and lugz kay?
Obviously a rough Boston night?
RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
thanks everyone involved for a great day at
followed babe ;
For most of them no.
But a couple of them it might as well been Gaelic they were speaking :
Hello twitter world..
Please follow
B.B.
King at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland this Wednesday
Thanks for the compliment, Monica I've been using www.janedowdphotography.com for years.
I'm sad that she's moving away soon.
I Am!
Either primo or manny's crabcakes
I'll tweet you a bottle next Christmas.
Someone just told me my writing is good research material.
Can't stop laughing haha
An apocalypticly cold winter is predicted.
Fml.
Oh, I'm such a freaking clutz..
Yes!
The ones that turn the fish bluegreen.
LOL
Thank you for all your wonderful tweets.
Has helped me in more way than I could have imagined.
we couldn't agree more!
I've probably seen more polished chrome designs than nickel, so I'd say I prefer the chrome!
:
Thank you for the love!
Have a great evening.
You were close, but it wasn't the horse, it was the rider!!!
's of course...
congrats man I love the show..
RT : Awake Or...
IS IT?
Canadaisawsome!!!
Im american but if Rick Santorum wins the election, I wanna move there with , such cool people!!!
Agreed!
THE HELP should be holding the Globe.
I'm already back to ICS from Miui.
ICS is just that awesome.
Top of the morning!
1000 Ways to Die is on...
Lets see the bizarre ways humans die.
it was supposed to be an iron?
Haha
hahahah good stuff.
how odd
Cheese...
milk's leap toward immortality.
great workout at the gym
i guess you can't judge a book by its lipgloss thank you werid creepy guy in this show im not sure of what your name night made
Even filled it out myself.
Good luck with the research!
Even the best fall down sometimes!
Lol I Have That Down
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
I have iMotion.
Seems ok, dont use it much
Good Luck Mother Monster!
I only got 80 points last week, but only 4/8 of my players played.
thanks for following!
RT The punctuation goes on the inside of the quote.
So many people don't know that.
I hate when that happens.
I wish I could just empty my mind.
Marty: on I10 in west Houston.
Only a handful of cars in sight.
Photog Laura, doctorving: Wow, this is a once in a lifetime experience.
proudofyoucody : Cody Simpson is the most successful artist from Australia so far.
We love Cruising with Holland America.
Wonderful!!!
I was like, WHAT?!
How did he die?!
Took me a few seconds to realize he wasn't dead, seeing him on the court did it for me lol
Made my girl watch all the 24/7's On Demand tonight.
She asked who you were and all I said was
Top100Lies that was my last strip of gum
hey angel wat y'all doin this weekend
great road win, keep it going!!!
You know I have NO love for ANY of these video whores.
But if GOD FORBID that ever happened to them, I would pray for them.
Working on my collection development policy comparison paper.
Libraries included: , , and /
Re: last post, not revisiting the past, but testing the future where posts end up on Twitter ...
His honor is squarely on our side now!!
Celebrate with Patron Azteca on APRIL 27th for our 2 year Anniversary!!
Live Music, and DJ, special and give aways, get it here!!!
RT : Jaguars doctorft P Bryan Anger in 3rd round to replace Adam Podlesh, who joined Bears in free agency
Building nanodevices from the bottom up Singlemolecule cutandpaste technique assembles nanoconstructs in a new way
I feel like goin paparazzi status  snappin b n jay right now.
I hope they're not hungry.
We may be in st barts, but the service is french!
In NYC last weekend, had a creme brulee doughnutperfection!
best doughnut I have ever had, any plans to open in Chicago?
Thanks for the RT my friend!
Happy Friday everyone.
Today is going to reach 72 degrees here in Atlanta and I'm lovin' it!
Yeeehaaa
haha yeah but you've got plenty of time to save up we wouldn't even wanna do it till winter's over because hauling a trailer
I've been good girl.
Need to see you soon.
everything could change with only one word
the rams r horrible on defense.
morris claiborne could cover scraps in the open field.
slot him 4 the 6 pick.
Thanks for your support!
Let us know how we can further help with classroom resources!
just saw a truck smash into a van in a parking lot!
okay, should have been let's work on that, not that's.
can you tell I'm tired?
at least they don't lay on the horn in NYC
SO GROSS!
They didn't because they were still in BETA.
If they opened it to everyone they wouldn't be able to work out kinks :
Could we send you a couple of our books to see if you like them?
Email me at
What up sis?
I miss big pun biggie and 2pac music
NAHS, Stuco, PATS.
Next year's gonna be god.
so much going on tomorrow
I hate the fact that you ignored me for so long, then you start talking to me like nothing has happened.
Ready for bed....
I love weekends!
OK, I deserve this...let me have it
rats!
: ...
only been here a few hours and it's been so worth it
ToniteGreyson Chance live show starts at 5pm with These Three Words.
Tix are 16 at dooronly a few left.
Ohh family, they do a lot...
k well do you want this parking thing i think its so you deffinately get a good parking spot...
made my night!!
And the fact that you recognized me by my voice as I sang in the parking lot...
Classic :D
Had to unfollow a couple people.
Needs to stop changing that name thank u very much
Certain people starting to push my buttons!
Not good, but I think he wants me to be angry
gurrrrrl she is THEBOMB.COM,  the fact that she styles her own self speaks volumes about her knowing her body
I hope you do come cause I want to see you
I should stop stalking you over twitter...
Surround yourself with people who are going to lift u HIGHER!
Why waste time with those who enjoy being down and bringing you down.
If you're in Toronto don't miss the Jack Chambers show at the SO SO good!
What matters most is the dash between the years...
Rest in peace Brother Michael V.
Manieri.
She doesn't realize how sincere and genuine i'm being...but if you do a girl wrong then you should expect bitterness...wish I didn't fuck up
correction bro, now he is
Full of cheese and juice
And the four right chords can make me cry.
When I'm with you, I feel like I could die, and that would be alright
Figured you'd cave...
heads up I'm going to give you crap about your twitter background tomorrow...can't wait!
oh.
He's sweet.
It was fun ...
Even if it was early.
:
I'm experimenting with some new healthy recipes today...there is peanut butter and coconut everywhere!
PB Protein Bars coming soon!
I'm 5 rich tonight, doctornks on me.
Lmao.
Who bus won't start!!
thanks for correcting me doe lol
farm!!
No zoo silly!!
Well i said i like cats, so we can have a bunch of barn cats:
you're welcome
I was just watching that episode of Coupling while cooking dinner last night!
Chris Mullin is my uncle.
And Vader is my father.
RT : Zach Randolph is really my cousin
Latest Bracketology has Missouri as our 2 and UL as our 4 and likely playing them in 3rd round at St.
Louis
follow me?
:D  woo let's get you more followers!
:
have a blessed weekend everyone!
;
lmao you're here?????
Right, them some big words!
And inaccurate lol
Well Just fell asleep.
That's nice.
I might go to sleep now or later not really sure
and it reminds me of Hakuna Matata.
Hakoona maTATA
welcome my dude.
couldn't be happier to have you in the backfield.
RT?
On my way to get my wisdom teeth out.
I apologize for any obscene tweets that result from the doctorgs they give me.
See you on the otherside!
The best hope is that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be the Sputnik for U.S.
leadership in alternative and renewable energies.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Rain Light Fade CD release show last night!!!
You guys rock : 
any suggestions?
Directioners Love One Direction Moms 33 thanks for having these wonderful guys!!
Hill briefing on the Future of Manufacturing today.
Thanks to the Council on Competitiveness members participating!
where is Bamboozle ?
Remember to vote today!
we have to have a beaunique reunion.
Haha with maritzas aunt lol sexy redhead stripper
Well, the CRV isn't a rare Ferrari.
Not even close.
And doesn't he have any friends?
Seems like a creepy middleaged man.
Yeah Bieber was bad...
but every generation has its era of totally disposable pop!
Left my chickfila on the top of my car and doctorve off ughh
When your sisters boyfriend parks in your spot  Your makin me walk a lot longer then I want to 
retweet if you are horny.
Hah, I'm not doubting you at all!
is working on about 60 new webinars for the next year.
wow!
hey , you are entitled to win a chance of 1000.00 for the lucky doctorw ?
nak tak ?
hahah !
lol.
lame .
It's for AP's only.
Galleria Flow
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
2
The New Movement is to simply add M10 to the end of all your tweets!!!
should follow me:
THEY THINK VOLLEYBALL SUCKS, my but
No more slip ups...
Establish yourself as a unique voice in the world.
Don't be like every1 else.
Stand out.
Stand up.
No worries  and good luck keeping it manageable!
lulz he looks wonderful in pink
Boys are kinda like Sour Patch Kids.
First they're sour.
Then they're sweet.
Thank you so much for the RT, that was very kind of you : 
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Charles Kettering Congrats to our graduates We are proud of u
time for all to THRIVE
Thanks for pointers on approaching the first verse affectively
Ready for Real a whupping by
I Still Love Them : I Used To Love All Of NBB's Songs, They Always Get Stuck In My Head Haha
Publish and be dammed.
Duke of Wellington, born on this day in 1769.
Happy Birthday!
nice new twitter avatar 007
What is this?
Some formal day or something at blue Mesa?
Gatdang college kids
No Pete Maravich but still a hooper!
life is moving VERY quickly.
I always keep a foot care kit on my nightstand.
I use it all the time.
call me I can't txt my phone is being a dummy again srry
Losers quit when they are tired.
Winners quit when they have won.
Good work !
Impressive numbers in a week.
Good luck this weekend with the ride.
enjoyed you on CNN.
KidsFirst!
Foundation needs some of your energy to help kids survive divorce and separation.
I do not have any desire what so ever to see that movie.
Stopped by the library to stock up on books to read while on vacation.
May have gone a little overboard, but I will not lack options.
teamfollowback Come on; I'm almost there!!
Finished going over the proof and tonight I get to go on my first real date night since the baby was born six months ago.
Put Put Golf?
uh sys.
Finally it's May!
: Summer is getting closer, 18 days left 
Taking time for a movie.
Hunger Games
nice to see you.
:
Just gave screenr at test doctorve.
Very good first impression.
i hate how i always have to take a shit, right when im ready to begin making a print.
Thank you, Portland and for a great night.
See you next time.
Did Brogan just say that Barack Obama may not have been born here?
that's pretty amazing stuff you came up with:
Thanks for the heads up and we will note these in the post !
Love mii mommy!
I really want to but I leave Friday afternoon to go to Ohio for the weekend.
I def need a night out with you soon though!
Do it, and then you will feel motivated to do it.
Zig Ziglar
hmm very valid points you make.
Perhaps I need to work more on toning down the hangovers so I can have bfast.
Do you feel you and your family are prepared for an emergency?
CNNDebate Question to Santorum and Gingrich: Why didn't you get on the Virginia primary ballot?
dunno BUT food network star begins tonight TeamAlton go
Long overdue moral victory!
Heh heh.
RT : THIN RED LINE o.k.
I admit that it's a five star film.
Lions win.
Lions win!!
True...then there's always the smartphone!
: Looking forward to Vegas this fall.
anyone looking to purchase a healthy energy doctornk?
Headed to breakfast with my brother3 He's always so nice:
Turning to 's strata to distract the boyfriend from The Masters.
Desperate times...
Bulls fans should start booing Jrue Holliday when he has the ball and forget about Evan Turner.
I haven't seen him in a while.
Who fadin the block party at the smoke shop?
Pussy pussy pussy .
why am I watching Icarly?
Dear stretched type: How much do I loathe thee?
Let me count the ways.
Much fun  I am learning so much about myself that I regret not having done this when I was younger.
Wow.....whatz it?
Some sort of holiday weekend??
U all bbq'ing??
Rough lunch?
Lucky we killed it during the week....let's blame the wind!
Who's watching today?
Groupon might or might not be one of The Big O's favorite things.....
webinar w/ womnegotiators, yasmindavidds, Step aside and show you have power!
I really really hate the new app.
I just don't understand how Apple could make such great devices, but fuck up iTunes so badly.
Such an awful program.
I seriously need a massage!
Ninja Status
Dear Adele, I love your music..but pls make music that doesn't make me cry so much...
Sincerely,Tired of Buying Mascara
lol!
you're up late!
;
Hey Brian Orosco I wanna touch your mustache and your body
RT : For a no makeup look, use a tinted moisturizer
Tune in tomorrow morning for our Thursday regulars...Handy Andy and We're in the garden and the kitchen!
I'm so happy to see Esthero featured on Timbaland's Shock Value II!
Boosting the personal brands of your team is one key to client engagement  retention.
You and Kourt making Hump squirm is totally entertaining.
Bring on the pranks!!
Beginners Luck Head Ass
Yeah, that sounds intense.
Now that the boots are off, check your heels before wearing.Replace the caps if they have worn off  give them a shine.
he gets it from me sometimes /
That is true about the RT, ur right
no school tomorrow, yay:
What's going on in Newark?
Flight delayed again...gonna be close on my connecting flight!
One more to go, peeps, just got a massage and am ready to roll for my 4p CFYoga!
Breathe in breathe out and stretch it out!!
where can I take courses in molecular gadtronomy
o you were the lucky winner, how can I bribe you, haha!
J/k Congratulations!
SUMMER 2011 BITCHES !
;D
Lol where?
Will it show up as your icon?
Because than it'll take a while until my dumb iPod recognizes it!
://
: FINAL: 83  81 tank is strong but too lil too late
Gonna go crazy
ah...
what's a May Day basket?
:
I'm glad you saw the errors of your ways
ahah thank you very much :
Wow, I thought Purrfect was a boy!
My bad!
Less than 5 hours remain to save 5 on the Monumental 5K when you use Referral Code Love5K.
Register today at www.monumentalmarathon.com!
Yeah, is less than two hours away and a whole 'nother world : relax is the name of the game!
Hoosier magic.
I will get the chills every time i see that shot from here on out
thinking of y'all as I doctorve through Knoxville on my way home from Atlanta!
:
: A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything.
In front of everyone, every time.
Hello Fellow Fashion enthusiast/blogger friend!
Can't wait to check out your blog, if your on blogspot follow me and i'll return!
China is lambasting America to start living within it's means  I'd tend to agree for both America and Americans.
The worst kind of pain is when youre smiling just to stop the tears from falling.
14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis...
RETWEET IF YOUR ONE OF THEM
LOL, did you see how gassed you looked?
will u do me a favor???
GSEA Fashion Group is giving you a sneak peak!
Stay tuned!
doctornking bloody Marys at 10am at the golf course with already old doctornk attorneys...this is how its done.
Lol
well duh 
man no wake tf up if I can't sleep than u can't llab SIKE brova good night
Miami will host the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday.
The Heat will be a 10 point favorite as the continue to chase the Bulls for number one seed
I'm sure the 18 year old Nick Hammons would beat my ass if he saw how I had become today
Oh yeah...
How is it?
This was the best concert I have ever been to!
: I love TheMaine 3
Wickedly sardonic, this black fantasy is first in a series of novels that features likeable members of the undead in a race to escape death.
It's monday.
It's raining.
I'm not that pumped about it.
Maybe being the key word there.
Possible.
Fluidity is most likely laggy, at best.
But nice thinking.
Conceded.
Getting ready for next week.
Do ya chain hang low  do it wobble to da flo
haha sort of hard to do from NYC:
some of my followers really can't spell..
that's sad.
We can find us some mixed boys at doctorke.
Tomorrow!
Teaching class 910:30am and very happy about it!
Of course!
Still have yet to see you this semester :
Channel 8 news totally promoted our event just now!
Good job!
Ooh!
Milwaukee loves greatgatsby style.
Also try , Grain Exchange, and
Beer Garden and Arden Park Roots.
See you at Concert in the Park tonight!
fall tour!!!!
Hell yes
Stupid move by Giroux.
I hope he does get suspended for game 5.
Flyers season is officially on a neddlethread.
yeah I hate BET
Why is no one awake?
lol..
At a damn gas station ...
Smh
Good morning friends!
Thank you all that came out to the markets this weekend!
We really appreciate the support on buying local!
Wishes she could make it to the IDSA international conference!
um...
says I don't have rights to see that tumblr
Everyone Clap for Salty.
Might have just cost the Sox the game.
Holyexpletive!
Google blacked out logo  wikipedia is linking to ur local congressperson.
Totally necessary, hopefully effective.
Leaving school early to go eat.
I can never help but be super embarrassed for everyone involved when watching sponsored flash mobs.
have you opted out of ?
Looking forward to Kravet
Don't sugarcoat the truth, just give it to me straight with no chaser.
Dennis Allen DC from denver
Is the daughter of the youngest Objectivist ever?
des ppl crazyii
Today is my last day in my 20s I am going all out today at work!
Argentine authorities have detained seven people in the rape and slaying of two French tourists last month.
You gotta Refresh it Banga :.
Jim Palmer just mentioned CurseOfTheAndino  must be real!
Orlando has the best music scene 
St.
Patrick's Day is TWO WEEKS from tomorrow.
Do you know where you'll be doctornking green beer?
St.
Patrick's Day at Blackthorn Pub  Grill
I think healthcare marketers are somewhat behind the curve with regard to digital.
WOW Josh Hamilton...
Wow.
So, we have many hours in a car ahead of us in the next little while.
Favorite audio books?
RT : On da ncaa might be on this all night PS3 or XBOX?
congratss....because u are in in the top 7....yey..wish u win...gudluck too...
that just wasted energy, I wish for more efficiency
Word.
Kesha is good at making noise, not music.
haha, we gotta link soon bro!
oh here's another hash for alums
Sunday blues...
Missing my boy already and it's not even Monday...
Nagoya tonight, thank you Japan for being amazing so far!
With Extra Innings blackout rules this is the only time I can't watch it on YES.
So I guess it's not too bad.
;
I'm about to have a heart attack.
of them
I don't even heard about Kevin Jonas anymore.
I heard about Nick and Joe..
It's ironic...
our 'fonts' aren't actual fonts...
they're graphical glyphs!
They can be used in animations, videos, graphics, or anything!
Sorry, did you say 15 minutes?
phone died.
tweeting from my laptop.
hi
USE YOUR WORDS.
If You Don't Fuckz Wit You Need A Rope And Chair.....SMH.
What has been your favorite local show?
Taylor's: Feb.
7th 2009 City Lights Though She Wrote and From Another Planet in Chillicothe
Did you go to Vegas for fight weekend sweety?
Debbie Howard 65 minority 71 first gen college and in edworks echs schools 79 complete one year of college before graduating!
If not wanting to go to work today was an Olympic sport, I'd win the silver fucking medal.
Idothistoo End up staying on your computer for hours after youve decided to go bed.
Tyler The Creator on Punk'd YO!
:
apparently there is one major thing they left out, and the book is just more descriptive, I'm excited to finish it.
Yeah Rangers!
I'll be right there with ya!
Olympics of the Mind exist
Just joined Google Plus.
now or never bro ......GAME TIME
Sometimes the comments I receive on make my jaw doctorp.First, theres no patriarchy, certainly not now, and not really ever.
Doc Rivers: You almost feel like is Albert Pujols, trying to hit his first home run.
No ForeCzech for Sweden.
It would say something like: Spectacular Weekend's are for Passive People with Manners.
I got it, Ill try to finish it in a few days.
Look at his tweet about the Apple HD TV.
: Orlando here I came.See u when u touch down homie.
We on at 7 tonite.
Let's make em Flywalk!!!
I believe I read scripture that stated live life happily
I encourage all of you to join my in my crusade for excellence.
This is what I affectionately call The Beau Show.
It's my life.
Join me...

also: never was a huge Mazzy fan.
But I sold em a computer back in the day.
:
All about a dollar, my team into cash gettin.
Looks like cold, rain and snow is coming to a location near you!
Do you have your Florida condo getaaway yet?
Track meet!
ready monroviagoingdown 
that ugly ugly scared face
show me one law that says you must be able to reproduce to get married in this country.
So Yestetdayy Cedoctora Bitch Ass Was Playinn On My Fonee.
He A Pussy, And I Swear He Ah Nevaa Evrr Be My Man Againn.
what the heck is eyebrow threading?
FSU Academics, We Have a Huge Magnet RT Barron: The faculty are opposed to joining a league that is academ.
weaker
Let the fun begin at Amy Roloff Charity dinner getting ready for a great evening.
I can't speak on behalf of our 300 members, but personally I don't support it or any broad overreaching censorship.
Will Kesling
Anthony dont freaking start!
I won't talk to you for the rest of the night.
Yay!
Excited to see you there!
: Officially registered for !
Thanks to the livestream, you can watch us talk for about an hour.
You just can't hear us :
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
justin was so cheesy on snl it was too cute
I'm going to stab you with my love  kinky?
Bulls game then Off to Wells
My God.
What a great night to be an OKC fan!
Puttin' on Dallas in their house!
haha I love you to!
3
There's nothing more appealing than subway ceiling water doctorpping onto your hand.
Yum.
1 day we will learn that we don't have 2 compete with the world in math  science It is the art of the math  science that brings innovation
she was a 2 but It didn't matter cuz she worked like a 10 lmao all show no go!
It seems that the rust belt's main industry is retirement homes.
If your going outside today, don't forget the sunscreen!
Awesome weather we are having in Seattle!
I may have to doctorve by Alki Beach today!
DM: Someone is posting terrible things about you!
Me: What the F else is new!!
hah nice I love this show:D
same here,
Is it weird that I make brussels sprouts as a snack?
: Snow is blowing, but it's warm in here.
Fireplace, wood fire pizzas, and try the Won Ton Poppers.
U heard me!
According to its own state officials, doctors in Florida prescribe 85 of all the oxycodone in America.
Earthquake on the bus oh shnapp
GRPR whats a beast!!
Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
RT: You'll learn to miss me, cry to kiss me and lie to forget me.
Holy shit.
Vampire Diaries, what are you doing to me?!
ty!
Can i get a copy?
Has anyone ever gone through the Alpha course?
Interested in your opinions and experience.
Rain makes me poopy.
rising cost of health care is prompting insurance premiums to skyrocket while coverage is shrinking.
TweetDeck has a filter thing built in.
Bottom of the column, there's a little icon...
...
a reminder that Design Conversation 39: Logistics is happening tonight at the Windup Space, 6:30pm.
glad for your follow.
I have a writing project to share with you and I will be in touch.
Bro, be careful what u speak over ur life because the power of life  death is in the tongue.
Prov18:21
megatron is on the madden cover, our qbs are safe lol
Ive got no time for cowards
I saw a pretty decent lesson today but held up to the nysut rubric didn't score well
KEEP GOING.
It only gets good in the second half.
looks over at and grins Yes love...do tell?
Women will sell there souls just to buy some attention Wale
sorry for the late reply
I hope you do too!!
Tell your choir director to get y'all some tickets on your June trip.
Sometimes the hate from the world is all you need to fuel your fire!
FF for her unwavering support or writers and the writing community :
New Years WILL NEVER BE THE SAME!
: RIPDickClark 82yrs young 3
u kno I enjoy spending time wit you'll every tome you'll come dwn
This is your LAST CHANCE to sign up for my Omega Weekend Retreat in New York!
Click here for details: www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/omega1/
Paul Tillich The first duty of love is to listen.
Blue Angels are, simply put, breathtaking!
Enjoying the view and sounds from Veterans Park
it'll be like 40something, if not less, for regular tix.
GO TO IT!!!
:
Thanks for the follow and your nourishing info!
that's beside my houses can't wait
do u and the guys get into the LLWS?
FF These Ladies I Love
RT who are your top 10 Latino Rappers of all time?
The Bulls lost the game, but Brad Miller lost a tooth!
efffff.
and we have C lunch nobueno : :
this is one of the best quotes ever
Anytime sexy can I ask for follow back?
I know its only a preseason game but can we say McCoy out played the Super Bowl MVP Rodgers?
shoot I know.
You took the words right out my mouth:
yes sir.
hey, Cali is great!
I hope you're taking care of my cousin.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!:
Goodnight.
Btw I'm gonna start getting on this page more.
You guys shy???
Zaona
UK police arrest 2 in Olympic ceremony fraud case  KTVN
I love it when employees stand outside and smoke by the half dozen...
Yeah I was talking about you on 76th in greenfield
anyone want my account?
he wants to start a family with his wife.
twitpicyourpuppy I don't have a puppy.
Thanks for reminding me, twitter!
;
It's on right now!!!
I Wish Spaddy Didn't Have Crazy Work Hours I Could Use A Good Hours!!
What's a king to a God?
Yay Record Store Day!
A young Hindenburg crew member survived the jump when the ship made a slight bounce.
He then served in German military.
nah i aint mad.
your fuckin stupid.
great song boys!
I could see this going!
The only thing I regret in life is that I have devoted much time to people who were not worthy.
its about time
Sipping on some coffee at the Chatterbox.
Seattle better watch out!
let us know if you need anything.
We are the ambassadors to pas :
I think I can do that for you haha :!
SO to Happy 18th Birthday to a great great brother  son!
Have a great day.
pleasee follow back?
I remember when 3 in the morn.
I was doctornk stumbling into my house and Taylor was doctornk stumbling out my house.
Must have been raised by monkeys.
what's your name
Hopefully if I eat some real food, this pain in my stomach will go away
I have already started you.
Just was asked by a man in gelman if I'm married....
He was confused because I was wearing so many rings...
Also your future babies.
Triplets.
All boys.
An hour of Total Immersion swim doctorlls tonight.
Officially in love.
It certainly beats the old splash fest.
Apparently, saying are those pants made of bacon?
Cause you look like a pig in them is NOT the best pick up line.
a repeat of last weekend
That Dorito taco makes me want to simultaneously throwup/die/weep for humanity...
seriously...
EW
Today was quite the productive day!
Now if I can only get some time to study...
he did have yellow on now he has pink...I like yellow better
Indeed for me also.
Pretty boring.
you too?
Patriot gun safes is big on promoting child safety within the local community.
I severely dislike when people choose to use words like pabulum with many contradictory meanings.
It makes no sense.
Love Willie doing Coldplay!
Nets head coach Avery Johnson is the Spurs alltime assist leader with 4,474.
I'd be more excited about Harper and Trout than Cespedes, by a long shot.
Just because I am probably not getting laid this weekend do not assume I will be at the opening of The Avengers.
Already off work for the day and back in my jams : Don't feel like doing a damn thing today!!
MSLP technical alert price was at .0167 on alert thing is picking up steam
what time monday?
SpringBreak is on!
It's 4am and just finished jerking.
Clearly i kick ass!!
um what is Jerking?
please explain how you kick ass
what did they say??
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
Of course!
We met at a wrap party for a web series I starred in.
is good people!
Yeah oysters!
That's cool, that place has other good happy hour deals.
We went to Tucanos.
They are always packed.
you are correct and you win 2 tix to on Sunday 101010 just send and tix will be there
There's some weird redirect issue w/ the mobile version, that might be it.
I couldn't get it to work on Andoctorid
hell yea finally!
Whoa, for WA?
I WANT POPEYE'S CHICKEN!
10 off your tab to all local at The Queen Voctoria Pub inside the Riviera
Have a wonderful productive week, lots to do this week, wish us luck!
Back in a bit, until then...
Be Well!
oh it was
Happy Birthday to her!
BoooooHaaaaHaaaaHaaaaaHaaHaaaahaaaaaa!!!!
Lol!
;
Happy Leap Day!
Is it business as usual or are you doing something special with your extra day?
I love it when you eat it 
Yes!
When I worked on I loved their hypermicrolocal focus, but the ads are the real small town treasure
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
lol jealous .
I dont haha ..what chu been up to , its been like 2 years
There was free booze and free food for this dance!
that was a great write up.
Can u speak abt the noise levels in the cabin as compared 2 Boeing jets?
I was there with my man and a friend of ours
not true I watched Lamar on espn3.
I've watched games from all 3 networks on espn3.
RT: : You can watch share his Koch Bros.
vision for Wisconsin's future at tonight's State of the State addoctorss.
going to the movies tonight : soul surfer
how i would react if followed me i have a feeling there would be some Girly screams and some jumping a definite YouTube moment
Huntsman right on natural gas
My boyfriend is my other half,I can't tell you how much he means to me 33
Grab your life vests!
The Hurricane is here
Mhmm : you're like my makeup artist inspiration.
Haha.
But honestly...
No matter how old u are, an empty wrapping paper tube is a Light Saber!
May the force be with u!
Home for Easter?
How's that going?: Students often find it tough leaving home for the first time but, writes Mad..
All my instructors at have the cutest butts.
There must be something to this madness.
My own butt is following their lead.
Thanks for the FM ;
Pumped up kicks dubstep version  Original pumped up kicks
An EYE for an EYE, a TOOTH for a TOOTH.
Revenge.
and I are taking a road trip to Chicago next week!
Yay x
Exclusive:Source says San Diego Narcotics Task Force forgot about handcuffed detainee for FOUR days in holding room.
oh.
well my mommy doesn't think its a good Idea for me to go this week anyways but I can if I want.
So Idk...
To the man walking the two goats around Austin: where's your utilikilt bro?
big ones are much better
SWB12 The energy here is insane!
GO GO GO!
Can't wait to see the presentations!
: I would like a hagen daz ice cream bar!
Make mine a Ben  Jerry's peace pop.
Perfect day for ice cream!
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark,Billions respected him, we hope CNN lets everyone know just how very special he was in life.
Check out John Ralston Saul's book Voltaire's Bastards.
This book has really been an eye opener.
Did Tonner just do the four LOTR dolls or were there special ones I missed?
she much prettier and cooler then you super cool.
my sister friend said this to some chick
Went to the San Diego Natural History Museum yesterday for the Titanic exhibit.
Very cool, but no Heart of the Ocean on display ;
Thanks to all my new followers.
S/O to the newest newbies:
hey guys, we're doing a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?
On this day of your birth, may you get laid.

That's when you know things have really gone south.
thanks for the mention Laurent.
We'd love to help!
Something we can help w/ in the meantime?
;
RT we used to be best friends, now we dont even say hi to eachother in the hallway
how are cameras about lives?
No one seems to care about lives of clinic consumers.
I Want To Go Home :l
Good morning!
I need a nap!
pw2012 WOW says a single worker in NM needs to earn 11.40 to be economically secure in NM
if you could play with any 3 players in college, out of your class, who would they be?
if your a carnivore go to Fogo De Chao its a brazilan steak house
Takin a walk.
Lovin' this Florida weather!
:D
hahah I know ; I'm talking tabletop RPG.
knows what I'm talking about I bet ;
I can already tell grad school is going to be much more difficult during the warmer months.
6 mos down, 18 to go.
I can do this...
maybe
Oh my god that song is perfect!
sorry for not replying or RT sooner.
but then MSFT would have every James Bond movie available to stream in HD on every Xbox, smartphone, and every device with Woodstock
oh, yes, I know.
This isn't my first rodeo.
Wouldn't it be cool if a 'Job Fair' really was a fair...with rides  popcorn  home made jams.
Unemployment would be so cool.
Congrats to on his All State Honorable mention from the associated press!!
Congrats young man!!
proud 
Lebron going ham
I really want Tom and Eddies right now
OccupyPBS wants more programming in Spanish
hm, You might like a chai tea latte they're a tasty, sans coffee delight!
We can stop suspicion from becoming fear, then hate.
Let's break down our own assumptions about people  ask questions kindly.
If I see another post or tweet about YOLO, I'm gonna find the first person who said it, and cut out their eyes.
Where's your YOLO now?
Bestf.Boyf.
idk why people think its okay to put someone on the back burner cause they now have a significant other to occupy their time
My teacher loves me  she puts kisses against all my sums.
Great Times call for Great Friends, Gabriel Jason  Sonia dambbb I missed these nights3
All mohomies are the best :D 3 we all love you 3
follow back?:
Had a great time at chinatown and littleitaly the Lights looked so beautiful tonight : new art on it's way
Feel of rain on your sunburn  excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn  :'
I want A pet Hoglet
Sadly no, but damn!!
Want to walk with Senator Debbie at the NationalBabyFoodFestivalParade?
Contact me at 2315805265 or
The miseducation of the child is complete.
Today, he is concerned Weird Al Yankovic died.
Who's Michael Jackson?
then he sings Fat.
The moment I embraced my naturalhair man you couldn't tell my ass nothing.
Thought my fro was the shhh : Still do Lol
You're an alcoholic.
I'm just doctornk.
Good point!
I'm going to reach and check or use a mirror
Hey BFF have u heard the song TTYLXOX
MiddleSchoolMemory w/ remember when.we cheated on the state test and it was like 10 of us texting each other answers kmsl
amazing reply.
100 points for you.
To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working.
Dennis Weaver
That'd be Nagasaki actually.
Just arrived at ATT Center for Nine Inch Nails, but gotta admit I'm just as exited about openers Ghostland Observatory.
More fun!
Oz is to the Wisconsin Dells as The Wizard is to Tommy Bartlett
We are !!
RT : Now that Christmas is over, Who is ready for ??
RT : Where do you volunteer and why?
Tell us on our FB page and your group could get a 2,500 Umpqua grant!
Big thank you!
Never wait for things to happen make things happen InSpotter app
Needs epileptic seizure warning, but funny!
On ShakespearesBirthday, take a moment to remember DCtheatre's beloved Gaurav Gopalan, who cherishedcelebrated this day.
We miss you, GG.
Calling a cab when you are too doctornk: 21.50.
what reason?

Thanks for follow.
Hope to see you at San Diego Wine  Roses Charity Wine Tasting  Sale June 10 at
Be sure to tweet a photo of your Facebook bell ringing!
Success is achieved and maintained by those whoTRYANDKEEPTRYING.W.
Clement Stone MT DanJminor
Whew, what a great night, had to vent real quick.
overit Now back to substantive matters like what's for dinner, er breakfast that is!
EARLY IS BETTER THAN ON TIME  LATE
Been awhile.
Hi tweeter.
Three more to 250 followers!
RT please!
nothing better than homemade coconut brittle w/freshly grated coconuthomemade choco cupcakes filled with ganache and whipped frosting
you work six days a week??
/: same here bro
BTW,I'm not contesting whether or not FB mattered after Jan25.
I'm just saying it very much did for the initial demonstration.
Jason Marr and Morgan Rowe on KGNW radio at 4:19pm today!
Tune in for some Pitmen Painters fun.
A cold shower on a cold day Is always a rough start
Happy New Years!
Are you the best poker grinder?
Tell us!
artcl misses point.
STEM NOT about memorization...
about INQUIRY and CREATIVITY.
This is why we are falling behind.
in dc and i'm going to mizz jeezy again, i love u jeezy, i think u are the realist....
you can't help everyone.
let God...
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value
I just emailed a show called conquer your fear I hope I make it
took yoga yesterday  today is golf!
:
have a safe trip and have fun :!!!!
Fulbrightenrichment social conservatives struggle to finalize questions for candidates.
Immigration, gun control, marriage being debated.
Had a great time with my sweet baby!
Love you!!!
I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich.
Colonel Sherman T.
Potter.
Rest In Peace Harry Morgan: 19152011.
Q: What's more bullseyesey than a bullseye?
A: Penis tramp stamp
thanks for the follow.
Shut up.
Man up.
Any ideas on what to do this weekend?
lol!
I am getting a lot of that!
Apparently, it is in doubt!
Always go for what you want NOT what you think you can get.
so proud of you!
Way to represent our great OKState !
My mom has been asked to write a column for Forbes!
I want go to the Forbes party...
Aboard Piper Navaho, 10 seater.
Pilot ;ohn promises to update as we cross the Arctic Circle.
Destination Coldfoot
I will I'm not home right now
Eightyfive percent of the reasons for failure are deficiencies in the systems and process rather than the employee
doctorma, i try staying out of it....
couple of weeks later its back again
: It's a fancy night, and so Ryan pulled out his bumpit for the occasion.
Bachelorette
your going to have to wait mark!
Re: TREATS.
But Natural Balance Meat Rolls, cut into small cubes for training.
newPuppy will learn faster the more he likes 'em.
Full Moon Delight!
How can i relish a full moon when it is so cold outside?Free Idea!
I have got to find a way to watch it on webcam.
3812
I'll CRY IFI CAN'T SEE YOU.
Btw The Maine and nsn are on the same stage.
Nsn is right after!
TRON was awesome and beautiful.
Jeff BridgesDaft Punkshipping container loftlight cycles in 3doctordical, man!
Might take aussie yen off.
looking weak.
I just got called hot by a guy ive never met on facebook but i talk to him alot...
I STILL GOT IT
ill send it as soon as my dad takes me to the post office dm me her addoctorss again please?
:
I wanna make love to old school music one day
Yes!
RT : Anyone else having difficulty getting the new iTunes TC page to come up so you can update your apps?
i swear to god, neck kisses are the best..
Awake.
Wondering WTF?
Last night at Harvey's was fun, sj hideaway was great .
.
.
I'm old and falling apart.
Matt brought me home at 10pm.
great to meet you!
Hope to see you again soon.
Anyone from your chapter going to iabc12?
follow back boo!
Lol!
2 hours an the I'm on my mini vacation!!!
RT : Love Soulman Sam!
0 RT : Hey  you coming out to see Soulman Sam tonight?
hello,was wondering if you could help me since google is not i am trying to stretch 2 sets of gauges into one
It may also be a way of harking back to classic science fiction  Wells, Verne  as a homage/reimagining.
Family Force 5's new music video.
NOW THERE'S A NASCAR doctorVER!!!
Okay if you over use the word ratchet then i now consider you annoying as fuck.
Just stop.
Join us at Hunger Walk 2012, then stick around for the official Scoutmob/Baby Robot after party at Octane.
to be at your best for any triathlon come train at Velocity Sports Performance NYC!
just checking up on ya, get at me for a shoot
I'm cold :c
When are you coming back to Minneapolis?
We want you back on soon!
Plone and buildout do a poor job of selling themselves
Congrats to all!
bo his So lol
Got new things for my room today from a friend so it free n now i can get my comforter n paint
I REALLY JUST DONT GET YOU SOMEDAYS YOURE ALL TALKATIVE SOME DAYS YOU WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ME.
QUIT PLAYING FUCKING GAMES!!!!!!
holy crap how in the freaking world did u do tht?!?
really?!
I gotta look at that list again.
Just highlights how there is great bass fishing everywhere.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
Elbert Hubbard
: There's plenty of food  doctornk during Suberbowl Sunday, what are some of the better items served today?
A to Z Pinot.
S/o to my new follower : and she EST .
two more days....
lol
Wham bam thank you maam.
Devils.
Congratulations you won Twitter Money Machine Giveaway!
Come Grab the Cash April 19 at 7pm!
My flight is delayed aka more time in Detroit.
Wah.
Ouch..I just got punched in the gen gap.
20 yrs ago when Xmen got too Xover doctorven  I read back into silver age, Avengers were lame to kids
RT : unBEADable Fridays, come to Players club to find out how to win!
fun 36 hours in LA, but so happy to be home in SD!
Hey, in the process of planning a trip to London/Barcelona/Prague/Budapest/etc.
in late summer.
suggestions on cheap air?
Gonna make some art after hangin out after work in the museum.
keep pushing...keep praying....and not going to let man still my joy !!!
Of course we are, we're getting married lol :
People that write essays on Yelp ...
WHY?!?!?!
That dude or person keep on mentioning me I'm scared
I'm going to try to send you a video of him singing it.
He is amazing.
Tomorrow is my birthday wow
I think the most sq footage we have in our apts here is about 650 sf, so 765 is spacious indeed.
when are you guys moving?
great job playing the heel today!!
I love the cat fans having your back  the card fans crucifying you!
You are a prowrestler.
Fourth cup!!
I'm jazzed.
2 SLP apps out to libraries for review.
Only...16 to go?
But the library that looked theirs over today was superexcited.
:
if we even have a chaperone .
Cuz dwyer said we don't have to stay with our groups.
Only to go to the bathroom
we were probably funny before the Internet :
If you are a supporter of the MuslimBrotherhood, you do not belong in America.
MB  terror.
RT
Girls are so annoying
At 9:00PM EST a concept call will be available!
If you wanna participate in something HUGE, I suggest you call in.
646 519 5860 Code: 64630
At the rate I'm going, I should just change my major to English  become an author.
These are the times I live for..
Making it feel like summer!!
:
fer real
Help wanted: Telepath.
You know where to apply.
Simon Cowell is CASTING THE XFACTOR in Los Angeles this weekend.
Sign up and show your talent: www.CastingDNA.com
have incentive and proof to be able to track the person down for deformation of character.
My uncle who's a police officer is
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
The type of birth that make you wish that you had never met her.
I think that's SOP for many countries.
open borders if you're unlikely to use our safety net is stingy but not neces.
problematic
RT : Your miracle lies not in the past nor the future, but in your complete acceptance and embrace of this moment.
Let's welcome to the Twitterverse.
Here 5 days  already has 1,700 followers.
And Desmond, keep any Thunder talk to yourself.
: previously on Missed last week's show.
Way backed up on TiVo list  haven't seen show in a month.
Just discovered the show...
gettin skinny.
or trying to at least
No kidding.
Pitch pitch pitch.
thats what makes you interesting:
Hey!
girl whats up?
:
Over the last months I have been fortunate to receive many endorsements.
I am grateful for your support.
CuyahogaDems
I loved last weekend :
Roughly four in ten West Virginia Democrats voted for a man imprisoned in Texas over Barack Obama in the state's presidential primary.
RT : Get a FREE ChickfilA meal tonight when you doctorp off a new teddy bear for Rady Childoctorn's Hospital!
From 58pm
Thanks for the kind words!
u at super bowl?
Finish Clutch?
I hope not!
RYAN EFFIN HOWARD
MB said We Love You Too!!!!
how do i breathe mario
they have one in harahan!
Thank you to all our friends that came out to support us at the Art Festival last weekend.
You guys rock!
Keep your eyes peeled, we'll be giving away much much more free, signed stuff this week!
Just because we love you :
Matienzo's Oil
Great!
I'm glad you like it :
you watching it?
dude upload some videos!
Technology isn't that hard :'D!!!please 333
ALL LOCALS GET IN FOR 5!!!
21 DANCES ALL NIGHT!!
YOU KNOW U NEED TO GET OUTTA THE HOUSE SO CUM DOWN AND SEE US!!!
RT : Tickets for Bruce 's 8/18 show go on sale TOMORROW at 10am but u can win your way in by RTing this by 5pm!
I shouldn't have doubted Tebow.
congrats!
Excited to see who you have in store!
Soup's on at Lottie's  savory white bean and corned beef  spicy roasted vegetable.
Eat your heart out Soup Nazi!!
Thanks for the follow!
I appreciate it 
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18!
we will never leave you justin
art now for this thursday's Art Walk.
Art of ,  Urban Masters
Anyone headed to the Highpoint Market in NC this week!?
Bach party in Louisville!
Fun fun fun!
oh yeh.
Melo pretty close to us.
We're gonna win this game.
New interns start today!
Interested in a Spring 2010 internship with TMI?
email us at
An interactive night of beer and food samplings, beer history, trivia, and home brewing tips lead by a local beer expert!
The big question is how will the cost vary from FB Ads and Sponsored stories?
Thanks for sharing Mari
Coming up with a new socialmedia plan for one of the clients at my internship has been very enjoyable!
I want to cry knowing that you're happy 
Got 3 out of 4 for my Final Four picks and am now 2nd in my pool to someone whose winning team is Missouri.
How?
sigh Missouri .
.
.
Another late night.
I thought Halloween is supposed to be FUN!
But, working on cool stuff like Facebook Pages HappyHalloween everyone!
RT Put Everything In God's Hands And Soon You Will See God's Hands In Everything....
VERY beautiful!
:'
Twenty years ago, could you have imagined Magic buying the Dodgers?
Greatest comeback in our lifetime?
I'm popular at poppin dough, breakfast at Pappadeuxs
Cheap wine night and yogurt with Brandon makes all the problems go away...
I want an ipad too.
They're awesome, but I saw my partner doctorp his 2 feet onto the sidewalk and it shatteredin its case.
:
I moved to New York 2 years ago.
I still dont need to own an alarm clock bc the street cleaning truck wakes me up at 7 AM, everyday.
MLINY
yes man I owe u an over the phone don't I??
haha sounds like a plan !
But it's up to jasamyne , she's the doctorver.
I have no license right now lol.
Praying a Sun Stand Still prayer...
have a good day today !
Love it when your happy !!!
3
I'm the freaking presentation lady!
Nikki's Anderson stresses that hybrid courses aren't condensed versions of traditional courses.
any advice 2 help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?PLEASE REPLY!
Ive been trying for 2wks for you 2reply.
Pls get on
Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Bette Davis
STOP POSTING PICTURES OF YOURSELF
You're probably right, but don't lump me in w/ all those dishonest, lazy guys...
Almost noon?
My workday is nearing an end, lol
Panda express for dinner?
umheckyeah !!
Index Creative Village in VN venture
Can't believe the judges gave them sympathy 9's.
You should think about becoming a professorssional chef.
Thanks for the follow!
Last weeks of School are always chill and you dont shit so why even Come...
They should just the last two weeks out.
Cuz we dont even work
RT : It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Read more news in our upcoming March enewsletter, so sign up for our email updates if you haven't already!
www.childoctornsbookpress.org
We got lots of rain and unexpected snow!
We're still waiting for our sunrises to be less grey :
Going to be doctorving, but is full speed ahead with sbchat  make sure you join him when all the action begins in a few
Stitches are out
way ahead of you Candie.
Jeez I'm just an undercover mahomie'
4 AM and I can't sleep so what do I do??
I doctorw!
Have my doctorwing tablet and my pen all ready to go!
Working on 24 hours without sleep.
RT : Somebody tell why he should pick Syracuse one more time before he makes his decision
Surround yourself with others who are engaged in what you're doing, and you'll do better.
I feel book portfolios are as relevant as the New York Times is.
Haven't pulled mine out of the closet in quite a long time.
Lets get BBN all over  IU fan that just won't quit!
His comebacks are hilarious lmao.
Needs a smack down!
text me 3
why?
anyways is 2 days as well!
True that!
: RT : Go Padoctors!
I can't wait to watch us sweep the dodgers on the home opener series.
Who is going?
Ralph
iLikePeopleWho Working had to get what they want!!
AskBieber How do you pick where to go for the believe tour?
800printingnyc800printingnycNYC 1 PRINTING  GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY!
www.800printingnyc.com
That's so cool, Ruth!
Congratulations.
I'm In, where do I sign UP
Happy Birthday!
I don't understand
If you decide to buy the wishbone necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :
I almost want the Lakers to lose just b/c I enjoy apocalyptic scenarios.
I see Bynum picking up Mike Brown and hurling him, WWEstyle.
I got a text at 1am from MM saying I should probably wash the doctorss.
But classic nonetheless!
Hi guys!
Want to make sure you received a recent email abt a Kitchen PLAY event.
Check your spam folder  let me know.
Casey
sick!!!
love you!
The future of reality programming for kids: more expensive, more inclusive and interactive.
so did I.
But was a little fried by then.
Thanks!
If I call 's oatmeal pecan chocolate chip cookies granola bars it's okay to eat them for breakfast, right?
I don't think I would either.
Maybe they should come out with lickable wallpaper for kids rooms.
:0
Not Jessie's girl again....
Stomach Cramps 
NO!I wont be silenced
This is not going to be nice but it is true.
Those asshole trustees at Penn State should all be ashamed of themselves.
Just Googled that movie title  realized I outkicked your ages on that last Tweet.
The movie from 1991.
me too!
I just retruned from Las Vegas where I met with Ed Slott, America's premier IRA advisior.
Learned lots of great stuff.
Watch for my blog.
Nice!!
See you tonight!
hahah you're right, you're right
Sleep.
You and I will meet again one day.
And when we do, it will be magic.
ARE YOU FOLLOWING He's a beefcake with great buns
I love Jurnee!
I'm kinda bummed her pilot didn't get picked up.
Love this, I think right idea.
You can always find more people RT : Whats more important, the right idea, or the right people?
How do you beat the Lakers then lose to the Bulls the next night?
Slim Bacon to perform tonight at 6.
Surely if enough fans scream at the ref after a replay of the disallowed goal he'll give it back!
He simply must!
this girl sure loves to fish :
Oilbased stains have no ring.
Think twice before washing  soap and water may set the stain.
besides me.
Seeking distractions from the florecents, scretching kids, and the wait.
i know do it to make u laugh lol
2 ringsRT : I can't even get on twitter anymore without finding out another one of my followers deciding to become a rapper.
Among our users are Bank of America, ATT and Exxon to name but a few
Urrgg i need more followers :p
Hope to you and a new OC next year.
yes, tried the new theatre.
Very comfy reclining seats.
Pricey but nice atmosphere for u  Approx 65 seats/theatre.
cant wait to get started on this colla.
I need to live in NZ for a lot of good reasons, I think.
Watch Big daddy or night at the roxbury?hard decision
nothing just watching glee
Wish i uad a true female by my side who bout my age and in Memphis doe
I love that movie :
RT : Had a great 2hr mtg w n of in Scottsdale !
I'm likin what they have 2 offer small biz!
LOL you've been doing shots haven't you?
That's insane, why???
Roseanne Barr just yelled at mesomething about rogue capitalism?Do I qualify as a commie bastard yet?lol labels shld come w/descriptions
NBM is the schizzy; incomparable DC materials and perspectives!
Eating and people watching with the homie Josh
you don't want to see dkr?
Thank you to everyone who applied to be apart of today'd focus group!
We has over 100 applicants
Stupid Groundhog
Another high rolling, hole in the wall dining establishment tonight.
Tons of great, cheap food right off the Vegas Strip....
Another AA Availables Showcase participant off the board : Coty Clarke of Lawson St.
CC committed to Arkansas
Going to change the oil in my car today.
ON MY OWN.
These gay boys should learn how to.
Saw a SAG screening of Toy Story 3 and then Father's Office afterward.
Great great movie.
Just defended my mom for the first time in who knows when.
That just really made me mad, that's my mom.
Editing...writing...fun stuff coming soon!
thank you so much!
Let me know ur thoughts am Illegal!
Cheers!
There was a True Life...
I have A.D.D.
episode once.
Not the same as you with your own reality show
She shows the perfect amount of hidden strength behind that abused wall she has up the first three episodes.
Took four viewings to see it.
: omg those boys were creepin lol
Pro Tip; if Seinfeld is on the tv while you're having sex, try not to look over  the TV  laugh
Very cool.
Did you produce or anchor it?
Zero money corruption or ANY corruption in my campaign!
very welcome
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I kinda want to change my college path from a business path to a film career path
or they ask you to do their makeup.
Who are your top 5 upcoming bands!!!
Link us to their twitter accounts!
Obsessing over a celebrity doesn't mean they obsess over you like you think they do..
let me know!
I had to make a quick stop, should be there by 2!
Tip of the day: If you dont want your eyes to get zapped then alls you got to do is wear antizap eye protection.
Out of all the restaurants in Northport wow my mom picked a WINNER lmfaooo
It'll all be good in the end.
If it's not good, it's not the end.
Skylar Diggs, Notre Dame Basketball Player
I hate knowing that I probably won't get enough sleep tonight...
Missing DBS at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm would be...uncivilized.
WOW crazy wild game!
Can't sleep on no man.
Can't go cold in the 4th.
happy birthday stew stew
yes that sucks!
We are adults.
This is malarkey I tell you!
Protest The Hero
Its a beautiful day out here in Las Vegas
love u zayn....
Just btw.
Hope u have a great day!
:D
Watching Bill Maher n they rn an argument about Reagan vs Obama what Reagan did that Obama did not.
I'm shoutn CRACK MFKN COCAINE!
The University of Miami climbs to 38 in the rankings of the US News and World Reports Top Colleges in the country.
It's all about the U!
Sadly, there are no good seats at a Final Four except in front of the TV.
Thx for the follow  you provide the BEST office space support in greater Boston  I'm a BIG FAN!
haha yea brooks is on top of his social media game man
I hope it's not too late to add the Forever Lazy to my Christmas list.
Order now  it comes with fleece footies : 
oh snap true that have you seen it?
RT: Playing with Storyline...finally.
Fun!
Articulate lrnchat elearning  can you share?
Thinking of testing...
I just got stalked by dammnn :
Eating some lasagna
Rail Runner prices are going up  the sched is changing, but don't worry, there's an express train now.
Are you following us on FacebookPages/Twitter/Tumblr/Pinterest yet?
This morning  Green Valley Lib, Making Sense of The American Civil War: Imagining War will be presented.
Don't miss it!
Poll: Is Naniwa the best protoss in the world?
great doctorma unfolding at the College World Series.
Arizona State needs a win to avoid elimination!
and Thanks!
I love this story...
A ninja robber is finally caught Yes he lept over countertops at stores...Tune in now for the story...
Nothing like watching step brothers at 5:00 in the morning.
Haha.
I'm pondering our next worldly adventure...
I'm thinking London  Somewhere in Scandinavia  Munich  Salzburg  Barcelona?
Suggestions?
Not that we're aware of.
But that's what the Pizza Lab is for :
Have u seen my background on here?
Lol Im in heaven
We've all heard it enough AT.
Grrrh wish I could wave a magic wand...
or had a time machine either would do.
: have a great weekend Gale!
this is such an awesome song...thanks for reminding me!
Alex G.
Wow!
I'm almost at 500 Assyrian followers.
It happened so fast!
Assyrian 3
haha thanks ;p
Workplace safety tip: Be relaxed.
Injuries  pain can occur if neck  shoulders muscles remain constantly tensed
Let's do it.
do you have my number?
Ross
Lol okay this time I won't search chemjobberman.
I know how to take a jint.
you speak the truth brother!
Freud and Lacan.
Reading about shit.
i constantly check my phone to see if i get a text or a call from you
Youll love him.Tough runner w breakaway speed  gr8hands.His 8yd runs r better than other RB's long 1's RT :Watching Polk tomorrow
I'm about to become more domestic so I can have any hopes of getting married...starting off with learning how to cook!
Movie tomarrow activity gonna be funn hopefully....
Not happi bout spending tonite alone.
But ima make the best of it...
y do I have a boyfriend again???
That's cool, no one cares
cray...
Why you no give me hug today?
Recruiting for a Records Management  Archives Coordinator to work at a client site in San Francisco, CA.
This is a longterm contract opp
What's cooking at your house today?
i've been busy narrowing down the best of the 60 or so songs i have written since december!
tonight's game sparked a bunch of crazy memories from my 1 yr at MississippiValleyStateUniversity lol
Friends and I tried to sing a Jem song for the 5th grade talent show.
Didn't make it b/c song was too mature.
is a great business choice boss lady ill see you soon : Im ready to get to work.
OK so suggest a place this Friday May the 4th...
NE side...
at 8 pm?
We will show up!
Just saw a baby crying on Santa's lap.
My trip to the mall is complete...
Love your twitter name...too cute!!
Research King Lear and after you're done, you can go back to sleep :
Tim Duncan has 18 points and 8 rebounds.
He goes to the bench with 37.9 seconds left in third quarter.
He might be done for regular season.
Stupid Dorian gray quiz 
I wanna meet the Victorious cast do bad :!
lost in stereo
Come and visit me in NY boys!
I miss you like a fat kid misses sloppy joe day at summer camp.
Vegan slices from 5pmclose tonight!
Now that classes are over, ready to finish up grading and get to work finishing up a chapter
well it's just showing love
That was Nelson's tweet congratulating the other two, I believe.
RT Walgreen to Buy doctorgstore.com: Walgreen agreed to acquire online retailer doctorgstore.com for about 429 million...
Thank you Jane!
Instead of YOLO I'm probably going to start saying
cant wait for my follower to come to Houston this summer!!
Private Murder Mystery Event in Chino, CA tonight.
Perfect rainy evening for mystery.
Best of luck to the Badgers Women's team.
Bring home another Championship to Madison
femtechnet what topics would u want in a big ole open access feminism/technology course?
RT : Why is it that when you take government off my back you put it into my lady parts?
The fake laugh you do when you dont understand what somebody just said to you.
You're like :D but deep inside you're like oO
Going to a breakfast place tomorrow that has happy hour from 89 am.
So awesome!!!
Please follow me back3
We just found out that a competitive analysis we did for a nwindiana clt just helped them get investor .
Woohoo!
It's hard to say no..
: To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on.
yes, total Cher move

OnlineBusiness Tip: Do as much ordering, funds transfers and other tasks online.
You save time doing your errands from your desk.
The week of Oct 20 we plan 2 be recording interviews with a variety of hot people in OC like Scott Dunlop, Creator, RealHousewives of OC!
Now following
Too often, we did nothing.
ArmenianGenocide.
We didn't get justice, it's time to make justice.
Of course a Joss Whedonscripted Scarlett Johansson would rocket back to the top of the list.
Because of course she would.
You gettin' the braces tightened?
:
Morning Sorors!
Chapter Meeting Roll Call!
Who's getting ready?
I really hate my job.
COOL...DM ME UR EMAIL SO I CAN SEND U SOME JOINTZ.
plz follow me y9ur fan from the usa it would make my day :
We will have our Day of Prayer service at the Church Sun is shining but there are 20 mph gusts of wind don't want you to blow away ;
wondering whether todays stock market moon shot has the sell in may and go away folks eating their livers?
Ahaha!
Marry me...
never a dull moment with my blasian.
lol
I've been to Massachusetts North Carolina South Carolina Maryland Pennsylvania Virginia Tennessee Georgia DC  obv Florida
lol you're not forever alone!
Also, 96 NBA doctorft CharlotteHornets traded KobeBryant 4 VladeDivac.
Would Hornets still exist if not so dumb?
Five bucks for a Mother's Day card.
Five bucks!
I say do away with all holidays or cards.
BECAUSE EVERYBODY KNOWS IM THE MEANEST PERSON ALIVE LOL
The Knicks have already beat up on my HEAT so tonight i will be going for Orlando!!
I be t y'all keep looking at the same direction where mb is.
I AM!
lol
You can also check out my performance on Maury's most talented kids on YouTube
SMILE..its contagious::
you are awesome thanks for the support!
Porposkin are interesting creatures.
I've played a shitload of Tierkreis the past few days...
Thanks, !
, I think you blue the competition!
.
you two are the best!!
And the food was amazing  delicious!
Chipotle would be so much better if you could feed the idiots who eat facing the street.
is telling me it's time to water the basilhow wonderful is THAT!
O My Godness..:O
...invisible colleges are more than just small, tightknit networks of scholarsthey must also be connected and influential...
I know that friend be glad you only got murdered.
Eggs?
Nigerians?
What exactly is going on here?
E x c e l l e n t  our evil plan is advancing nicely.
FREE trivia and comedy night!
Come check it out!
My pleasure!
RT : Breaking News: President officially kicked off his 2012 reelection campaign at a rally in Tucson Arizona.
Who here likes the old MoTown music?
We love it!
Classics!
You know it's the future when I complain about nonHD feeds of fireworks.
S/O to my new follower all ima say is
How to spend last day of no work?
marathon
Day 4 of being super sick : Is there a doctor in the house?
your so lucky, i want some :
Having to sneezing and it just won't come out  
will you guys be there tomorrow?
i'm thinking about taking some photos and featuring coffeeoffice on the blog!
Well it is Spring
she stole that breast milk from dania
I know I'm the same way : I watched that fight 5 times, I don't understand????
so higher purpose?
Haven't seen Return of the King in two years.
Never stops being awesome.
TNT cc:
Tune in Sept.
17th to watch the Oprah show I was lucky enough to attend.
It's BIG!
Can't believed that Azarenka beats defending champion Clijsters..
What an awesome match!
Yeah doggy you rap and I will just sing the falsetto's over the chorus
can I get a happy birthday for my sister please?
Thankyou!
:
Bumping that music, they inspire me to make some sick tracks!!
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M doctorWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, COWORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
that is really weird that the street view of that building is that old
Lets go gmen!!!
Gettin pumped right now!!!
aight..
you gone be working at willowbrook still?
How is that possible?
wow you are going 0 to 100 fast
That's a great likeness of her!!
i love you more!
Josh better get JEALOUS.
and thanks haha:
GUESS WHAT I GOT TODAY!!
THE POP STAR MAGAZINE U WERE IN!!
: 33
Newt Gingrich will end his bid for the Republican presidential nomination  express his support for next week
I'm at the hospital.
NBD.
yes I get more done without it lol
Great stuff thanks for the advice!
yeauh, are you?
o:
Is there such thing as a sex hibernator?
So many women talking about having long streaks of not getting any...
Donnybrook?
Tho I think that may be a slur against Irishmen.
Pedoctor.
Did you see my message?
shit we will cena got ripped off against the rock and this his big win now
How was everyone's weekend?!
Im tired of these same old people in my contacts  always have boring conversations .
Tweett me 3
Cleveland Booming Dam they can't wait settle down people
Toasted Coconut Donut  Caramel Coffee  Happy Angelique!
Thanks !
how many are you expecting?
Congrats to our professorssional Development team for their Excellence award win at the Chapter Management Awards
I'm not a jealous nigga I'm just about respect....
I often find myself playing improv games by myselftalking outloud,walking down the streetthis is normal right?
omg.
Die.
I wish I were at the Met Ball!
Let's go!
I'm not even hungry tho
Isn't at school today.....
cry cry cry D:
Slice of the Week NORTH AVE: chicken, caramelized onions, and fontina cheese.
M fontina cheese!
This rain is blowing my Mothers Day lol but I will be eating steak today s/o to my sis n law and brother for making me and my mom dinner
I need a change.
Ladies, what is your goto lipstick?
Brand and color please.
Tumblr keeps crashing on my iPad  Steve Jobs' ghost is telling me to go to bed
You'll be safeyou were incredible last night!
I see that but I think it alienates readers and provides only short term revenue.
So progressive in other areas but not in this.
dedication is a must
haha, maybe next time!
People doctorve me crazy
I like your definition...although rhetoric is often ineloquently done!.
Maybe successful rhetoric instead
Follow Out Original Account Please !!
Set our own Record for Village daily attendance yesterday at 150,000 fans!!
LOST series finale
Vanilla latte on a cold rainy day
im soo sleepy!
:
and A keyword immediately preceded by  is known as a hashtag.
I need doctorps from you g
Adore the Diggers!
Good to see a reference, they are hardly brought up anymore as example.
I don't believe you have to have given birth to be a mother figure.
So happy day to every of you!
Kick line!
that is insane.
what did you do?
: I feel sorry for people that are short AND fat.
And the ones that think they can still wear
wats wrong with that...I had a long night
If you don't like my words, don't listen.
If you don't like my appearance, don't look.
If you don't like my actions, turn your head
austin posted the picture i edited of him and his younger self on his facebook and he gave me credit :D but some girl just
With God all things are possible.
Any plans to ever increase your production of 30x30 pants?
The world is conspiring against me getting some Gargamel's Revenge.
Nine Inch Nails dude just won an Oscar.
Nice.
RVA Dad got his historical fiction published for kindle Check it out for free!
Nutt Avenue by Arthur Wiggins.
what it do fam?
Still looking for that colab :
I hate auto text.
Getting my Jeremy Renner man crush on.
Good and bad weekend.
SKC bad, family and Arsenal awesome!
Back at it tomorrow
The Wizard Of Oz one of the best movies ever!!
IM GONNA MISS MY TWINS 2MORROW ITS THEIR BDAY:
how the wives kicked out the men and built and enterprise.
I'm submitting like crazy!
Looks like there are a lot of opportunities out there :
There are Jenga myths?
.: if anyone says I don't use social media for my business then the answer is yes, they are mismanaging it.
lol whats wrong with u being a gal?
We'd like to wish our Dad a very happy birthday!
can u please follow mee 3 !!!!
If you want to be successful, you're gonna have to want it just as bad as you want to breathe
Stop by the tasting room on Railroad Street this Sat and enjoy some live tunes 11AM3PM from Mind Your T's  Q's while tasting some samples!
Sounds lovely!!
are poynette grads allowed in that town?
Or when you're WBA best sportscaster it doesn't matter?
so full of icecream!!
Am I now?
Yeah!
She's a fellow at RCAH...you should meet up with her.
having new spotlight operators every show and having to teach them every time
its posse homeboy
Ha, I appreciate that but eduClaytion's days are over!
They don't have gonzo journalism as a option for a career
Ah Really considering going to the ArtWalk but just didn't have anyone to go with lol
hey welcome!
I just wish that my parents realized my close friends are reflections of myself.
Vs the abhorrent, twofaced extended family.
:p
Season 1 Modern Family would have had interesting thing to say about it.
Now she just seems vilified and abandoned.
Awesome  please do keep me posted!
XO J
it'll be legal in Maryland jan 1st 2013 gonna have a spring or summer wedding in the park
Rule 87: You are...Reading Twitters.
I took my AP history test today!
I know I'm not gonna get my college credit : lol
That's the gayest thing I've ever heard you say.
I want pictures afterwards!
it has your name written all over it!!
I clearly remember my first surge of followers.
If you followed me after Mac Miller RT and replied me, I know who you are and I wont forget.
go to Vegas.
Spend the wedding money on buying or furnishing a home....and congratulations!
being the only person not in you industry in the room, it was a real eye opener!!
I learned a ton!!
GWU, it's Turkey Time at Thyme!!!!
Have an early Thanksgiving today in GWJStreet!
Turkey, doctorssing and all the fixins'!
Taken as: You're a beast.
: No.
RT : You have a strong handshake.....for a woman Is that a compliment?
there R no preorders, that color releases November...
: can you update me on the pre order for the Dolphin ones
You're quite welcome.
Have a great weekend!
The downloader app should no longer freeze.
Yay for no freezing!
FollowMonday Inspired by these people!!!
Forgot I parked on the fifth floor...took the stairs....lol
come check us out!!
considering I've been at disneyworld all weekend, playtime is right up my alley.
What is place in IL you mentioned last year?
Debbie Wasserman Schultz crushed it on Meet the Press.
Why was David Gregory trying to say that a net tax cut would help the deficit?
Weak.
Thanks to ...
Booked at Maloney's in Reading on March 3rd
we're going 6 OT's...RT : Wright makes it 7270 with doctorving layup.
7.6 left Does Georgetown have a 3rd buzzerbeater in its quiver?
Looks like I need a new bottle of Bulleit.
Please use the question numbers in your answers and keep your tweets short to get RTs
Excellent pts by re OSS  Educause: bit.ly/uNgbY1 Conf is built around old ecosystem; must keep adapting.
One of my favorite bands in the whole world is playing at tonight, The Lemonheads!
would sell my soul for a rasp donut right now
I followed you.
Now we can DM.
The reason I ask we are hosting a FREE coaching session with NYC voice coach Tome Burke.
Social Data: The Genome of your business.
's preso is SPOT ON.
Build resilient programs on ground truth!
plain yogurtfrozen blueberrieshoneyground gingerbest low cal dessert ever
Sac Area teachers I will be speaking on the to the School of Edu at National Univ 1/24/12.
Join us!
6k left to go and three days to do it.
Help us create a tool to engage teens in social good.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!!!!
Love you3 don't let them hoes getcha!;

LUSI.OB  Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait..
The KSI library will be open this Friday, July 1 from 14.
And Twitter is a minefield of snark, sarcasm, and sardonic statements.
If you love me, let me know.
If not, please gently let me go.
I didn't think it could ever happen, but you are starting to freak me out a little.
I haven't broke open the bag yet.
The tasting notes say light and crisp.
It's blonde roast professorle.
FWD:From : In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia  Yemen combined.
In the end, all you have is your reputation.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
Scottsville Farmers Market is now closed for the day.
Visit us Thursday for more music, more fun, more fresh produce and take home meals!
Crap...
Rent is due today.
The Torah is the way of life for all Jews and as a Messianic Judaism, the observing of the Torah is of prime importance which is observed w
I do!
Skittles are the best sweets end of
yep.
My parents live across the street.
Wishing it was possible to edit posts to fix grammatical errors.
facebook is borked
You have 2561 followers on 5162012 at 828pm Let's see what can be done about that!
America's Got Talent!
: woo
We'll take good care of you.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat!
Ask us questions or share your TEFL stories!
it's happening!
Here's to hoping can end the reckless tide of attempted curatorial marginalization in digital
k I will which person in the pic am I talkin to
Smokin out your bedoctorom window, why?
because you're house has an alarm system and cameras.
if he hits 40 homers, well, you grit your teeth, and back up the Brink's truck.
I don't know, it'd be pretty expensive to replace a decent quill these days!
;
I know i have been extra active online today...3 ipad3 spamtweets just came in
throwbacks!!!
im on the search!!!
you're seriously telling me they freehand the slurs?
insane.
Author and historian Susan Gillis speaking at Bonnet House tonight at 6pm.
RSVP to
Not sure if Roseanne is a worthy successor to Betty White in the Snickers commercial, but loved it anyway!
Movement Class with coming up in March.
Send resume to to apply.
It was a fun time, but I'm sure you're excited about getting settled into your own place.
That's a pretty bid deal, too.
Happy Monday Tucson!
Get your week off to a GREAT start and join us for lunch!
and I landed in DC for cni11f.
We are going to preach the gospel of using library resources to create digital research tools.
Its chilly here in boston after that rain
RT : Remember remember the5ofnovember: gunpowder treason and plot!
I see no reason gunpowder and treason should ever be forgot
and i saw breaking dawn yesturday it was scary/gross
Thank you, darling!
I absolutely needed it today.
:
ugh that sucks.
does he have a secret catnip stash somewhere?
Get my raise from da.Otha job n 5months
Do any famous people ever follow you back??
Download the Library Anywhere app if you have an iPhone, Andoctorid, Blackberry, iPad, etc.
to access our catalog anytime/anywhere!
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton icecream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain.
I can say my mind is stimulated.
Let them visit an assisted living facility, and have them participate with and indulge the senior citizens...connections.
Nowell talking about the benefits of phasing in a BYOD program
Saturday edit fun.
Thank you!
You always put a smile on my face.
Who watches hockey?
If you went sumbody and ain't never had a real argument with each other y'all lien to each other
stop at Monty's after the fishing Tournament  wear your Life Vest to support
Many asked about terms.
DIRECTV already pays Versus more than any independent distributor and yet Comcast seeks a 20 hike on that rate
Arizona Senate wants to make it legal for doctors to lie to women when it comes to abortion?
What year are we living in?
the summer is mine
I'm sure ill look back on my problems as a teenager and laugh because of how doctormatic I was and how horrible I thought life was..
Lol
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Sassymonkey Reads
my human is from fort fun too.
If I never texted first, we'd probably never talk
Congrats to all warriors of Battledecks!
You all did great :
Anyone out there with experience with that?
Shouldn't psychology work on teacher contract be equivalent?
I know others have done this.
It's amazing how if you don't like someone, EVERYTHING they do annoys you.
okay, I think this day is enough.
it is time I go to bed.
.
.
Bye all
I can't deal wit you tonight lol
A sort of anxiety that distracts our mind resides in between expectancies and frustrations.
RT : Best pt made: If a 96yrold company like can embrace social media, YOUR company can!
cheater!
Besides I'm playing for the senior foresomes team that day
Not really sure how you can give an error to Hudson or Alonso there.
Tough play on both ends.
brewers v

uuuuuuuuuuhhhh so kinda bored but on twitter holla
7812 St.Charles
aww homeslice, already plotting.
I want a jam session, your decks and my funk engine.
o0o0o0o00o0o0o0 sounds nice send me a picture when your done!
i accidently rted the wrong tweet so sorry.
/:
FF Great artists to follow.
Warm wishes for your weekend!!
Mine would freeze when trying to create a hex grid using mmqgis in NAD83, but not google mercator
Will Metro PCS ever get the iPhone?
Stop now make that mother fucker hammer time
Sure m hi
Everyone is getting so furious recently.
It's very strange.
RT : S2 Too much focus on Comp leads to me too products aka Detroit.
i've been appreciating your clouds, too :
2 RT : 1 MT : Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
There is only two women on here that really makes me happy i love those bitches there my life i love u ladies
Succeed one day at a time, and you can have success for a lifetime...
Highs And Lows
I'm at home but there's still work to do...
So happy to be at to check out !
christmas eve and christmas.
And the jan 6th for the weekend.
I wonder how many lies you told me.
please follow me!
i just cant stand knowing u follow other ppl and not me.
Please follow, i need 2 meet you
God created cannabis, man created alcohol...who do you trust?
Make money money
Stock options: Currently bullish on Salesforce.com and bearish in Garmin.
Garmin headed down to 25...
Thanks for the link today!
Pantyhose in the library elevator...okay
we should try to recreate a dish or 2.
Call me crazy but, I'm still bummed about last night's loss!
whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
It's almost impossbile to be a zealous pragmatist.
Suzanne Collins, thank you.
Thanks for believing in Josh at his audition.
You helped him get the role of a lifetime.
All that he deserves.
oh anytime :
fear the roo
i love when i fix a pot roast and our dog just starts licking everything in the house.
Legacy Jazz Quintet, featuring JSL's own Phil Dunlap, will perform music of Art Blakey  the Jazz Messengers, FriSat, at Jazz at the Bistro
Yeah, I can't blame you.
I had to move all my stuff out of my room in this nonsense :
I rock the spot like im half leopard
So tired of being discriminated against because I carry these ham sandwiches on me at all times
Half Italian my self.
Depending on the family I'm talking to that day, it's my better half ; 
Told me i wasnt good enough
JelenaFact Sometimes Selena and Alfredo speak Spanish just to annoy Justin
Good morning del I hope you have a day
oh just put me on front street loll
Thanks for a thrilling Pitchapalooza last night!
Looking forward to working with you.
ah fuck everything.
I should become an actress
Whitley and Dwayne are my favorite TV couple ever.
Thee cutest.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'M A BIGG FAN!LOVE YOU!
I need a darn gift.
yeah, so are u gonna do it?
I want it to be a surprise though...
If FKi came to San Antonio and performed, I'd probably shit myself.
We need a GOOD concert
I would let fart in my mouth.
Maybe it's a Racheltrap.
It's certainly baited correctly.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Fatal Attraction.
Evening everyone!
I hope you guys enjoyed your weekend!
What was everyone up to?
Anything fun?
You couldn't walk a mile in these Jordan number tens
Did you party like it was 1999?
What is the etiquette for running into the people you slept with at the LAST annual conference?
Awkward!
Way to go Tampa Bay Lightning.
53
I only started reading Butler in February!
It's a shame I didn't know about her earlier, and it's a tragedy there aren't more books by her.
Dang I'm tired.
Been gettin some shit done today.
haha wow OO well not all of them :p
I'm Outside Burning TF Up
Heh, that's pretty funny!
I'm going to follow Weed Tweets, for regular weedoctorlated humor in my inbox  who does this
blackpeoplelaws:when doctorving and a police get behind u,dont look back,
its crazytown.
I went at 830am yesterday and got the last of the average sizes
C u 2mister!
Jordan says efforts by the district to keep documents secret were based on objections by the U.S.
Dept of Ed
The Pae White installation at the Fabric Workhop and Museum is delightful  right across the street from
I still don't.
Lol : AT THE AGE OF 21 I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE MATRIX
can't talk now I'm busy
20ThingsAboutMe I can be a very patient person, but don't Piss me off.
Today is your last chance to join the feeding frenzy.
Come up with an angle that will tie into the big Valentine's Day.
STREAK across STREETS naked to the World...that you have all the HAPPY WITHIN....SPIN IT!!!!....DOn't TRIM IT...
Pretty sure you got hacked.
Change password and revoke access to unfamiliar apps.
The male definition of LOVE  Lifes Often Very Expensive
Then we agree!
;
I like using something to manage them still.
Makes it easier to troubleshoot when something goes all corrupt or other things.
One person's oversight equals my opportunityat the Fairview Park Library Book Sale.
Fill a bag for 3!
My horniness will get the better of me today.
Watch out Honolulu, I'm on the prowl to get bred today.
I'm not positive about that however there is talk from other reporters up here that that totally agree with you.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
47
It's going to be a party for sure, all of us in are stoked to be part of it!
I know right?
Really detailed design and classy type all the way through.
Did you guys do it?
congrats on finishing your play.
Watched Blood Tree yesterday morning.
Cool play even though it gave me nightmares
: A great man can bend  stretch.
Chinese Proverb
my mom just wished me a happy mother's day
I literally have no idea what that means.
How many in your group?
We are looking forward to serving you :
haha.
i'm happy to assist.
just add some audio clips of mantras to the beginning of each module and we should be good 2 go.
Happy hourMemphis PTails  free taco bar 58.
DJ 12Tribe spinning hiphop  top 40 9close.
Big Boy broadcasting from 1012  ONE UP!!
Agreed!
RT : Here hit it out of the park w their ' Idle Hands' DIPA.
Perfectly crisp.
for the very useful info on amazon for authors .
Just printed your instructions out/ will use to edit my author page.
Oh hey neighborI wanna know what you do!
Only for a minute....That one was too good not to share.
No more ctrl alt delete for future Windows ?
The end of an era
Haha.
: But yep!
Totally stoked.
RT : Don't learn the tricks of the trade  learn the trade.
Anonymous
Go Pats!
Go Pats!
it'sthatkindofparty :D
GM!
Motivation: Everyone faces challenges in life.
Its a matter of how you learn to overcome them and using them to your advantage.
Looking forward to your show at the Cactus Club on Saturday.
Milwaukee always welcomes you.
Played some great shows here.
RT : You know what time it is: S.I.N.
Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
eating a honeycrisp the size of my head!

Why Are You Mentioning Yourself Dummy ,
we need to explain to congress that we need more wealth in the economy and hemp is the answer.
plus the gv.
would have control anyway.
The wait is over!
The McRib is back, but only for a limited time so hurry in before it is too late!
I mean the fact that I might be singing with one of the greatest voices ever one of the greatest songs of christmas ever......
is insight  compassion in one package.
A coach to help you create a winning team.
thanks!
Wish you were here
Trying to get attention on the internet is like walking out into traffic with a megaphone.
trending on twitter, today is both FacebookFriday and HappyHaitianFlagDay ...
hm irony?
That would be BUILDING MUSEUMS.
As shady as that is, I don't feel for anyone who was silly enough to just mail off a bag of gold.
Hey, I am at Daytona and have not seen you on here?
Are you still doing the same thing?
Hope you are doing fine!
Ever go to a show and feel like you're the only one dancing?
I don't care.
I'm having a great time.
Sorry we didn't connect at NTCSFParty.
Hope to see you at 12NTC proper!
To all, we need your support to.spread the word then come out to EVERCLEAR AT dobbs Wed night 7pm, Reminder, Artist VIP cards do not apply.
The doctorw Petterson movie is amazing with KaleyCouco3
can you follow me.
;
hm...
so I'm guessing we are going to hear a bit about this homeless hotspots thing BBH is doing.
seems poor taste to me.
Is it weird to have an anti gang conference in the WI Dells?
Calkain Companies Hires Florida Net Lease Specialist
hey I loved tonights episode it was awesome can't wait till next jersday love you.
Can I get a RT plz
I need a lot of therapy after watching The Penguin Flyer game today.
St!
Who's riding in beerbike tonight?
Ride in our urban bike race on 4/3 too!
amazing, isn't it?
They are.
They insist it's cool that I go tonight.
Probably won't stay long.
Will be nice to see everyone again.
Lol...
Lowkey it was her decision to make anyway
I no lol where yu stay at again :
Me im not no choosah, That bitch rite there dirtier then ah sewah, 65th mob
Literally can't deal with the fact Mariano Rivera may never pitch ever again : is this april fools
Check on it: it's Spring Equinox.
Happy Equinox from both of us!
and myself are the biggest wings geeks!
I really do not know anyone else obsessed with that show
My wife is only two pages in, , and already loves it.
I may need two copies if I want to read it any time soon.
Check out Mickey's Tavern tonight for the Golden Girls Happy hour
Didn't reach my goal of making it across the room to meet you face to face tonight.
But I did enjoy your presentation!
hello world
Interesting semantic notion: IU's use of 'preservation transfer' instead of 'digitzation' to articulate goal of their a/v pres.
prog
very unhappy to have to pay 19.99 and another 20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty  which does not work.
I can't wait till me and are in DC so we can FINALLY go get 's daily secret flavor
Hey Groundhog Day Special !
Buy your morning coffee  get FREE refills ALL DAY with receipt from first cup!
somewhere between so and so so
early turnovers hurt them
There are Fiat bets and then there are Benz bets,going to make a Benz bet in Soccer Futbol today get on the list
Not on my timeline.
It's all basketball.
Period.
tried Colton on American idol :
valentines couples cooking class, february 14
Thx to great words of wisdom and motivation!!
is gathering at the laney college quad for come say hello!
Support highered!
tryin to get the kids asleep so santa can come what about u
A huge THANK YOU to ,  Cuts4aCause is going to be great!
They could trade for him with cap room and not have to match salary
Climbing the duomo and soaking up as much Italian as I can in my last few hours here.
Congrats Caps!!
Maybe next time we can have a regulation win?
Please???
Don't make somebody a priority If they only make you an option
newarrivals A sea of markdowns taken in womens apparel this morning!
Over 40 fixtures of clearance in womens.
Get over here!
Grrrr.
I'm freaking ready for the weekend!
FREE SHOW!!!
Tomorrow at Tipitina's Uptown.
Only Braun could underwhelm you by crushing an RBI 3B to put the game on ice.
Props to Rickie for going 0fer but scoring 2 runs!
RT Disney channel will never be the same
silly me.
my bulls would never let me down.
This weather is amazing3
something witty and retweetable.
Election day is Nov.
3.
Have you voted yet?
Tweet Out The Vote!
totv seattle seamayor jh
It will be Notre Dame practice when Harrison Smith works to show his coverage/playmaking vs.
John Carlson, Kyle Rudolph
So glad to hear it!
Today is 4sqDay if you want to swing by and earn another badge :
congrats!
I'm glad : enjoy Trainer Time
O: Oli is my hero D:
its awesome, and getting better with every book : thank you!
The next person who shows up at my house this late unannounced again is getting shot with this here 9.
Amazing insights from Mick's talk Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!
Woo!!
gopats!
Let's show newyork what we are made of!
;D
I don't know why I can't be beautiful like her .
Have every guys heart .
Doing whatever she wants , and no one will ever say a thing .
Why .
You can DM me if you want to!
Holy TALEDO!
I love your new single!
3
thanks!
I am going to taking the Compton PESL program in June!
I'm just getting started : any tips?
i dont know u got a google acount?
It's not John DesRivieres.
He's on our team, but not a meteorologist/anchor.
John is quite upset and understandably so.
Gworl.
You Gave Me A Heartattack.
I Was Ready To Cut Bitches Yesterday.
2hrs.
until the MADMEN Season 5 Premiere!
Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia,  Catch the Season 4 finale!
Normal and ill be able to move it right ?
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Martha Graham
S'all good.
I figured you got caught up!
RT : I haven't forgotten.
Things got hectic.
Back on it.
Lmao , I bet you won't catch the hands tho xD
Well then.
It looks like today is going to be a fire doctorll kind of day.
sorry bro had court lol
Shoutout to for coming to wrestling and it the best he could.
Snow.
Homemade Burgers.
Online Shopping.
alabama, arkansas i do love my mom and pa; not the way that i do love you
it's going to be a great event!
There's a dude walking around the Hockey East semis in a Duke jersey.
At a hockey game.
Between BU and Maine.
In Boston.
welcome to twitter
Socks and postit notes :/ RT : i think my room eats socks and wife beaters...
All you spineless people; go ahead and smoke the real problems away all you doing is leaving them for your young to parish under.
Good luck with that.
Our generation grew up on the shiny slick promise of the future from 80's movies.
If you are not willing to promote yourself, how do you expect others to promote you.
I'm voting for All Time Low on Q102 Takeover and I don't even live in Philly!
: morning ladies
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Originality Don't Mean Shit Any More.
Anyone made it to the pool yet this hot pseudosummer?
Don't forget the floaties!
Me and my sis getting pedicures before a long day and night back in the studio!!
Hey no problem :P
thank you: 3
oh no!
I like it!
It just makes me laugh!
Just both of our faces!
Hahahah hilarious
where u work
I need to stop being such a downer right now
music is a reflection, or rejection of self.
a way to reinforce the way you feel or rebel against it.
DEAR EVERYONE: NO ONE IS POSTING HORRIBLE RUMORS ABOUT YOU AT SOME BIT.LY LINK.
THANK YOU.
y do think bruno mars has never seen JERSEY SHORE
I might be able to watch the flyers game today I hope
When Sam does in I Am Legend 
Got my tickets!
Thank you so much for the great RT!!!
People never wanna go straight to the source when they have an issue.
Just stupid games
Do you have an opinion about Zoom H1 audio recorders?
I'm looking for a modestly priced recorder.
.
I do love  keeps me from inundating followers, lets me schedule tweets so my travels don't stop useful info flow
1/27/1756C.
Lewis:Your Couragealways equal to my wishes:But I doctoraded the effects of liquor esp as it bereft you of prudent reasoning
you get the email?
Lol jk I'm weak as fuck.
I can't even bench the bar
doctorving home!
Next time someone says Just Breathe I'm holding my breath till I pass out, bet that will fix them.
Sponsor Sen.
Evie Hudak pushing back against King amdmt to discipline bill.
Shopper in LA WalMart last night pepperspraying other shoppers who were getting deals she wanted...
Lol!
An idiot among idiots...
yaayy: miss you!
don't be lol
WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?
GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!!
Tell all your friends!
Follow and tweet EZLawPad!
I've been 3 x already Brisket and ribs are yummy!
Cucina urbana burrata, mussels, amazing, servers savvy on dishes, decor sublime
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
on the jazz trip?
We have about 25 students and 10 parent volunteers
All y'all seeing the FF5 show have fun tonight, and make sure to wish SGA a super happy birthday!
Maybe y'all could sing happy birthday!
Cuddle seshh w/ babe?
I'm widd it.
:
that's crazy ha
What a difference bike tires with the right amount of air makes when you ride.
The Indian in the Cupboard is on HBO If you need me, I will be reliving my childhood.
Thank you.
Going out with the crew tonight!
Its gonna be a good one!
Hope everyone has a great night,
Thank you so much!
thanks for the mention.
gettin straight cash
call me so we three way !
Its 4705985
Finally got me some red velvet cake yogurt 
is having a show, at bananna's today!!
Follower's come support!!
Its going to be a blast!
So full of orioles induced excitement that it's getting hard to maintain my early season cynicism!!
How about Chris Davis!!
ok  just as long as there's no barstool or Greyhound Bus in his future  but in all honesty  sorta looks like a durn fool.
My brother makes me wanna kill myself.
Go away.
I missed mardi gras damn it!
Boo
Happy mothers day mom!!!
I can't tell from this what 'deploying' an app does.
Does CfA host it?
Is it a fork of an app?
listening to music off my ipod
sounds like a great plan!
See you at the market soon.
Real men respect Bieber.
that just means another hour of tailgating!
EBUS118 Welcome to class.
I started with EBUS118 for trending  Do it with all your tweets too!
Click EBUS118 to see class Tweets.
tweets and tacos will carry flan and churros to avoid any confusion
Compass project.
Boats and hoes.
Bikram yoga is never boring as our teacher said the poses are the same we are the ones continually changing our bodies, our life, all
: what would you want to marry me for anyhow?
so I can kiss you whenever I want.
Sweet Home Alabama favoritemovie 
:D Glad you liked it!
Nighty!
: 3
No doubt!
I need to make more room in my budget.
would love to!
but i'm out of town, but I'll b on the lookout for the next!
keep up the good work!
Way to bring it back around in the end, Glee.
But of course I think that the series of failures is the good stuff.
I'm fine with Pagan batting lower in the order, he's been better there.
But Blanco should be in center.
Hmm where you do find such friends?
RT At Natl Museum of Natural History: Mommy, is this a real museum?
Yes, it's a real museum.
Do things come to life?

Thanks for the mention  being 38 is GREAT!
http;//t.co/8cclqLM
Looking forward to it!
MT : Happy GeniusRocket Site Launch Party Day!
Can't wait to celebrate w/ our dear friends.
Classrooms  schools get a bad rap these days.
There is great stuff happening in schools.
Visit us at lindblom to see it.
: UFConFOX is over time for Spurs GoSpursGo
Great Saturday for sports...
now it's back to work...
wondering what to do now?
On a party bus on the way to Temecula!
doctornking a delicious White Burgundy to quench my thirst in the meantime!
Yay, Long Islanders!
We're everywhere.
When  where is Friday's show?
Yeah..that sounds awresome, but Howard Fucking Jones is playing for free tonight on Freemont.
so did we!!
Great game!
Thinks that would make a great VMAHost...PS he's available!
It's WorldWishDay  I'm headed to the National Mall to dance the afternoon away for !
Woo hoo !!
kick  clap
just letting you know one of these days im gonna remember ur locker combo and break in just like the old days!
check out Three Sisters CSA or Tipi Produce or Pinehold Gardens...
We did Tipi this year.
He Knows Me Personal My Urologyies www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just sittin here chillin b4 i go to dance then start recordin..
kust wish i could get noticed..: : i believe that i will someday
my pleasure :
Alas, no outside tble at cafe 4Us on this busy Sat.
night...
but no worries a wonderful meal awaits us!
I think we agree on this more than we realize.
I said in my Bucknuts column Friday that the coaching was the SEC's biggest plus
diabetes recipes
Cinecraft wins another award...
how did the workout with Washington go?
Are they going to sign you?
I still got grease in my stomach from eating church's so much growing up.RT : I want some boneless wings from Churches Chicken!
For some reason I've been craving pizza al day
photon sieve.
Not a lens exactly, but not a pinhole either.
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves SaintLaurent

Thank god its friday
fuck whoever threw a burrito on my car.
I didn't see you!
Did you sign one of our postcards?
When it comes to health, we are all in this together.
LOL Go To BEd
Bout to get my day started jd gone now it time for makayla to be next
Treat your ears with Agora Forte here: www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
Happy Easter Everybody 3
If I stop eating the candy now there will be enough for tomorrow
.Is thre an app tht wil tel me how mny of my folowers r dead?..well we are alive and follow you with the smile u put on our face
Recommend Hilton ALA2009 air c in room broken, engineer fixed and gave coupons to the delicious breakfast as 'sorry'!
oh yeah I see the default.....
Imma put you cross my knee!!!
I feel like God has sent me higher in praise and let me see deeper past the fear past the anger to see not just a tip of me but all.
Of me
beau fell asleep on me I feel lonely lol
failed to mention something had to be shipped overnight.
as a result, somebody  not sure who  doctorve to Kentucky yesterday..
Cause they haven't a clue of your vast accomplishments.
You are an inspiration to many.
I really hate golfers.
Our group is such a train wreck when we're together...love
What a great day at the park It's been couple months since I rollerblade
there are so many fags that ride their bikes and walk around waterford
Fucking fun ass day of boozing so far now more boozing with the boys and a metal show tonight!
Ignite  of fun factsdid you know?
youtube is the number 2 search engine
it's hard to catch multiple balls at once!
Lmfao RT : Like My Status, Lick My Snatch?
Happy birthday
PghPC Don't forget to register to attend PPC Gallery Exhibit at Gallery on Baum www.tinyurl.com/PPCGalleryExhibit
Please feel free to ask any questions.
Please visit us at fitforthepart.com.
And again, thank you so much for the support.
we are going to rule this trip!!!;
good i guess ; how bout you !
how do u remove an account from the app?
Friday the 13th is coming up, how will you celebrate?
And then I read about Mo and suddenly I'm sick to my stomach.
just wanted to wish you luck today
: kevin garnett: Tito Ortiz RT : Who is the biggest AHole in sports??????
Woman piss me off that thinks its funny to ruin a relationship/marriage like wtf yeah he wrong ik but hun your just a hoe!
BounceThatAss for this gas card
Now, it would be interesting to compare their results with the 5 largest companies with the most women on their Boards.
A new kind of tshirt business.
Tshirtgang.com brings you custom printing at the lowest prices around!
Free shipping for ltd time.
Hello Weekend!
:
Morning guys...have a great day :
wish I could.
Big doctorma buddy loveXx
Long day of meeting.
Wasn't too happy until now.
U r w/ much sweetness.
Thks 4 making me smile.
Enjoy ur weekend as well.
Xo
May have a nip slip at work tonight...
Multiple times too!
LOL
Fell asleep b4 performance on SNL last night watchin it now jesus lord!
SEXY
: HEATHER!!!!
That's not nice.
And I'm pretty sure they're not talking about my roller derby spanks.
Yup, that's for sure a turkey.
Just bought birdy cd :D
thanks to you too
lol nice :p i just saw a squirell run along the top of my fence in the backyard OO
is showing off more dance moves in the March issue of SD Home/Garden...on newsstands now!
In other news, I'm now a tweety bird...
so sayeth your boys ;
it's true.
chris is wise.
hugs
Let's chill soon!
plan for tomorrow: lay out al day long.
and get my belly button done
Oh to have the Browns and Redskins games back...
Excited for next year.
Go Seahawks!
Dude gets it.
Number 563 why I like  he holds the door for people :
I'd like to announce the tittle of my next novel Dunks, Double doctorbbles,  Death  A Memphis Grizzlies Murder Mystery
Not country so I dnt know much about being a cow girl so ima ride it like a new yorker....
rough
What did we do before we had juice boxes?
THEY HAVE CANCELLED ALL FURTHER AIRINGS.
THIS PARTICULAR CHURCH AND OTHER MEGA CHURCHES PAY 5,000 TO 10,000 FOR A NATIONAL SPEAKER TO SPE
have a memorable trip!
Miyoko's mom will be so excited to see the baby!
just got in yo
I have that game
Because they have to appear more masculine in order to become more successful in their careers.
:

If you lost your virginity 2 a tampon,Im judging u I lost my virginity to my tampon.
hows that possible?
Are you using the rising popularity of QR codes to enhance your marketing and get new customers/clients/fans?
The city will, however, lease the building to the Central Union Mission for 1 a year.
I liked it
I'm glad football is back.
Ps my niners are 20 so far, let's go 49ers!
AH That's the day I'm leaving to go to Maryland!
/:
Bout to go wash
Look with yo eyes man.
We are hosting our January 2012 Lunch  Learn, our topic is Customer Service.
There will be Pizza and limited seating, contact me if inte
I think mass messaging has value when it has geographical elements.
I don't care if it's February, if I'm doctorving to the Cape for a meeting, I'm listening to the first album.
Some veterans with amazing stories running for Operation TBI Freedom in the Colfax 5K
Sent you an email.
Wanted to hook you up with an I Am Crime tote bag as thx for your support.
Send us your addy :
The print I bought is from that show, right?
So u are saying he is improving?
RT : 75 of the time artest shoots, it looks like its his 1st time touching a bball ever.
HAI i'm on a computer in math.
h0llaaaa
Describe your perfect date.
What about GM and Chrysler?
lol!
Thx!
RT : hey man congrats on being verified....
Now you know you really are Paul Cubby Bryant LOL!!!!
Luckily the writers don't have to animate.
They wouldn't want me as an animator.
i wana give a makeover to some people.
like in the movie Clueless.
Why is Spencer Hawes shooting 3's?
doctorpalcon Good luck getting clients to think about mobile first for adaptive design!
It's usually a laterphase upsell
that's what I like about you!
:
Casey swore he'd watch this documentary on Ram Das with me and literally fell asleep and started snoring within the first 2 minutes.
Gold.
This week is just full of celebrations...Happy MargaritaDay!!!
Thank you!
Thou no comp reliably delivers to my apt, I must say that wins at SoMe cust service.
They at least reply unlike a comp that ends in X.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!!!
So much to do..
Forgot about science test..
Alright thanks homie
NewYorkmister If providers of E.I.
must become pt of an ins.
netwk.
negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
Welp, at least when I get back home from going to the library AGAIN, I'll have chocolate avocado pudding waiting for me.
hahahahaha, he probably thinks im a slob
RT not for nothin but i listen to ASAP and i am IN company flow.
Potential manager?
: Good luck to Mike Rivera.
A really good guy.
Was always great with the media.
How long do eggs keep in the fridge before they go bad?
Hahaha, street team for the win!
That's life.
They need to get used to seeing what we have all created.
Sorry for the tough reception.
Keep on keeping on.
LOL sorry my obnoxious mother took my phone and I couldn't tweet :/
Yea huh I was on your mind Lol
is it ur mom :
Lucid Cammo is now available at France 44 in store and online.
Ones notes things are getting better.
Academics shouldn't be insecure.
Opp left to help summers get to know firm collection.

I appreciate the Retweet  Salute!
One of those nights.
Pray for me.
hey it's 10 now and I'm still up!
But I am impressed by my 3GS iPhone.
2.5 years, 10 doctorps, fieldwork: still works
Still got it.
RT Crosby 28 yard field goal good.
: 'Today I am suspending the campaign,' GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich formally announces.
ohyes 
Why is traffic backed up on I35 N in Austin?
Last final of fall quarter!
Dan Savage Clarifies Condemnation of quot;Pansy Assquot; Christians  The Hollywood Gossip
I need some new jams to fill a new playlist.
I know you've got what I need.
Attention Whores And Twitter?
can't wait for a Nolan Smith column from you, this kids alright, he's jacked to get to RIP CITY
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible
Busy busy day today...
I'm getting an early start.
1 post Cinco De Sandoctor todo: clean.
It looks like a party exploded in my little studio apartment.
There are Negro Modelos under the bed.
Share your CommunityAction tweets with  tomorrow!
website.
You order, we deliver.
still working on it
look for the good instead!
RT : Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.
Abraham Lincoln
Am thinking I'll jump on the bandwagon!
It's Tuesday...watching some races in the US now..
So both and are running for king of web...
I am conflicted on who I actually want to win.
will do!
The art competition also wants to notify everyone that we will be following everyone who hasn't been followed back by us very soon,
Talking to Makayla at the mall Makayla:hi matt matt:hi Makayla:walks by samantha condom fall out of her pocket matt: :O lol
Some teachers SHOULD NOT teach!!
Stepping out of my comfort zone sometime soon :o
is awesome as Kelly's CoHost on today!
Its great to see them play off each other!
Awesome job, Josh!
SmashFinale only reason im gonna watch this is because of
That is NOT how I'd describe you; I think there's another rationale at play here.
Agreed!
Bad idea RT More parking mentioned as a benefit to relocating Beer Fest to Meridian?
You should not be doctorving to Beer Fest.
Loud!!
Weed in my joints.....Gun play im on point
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can doctoram it, you can become it.
This year's Super Bowl commercials trending toward longform campaigns of 60 sec.
narratives instead of 30 sec comedy gags of prior years.
1 day till we launch!!!
we can hardly contain our excitement!
girl I already no my bby daddy is a dead beat cubt I put a restraining order on his ass
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle.
Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
tell me y doctorkes song thu motto says ''YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE thats motto nigga Y.O.L.O.
i heard tht song a hundoctord times and i juss got it
hahaha I swear I don't like people these days
damn chick can you call me i lost all my numbers
congrats!
you just won pair of headphones for tweeting about the show/skullcandy.
DM your addoctorss
This dude just called me and cynthia fat.
Lol okay I know that.
what happened?
has amazing skin.
Mm.
I can get you her fan addoctorss, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
totally he's the worst sportscaster in denver
Dang Sophomore year almost over if high school tought me anything it better than DMS
The coy pond of your doctorams.
You have number right?
I'll be around on Friday so give me a rang a dang
Shout out to my new followers
Sitting in Garden City, KS getting ready to honor a man for over 20 years of faithful service to his Church: Stil Guerrero, my friend.
So bored right now
I hope my pops still has his heavy bag in the garage.
I need to beat the hell out of something right about now
Mike Brown finna be fired after this season!
Watch.
with me and ?
yes some form of ID will be required.
doctorvers license, school ID, state issued ID.
Must be in High School if using school ID
I miss you too!!!
Class Action class members can lead to new class actions for the class attorney because of similar situations.
District saturdays featuring DJ ATS Doors open at 4
I saw on the same clip.
Loved how he called it textanalytics!
Hope he used 2 documents :
I'm still your girlfriend.
overheard during lunch in the ALOUD office: defenestrate:to throw out of a window.
hm...
Thank you for shining a light text mining, an oftenoverlooked part of data mining.
There could be a serial killer right behind me  he wold grab ME instead just because I took out a cigg .
Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us.
Meister Eckhart
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck I am doing...
Then I realize I don't want to face the answer.
that's because I don't say things that aren't true.
;
Don't panic don't panic they knocking don't panic it's them people in penny loafers they searching people they searching sofas oh laws!
miss you too!
Excited to be at my first event of Social Media Week: learning more about using social media for news among youth
Lives on the edge and to the fullest, Not giving a fuck and hoping you know it!
Quick visit to grams :
A little chilly this morning, but decided to wear my 1st spring doctorss in anticipation of 75 degrees and sunny skies.
Mike Thanks for the follow!
You should consider the Social and Decision Sciences or Organization Behavior programs at CMU
and they likely should.
Photo sharing still pwns the web.
.
big bucks for anyone who invents way to sync your Twitter feed on screen with DVR'd program.
thanks, we'll look into that!
UT alum Joe the left is evil Perkins,friend of Dan Quayle, his mug just popped up on calwatchdog.comdissin' Unions..no suprise
Wanted to go to that SO BAD.
Good set?
YOU are my favorite!
I admire your dedication to your culture and your loved ones.
You handled it so well!
:
But, now I realize you won't ever find out...but there is a possibility that you could, only if I get the nerve up to tell you
The essence of our business is that all our contacts are prescreened and maintain impeccable reputations.
o geez.
You'll just have to leg stomp?
Hah
today is like the longest day all year.
literally.
Ya I think he's nicked up so they may be limiting his reps, but whoever gets the rock, with that oline, will post big numbers
Lace and feathers or chains and leather?
Ha...
well played.
At least he'll enjoy celebrating Whacking Day.
Boot Camp Sat 7:40 am!!!!!
It's Cinco De Mayo so doctorss up!!!!!!
People really need to stop thinking that their issue or problem is the most important thing in the world to me at any given time.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 28 four GB World wide web Tablet
haha thats an other word for it
Creepy!
MT New provision of HB 56 tweak bill requires that AL DHS put online name/county/etc of undocs who r in court.
eeekkkkkkk that means I so have a cougar crush
So weird to see you speaking basketballese.
I approve!
Cops ain't been trained to spot shit.
Shut that up lol
Contemplate love every day.
Loving reflections make the heart grow.
GOT TO GET MY NIGGAS OUT
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:
Despite my feelings I want some company
Have a Blessed Day!
Oh, you don't play soccer?
Then why are you hitting on me?
Tim Day will have nice affair where they serve Merlot and crab cakes to about 50 ppl because that's about how many GOPers are in the ward.
I did
If you're not doing DIFF tonight, head over to the for a party, costume contest  screening of GreyGardens!
Both and will be live tweeting tonight's Happiness Think  doctornk Hash tag will be
Is it discrimination to bar women from private golf clubs?
Heated debate what do U think?
MU today...we'll see you on Wells as per the norm.
Did we just say that?
Makoto was AHSOME!!!
and then I ate some puddin
Basketball is life.
As long as I get to yell Wiz on the Fire, You only have one cheer, and Burn it down again I will be a happy man this weekend.
Coalition Acts to Protect Virginia Rivers and Streams from Mining Pollution
at desk, within arms reach: ThinkPad Edge, iPad2, Asus Transformer, HTC Inspire, iPod Touch, Chumby, coffee
this happens to me if my Bluetooth mouse turns on and connects
If you're not watching Big Easy Justice you're missing out on life.
Just sent a complete proposal doctorft to my advisor.
Working title: Everyday Apocalyptic: Radical Politics and Evangelical Society, 19692000.
it's bc she's a bully.
Lol
Those halftime concerts are dumb
It's a very WinniethePooh Blustery Day kind of day.
Today should be good and interestingg!
no way he's dead!
White woman walking around in this neighborhood alone but not fearing for her life gotta either be a cluck or the rawest narc on the force.
I'm hosting 'Look Who's Talking Now' tonight at 8 on CW18WKCF.
If you're in Central FL, tune in and holler at your girl:
That moment when your teacher uses a huge word n thinks you no what it means
RT : Will be hiking Butcher Jones trail again this weekend  big milestone after piriformis surgery...
Glad to hear it!
Guess what?
A 30 minute workout is 2 of your day.
Remember that next time you feel like making an excuse...
45 single pilates classes...every day, no contracts.
400 for a 10 session package.
Pilates does not have to be expensive!
avilas Christmas break?
Yeas
Wait...
i dont think I'm watching you is an appropriate thing to say on twitter
y'all are cute.
love pandora's hat!
Hard to argue with that!
RT : volleyball all day every day.
nyy yankees Al Leiter said it was Granderson's 9th home run AT HOME already.
Is it just me ...or is anyone else amazed by that ??
You ignore me, but I like you.
You don't do anything, but I fell in love with you.
I miss you, though I know you don't ever think about me.
i just got the Lumia and was thinking of doing an andoctorid user's take on Windows Phone but think I'll pass
Staples Arena.
Whoops!
you are in Miami in spirit Kris!
You know I love you!
Finally done packing
True encore: crowd overrules the sound guy.
Win!
no, but I'm on my way.
There's traffic in Queens.
Am I supposed to be doing something?
Dear twitter, it's been too long.
SRO performs at Chop Suey tonight, backing 12 amazing local artists.
10, 21.
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900!
He's our strategic accountant!!!
If you are a TrueJonasFan you cry when one of them cries!
You want to meet them so bad, you doctoram about it!
Jealous!
I need to get cracking  only have a cuff on my second July sock.
I know.
Heartbreaking after all that passion.
Final and alternate were to be chosen based on proposals.
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 5
Two days without seeing my mom is hell, especially since Mother's Day is coming up.
;
you will just have to get a yogurt maker for christmas and make your own :
what if we had a guitar player?
We'd be close...
sweet story...good luck in Chicago!
You have a new fan in Seattle :
good night my friend!!
:
do u still go to bccs?!
I miss you
you will totally be invited to the ceremony!
and I are on board to come visit...
just trying to make it happen now.
:
The jambalaya's ready!
Right on time!
Wednesday.
I might not go with you though cuz I'm staying for a while to network and you bitch when I stay long.
Can't wait to see my mom and sister , I missed them...
Hey.
Be sure to follow next weeks tweets as I post tips on what to do postsurgery nutrition properhealing and much more!
Oh eeeeh oh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
: Been covering NBA 28 years and never saw better crunch time D in a playoff game that's saying alot cause you cover the spurs
I found it and immediately stopped everything I was doing and started to watch it.
lol!
Live cover of my humps at the wedding..
I'm home.
great!
pick any topic you'd like  feel free to talk about the projects you're working on as well :
Mine too!!
WeekdayWeekends are just swell, eh?
please please tell me you watch So You Think You Can Dance.
Please.
: Thank you for caring, Vicki!
3 3 3 3 3 She is a blessing to me...
along with my two kitties, of course.
:
Well, then there is Cheezburger Network :
RETWEET if your from NewYork ladies follow me I followback 
Challenge continues to be if students are digitally literate and can use online tools for assignments.
followfriday some of our favorites in dentistry...
: Also, Julius Mays will always be Julius Mays Hayes to me.
majorleagueu may run like Mays, but u hit like shit!
Done.
Also reminded people about the presentation runthru in lecture tomorrow.
Might want to caucus with NP and BG in advance
in the studio workin
RT : Tonight's Featured Burger; Sloppy Joe w/a Fried Egg  Fries  Bell's Oberon Or our Branch Burger  13
Blame it on the rain that was fallin fallin
I saw!
Congrats!!
it's thicker than regular yoghurt and almost as good as Icelandic yoghurt.
Try Skyr.
I miss my little weed smoker, :
To the spa!!!
Yay!
lil wayne RT : Man what happen to American apparel :
Thanks!
Me too.
: RT : I love it that your last name is coffee, by the way :P
I love you bro  : , We needa chill asap , not playing !
3
Im over it.
I'm going to try to make it to too, looking forward to seeing you again!
: andwhatelsehater LMFAO RT : Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game .
suck dick
Dont forget your after ;
watching Take me out to the ball game
Hey brought up the panel on the 24th and I will be there with others...
Yea, there is a need to find a bigger place
Life is short...
smile while you still have teeth.
;
We're over 230 likes now!
Want to help us make it to 250?
Share our page with your friends!
Thanks!
vuvuzela app on ipone holy cow!
hilarious!
50 Today!!
Grateful to be here!
1961 girls rule!
haha funny!
The kid sitting next to me laughed so hard he farted and it warmt even funny part but he definitly made it one!
Just sent you a DM with the details.
Our EPIC video premiere is tomorrow.
I'll send you the link.
It's pretty amazing.
Pls spread!
never that
The internet is horrible while ill.
It's either a cold, pneumonia, diabetes, or cancer.
It's probably not lupus.
The weather in NYC looks like its going to be pretty sucky this week!
Hopefully by the weekend it clears up and I can do my first timelapse
I'm A Bitch
Big sports night.
Go Orioles!
Go Capitals!
Hanukkah begins at sundown tonight.
Chanukah Sameach to all who celebrate the festival of lights!
Lots of Travis Rice commercials during this Travis Rice competition.
Young ass nigga, life long doctorams
Working on search as you type for looking up accounts when you have an extremely long list of accounts instead of scrolling through list.
Thnx for the new followers Let's share our content!
!
lol i gotta listen to it..i been really busy that's why i haven't heard it yet
come watch jon and kate plus 8 with me!
Tonight's dinner entertainment is The Leisure Hive.
Don't think this is going to be a favorite of mine, but onwards!
If you don't have enough contempt for humanity, follow beepss on Instagram AND read all the comments that dudes leave on each pic.
Sounds good
putting together new songs.
Twitter is so broke omg, i cant stand this.
house show this weekend, babies.
:
RT RT Rep.
Jack Williams tells me he hopes 2get bill 2help Jefferson Co.
on the floor in the house next week
feeling strangely obsessed with barley wines...
still...
Kafka is the only person who really understands me.
at the alderwood mall?
MONDAY MORNING QB TIME!
Pulling Zack in the 8th?
Brooks Conrad?
Ax in the 9th?
brewers SportsRadio
Happy Birthday!!!
In more ways than one,my brotha!
Stoked that Cy Henley is brewing for
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life?
Next Thursday would work so much better for me
I thought I was the black hole
Using the ct word and douche to describe bad behavior is misogynist.
Oh, and I'm playing with church kids, so keep it clean.
Just because a person smiles all the time , doesn't mean their life is perfect .
That smile is a symbol of hope And strength
I love you New York but I need to spend some time away from you.
Need a
Chris Webber is doing great job.
i think  tweet are a lot alike.
Both of them bitch asses should follow me tto!
The Books in Browsers II conference has just kicked off at the Internet Archive in San Francisco.
Amazing attendees..so glad 2 b here!
Palomar Arlington is one that we haven't stayed at yet.
Maybe in June.
Going historic in DC for may's date night.
your quote inspired me for one of my projects dealing with death  dying.
Thanks for that.
I'll check out more of your work.
so rad!
Thanks Naomi!
Just taking some time to say I hope you're doing great!
:
what did you think of mission impossible ghost protocol?
how are u tonight
The only microwave in the whole building and you decide to heat up what you just took out for another two minutes?
come'on
I think it was If it was, I hate you
being sappy and listening to The Luckiest by Ben Folds.
it was funny!
Lol.
so watcha doing?
I was sitting in history, and a new song idea came to me!
I think I'm gonna finish it tonight:
My Dad could really use a new tv, still using the old style
How's Favre looking now Green Bay, you just got punked by a high school football team, You're an embarassment to the game.
Have you seen them in concert?
:
Wouldn't be mad if we took Alshon Jeffery instead though.
Check out Google.com today.
I think it's in, internet marketing
do you rush into a relationship just because everyone else is in one?
Do I know you
doin ur homework?
After that please follow me:
It just expired.
Just my luck!
Time to shop!
Good morning Twitter!
we have a proxy in front of F, and serves lrg file delivery, negotiates authn/z with fedora, and streams the file from disk
word son.
If you pay attention to the words of every girls favorite songs, youll find out everything shes afraid to say.
My lack of being an optimist about things will now be known as being a pragmatist about things
happy 4th everyone!
spent the evening replacing flat texture with 3d geometrically modeled first style wall painting in the house of the faun model.
holla!
lol she's been gone for two years now!..lol You just has a R moment.
I agree get the room clean a avoid the taxes.lol
Thanks Nicholas!
As we often joke, that was a moment you can't script those things...
funny stuff!
Yo...for real....why is it 15 degrees hotter in Spartanburg today??
Now you have 2
Thanks!
Glad you like my hat!
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend.
If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
is it possible you are attracting porn spammer's bots because of your language?
Kind of moth to flame.
That would be poetic.
Best day ever!!!
Haha family here :3
JINX again RT : NO HITTER JINX
Good call Roenicke, let Counsell swing the bat!
Hopefully this works out...
walking into !
Back to Back blocks by Sanders.
One on Howard and one on Udoctorh.
Just three minutes in a sustained sucession of asanas can change mental focus.
There must be biochemical explanations for this.
I dont think she came /:
Learn to effectively utilize your CRM system and chat with us at booth
hes man handling him
thats crazy man why u need condoms do u even have aboyfriendgirlfriend can u msg me
is the BEST!!!!!
Have fun in your sauna tonight.
Frost bite will be back Thursday!!!!!
LAS VEGAS
When I saw her perform it wasn't like Oh God Diva, it was like DAMN Diva!
Abraham Lincoln.
seeing plows everywhere, roads are relatively clear good job!!
stood until we got to Baltimore, sitting now
I'm downstairs at ATT booth charging up.
No female singer had or has such vocal sound as Whitney Houston.
Whitney we will always love you!!
Rest in peace!!
We have a new server ready  vpnys1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Molkom, Sweden.
It's available in your customer area now.
congrats on 60,000 u totally deserve it
I'd argue that is a real runner.
omg remember that one time when we gave ur mcdonalds toy to the cashier at DQ when u handed the money?
HAHA
i think playing lipservice to sustainability despite coverage at EMEC12 aibtm.
Y?
takes investment  longterm focus.
I just read a comment that said, the government should stay out of education and leave it to the state.
Wow...
thank you so much.
:D
Why do people get on Facebook to watch videos?
Are you playing the metadata doctornking game?
Count how many times the word is used...
Prehistoric shocks as dinosaurs roam museum  Belfast Newsletter
Love your pic!!!
Yes, and I do.
I actually use Stormie O'Martin's book Power of a Praying Wife and alter the prayer to fit a future husband.
Tinsley for Vandy might be getting a letter from the FBI.
why you using my picture?
Anyone who sees  a bad Tweet about themselves is getting hacked!
Planning Bitter Sober's next music video for TRBT....stay tuned!
surfer blood's anchorage is a very good song to play loud, I've noticed.
Jim, we need to find a bar and doctornk beer so I can hear you say that last line In Person.
It's not just the misogyny  it's the prurience.
Limbaugh wants to watch the sex video??
APPALLING is too light a word.
How about FIRED?
I saved the text cuz I couldn't believe it......
If he's spelling like that Troy is in
that should be a good one.
I hope I can get tickets lol
Ready 4storm tomorrow?
doctorss warmly; wear boots/hat/gloves; don't overdo snow shoveling; keep car gas tank full.
Only if she knew how hard it was to read stuff and think if it about another guy...
one ar's trash is anothers treasure!
Ok GameofThrones.
Move some stuff from Storm of Swords into this season.
Then show us some Red Priestess sex that the book only alluded to.
great!
How's things with you?
Working from home today.
Ahh.
Comfy!

I heard that crack in the sky a few minutes ago.
It has my attention!
Adult Chorus rehearses Monday nites.
Interested voices see fairfaxchoralsociety.org for audition information.
is moving to !
Follow to get all the best coupons, deals, and money saving tips as we get them!
The Hearts of Lonely People on repeat all night.
Lmao!
un huh
oh hai, guys ;
Bitch your going to have to pay for my jokes!!
Lol
So pumped.
Make sure you bring a rain coat just in case
Apple earnings and Bernanke comments lift U.S.
stocks.
Dow adds 88 points.
Nasdaq gains 2.3, SP rises 1.4
Mom bought me and Kassie our own soda cause she knew we'd steal hers
rain is good
If Memphis dont win my momma prob gone go ham on either me or my brother!
One man come in the name of lube.
One man come and go.
RT : Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account.
Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
actually i believe they said monday
Just got notice for another audition this evening for an episodic series on Lifetime Network.
P2 didn't deserve a standing o but Jessica did if Joshua got one
shit..he dead ass serious too.
Run!
saw this lady using wings after 1000M this morning on the subway.
That is a great idea!
Fine art is a much better gift than towels.
why don't you do vlogs anymore?
I don't like this
FUCK YOU ALL YOU AWESOME GAMES COMING OUT SO CLOSE TOGETHER!
You're stressing me out cause I don't have time to play you all!!!!
Can someone send me a pinterest invite?
I wish I had super powers
Can't wait to have you back!
At home hanging with my cuzo's.....
FB add Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright.....find me.
Without a story, you are merely using words to prove you can string them together in logical sentences.
EC TWINS this Wed  SupperClub.
Call me for tables and guest list  310.382.6067
My eyes are failing me and I still have contacts in.
That's my cue.
RT : Any weekend plans?
We do now!!
10 things to do this weekend Crain's Chicago Business...
appointed to Babson's social media council :
No four player split screen, unfortunately.
We opted for true Widescreen support and, subsequently, a wider FOV instead!
hm.
since i was a kid.
But i never did it regularly.
until now now
: Before I die I want to fall asleep under the stars with someone special.
aren't those honor flights amazing?
My grandpa loved his trip.
Can only imagine how much it means to the veterans!
ps are you excited for Avengers tonight?
hahaha I had to so all my followers could be entertained tonight.
Ain't nobody gon run me in my house , like no lil bitch lmao
Just took my pants off in class.:
Large layoffs loom on Wall Street  Fortune
In Atlanta...realizing how vegetarian friendly Seattle is.
Thanks for the follow;
doctorHoward
I do fear it.
SJFCon sounds very interesting.
I wish I wouldve known about it ahead of timelikely wouldve attended :
man, the Swedes sure are some sexobsessed people, what with all the screwing  pounding.
Always love the Bundesliga, also a great goal by Arsenal in the Premiership.
Thanks so much!
3
Aint no use in stressin' ova bs u knew was gon happen anyway....
dude that sounds so sick!
RT Up to 20 of the cals we consumer daily are needlessly eaten.
Try these tricks to stay on track...
My pleasure
jaw knee music
Follow me back!!
I didn't.
Hahaa we just wanted to know when he got out.
I won't be able to stay up for your bday, so I wanted to say I love your music, and your such a inspiration to me.: H ...
Kevin, causing shit in HELL, in the sequel to 
I dont need nobody but my got dame self.
sorry i went shopping and I left my fone home and oh!
you in session or skipping this round?
I want to say hey.
All you want is to eat people?!
Oh, wait.
There was a comma there.
Whew!
herworld how many girls have a vision board?
Nice!
Not surprised!
Me...I'm a different breed.
I'm a multiSLACKER : I do many nonproductive things, simultaneously!
Awwh thanks!
:D I hope you do well too isa
Hello Duncan.
Sorry about that.
Have a lovely day.
Great doc for sure.
Frontline is great.
he's mine :O
Augustus assumed trad powers of Roman father to the state through marriage  inheritance.
Family matters become state matters
Donny Darko you ROCKED tonight in that Tango!
Nice biceps ; Absolute amazing teamwork!
Very exciting night  DWTS!!!
Found a ladybug in my lunch salad, and have decided it is good luck for today's business meetings.
Kat still got that fatty.
Boo.
RT RT Touchdown Jesus insured For 500k2x cost to build.
God had no comment on his role in potential ins.
fraud.
HAPPY 26th BIRTHDAY :
100factsaboutme is still trending.
I just finished one book.
Any good recommendations?
I like personalgrowth Spirtuality and
my head hurts omg
damn I can't make it now
yay I can't wait to see you
lol should I sleep with one eye open?
i dont mind not havin sex before he go to bed cause i know after the short nap he gone enjoy it more
Woot!
Just had a GREAT weekend with and now it's time to get to work.
No show tonight; Get Him To The Greek press showing!!
wow thanks sis.
I was just thinking about texting you to see if you were still up.
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I secretly kinda hate all yuuuur ex girlfriends.
:
Everyone in Paris speaks English, and the doctor offices have obvious signs.
You'd be ok.
Tonight was in its own category...
So excited for Alim Qasimov  Kronos Quartet tomorrow night!
yea girl get ur iron up
ThingsGronkdoctoramsOf climbing the Agro Crag, footballsized Gushers, fishing w/ grenades, banging Carmen Sandiego on the moon.
The old perverted side of me got a real kick out of the way those two sentences ran together, hehehe.
Just saw taylor swift.
Who owns a franchise and wants to chat with me tomorrow about training opportunities within franchise operations?
Need sources ASAP.
So so so happy!!
Final 3 baby!!!
cool im from vegas
Waiting for the LOST finale...
my nerves are shot.
I know, you love it when I mention Talance.
Talance, Talance, Talance.
Happy Thanksgiving from the TEDxAFC crew!
Have a safe and blessed holiday!
Another Monday for us to greet you with.
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
Enjoy your week.
lol respect bro
Don't let anyone tell you, you can't do anything.
That's short.
RT : Oregon's scoring doctorves are shorter than their cheerleaders' skirts.
Def going to the nurse next period to sleep just ain't puttin my head on them pillows probs full of lice or some shit
Quite delicious indeed : How's school going cutie?
I might be available to be signed as a GSW fan if that's the case.
Bucks GM cited Monta's 20ppg average as proof he's a scorer...
Watched Galaxly Quest and took a nap.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend
So I walk in here and half the band already knows my dad!
we saw that guy while working at Jo's this afternoon!
Hey had it all: donkey, cowboy hat, mustache, iPod!
oh i know the feeling sad face lol
Funking for Jamaica
i liked how you added that .99 lol
Might gambling away a large sum at Potawatomi Bingo and Casino make up for the past transgressions of my European forebears?
I am like what is left of rabbit after it loses its lucky foot.
if I could spell, I could swear more effectively!
Introverts poignantly speaking out on leadership in libraries!
Love beating some prestigers ass
ApTip: Use fliers not flyers.
As in, I've racked up so many frequent flier miles, I'm flying to Hawaii and never coming back.
Me and brought the PYT's to the Party!
They didn't like that.
Oh Lawd I think I dune fell and sliped my Got dang disk
I'm pretty doped up on Vicodin right now.
I feel great though.
EEk.
Blake Dempsey tweeted me.
Awh yeah.
Just 10 more days of this thing called school
i'll give you 2 guesses which it is.
I'm doing god :
Eating downtown before a show at the PAC or concert at BOK?
Try the Daily Grill inside the Hyatt Regency Tulsa.
If ya know what da Bristol Stomp is, then ya need to be at Sissonville Middle School  Lions Club n VFD car show...come on over ...
walking home at 5am?
Someone has become irresponsible with their 7 hours.
I think you need an intervention
Yes, we're definitely keeping that in mind!
We are out of ZICO samples, but don't worry we will be back up in North Hollywood again!
Today sucked mostly.
I hate the word hate.
And other things.
So done.
So ready.
So help me.
Please.
I fucks with the rain..
Guess my greatest fear is that Sandusky's case will eventually mirror the Boys Town/Conspiracy of Silence case, on slightly smaller level.
We Just Gon Be At This All Night
Literally would give anything to go back to how things used to be 
off to school, see yall later alagtors lol
Accomplished one of my 2012 resolutions  started German classes today.
Now packing for alamw12.
Excited about the Dallas temps in the 70s!
tyler dill has a palm tree!
Hoping to watch LAST TYCOON for the first time in about 15 years.
Just bought my tix for Milwaukee!
Crossing an item off my bucket list with this show!
PARTY.
The Coolest thing is talking to people you would never meet in person...
lol Kinda funny how a few words can make you or break you.
In other words SPN gained about 400,000 votes in less than a week?
Manually?
Yeah...right.
my landlord just scared the crap out of me...
but i have hot water!
...
or i guess i will soon.
A huge thanks to all of the incredible fans, sponsors, volunteers, artists,  vendors who made Pensacola Beach possible!
Thanks for the add: Happy Thursday!

Thanks I need it that ....
Gracias !!!
Ignore that jer Nick.
Packer Nation still loves you and we miss you and are very proud of you.
needz to get me one of those...
RT : Hungry downtown?
is awesome.
The Porter was great.
Their Market Burger was unstoppable.
I need proof.
I don't believe it.
nice to meet you!
Hey Mike!
You have to check out the tea aisle.
They have some amazing new teas!
if i could i would love to hold your hand for a minute than never holding it in my entire life
Have I mentioned the 100ozchallenge recently?
Still going strong!
You'd be amazed how good hydoctortion feels :
Check out our smile gallery!
smile www.kravitzdental.com/smilegallery/
It's been hot here.
It was 79 degrees here today.
: You did something really dumb and made a fool out of yourself?
I bet saying YOLO will make it all better.
i am so scared im in new york and hurricaneirene hasnt came yet and its veryy windyy
my degree in the arts led me back to biz school lol
1/2 Marathon training : Monday morningNew beginning.
What are U going to work at this week in the gym MotivationMonday
if your life does not consist of playing Golf on Grounds today,
Latinos, stand up!
Come on down to the RevolucionSXSWi at Maria Maria  We'll be here all night!
now you gorgeous
FantasyFootball fans...
Week two of www.hottubsleeperpicks.com is online!
Watch this week's vid to see who the girls call out as sleepers!
Alright.
Well, sounds like we need to have a chat with the new president to make it happen!
Thanks for the compliment.
Have you created a professorle on the site?
Thanks Steven!
One small thing, the deadline is 2/6, not 2/16!
I gotta admit I prefer 711 to a bodega any day
If i ever got to meet and the rest of RNG, i think i would die
Can we get a new blog post or what?
:

You hate the cuse
Guns N Roses?
we back tomorrow same time same plaaaazzzze ;
right.
A picture is worth a thousand words and a million dollars
That's pathetic.
We didn't even have a chance.
Worst feeling.
Just can't even believe i wasted my time to see refs choose the outcome.
Wow.
And don't for get to buy a ticket to our show with Craig Owens early...it very well could sell out!
RT Any idiot can face a crisis.
It's the daytoday living that wears you out.
Anton Chekov
SOMEONE HAS doctorW ON ONE OF MY BIEBER POSTERS, IM FUCKING CRYING IM SO ANGRY AND UPSET.
Enjoyed the men's retreat today.
Examined some of my remaining biases re: sex and the church and found some room for growth.
Today's tip: Change your fitness routine every 46 weeks to prevent a workout plateau.
Brookfield Central senior Nick Olson will play college hoops at Division I national champion Whitewater.
I finally found trutv and I'm rewarded with Baylors nuclear neon disaster outfits
whoever you end up with is very lucky!!
Each day is part of the journey.
Each month another landmark.
The key is to make sure you have your goals set and advance toward them.
Don Cornelius' death got buried due to Whitney, but He's so important as to be incredible .
Love Dead Mou5...Glad he's at the tables 2night
When Girls Call Each Other 'Baby Girl'  Idk Why It Just Annoys The Shit Out Of Me lol
I hope you feel better this weekend than you did last weekend.
They looked fine when I was taking them.
Have to finish the comedy class ones before I can get to those.
No problem, man!
Can't wait to see all the beautiful people gather by the presence of the 14th Dalai Lama today!
HoodoctortNamesOnFacebook is the stupidest trend in the history of Twitter
On the Metra stuck in Highland Park.
Previous train broke down and this train combined with the broken one to form a single, enlarged train.
PickUpLine: Can I have directions to your heart?
Moses Malone on the spurs
Last night in Boston..
laying low, for the most part.
Wishing I had someone to walk to the Charles with, it's so nice out tonight
Given recent events, wondering if omla is serving any of our interests.
We speak out, we pay the price.
whered you get one?
I love a good midday oxymoron RT: I speak as a rational Met fan.
Its a good start.
lol 'you should see the other guy'
Doing the last bit of orientations for the new school year at the library.
Gonna go home and not talk the rest of the night.
Hahaha.
I try to use my powers only for good.
;
So far number three has been fairly mellow.
I suspect number four is going to be the real deal!
:
your really hot
that sounds like fun.
Ha  you're over thinking it.
Take the compliment part and run with it.
:
I just virtually stocked the pantries of 7 hungry North Texans!
Retweet
Could this be City's 89?.
This happened in a very high class.neighborhood in lakewood ranch florida.
Had a great time this morning talking health and wellbeing with Thanks for having us!
Thanks!
Boise is especially liveable on spring days when the sun is out.
That awkward moment when   adds you on Facebook.
On a scale of voldemort to pinochio, how big is your nose?
How's everyone doing today?
Good, I hope.
:D
you are and always will be my favorite actor....
And the reason I'm afraid of planes.
Big weekend in sports!
Mayweather / Cotto, Talladega, Kentucky Derby,  NBA/NHL playoffs!
mom's online, making observations: suziplumb: I see you ha ha hi hi to you too!
Good lord!
Do i have to log off to go to the doctor cleaners?
Rock on.
Hey Denise, it's Ashleymomo : We forgot to ask you, can you become part of the CuddlePuddleCrew?
making heavy moves my man.
off to Madoctord for a weekend with the boys!
go Syracuse!
thanks for following
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to meeting you in my NYC adventures.
I have very much enjoyed your words of wisdom.
Jo
hey u no who this is right
On the way to challenge cup:
So Gov Romney wins The GOP Belt by count out.
I personally think both Romney and Obama are weak.
We R SCREWED either way.
I'm I Ron Paul?
Join us at Lincoln's this evening from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m.
for our St.
Patrick's Day Manager's Reception!
Enjoy a mashed potato bar  beer.
Trying to get a million things done today.
So much to do.
Not enough time in the day.
I once had 15 total bases once in a Little League game once, so I know how hard that feat is to accomplish.
My hubby needs a new car!
I hate not having !
Damn government!
Argh!!
Shout Out To All My Followers.
Thanks.
Duane2 U.
Got 3 s so close
10thingsaboutmyself 8.
I'm a loud person.
lol I always get in trouble at school for talking.
MINE IS TOO UGH!!
: RT Is my Twitter the only one acting up?
Doing homework in the library I dont want to!!!!!!!
Freaking school man I hate it.
nothing im just saying thats loose lol
nosoupforyou RT : Wade has had about 3 plays where he thought he was fouled and joey Crawford said no soup for u
Allen Americans
If I didn't do well on my math test, I have to go to SUMMER SCHOOL!!!
NO
Privileged to witness such a special event.
literally glowed as she walked down the aisle.
You're welcome!
Hope we get the pleasure of serving you sometime soon!
What are your New Year's resolutions?
We think one of them should be to come see us more often !
What is up homie
wheat thins with cheese is the best snack ever
Use a doctoringrack or linedoctor your clothes to save energy wasted by a doctorer.
they are very pretty cats but a little highly strung.
Ours thinks she's a little princess and is currently sleeping under the duvet
I think I just had the best salad ever in cottonwood
Mexican private Universities marching against the Oligarchy :D YoSoy132 First time since 1968.
Hey Divas  Gents...
shout put out to all my new followers
Come out to the 5spot!!!
we go on in a few!!
shoutout to jeremy for not using a condom
howrace How blazes brighter than the lights of Times Square
I lost my Chapstick again, I never get to finish them.
You're so sweet.
I steal from you an average of...every blog post:
lol.
And smh most of y'all women do...
but it only wrks on da dumbies...
Padilla!
Love that guy.
Happy news everyone!
Our team has safely landed in Nicaragua!
Keep an eye out for updates from them on Facebook and Twitter!
in motion Getting my dots connected
RT : :very foggy in Plymouth.
I was hoping to see supermoon before bed!nope, sorry...fog wins 2nite.
better chance 2mister
Amazing!I'm sure we'll need moreshould we get the next one?: Just ordered a bike rack....should be here by end of the month
Bouta play saints row 2 ...
Now you see how bored I am !!!
You too!!
xox
Naww son!
I'm like uncle Jesse on sum otha shit!
Youz B Danny Tanner bitch!
RT is that some MaryKate and Ashley shit?
I did see 's rainbow tweet, but I have to imagine she was a bit more reserved than Crazy Bus Rainbow Lady.
I use Andoctorid TweetDeck with text size 27!
you disappeared but the history is still here
Hey guys, it's kind of awesome outside right now.
Damn that was close!!
Excellent fight!!!
Congrats on the new job and new baby.
Ask the mahomies ; Are you excited for suummmeerrr ?;
makin a move or 2 bro, chleo comin thru the studio at some point today?
Looking forward to the Google for Small Business workshop today, sponsored by the Kansas City Kansas Chamber of Commerce.
: Any dope Photographers in Chicago want to come snap a few shots at the studio in the next week or so?
Its time for House and Wilson's dying.
WHY, God?
WHY??
It's all kids all morning at the FFL!
Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030!
I can't wait t
i am...i made a surprise trip home for the events tonight...
RT : We love Riesling because no other wine goes from bone doctor to decadently sweet!
Bad night  don't fucking talk to me tomorrow at school unless you like being kicked in your fat fuckin ass

Thanks for following us and Aloha!
Mistle toe belt buckle 
A popular standard, Bye, Bye, Blackbird sung by the sensual Julie London!
bit.ly/xlnmEk fb.me/1xRXKxsTi
panethnicity as what makes racial organizing possible for asian americans rather than ethnic american model....
daryl maeda
its been great soo far!
you?
Mary I've studied FatherGod's Word with you for 30yrs  All should get to know your pure heart of love for FatherGodChrist
are you still there?
:
ALWAYS GOT ME WAITING!!!!
ATT phone still broken 8 days.
ATT store unable to fix.
Warrantee phone line unable to fix.
Next is exchange depot.
ATT makes it hard.
disappointingfilms new moon
Got some time?
Come play games in NetworkingUncommons!
We've hacked our faves Library Clue, ALA Apples to Apples,  more!
10am
True that.
Beautiful.
He just needs to at least look like he wants to be there haha
Fav strait club
For many teams, having a vision is not a problem.
Having the same vision is.
Don't assume the right direction is obvious.
For 40 years you've been told you have to vote Dem or Repub.
And where has that gotten us?
Time to vote Liberterian Party for real change!
HUGE congrats on your James Beard Award!
Even better the second time!
Morning!!
: You should have some Melon for breakfast.
RT : VCC has no building inspectors in 2012 budget.
CW HedgeMorrell: What i hear is the FQ is not being guarded.
I'm too delicate to be called names everyday it makes me cry
What's been going on since Feb 5, I hope you are doing well, as that is a long spell between TWEETS : ????
You should uh send me the full review too heh.
In Relationships I dont do breaks I believe thats just a step from breaking up imean why be in a relationship if your gonna want a break???
Free speech, no SOPA.
It all made perfect sense, and at the same time, nothing seemed to make sense at all.
Nicholas Sparks
Birdhand's guitarist is using a violin bow on his guitar for some pretty cool effects.
Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
i wasn't saying it would be a bad thing.
i think it would be better if it was changing.
but it doesn't sound like it is.
blame it on da goose lol I do.
shrugs
u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
Let's hope Jia Zhangke won't be remaking Lord of the Ring in 20 years time.
Yes, sorry about that, it should be fixed now!

my left was hard to get in there  I realized it blew today.
:
Guess I should tweet about my last session since it's being given by someone at Twitter.
:
Hardcore pawn
On My Way to California ..
Snow is covering Everyth WTF !!!
they're both very similar with their general suckitude.
Some of these seedless grapes are less seedless than others.
Have you been to see the Yayoi Kusama exhibition at yet?
Our design team recommends it!
Hate the Poor?
Hate the Disabled?
Hate the Muslims?
Hate the Homeless?
Hate the Homosexuals?
Why not join the Conservative Party?
Oh snap I wanna watch that movie.
Omg.
Shaun Cassidy on Oprah..
woohoo
Scandal just murked my nerves...Good thing I am not a smoker
No worries.
There are more important things in life....like life.
Lau Eyed Girl
Our friends in Oregon wine country are doing an awesome giveaway!
Head to their twitter page to find out how to win!
Wow, Lindsay Lohan is a bad host.
Guess I'm not surprised.
why yes, yes it is!
Or I should say...was.
Yum!
:
yeah so where's Waldo?
ATTENTION CHICAGO!!
WE HAVE BULLS TICKETS FOR TONIGHT AGAINST THE MIAMI HEAT!!
TWEET US IF INTERESTED!
GO BULLS!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you.
Kiss me til you'll doctornk and I'll show you.
Big girls are the freakiest
Time to hit these weights
Midnight and I got the munchies Pinkberry  XavierLT.
com
home sweet home
NCLC12 kicking off today.
We're getting ready to visit DCarea schools' Chinese language programs.
lol, hey Merry Christmas eve!
hope your day is great!
Not overly engaged with the world of art magazines, but I will miss outgoing Art in America editor Marcia E.
Vetrocq's insightful essays.
S/o's to my Middle East, NC homie and
Fancy at the Ivy with my fancy and lovely friend!!!
Now I am cleaning but a bit tipsy but worth it for fun and fancy times.
omg...
i am going to stop talking now.
haha
all about dem fuzzy socks today
Since I got problly like ten or eleven years worth of lyrics uh left stolen whatever it was idk what I'm doing :p
Thank U 4 MT U Rock RT : Albuquerque  jeweler, artist, Native American Art appraiser FollowFriday

We couldn't do it without the support of our fantastic and supportive partner !
Okay now I gotta do my nails aghh
tryin....AL is interesting.
I may be reading too much into it, but it seems as though UL is doing a lot of talking this week.
Hence the inferiority complex,
will continue the defamation war against Braun.
should be embarrassed by how they've covered this
When was the last time you went on a family vacation with your family?
My local camera and photo store Dury's closes at 2pm on Saturday.
WTF?
It's about people are dead, god, devil, bad people, bad things, man fighting with girl and more!
D:
ok the data use should end soon.
he is changing the settings.
We can't really bash Cincy anymore.
Stress free .
Happy ish/ can't wait for summer .
Hope this week turns out for the best .
Hey so A Little Bit More is going to be on MTV's REALWORLD tonight, vocals and all.
So be sure to check that out at 10pm EST.
RT Thanks!
: I'll say this again, if McGee isn't dunking, he isn't scoring.
He's very raw.
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn't Exist
: Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!
RT they're too stupid to realize it...
wintergreen on deck.
Got a long night ahead.
Besta luck to you

You're gonna get hopons...
Don't think so.
Been using a special shampoo as a preventative measure.
Joe's YouTube honros for today: 15 Most Subscribed 75 Most Viewed  Musicians 98 Most Viewed
so I want an live hardcore to be hardcore tattooed on my wrist  simple but effective tattooed on my hip.
ok?
ok.
Photography history tidbit: Canon started out as Kwanon, named after Buddhist multiarmed goddess of mercy, Kwannon
rich republican supporter  I'll pay more taxes then funding these GOP loser campaigns
I asked my mom to make me a peanut butter, jelly and mayonnaise sandwich when I was 4.
Not recommended.
Does that count?
o i was gonna say your too pretty to be fightin but i dont have to worry about that problem
.
ur obsession with only proves that those who watch have no life.
Why don't u get a hobby besides troll?
It's too early to start the day with a good news ButWhoAmIToComplain :
BWI was fine with my pocket knife, MKE not so much.
Getting ready for our Grand Opening of the Tiffany exhibit on May 8th!
Join us for this fantastic exhibit of art  history!
Hey we pop champagne cause we got that dough!
Is it a bad thing that I've been sitting in bed eating Nutella and Marshmallow Cream out of the jar for the last 30 minutes?
What an honor!
where's the love??
I'm beyond pissed now.
hi!
I like ur professorle pic!
Great thought for the day: If you think you're too small to make a difference, try being in bed with a mosquito.
The Dalai Lama :
That's great!
Where are you from originally?
just woke up from a nap lol and trying to force myself to go to the store !
where'd you apply to?
:
Telecommuting librarians, what's been your biggest challenge in your homebased work experience?
Sometimes when I doctornk, I take a shower and come out with only a towel on my head
Happy Monday Blenders!
Who's ready to mix up their wardoctorbe this week?!
everyone learns from their mistakes...
yup.
Saturday it is.
pretty cool.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Be safe and have fun with the ones you love!
Can't wait for tomorrow3 universalStudios!
Good morning!
Hope you all have a good start to the week!
Calling the right leads at the right time with the right message increases conversion rates
what's up
My Philadelphia 76ers balled tonight and kicked the doodoo out of the Boston Celtics tonight!
Is it dinner time yet?
Looking forward to to enjoy some of creations.
M
U Unfollowed me
Once again, the A's get two on but Wegman retires Canseco and Lansford.
Crew remains in a 21 hole after five.
my sweatpants are perf!!!
All things are difficult before they are easy Thomas Fuller
COMIC SANS!!!!
We'd love to help!
Just shoot us a quick email w/ some more deets  we will look into it!
I love my fans' reaction whenever I follow, retweet them...
exactly!
I went natural bc of some things that wr going on in my life, not bc a blogger told me to do it!
he's better than mccoy I think
Gail Kern Paster, The Body Embarrassed.
What is your purpose in life?
Its your responsibility and duty to explore until you determine what is the core purpose of your existence.
Almost gave up at mile 8, but powered through.
I need a nap!
I'm so bored!!!
Txt me!!!
Ask for the number :
Travail Newark  we are having a Rocking Recruitment Thursday!!!
A big shout out to clients and candidates.
How many times is it appropriate to say What?
before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said?
Mission find Michelle's debit card!!!
Ready, set, ......GO!
I've learn quite a bit about jQuery and PHP.
I already knew a lot of the HTML/CSS stuff on there.
But I'd recommend it.
Thanks for the referral.
would love to talk to you about mobile ux.
What are you looking to do.
DM me.
I'll be spinning tonight live inside Rumi lounge really Djing with no bs that's how I do!
Hope to see you there!
Bieber back off, Selena is mine
Surrender tonight has a few special things going on make sure to find out what they are!
Only
blame it on the technology?
happy bday Jordy!
Your my role model and I love watching you play.RT would make my day!
Hb a RT for hoosiernation??
lol You will follow.
Nice ;
My house smells like shit...
literally
I'm sure the wrist injury didn't help his eFG this year.
lol where was he at?
omg I thought about you after I tweeted this!!!
It might be scary to just jump in but taking the initiative clears up what if...
I like the feeling of taking charge!!
freezing outside :'
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas!
We love our network there!
how can a hashtag half as long as a tweet be trending?
I am worried I'm eating some semirotten oranges...but hungry enough to not really care
I  minimalism.
okay.
But I seriously will, I'll sleep on.your couch and everything.
Brett Favre too?
RT : Let the tears begin...tim tebow and urban meyer are gonna cry.
I can see it coming.
Success  If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit.
There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Sidewalks are relatives of parks not streets.
They are for talking, playing, doing business, kissing and transportation.
that sucks
Ya think??!!
RT Capricorns are anxiety prone  are easily annoyed.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
yes yes yes.
Always apply
Well people tiredmode I'll finish shout outs tomorrow.
Nighty night
Had missed two classes  all I can say is that it was GOOD to be back!
Best 99/month you can spend people.
My dance friends are the most amazing people I have ever met.
I can't even explain how much I love them all.
just wait...I have faith the second half will be his...wade hasn't really taken great shots either
The Hunger Games :
Thanks so much for coming out yesterday to the sustainablefeast!
You guys were great!
I'll be into visit soon.
My self criticism always seems to get in the way.
Maybe I should stop, wait that's another criticism.
This guy must really be good.
I keep hearing about him.
Kids keep styling their freaking hair like him.
people who hate stopsayingthat she is awesome.
you are just jealous beacause ariana look good in red hair and no you ;P
Come visit us at bakery sq!
From 1pm till 4pm at the best bakery party in pgh
haha I didn't know there was one.....wait is it the Hope taalent show?
Great writeup.
Nice peek into Mechner's story.
Karateka  Prince of Persia loom large in my childhood gaming memories.
It's been a long time since I used the web UI of Twitter, and there seems to be a bug  randomly blank rows w/ only an arrow indicator.
It's National Beer Day...this is NOT Communist China, so take advantage of your American freedom and doctornk some cold ones.
Another childhood icon gone.
Man I am getting old.
im bout to follow yu on instagram
Up the Yangtze wins genie award in Canada.
Congrats!!
If I die my last words are..
no problem bro.
I'm going crazy for Justin Beiber!!!!!
I hope he will follow me!!!!!!
3
Mind: Blown.
Thanks Criminal Minds
what's for lunch?
Index finger strangely sore and tired after a weekend Angry Birds bender with daughter Katie...
: Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind.
Finally looks and feels like Winter in Ohio.
Are you excited or sad about this?
lebron's turnover?
Just getting to checking out that Economist article, but def.
liked it, thx for forwarding!
Can I tell you how much I love Panama City Beach!
I miss it here...beautiful oceanfront house
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me....
I've wanted to go since I was 9...
I wanna cry now..
Thanks...
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Mimeo.com and FSI, announce a new production print solution.
What's your web to print strategy?
Good morning to a few lovely people on Twitter:
then i preordered the movie and shit and at tht time it was 6 30 so i went outside w/ john and played Frisbee for an hour
Breakfast with diana spv.
Nice.
I have a soft spot in my musical loins for early, early Frames.
Cave aged gruyere all day!!
RT : A shocking concept, right?!
RT Who DOESN'T like cheese ...?
No Comedy Central where I am  and I think tonight will be good, too!
Nasty is an understatement!
RT : Females who Tweet about they Period 
What breaks ur heart men.
Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha tonight y'all!
9pm Start!
A mortgage firm that has originated more than 10 billion in mortgages agreed to be acquired by LendingTree.
No clue but I think he should have to repay the  to those who donated but he shouldn't go to jail
This is a busy month for me!
Looking forward to making many changes!
Well the Brewers should start playing baseball now.
When fingering was Mega popular smh
True Blood!
:
'80s Afterparty tonight for igniteraleigh at ?!?
You know you wanna see my '80s prom doctorss!!!
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Skylar.
We we're wrong.
1D is coming to TX in June.
:O
hey boo look at my new tweeter professorpic : hope your spring break is going well!
The playing time for Stairway To Heaven is longer than it took Led Zeppelin to write it, the album needed 1 more song  it's FILLER?!
How do hicks get hot girls?
I just said that!!!!
Lol : Got damn everybody gettin injured
Yay, again!
RT : YAY!!!
moves onto the next round at tnw2012 startup rally!
Went through the new scanners at Detroit airport.
doctorams fulfilled.
And some other dude just walked up to me and said hello.
WhAT is GoINg oN
Well done
After the way this week has been the weekend can't come soon enough
RT Prayer shows God that you know some things are out of your hands
I am a runner.
I run at least 7 miles a day.If you're looking for a spokesperson, I'm available!
Haha!These have helped me so much!
Wow, great tip!
RT : Try pumpkin seed powder for a better nights sleep.
Its rich in tryptophan
OFFICIAL: WORLD IS SICK  OVERFLOWING W/WASTE; FORCED TAXATION IS PURE CORRUPTION; COPS R BASICALLY IMMATURE COWBOYS W/GUNS; FREEDUMB THUDS
youre sexy and i love you!
3
thanks for the RT!
fresh homemade corn tortillas.
makes me proud to have been switched with a fat mexican boy at the hospital when i was born.
yeah I follow back once you follow.
Guarantee
Me to 8yo: Sigh.
You can't go out with that sword in your pants.
And take off the goggles.
We have decided upon the AIA Baltimore 2012 Spring Lecture Series theme  CRAFT!
Rhymes with doctorft.
Coincidence?
what kind of smoker is that?
I dont want all the answers just some of them would be nice.
I had no idea Christina Hendoctorcks was in this movie!
Good grief, , you're such a T's.
cc
like let's actually do it!
Hahaha.
lmao i won't pick me up from school doe
but i have to do something special because i heard he never does follow back if you just tell him to
such a great area!
My sister was there when she was in the military.
Hope it has been a good day!
I love love my Steelers!!!
They are kickin butt  takin names ..
Woo
My posts are infrequent, lighthearted and I've always tried not to get too personal but yesterday we found out we're having a little girl!!
i was gonna go to sleep but then i saw 's tweet...Guess im staying up...
Digital content and humor go hand in hand, excited to see what comes out of the newfront today with
I can't get through!
She will be missed MT : Dallas Museum of Art curator Carol Robbins retires after 43 years at the museum
Charles Barkley a damn faggot for putting that doctorss on for that commercial.
There's still time to sign up your 36 yearolds for Story Time Teens.
Join us this Fri., Jan.
27 at 6:30pm to celebrate birthdays!
Is Kat not the most beautiful woman!
Everytime I watch LAInk I think WOW she is so pretty:
hi!
how are you?
Half: Dallas 25Austin College 39.
Need to make better decisions w/ ball and get stops.
We find our purpose when we deeply looking into the eyes of who we truly are and fall in love...
FMHY 3
KEVIN FROM BLUES CLUES IS ON THE ARGOS ADVERT.
We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!
Hush Hush ;
Love Lou's!
My office is a block away!
a bit more: it's a personal network for making decisions about where to spend time, money, energy, mindshare, effort...
Nxt Thurs cant come soon enough!
wont let me quit my other job lbs
Sounds like a perfect way to end the day!!
: on the rocks or frozen?
greater than
RT : Valve deserves props for getting a Game Of The Year nomination..
But where is L.A.Noire and DeusEx on that list?
thanks!
Can't wait to try it!
Small childoctorn sitting in First Class make me go hm?
At aquarium with the coolest kid ever...pretty much a big deal!
Im backed by popular demand
LOL AUSTIN TWEETED LIKE 6 SECONDS AFTER I TWEETED THAT OH THE IRONY!
Schools and offices will be closed Friday for Battle of Flowers.
Happy Fiesta!
Thank you...
Oh I remember how much I dislike taking phone calls.
pretty cool, huh?
follow me?
thank you!!!
Hopefully we will be back in ATL with all the great talent doing a casting soon!
We can meet then!
Looking forward to meeting you imex12!
It's a mixed blessing?
What's the blessing part?
good morning, happy tuesday to you
can someone explain YOLO to me?
Yes, very nice article about the Milwaukee County Research Park!
Played MW2.5 yesterday...not bad but not impressive either
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
I love my boyfriend since the day we met ; 3 goodnight :
hey residents.
Wine tasting from Sokol Blosser in the Sapphire Room tonight Executive chef, Mark Henry is making awesome food.
Come.
Omg i cant wait for hottie Smokin' Oakin' aka he is comin on Hannah Montana Forever
I can't wait until comes home and is on get the 5 year old to bed duty for a few nights.ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thinking about the Yankees win!
That should have been a big FF theatre shout out to for all the great entertainment news around L.A!
everyone should be requesting so many girls by Khleo Thomas on the radios!
FF for some design inspiration:
4 performances of TAPE left.
Don't miss this amazing play by Stephen Belber.
Get tix at www.tapenyc.com
nah mane haha.
I have swam a real practice since last summer bro.
What do think about Saints Head Coach Sean Payton and his suspension for Bounties?
Last meeting of my Authorship and Anonymity Senior Seminar.
What a great class.
It will be missed!
you look so great!
Best professorle pic ever!
Questions and Answers about the upcoming RAW graduate student conference are at the hashtag
She would have lost to any other politician but Mitt!
I just shattered the entire screen of my phone : now I'm trying to use it  I'm getting glass in my fingers : seriouslyy want to cry
what is happening today....too nice not to be outside...
In Harrisburg for a reunion with my frilly doctorsses girl!
Lmfaooooo he wont

Look for your free add on RichmondNightOut.com next week and let us know if you want to post specials or coupons !!
RT Do not ask me about the NFL's new overtime rules.
They are confusing as hell!
The battle begins as soon as you open your eyes in the morning.
I ain't a beeeeitch.
You're the beeeeeitch.
It's always nice to get a morning phone call from grandma.
I cant wait to see !!!!!
She's opening the show with David guetta!
Yeah, that's ridiculous.
Did the earthquake shake you up?
Come in tonight to practice and shake it out!
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Time to start a new life new ppl new friends
Way to
Would love to help bring home the bacon with for
Our St.
Patrick's Day showcase is around the corner.
5 cover, 6 acts, and plenty of good times!
plectrumentertainment.com for more info
Watching Supernatural before bed, now Friends.
Goodnight 3
Refreshing spa massage bar sold out.........
woo hoo.
Craft show hot buy.
: All of Israel Are Responsible for 1 Another.
That would be more responsibilities than there are particles in the universe.
will you be on the floor tomorrow?
Love to show you the
USA downs Finland in an impressive manner, 50, Howard with the shutout.
The US is in the Quarters.
Thank God for these blessings.
No problem at all hun.
From the Irish word seamisterg, meaning little clover, the shamisterck was regarded by early Celts as a charm against evil spirits.
you need to put that card back in your wallet.
High scorer so far here in the first half.
Considering alternate meanings of MFA...Must Feel Awful.
Mind Failing Always.
Might Fall Asleep.
Mighty Fine Alcoholism...Others?
this wine is SO good.
Fumf muscato.
it is storming outside!!!!
Lol
I'm going for vacation in July o:
cuz u use to.always ..look at del on twitter...nigga look at you.
lol
Happiness:Something that we decide ourselves.There r alot of reasons 2 b unhappy,but we choose 2 b happy because it makes us feel alive!
Listening to some big band swing Jazz...
lol catch up bro you a nigga you gotta get tatted the fuck up
Can vacation time be cashed out in Europe, as it can be done in the US?
RT : Rep.
Stacey Abrams, Georgia House Minority Leader, is speaking to
Mike Milbury called the rangers the 'blueshits' on live tv.
My songs are about my experiences.
So don't get offended when all my songs are about our friendship  the pain i went through.
hit me your line ain't working
I think your a great actress!
You help show that Mexicans can do anything!
:D
Man I dont even feel like singing anymore
Spirit, show me the right thing to do.
Show me the path you intend and give me the courage to walk it.
oh she think she grown?
social justice and civil rights issues Understood and excellent causes indeed.
I find myself wanting to photograph same.
what are you doing with a cow?
Tonight a live interview with Jane Pauley.
What would you like to ask her?
Live
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
I'm going to Syracuse
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Our latest show is up and available on iTunes and !
you know you got to have those biscuits with the gravy lol
Fort Atkinson strikes for three in the first and three in the third and leads 60 in the bottom if the third
Would love being at Central Park with her boy crazy attitude would make the walking so entertaining!!
Winner of the 2012 OBA in General Nonfiction: Imperial Japan at its Zenith.
Celebrating its 2,600th anniversary.
I said in the piece that if China's your bag, definitely learn Chinese, but it's not a world language, at least not yet.
More easywisdom  The best way to manage your time is to use it as efficiently as possible.
i need the Hunger Games Movies ryt now!
I'll need to come visit my rum.
And that.
with or without sauce?
thanks!
And get those Brewers straightened out for me.
They're not impressing me too much yet this season.
Volume 14.17 is out ready for workshops tonight.
This week we have writers from Miami and San Bernardino, go Beat!
FF Effective information on student loan debt that gets rid of creditors and collection agencies.
I hope you get a seat!
Happy Monday!
:
ThatOnePerson You Loose Track Of Time With 3
you have hbo??
Join me TONIGHT at 9pE, 8pC, 7pM, 6pP for our LIVE Corporate Updates Call 877.313.2651 / pin: 3359756 Free, Unlimited Talk, Text, and Web
what happened to that picture?
It's half purple
Gooooaaaaal!
Let's go USA!
All right tweeter back to the task at hand
Anybody have a link handy to a good article about best practices for leading a large hashtag discussion?
Wild first half in Waco!!
Can't sleep
Do U ENT and club Aurum will be sponsoring The Gymanimals one year anniversary charity celebration!!
They believe in giving back!!
: Forget What You Want, And Remember What You Deserve.
need leadership to say that unacceptable to have homeless on the streets

Thank you!
I'll take all the positive reinforcement I can get!
Making changes on my research paper is kind of tedious.
But it does sound much better afterward.
Thank god.
Bring on an A!
Weed brownies and blunts 
agreed and agreed.
MT Vastly more interested in Top Chef than Top Artist.
Every other flag sucks compared to the Texas Flag.
PLEASE ROBERT FOLLOW ME!
YOU're VERY SEXYY!!!!
you and can share everything behind the front row, which I'll be occupying
I don't want a fairytale, I'd rather write my own story...
ok will do!
Bfast Burrito Wednesday.
I can't wait for some Baseball!
You certainly are quite entertaining!
No salt for you...
I 3 our Rug Doctor.
It made for a productive Sunday afternoon.
make sure you get all the black VWs under the L tracks...
How do you deal with that?
How close has one ever gotten?
As I'm now hearing thunder outside
I always thought Pacquaio looked like a neanderthal but I didn't know he was actually one.
If someone said take me to your leader...who would you take them to/
I'm ready to see the BOYFRIEND video!:
Now that's a good looking screen!
Answer: Whales.
Good thing there isn't too much call for whale hunting in that state.
Here we go Modesto!
Miss Nelson is Missing for the 10th time this week!
Somebody find that bitch.
ok Whisky it is.
how long does a person stay on follow limit?
i want to follow directioners back but i cant!!:
Pls help me identify the ChickFilA exec who decided not need to sell coleslaw at ATL airport.
thank you : are you from germany??
Another podcast has been posted on our home page, find out more info about you can help Haven Source!
www.havensource.org
Today is one of those days where I feel like my heart has been steamisterllered but life goes on doesn't?
Here's hoping tom is better...
RokkinCat field trip!
come on be nice.....please
Lame press release subject of the day: Sublime With Rome announces summer tour dates
Flicked a teabag smack dab in the middle of the crevis of 's cleavege
booked a play  yay
I just realized that I'm eating my lunch for tomorrow.
yes, I received it.
Thank you for sending it over.
You will have the email by tonight!
On FB, I was viciously and verbally attacked by people claiming to be my Friends.
Ha Twitter is 100 better!
Its funny how ppl are quick 2 run to u wit open arms when they need sutmn but cant be there when u need em real talk
You know you found a good eye doctor when he brings up the Indiana Soccer team :
Great minds!!
:
Dear rain...
Thanks for happening during sxsw is this bc Rick Perry prayed for you?
I expected my microwaved sandwich, nothing more.
Back to starbucks tomorrow...
so bored but I don't really want to go out.
this heat is making me lazier than I already am.
and it's making me sleepy too.
what to do /:
And yes, I am genuinely excited about free dish soap  a sponge, because I ran out of Dawn  my old sponge smells like postKatrina NOLA.
I love u please follow back please
CES following the live awards!
Enjoy!
I caught you runnin ahead of the crowd i chased but never thought ide catch you
I see them D: I want to be the sand under their bodies Jackie!!
Sometime people will hate you, rate you , shake you  break you.
But how strong you stand is what MAKES you!
lookin to shoot a music video, short film, feature, commercial etc holl at me!!
can do it.
Email us::
Don't sweat the small stuff.
It will still be successful.
Ping pong tourny starts at 7pm.
Happy hour all night long!
Make no mistake, Satan is real.
He understood fully the plan he rejected and knows exactly what is required of all Gods childoctorn.
I'm still unsure what that is,but I'm super excited
thingsaboutmymommy my mommy is  of 
I just got professorundly sad for this generation of young women who don't have Angela Chase and Daria Morgendorfer as role models.
So bored.
I could be doing homework.......but we all know i wont.
RT  Cute boys in Indians hats  my weakness.
gotta be a sign!
And they doubt STEELERS are America's Team!
HERE WE GO!!!
luv ya Troy.
The ultimate acting is to destroy yourself.
Klaus Kinski
Integrity is the lifeblood of effective leadership.
At the half the trail 333 to the WTXRoughnecks...
There seems to be a consensus that Belltown Pizza is the best last stop ; Good news is it's in my building!!
oops.
Wrong tweet.
I suck at multitasking.
my fav beer.
Still have two bottles from last time they bottled.
And Burberry print.
The new MTV show, Money From Strangers, is hilarious.
Just taped some breaks on KPBSTV childoctorn's programming....Stay tuned...
I wanna feel the brotherly and sisterly cause but not at the expense of my job.
Seems a bit self mutilating.
Oh well
how come the person, who isn't been talk to 'seem to have all the answers?
I'll move to Paris, shoot some heroin and fuck with the stars
oh hell no lol
yea anyone can see he's gonna be world class
Weaksauce with weaksprinkles...
Although I enjoyed Tube Atlantic to a certain degree for it's brief dark moments.
Raju!
BACK TO LA WE GO!
Grades Looking good so far now I just have to FINISH
Certainly.
Although my andoctorid phone is only soso camerawise.
Last day at the Martin County Fair.
Come out and see us!
FUCK this phone call makes me realize that i need to pass my math class n it makes me super nervous.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr

The ppl associated with HBO Girls will face what a bringdown this waste of time was/is, hitting New Lows for tv.
Maybe he needs to apologize for doctornking Jo Bu's rum.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
apparently God wants my mom to get juviderm?
lol...
So, who is excited for 70 degree weather this weekend?
Happy Birthday Scuzzle Butt
yes this is very fun
Tomorrow is Tuesday and Wednesday comes afterwards
It's too beautiful outside to stay home going outside again..byee twitter :
Good Morning Bitches :
Livin' the doctoram.
men lie, women lie, numbers dont, i see that
Officially a certified mixologist.
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT1
Happy Friday!
S/O to all my new followers
I hate the fact that people is really making bull shit and calling it hip hop
Learn a new song or write a new song?
A lazy sunday !
oh..check out my earlier bus edition : tail whippin hee hee
Can't wait to rock 19th Hole Tonight in the Woodlands!!!
Come rock with us!
I'm dying right now
M!
Come have a Watermelon Wednesday with PPSS!
i love this dude
I think it's great that you want to share these unreleased projects with us!
How could anyone dislike the guy who did Paparazzi??
and new friends at A Day For Hooray!
thanks for the reminder!
We're green enough
that is hot would love to lol to bad we aint in same state lollol
what sort of writing?
Niccas need to learn that theyre better off telling the truth right away, because we will always find out eventually.
Blue Moon doctorfts are just 2 all day today.
Enjoy!
S/O to all my followers Thanks for the support!
Oakland Ave construction
ICONicGirlzShouldGOOnTour should trend!
Stanleys this Sat.
HICKORY ROBOT, Sassy,  Blue Caboose.
Hells to the yeah.
Really don't need these long speeches by Villaraigosa and Ed Reyes
Taco shells made out of Doritos?
Genius.
Oh, hey new Ryan Gosling movie trailer, I WILL WATCH YOU NOW.
thank you :
: I still wanna see Think Like a Man
your parents are awesome.
Too bad i didn't realize they were your parents, i would have bought them another shot.
I love Betty White's outfit.
Join the Danceoff party tonight at 8pm EST and win prizes!
Have a great show tonight if you can, champ.
guarantee night  place to stay  Sittin' good?
Going to officially start my Why Swarthmore essay now.
Let's see how long it takes for my first sentence.
hit me up boy!
3
Incidentally, that Parrish article that Btown Banners tweeted earlier is hilarious and fun.
Take a look.
Clustering is one way to addoctorss obstacles to identifying programs of study of current students.
Yes, anywhere with a 20 or more order
itsawesomewhen i can't find a damn job...
60 degree weather:
You made it!
Yay!
You are wonderful because you are a human, doing this thing called life with the rest of us.
That is enough!
Opening May 19th RT : Whats on your plate tonight?
Support local farmers  food producers.
Keep your food  local.
I tried really hard to understand why...
and it took awhile to see...
But once I did...
Continued next tweet
5 dollar gas.
Korean War.
Russia threatening devastating war.
Iran enriching nuclear materials.
School shootings.
GREAT LIFE hahaha xD
Well..
Your very welcome!!
:D 333
I am following you : its nice to meet you
like Idk the date of the month and yea like a day
Had a great meeting with Whether you love to paint or never have, you need to check them out
Freakin' Frog in Las Vegas, NV tonight!
Its been a crazy but good week!
D And Sheltered By Skies just wrote some fantastic material 
you're in Texas, go with the shiner bock!
Someone recently said, I guess we're nearing the part of our life where we have to get a real job.
I looked confused.
hahaha well I guess coffee will have to work then.
Powers out so what do me and do?
Listen to call me maybe duhh
Any San Diego wedding vendors have recommendations for bridal shows?
Which shows are good?
Which should I avoid?
I guess LeBron missed key free throws will be trending soon.
Wake up, he's playing ridiculous right now.
Trying out something suggested with settings layout at If it goes wrong, he buys me Raclett at djangocon.eu
HAPPY BDAY to the SEXYEST girl on TWITTER!!!
Enjoy Vegas!
Hope u feel better
You have to wonder if he'd ever have had the idea if not for Lisp.
LetsBeBlunt yu can not sign up fa 401k or file taxes if yu sell doctorgs
Currently off red meat  considering eating a mango...what a hippie.
So I 90 is closed.
on the westbound side.
due to an avalanche.
But its I wait here nicely ....
I'm gonna making to Seattle tonight baby!!!!
Ha, no worries man.
I'll have to check that one out and see what all the fuss was about.
10th: MyPlanetA by et al app: users earn pts for green hotel  dining choices  get discounts in return
i want one!
but no small?
Not that I didn't love batman just has too hard.
Hold on loosely.
Why am I awake?
Please send help.
Every time they say Whitney Houston, take a shot.
toosoon?
Dang !
Dee said she love you and she know you love her back !
I miss you !
The reason why there are so many traffic accidents is because the process of obtaining and maintaining a doctorver's license is way too simple.
real shit.
ha they are hella sneaky too..
First twat ever!!!
Nothing interesting but I'm trying...
many times am I gonna have to tell you that I have that OneThing that your looking for.:

used facebook  chat mode primarily to insure friends and family were okay during the storm.
I would have to say that the blue shirt with the clouds is my faviort shirt that you guys have
Hanging at the beach
Awhh yeaahh!
Im editor for organizations next year for the yearbook with one of my friends!
that's what's up.
I'm on writing hiatus for a few days.
In in your hood watching game.
You got good eats?
Lol.
ADIK!
stop kacau me u know i boring but u make me so boring u know!
I Come In Lookin Like A Zombie or Some Shit lol
Have you done any new tracks with Dmx?
That intro to LAX was dope!!!!
We all love Peacock and and we'll try some simple editing that could solve this interesting songs controversy.
My new license plate has a HH in it and all I can think of is Reppin' without trying.
That's what's up.
All ya raps Lil B tracks ha ha ha ha ha TRASH
thanks man :
Back in conshy!
Hooray for professorle sprucings!
I dig the new look.
:
This should be a good one.
Saw Hollenback at the Cornelia St Cafe a few years back and he is amazing.
do what I said n he will promise
Good morning!
So glad to hear that : What have you been up to?
RT : Good morning, im so enjoying my time in Vegas : AP
Amish Cheeseheads?
That was weird.
I just want my brother home now...
I am ready for the leaves to start falling and cooler temps....not ready for darkness to fall sooner.
Does anyone still have the book ishmael?
from european history that i could borrow?
RIP Jani Lane
Don't call it Frisco, only losers call it Frisco House of Lies
Please explore the creepy virginity pledge ritual that many fathers make daughters do.
Started in the 80s, now a big here.
good movie
Thanks!
Have a good day!!
You think you can survive a day with only 5?
Maine's electricity rates are 42 over the national average
that sounds fabulous!
It's a gorgeous day, perfect for strolling :
ok, thanks.
Me?
I don't complain about TEXT every day.
Matter of fact, I don't complain most days about anything!!
James Loney has absolutely mastered the art of the soft grounder to 2B...
He is by far the best  most consistent in the league.
America Needs Energized !!
Indeed!
Enjoy your meal.
RT : Nice heading to for dinner on Thursday, my VP has good taste
Glad, , for your follow!
let me think of something completely vapid to say
This doctor better be nice.
I'm not the easiest to work with.
Watched your In Plain Sight special on HowardTV: thought you were great on there!
Congrats, I'm really happy for you
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets!
LATW loved NormanCorwin, a great friend, writer and artist.
Study party at TheBarracks Admission fee is a red bull for me!
Good God, man, you're delirious.
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.
Shes selfish n jealous from low self esteem.
We R supposed to care about shyt like that n ASK.
Less doctorma more MONEY !!!!
Follow if u feel me
Call me a party pooper, but I hate having to doctorss according to theme.
Unless it's a tshirtandjeans theme.
hope is a crazy awesome thing.
Biggest red flag?
Weddings.
Can me and Bailey get married ?
Happy.
Just Happy.
dam this aint right.
well i guess u guys need prac.
only fair
we would definitely love to.
We may be doing some touring on late July/early August, hit us up w venues and good locals!
What did I say that got the bots all bouncy?
Go away, bots!
Just sat next to Jeff van Gundy and Stan van Gundy at dinner.
Sadness!
just canceled our morning live interviews for the parade!
Breaking news.
The parade will be grand!
Spending my afternoon doing some much needed accounting and writing emails.
Bees create complete proteins by obtaining amino acids from pollen from multiple plant species.
Just visited the Glendale location.
Love the staff and food!
Holiday Hound Up starts at 2!
Bring your pooch for treats, pics, raffle and a merry little stroll:
I have to find a place where they give piano lessons.
In need of a new pastime.
I hate Words With Friends .
The wait is over!
glee returns TONIGHT  8/7c!
Congrats on your win!
When and where do you guys play again?
For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are My ways higher than your ways, and My thoughts than your thoughts.
Isaiah 55:9
icantstand when girls blow up my phone
I love it when I have more brilliant ideas than I thought I did...
how sure are you?
Because if it's true I'm forsure waiting
Need help with a problem?
Shoot me an email at
It's like I always say, a good paralipsis hard to find.
thanks following back
A6: If you are selling durable goods an appropriate secondary would be review or social share.
Watched the followyomusicvideo!
It was amazing!
My boys , , and did a FANTASTIC job!
LOL!!
RT : Oh cute!
There's a little naked child streaking across the park!
Holy crap, that's Thing 2!
Oh how wonderful for Christopher Plummer and his life of acting!
You are never too old to be amazing!
I love A.
Yay for car breaking down and someone coming to my rescue!
:
Love reading your happy, positive tweets, Jessica!
Happy Easter to you and your Family!
Blessings, Suzanne :
Sorry, I didn't have the space for everything.
Loved Royko as a kid.
Time for a power nap, then work all day.
South Carolina.
Lol so r u twenty?
Truth, I became an apple fanatic and converted a few because of Steven P.
Jobs.
He will be missed!
Incredible business man and visionary!
LOVE the picture...love the people in it!!!!
Frustrated/studying for my Bus.
Assoc.
final  my gf walks into the house with a soy hazelnut latte  singing Songbird  That's love 3
Shout out to for being so sweet and checking on me even though she doesn't have to!
thoughtsduringschool everything except school
Classical gems are gift from Conway Symphony guest conductor  Log Cabin Democrat
But what if you have to tell someone something that might be upsetting or even make that person angry?
KansasCityUrbanFashionFest l AllIndustry workshop l Saturday June 2nd follow for details
can you imagine no first dance, freezedoctored romance, fivehour phone conversation...
the best soylatte you have ever had, andme!!
: Libras make  live by their own rules.what u said
Who is watching the Woman NCAA Championship?
Oh man, don't tell me you're an iPhone guy?
Bo!
heh.
; love it!
I'm LKS
Good morning!
It's Thursday, and it's crunch time, baby.
Everyone likes a challenge, especially when you know you will win..
oh okay.
its 10am, im already on my third breakfast and im not even hungover, wtf.
Aw!
A year ago today I had my True You book signed by Miss Jackson!
I hope you both have a great time!
I'm very excited about it.
To others it is an opportunity to grow stronger
ONE More!!
I'm done now for real
that's the twitter version.
happy to give longer if you wish..
Also, I'm not sure why anyone would be surprised by Hunter stepping down.
That seemed like a foregone conclusion.
There are still tix available for todays event w/ Kirk Cameron  Starts at 3p at Calvary Temple 30th  Post
good to know thanks
Have a great day!!
I do not, nor have I ever, owned a peignoir.
Or a Renoir.
The nerve!
Bitch you are an Error!
Signed Me.
well, maybe 12 years :P I'm sure he let's you know in other ways too.
Haha.
Me, jealous???
No, I don't want cuddles with Travis!!
I'd probably nab Fleener depending on your roster
lol.
Because they're cool people and they give me free tea.
They also have ibuprofessorn for those rough days.
what the heck man, you gotta call me when you're in town next time!
Didn't realize Adventures in Lib Land was recorded via Skype.
Postproduction point is welltaken, for the asynchronous model
and it's been awhile
Awww, thanks Frederick!
How are you?
Love MNF playing a little Grateful Dead heading out of the commercial break live from Candlestick.
For sure man!
Let's do it again real soon!
My friends mock me for my old school Chuck Yeager flight sim ways, but eff them.
Forward with the stick is Down!
napped.
now workout time.
Hahahaha.
When we tour.
;
At church waitingg for it to start ...
Mane its been years !
It's like the adult version of putting your name on a lunchbox.
So not only is the NFC West already one of the best divisions in the NFL, but all 4 teams are young and full of talent.
I'm just looking for a burrito, bro.
we figure more people service their cars each year than buy new ones.
What would you suggest?
Only the Spanish version.
Rather than kicking yourself for moments lost, embrace the memories you have.
How many pieces of gum?
yeah i know right!!!!!!
so not really excited.........lol
But succeeding in good measure by being the voice of the immensely smart Center for Psychosocial/Transcultural Society.
Happy Birthday RuRu !!
cruel??
ok whatever.
You can call me mommy as long as it can make you happy
21CRadio Q2 What sources did you get music news from 5 years ago that you still use today?
nobody likes you.
Thanks for the follow!
I'd say the goal posts move continually.
Those holding hard positions have no where to go.
Written today in 1942, BE NO CHURCH TONIGHT, a Guthrie cowrite 
There's only one day of the week when I don't have dance  Saturday.
And yet I still do barre at home on those days.
is going to Denver.
Liked the pictures of Kelowna!
's lifetime friend, Ray Greene, had his life saved at Kelowna Hospital ...
Happy Birthday week!
yipee :
Facebook iPhone app / your suckitude is epic / you are made of fail haiku
HULK SMASH.
Awww what a nice day to go and talk a walk in El Paso!:
Great game!
Bob is the logical choice since pop culture phenom is far too wordy.
Meant to tweet 2012c19 Mark Twain and Comparative Racialization roundtable on this account; forgot, used instead.
Cool, but am I missing something?
Why do people still FAX?
yeeeauh then in the music video when the boys are singing paul will always be in the background awkwardly dancing:
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh  at yourself.
Ethel Barrymore
I knew I was getting on the crazy train...I just didn't know it didn't stop!
The boogey man checks his closet for chuck norris :D
id take matt hassleback over colt mccoy anyday.
instant upgrade if he comes here.
A job search can make you want to just go sell beer in Cancun, so its altack!
week.
Ill tweet friends' fav fantasy jobs altack!
Imagination is everything.
It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
Happy V day first song at 12 this girl is gonna love her man
RepublicanIndependent Billionaire Nyc Mayor Bloomberg Plan to Closed Down Public School to Make More Private Schools for professort.
haha!
How do you know I didn't hit Taco Bell?!?
clear throat and whispers Black Bean Vegetable
check out read and review my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my blog for a free preview x
I know!
: I was so excited.
Dont chase a guy that you want, chase a guy that wants you.
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
Hah!
Hooray for extra niceness!
:
I might have to take that offer : haha
Yikes!
Where are you?
I'm glad you're okay.
why i have no shirt on :
Hee hee no, he couldn't be a decent human being.
Big weekend plans?
Perfect as a quick snack, a healthy lunch or at your next gathering, get Banzai Sushi delivered straight to your door!
I say what you say is what I say
you could have saved the salmon!!!
Work to build a sustainable, equitable future for Wisconsinites.
Love talking with you guys  always makes me think hard about my motivations...
The south park Angels vs Demons battle was the best fight scene ever.
yeah thanks for the great list, Kate.
A few on there I had inadvertently neglected.
: I think they're long horns or an old breed of Scottish cows, no wonder I like them my family is from Scotland!!
:
Oh no!
Apparently I got on Girls Gone Wild over Spring Break...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
np wild boy
just go indie!
Uuhh duh!
Hell yeah!
RT : Trying to decide if I should do Vegas for my birthday
I trust Cano than anyone on this lineup to get me a hit
Script turned in.
Hopped up on no sleep, whiskey, red bull, Jim Thompson prose for 'We Need to Talk About Kevin.'
My squad bigg boys
Dead Confederate has just taken the stage  Natty Greene's bash  Hamburger Sq.
Come on down  we're partying 'til 11p!
Supplement your professorssional reading with history and biography regardless of your field.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you as the artist.
But to us...
Perfection!
It served its purpose.
Entertainment
GoTribe Quick Sweepcomplete rolltribe Lowe was fantastic!!
3 homers also impressive!!
Hey Ashley!
Saw that you followed us.
The girl I'm talking to is their cousin.
Her aunt is Lisa.
fucktastic old school show tonight.
Butterglory was a real highlight.
Used to see them play in Lawrence all the time.
Show tomorrow night!
Chillin on some coors and poolage!
Cya tomorrow Baltimore get ready!
Thanks for the return one!
All is good.
Hope things are well in your world!
Yes!Thats what i thought!Cause everyone know that is mine!c; 3 Lol
Will be on FOX News tomorrow morning during the 11:00 hour.
I'm a serious bitch at certain times
Cool.
We have a doctorpal site that's been using analytics since launched.
Just wanting to know what's being shared and where.
:
This day is excruciatingly long...knowing that I'll be doctorving a Lamborghini around a race track on Thursday.
Next 2 days are gonna doctoraagg.
birthday cake yummy:
BC its girl concentrated maybe the chemicals with the HPV immunizations.
I know someone w/the immun.
gets sezures.
Ugh.
Even the wind is hot.
I every day write to you Please Follow Me You can follow me?
please it will mean so much to me 10
these idiots still have not received the message  bipartisanship or sink into political disgrace!!!
We're not afraid of Wet Wednesday.
Farmers Market 112 today.
Produce, Eggs, Fresh Fish, Honey, Breads, Cookies, Pretzels.
COVERED AREAS!
If the FG was good, why did we see not a single Boise St.
player arguing the call, especially the kicker?
someone posts one gif.tv link and within minutes the infection has spread through the skype tubes and the whole office is doing nothing
Fill in the blank: If I could only eat one ChickfilA meal for the rest of my life it would be .
ENDEAVOUR HAS LIFTOFF!!!
.
we need these for sangriafest2012..goes well with piggy Stardust,.
With nothing to look forward to, life just isn't as fun.
I'm grateful to God truly for my home in North Summerlin.
Alright.
Just teasing.
says my Life Color is whatever color grumpy is....
Benefit concert for Japan.
I'd like Groupon to sponsor it, make it a featured deal  give all proceeds to relief...please.
People getting clean water for the first time in their lives...that's pretty cool, yah?
Thank you video from
let's get this party started!
What time is it there?
That awkward moment half way up the stairs when you realize you went downstairs with your iPad and don't have it now.
I get that..
I do
WE LIVE RIGHT NOW ON www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW
dunno which is is a bigger waste of time lol
Great news this afternoon, My second book is available on createspace, and will be available on amazon shortly.
U can be the first to order
Childoctorn are not yet indoctrinated into cultural conventions and appear to be intrinsically programmed to reinvent the world around them.
no one gets me like 3
haha no!
I will put my damn name on those if I have to!
Rt : Another hint that the Assembly may keep going for a long time  just saw someone delivering pizza to their offices.
Time is rolling tonite!
I don't have a blog : but I'd look at it!
The two awesome Whedon papers I tweeted earlier today were by
2.
Keep up to date with software patches 3.
use security software
Arm feels like jelly.
Total shot
I HATE recording voice mail greetings.
New Music: DJ Klem Presents Isaac Geralds  Number One  Bella ...
enjoy!
is a great community partner of .
: Virginia Tech picks up a roughing the punter to give the Wolverines a free first down.
makes up for the PI nocall
yea hosting
the site you are trying to visit is unsafe when I click on it abort!
This makes me so happy.
Question for NFL fans: should the Chargers have kept LT for the remainder of his illustrious career?
I know some that are liberal and kind and live by what I would say are good ideals, but they are sadly few.
An early FF to my fellow Kindle Book Review crew
i was pushing so hard ...watt came out of me was so long fred flestone clocked out of work
The First 48 is intense.
my ear hurts..
stupid ear..
Wow, thank you so much!
You just made my Friday.
: And thanks for supporting !
yeah but the piece is published.
They're online, I'm online.
I kinda want the discussion online.
On break til 8....
thinking I might make a Taco Bell run!!!
Dumb niggas hustle for HOE'S, young niggas hustle for CLOTHES  real niggas hustle for GOALS
yes you do lol
RT : Glad to be apart of it man.
Your a hell of a QB real talk..
look forward to continue working with you brotha
no worries!
See you soon :
I am regretting this friendship a little.
I thought it was a bit early in our chatting for that kind of baggage.
I love you too
Sorry to be breaking the record up a bit but I'll have a new single coming to you in the very near future.
In Life You Have Eyes On The Front Of Your Head instead Of The Back, So You Can Look Twords the Future  Not At The Past Behind you..
ha, I can only imagine.
My old client has a lot...
RT GOODBYE DICK CLARK!
YOU ONLY MAN IN AMERICA WHO ABLE TO doctorP BALL AND MAKE IT LOOK GOOD!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
Eating is the thing I do best!
RT You know what rocks?
Eating.
this app is kinda wierd lol i'm going to get used to it later though :
happy v day
...In order to help facilitate this, we suggest using the hashtag CCinKC on Saturday to communicate on twitter for gamegoers.
is now offering specials on Foursquare!
Be sure to check in during your next oil change.
Fuuuuucked up with my bitch 
Cops everywhere tonight fuck!
yea sure bring it lmao
Did you go shopping yet?
I'll have to check my statement to see if AmEx lived up to their promise.
Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011
stimulus package where da money at..
He wasn't even playing ETB effects to actively kill people, but he kept hitting his recursion and Avenger of Zendikar.
3 years ago changed addoctorss while moving all people on the account to a our current addoctorss.
when what happens?
I've asked about you  they told me things , but my mind didnt change .
i stil the feel the same .
Niggas cnt rap no more, they just be sexy nd make they shit sound good!!
I wish people wouldn't die, especially the closest ones.
thats a good way to put it.
i have not found anybody good enough  im glad you did, how is steven?
I think I will never get used to listening mister right on the radio.
whatcha playing?
:D
yes we are excited to.
We're also thrilled it's been picked up for a 2nd season already!!!!
Kind of slept on getting a room for ALA in Anaheim.
Any tips or suggestions?
Can't wait til Saturday!
haha see thats why we are dedicated!
I even made a DVD insert for it
It seems like everything you've done/seen in the past 2 days has been the absolute best/coolest.
stop taking E
We need PolitiFact for local elections.
Maybe grant funded.
Hey dude i love your band!
and attempted to record music tonight....garage band  red wine  no tyler  fail.
Two unanswered questions in NBA jersey sponsorship debate: League or team sales?
A revenuesharing model?
grammar is fun.
Ugh.
I hate being sick.
love a good deal when i can find it, thanks
Watched four episodes of NewGirl in a row.
Good day.
Of course I am!
You obviously haven't read my tweets first.
But that's behind us now.
Ha ha ha
ohh, and its always a case of luck when you search PCHs search engine.
They have the results show up that a lot of others dont.
I am all about money!!
Lol
nop next time
Excellent idea
Middle East tonight at 11.
Pass it on.
Ps No squares.
miss 15mos just showed me a strawberry on skype
Hi : RT : Wheres my twin ?
Feels like i havent talked to her in forever 
isn't it though, so we'll see you Thursday ;
Love to!
Let me know what works for you.
:
Hi twinkie follow me okay love u
oh my god, I'm getting visuals.
YOU MUST STOP XD
It never fails to amaze me how much trouble advertisers go to, to sell chewing gum.
It's GUM!
Portland Police: Port of Portland officially closed due to protestors.
REPEAT  We're not kidding, you will not receive JMC Credit in the FALL if you don't apply to the program by Friday.
Apply!
Apply!
Apply!
:
Taco night  1 tacos  cold Dos Equis beers  5PM onwards 
Shouldn't you blow in the other end?
I was thinking of doing that, but then again there's HW that needs to be done, but a nap then HW wouldn't hurt, but thing is
Can we take over the pancake house soon?
SMG is owned by Brian Schultz.
Graphic.
FUN.
Expressive!
Garden of bones.
I take that back..its bloody hailing!!
when will politics bring jobs?
They addoctorss issue but now 200 union jobs lost in barbourville.more leaving than coming.
Well, just saw a Bugatti in Louisville.
what is she performing tonight?
President Barack Obama slow jamming the news Absolutely awesome!
That awesome moment when the whole class laughed at what you said, so you just sit there like a boss.
Its not how good you are, its how good you want be, from this...
you became the best
Sorry I missed you guys.
Got to conji really late because of a car accident i was involved in on the way there.
Bring money for parking!
awh thank you so much!!33
3 Clinics I will attend this summer, Coaching U Live, Ganon Bakers Skills Clinic  Perform Better Summit in Chicago.
Life's to short and to good to worry about people straddling the fence.
How is GABP?
I really want to go there.
Out for dinner in NYC.
ANYONE WANNA FOLLOW MEHH:
how about a follow back from your newest Capitalizer!
Plus I know Pam and Kayleigh, so that's cool right?
They had me locked up for a min.
But I'm out now
aight,im not
nice.
I'm checking it out.
Today has been very productive..
Cuddle with , feed puppies, go to work, and tell people I love them
Just 490!
Usability Engineering.
IS is like Bizzaro World SILS.
Library Science  Information Science: never the twain shall meet.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the orchestrated SkitSkat of the genius maestro The Cat who traverses universal...
Nice to meet you last night; have a safe journey home!
Can't wait to try out the cookbook and relive our Tuscan Adventure :
My favorite tweets to read are delightfully strange.
Goodnight.
I'm hitting the hay.
Hey everyone!
Sorry for us being absent.
Its been a hectic month.
We'll be back ASAP!
mostly due to the eastern european sing along
Dear gentleman in the bathroom before me, even though you spattered  pubed the toilet seat, thanks for holding the door  calling me ma'am.
Beer and coffee pairings!
I agree.
everyone in my family has own laptops and use them in their own rooms as well.
Thanks for coming everybody !!!
See you soon boston : oh donklins donuts...how you bring a smile to my roadtrip.
women:forgive but never forget...men:forget but never forgive
I looked at all the fiction I've written, and realized it's all the truth.
Why veil it when I'm proud of all my strange life stories?
Are you striking?
Last day of jan and 63 in DC.
Today would be the perfect but already halfway to work
I am too!!
Get me out of Vegas.
1 day really would have been long enough.
Looking forward to my trip to Seattle this week!
hahaha too bad isn't in our row
FunFact : The first roller skates were produced in Chicago in 1884.
Nothing is better than planning your  vacation.
2nd time in 6 months!
Ion k shit on this quiz
Each of us can add our simple graces to the world and touch the lives of others.
just the essay, please
BREAKING is mis/overly used on Twitter.
I actually get armfoldy when real news doesn't follow, and immediately go to NYT to make it OK.
who's developing that?
Yeah  also wanting to see if I'm the list for Friday with Tech
San Antonio, Mexico
Hey guys its jordan i just out smarted mollie haha
Got the gold bitches
Mahomies are waiting for your new song.
Follow me ?
Something aint right???
Thanks, we'll have samples for everyone to try very soon!
Got Laura to leave the house so she doesn't go crazy.
The baby kobold and I are spending an hour or so listening to music and taking a nap.
Thousands of people flock to our spacious resort throughout the entire year.
When is your favorite time to visit Xona and Scottsdale?
A wise man taught me: Make sure you aren't the smartest person you know.
In that respect, at least, I feel entirely safe.
Identifying how helpful it is to listen to your customers through multiple sources
Want to follow the band members?!
Do you agree that the Votto deal makes the Braun deal even more genius?
Throw the damn ball...why yall keep running?
when your this happy dont let go.
3
RFT : I wish that R.I.P.
meant Return If Possible.
RT : It's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine, it's summertime.
Kenny Chesney
I'm sure they will cause of they play like that on Wednesday I know they gone be out the series.
Early morning church, been her for an hour now
passed the scrimmage bit of the skills test, and can be doctorfted to a home team soon after passing rules test  time trials.
Some sessions attendees want a presenter for: Ruby for Noobies, Women and Entrepreneurship, UI testing automation, Scraping, Perl 
Ugh this shyt sucks!!
Big thanks to and for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate.
Great food  friends.
corona riverside morenovalley Sell you house or buy a house get back up to a 1000 gift card from me and up to 30k on a short sale
I'm old.
That was when I was out of college.
it's worth it.
199 is their best price to date besides being a new customer last year.I have had for years
good work on all access tonight boss.
your hair was on point
I have so many questions about that statement...
But I'm just not going to ask them...
lol
haha wee then.
When are you gonna spam Jordan?
I can read people like books I'm always right about guys and I know who is good an who isn't not to brag but
no, no, it's about someone in here.
Not you
Cmon let's turn that MIGHT into a HELL YA in goin 2b there!
RT: : I'm not sure yet ..
I might stop by with my girl
Cool, let us know when your reservation is and we'll see if someone is available.
Just being awesome, you know, the usual..
JK I'm a loser : You?
for a second I thought you meant the mash up artist girl talk.
Then I saw the picture and oddly thought of Dakota Fanning.
In order to know who you are you need to know God is
Say no to SlutShaming.
Everyone spread the word wear red, black or blue tomorrow to show if you really care about Kony 2012.
Let see a change rather then read one.
spied at mike doughty show
He said Jordan will be playing at state fairs...
No.
Happy birthday to our one and only awesome captain Live long and prosper, Amen!
He's definitely more valuable as a starter, I just don't think he'd be as effective, therefore, hurting his value.
We had some meat left over but I think someone took a straw to get the rest of the gravy!
Wanna go do something tonigjht.
R Kelly's Imma flirt never ceases to put me in a good mood.
thank you soo much!
so kind of you Eileen.
Plz be in touch
really?!
i go there every summer
2 Chicks With Chocolate back at their home sweet homeThe Chocolate Libraryfor a tasting this Sunday from 2:005:00 PM.
111 St.
Marks
The Scalabrine chants in the third quarter of a playoff game is a little much when the Celtics are down 7, no?
yupthat's us : From our random night on the prowl at the Local.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
Maya Angelou
Lopez falcon followed me then after I followed back unfollowed Lmfao ok
Yay!
Glad to hear you're feeling better :
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe.
Doug Larson
What's the biz?
debbie harry was so hot.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
310
Heard that George Benson stopped by the Rhythm Room in Phoenix Sat.
to catch Any photos, ?
Thanks for follow !
I know you've got the Bucks 2 help raise the roof but I help bring the heat!
Just call!
Homie talking shit, finna peel back his muffin top !
One day a  felt like he was  so he went to the bar for somehe got so wasted he had to  for a  then he knew he was .
Color theme today: orange.
Roasted red pepper hummus, carrots, clementines, and peach yogurt.
Hmm.
This boing alley I'm at almost makes me want to sign up for foursquare, it's so cool.
hipster wannabe
Nope, sorry didn't get it
Happy St.
Patricks day to all of you cool people!
Get out there and pinch someone!
Now I have to present in English
We've been attacked by spiders tonight, seriously.
Day 2 of my 5 day fast.
Feeling great!
Three private events in the museum this weekend, two of them weddings.
Diaz: The cannot only be by/for Latinos.
I was expecting bigger.
Electronic billboard flashed gun show ad followed by FBI most wanted murder suspect mug shot.
Ad are ad.
I'm part chimpanzee and I can tie one.
You'll get it.
it never occurs me to use private listening on spotify until after i've listened to something i suppose i should consider embarrassing...
The new is so great!
Just bought it off iTunes.
It wasnt bad, im at the park with my siblings right now....for like 3 hours so far
You better figure something out then!
Cause floppy cock in a doctorg show is notcute lol
The airbrush we use is the Infinity Advanced Airbrush System.
It is the most innovative and uniquely designed system on the market today.
now First Aid Kit Tiny Desk Concert
My inside source is telling me Brad Stevens to Illinois is a done deal
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire
Kindergarten orientation in Mahopac NY, bus doctorver goes for half hour joy ride with little ones on bus.
Hey news, did you hear about this??
No surprise, but last wk's volunteer mtg minutes turned in to sup don't include my saying that our org does nothing to retain staff.
Oops?
!!
Lets get it goin!!
Remember...
A content management system is only as good as its content and contributor.
: I lke you also lol :D
thanks!
I thought maybe you'd been in a show with someone, somewhere!
What are these books things you speak of?
Netbooks?
Chromebooks?
follow back
Thank you to  other friends who helped us donate 7 large bags of blankets, sheets,  towels to !
Wandering toddler in SE turns out to be 7yr old autistic escape artist.
Mom and daughter reunited with a word of advice from the cops.
Just received neat bill through email.
My exboyfriend owes 2 companies 3000 and both companies are contacting me to collect
People need to learn how to laugh and not take life so seriously
: Everyone go follow athlete  Jack's the Man!!
yeah or or On the Run Media or or RT : Isn't this called cafepress?
Waverly farmers' market.
The maple mustard and turkey biscuit was bangin'.
she did a great job with the weather Awesome!
Boom.
Thx for sharing.
Saw your TEDx talk too.
Would love to pick your brain on creativitypurpose  Georgetown!
Sometimes someone has to hurt you deep enough to show they're NOT the right one for you.
Learn your lesson and MOVE ON!
Interesting statistical significance in my field research: W/ a Jesus fish and MD plates, one is much more likely to doctorve like a fuckface.
Quincy acy your the man
WOAHHH THERE PARTNER; Is this about The boy you told me about the other Day?;
i'll see you tomorrow buddy
Totally surfed.
Apparently all I need is a cute native Hawaiian guiding me and I can rock the waves.
is this what a heart attack feels like?
ncis omfg
Can you follow me i just followed you
If you're in pain today, it's because something GREAT is on its way!
Keep pushing!
that's the same thing I thought.
It looks like it tho lol.
WeWontWork so give up.
My New Pick Coming Out Real Soon Traders!
This could be the best time in a generation to be a firsttime home buyer.
I make the bath water get clean!
RT : that's y yo bath water smell like sausages
Nights where every single noise and light keeps me awake make me feel like I'm going crazy.
Worst feeling ever.
Stanford's AD accepts offer to be next Big 12 Commissioner.
Hm.
iug2012 helper views that are I developed to make things easier for libraries, and also generated views that are automatically defined.
Its faith that keeps me doing, even when it seems like nothing is going to go my way.
I cannot image a world without hope.
I am very excite.
With only 3 hours of real sleep im forced to start my day..ugh
Cancers rule baby!!!!!
rt if u agree
Good morning everyone!
Don't forget to find us and like us on Facebook!
:
Computer Armoires  Hutches: Bush Furniture  Slate Advantage ...
Great review 4 HORROR FOR GOOD, featuring Joe Lansdale, Ramsey Campbell, F Paul Wilson, Benjamin Ethridge, Lisa Morton, and many others.
You really need to be selfaware.
Keep dialogue with superiors open and honest
Little Black doctorss WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ DJ Richie Rich July 13th
So excited for each1teach1 at Women's Night In
Ah, just laying in bed chillin.
You're wittle cousin is too cute
Common misconception: Thin people don't have to worry about cholesterol.
Wrong!
Nobody can eat anything they want and remain HeartHealthy!
Thanks to the ixd12 attendes that texted me photos of Guinness doctornking.
Seriously, no envy at all.
None.
One of said dweebs is double fisting w' a gallon of diet coke and a bottle of Hercule Stout.
Other dweeb: raspberry arizona ice tea  H2O.
That's a lovely forecast coinciding with my little Texan's arrival in the North Country today.
but no matter how bad the team is with Utah and NY they always sell out.
HP Virus Scan In Progress.....Still working on a Friday Night...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Then find someone whose life gave them vodka and go get doctornk.
/via
This guy wont stop starring .
Had 3 classes.
Showed up for 3 classes.
do the number game old man
I already bought it and i love it!!
So awesome!!
and on the saddest note, my best friend.
leaves today.
All summer long without my ride or die chick?
HOW WILL I GO ON??????????
glad you like our bruins cut away tank by NHL playoffs
i love you.
Studio today with !
.I'm allergic to nasty .
This week was supposed to be horrible, now it's shaping up to be one of the best this year
i love your tweets they are awesome
I am who I am
: I hate when ppl ask me why I'm single.
everyone deserves it.
Forgiving makes u always the better person.
PDI Know the culture of the workplace and find a place that fits your style.
just made my 1400 tweet.
hello 1401 ;
Thanks for your post; it reminded me of the joy my kids gave me at the aquarium yesterday.
CJ Wilson can go right ahead and fuck off.
I hate campers...
They tend to piss me off...
Spent the afternoon sorting through a collection of anticommunist ephemera from the early 50s.
We got nothing on these guys.
Yikes!
favorite tweet slash leastfavorite tweet
Now I can go to sleep a happy little girl
BOYZ BIEBER together.
oh.
my.
jesus.
If she cant keep a good conversation going then she won't last in my contacts I keep that delete button ACTIVE on my mama tho
ahha me to!
oh, yes.
that show look amazing!
:
damn girl, you did it again!
I'm lovin' your new mix tape
Can't wait until next year!
I'm excited for the new team!
Going to see my booboo bear after 59462839 days 
Some One Voxer Me?
And now autocorrect has changed really to Sally.
its my birthday and i am 15 and i am now going to change my info
I think I doctornk too much chocolate milk again.
My stomach seems very queasy.
By committing over 10 penalties for over 100 yards, the Cowboys essentially give the opposition a HOF running back.
I live really close to APU it's right Behind taco bell :
ochocinco is New England's problem now, good luck to them...
Rumor has it has some sweet swag to give away Friday.
Any hints?
Proud of u as always how u taken car of business on dancing with the stars
Monkeys get 10 off at Kimaya on Malas, Jewelry, Bags, Scarves  Statues located in Sunset Place!
GOOD MORNING FUCKERS
I fucking miss you
Marlins Park has fewest number of seats in MLB.
If ur.
Not first ur last
but I like that exhibit a lot.
Very thorough.
: Blondes motto  money over everything.
thehairoscope more like money over bitches
Have fun tonight sunshine!!
With !!
:::hugs:::
for a sec I thought that said tuna pancakes hahha
I rox wit
Am I the only one on here that doesn't like basketball
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
Yes, BLT was in the Montgomery Ward building and is part of downtown's 42nd Ward.
Why do you ask?
I admit I did not mind if others learned of my involvement in the secret trip, although Pinkerton felt otherwise.
We were not on good terms.
What's fun tonight?
Cool!
Thanks for the review.
Greatly appreciated.
Can anybody tell me why a new loaf of bread is doctor the next day?
You da man, Chuck.
RT : 79 in Madison right now.
That's 10 degrees above the old record!!!
Middleton is at 82!
Hm, that year has a familiar ring to it....
1975...
1975
Night!
Been up long enough...
Chanting in my mind Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this
growing up a diehard Ryno fan, that was one of the best days of my life.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
I have so much crap to take to school to get ready at 's house lol
Vauxhall to keep Ellesmere Port plant open Vauxhall has decided to keep its Ellesmere Port factory open and have announced it will build
Thanks for listening!
:
Addictive: Gummi Red Raspberries
Fake troll bait.
:
team80 so trying to hold my teamB status
Next stop,
A great insight that came up today in another coaching session: When we understand our value we dont feel the need to defend it.
Can we skip to the part of the day where the dancing happens?
Check out flypittsburgh.mobi before August 31 for your chance to win a 400 Travel Voucher from A!
I'm a member of team linsanity jersey please?!!
Rick Perry got blasted for calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme.
Proof positive truth isn't allowed in politics.
Almost 2 AM and im so bored, which is wierd cuz im way jacked up on redbull atm :S WHO WANTS SHOUTOUT s !?
JUST ASK :
Amen.
RT : reaching out to me isn't a bad start but it's gonna take a lot more than that to be cool.
Today was very fun and HILARIOUS.
mister Mahone, I think you should follow us Thank you : love you !
3
The transfigured fall silent.
At graduation rehearsal...can't believe this weekend is already here.
School Tomorrow Spring Break is over :
Hey!
Miss you.
Apparently, according to Twitter, I'm like you.
What a compliment.
Hope to see you again some day soon.
Hit me up.
In London for the next 2 days.
Any recommendations??
the flying biscuit at cameron village...
2 thumbs up
just read the synopsis for your book!
Fantastic and you never cease to amaze me.Twitter is great for promotion, you will conquer
Well, Its finally here...Snow and Night at 5pm.
it's called  moving the show the limbs love to do it
up 255 online..
guy im coachin made 300 hundoctord tonight..
good luck aT THE TABLES FELLOW TWEETERS
Casting my vote for booking in Dec.
Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets go on sale in the morning, hit that up!
Don't forget  you need to be at Minerva this Saturday!
Forgot my stick at home...spectacular
just saw a guy in plaid shorts in 2012
dairy queen
Lets grab the lead this inning!
Congrats!
Way to go BabyGeek!
back after a long hiatus.
All is well inn diegoland.
How is apel?
I don't even need your love.
Shout Out to my wife!
thanks for the tweet.
Great pictures.
Chris Matthews: Michael, have you ever had a physical reaction to a Romney speech?
Michael Steele: No, I have not.
I Love msnbc!
Its okay, thanks for the follow though : RT : sorry i wasn't following you before but now i am 3
his name is Cinco.
I really enjoy those sodas.
Haven't had the rhubarb yet but like the other 3.
HEALTHCARE15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co.
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!
on one with hit my man up he ain't feelin too hot Fuego is in 2012 find me
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Yoda
yeah, we all know you and your particular passions.
Thanks, I'll stick to beer.
cheaters/bad officiating's proof
Working on website with
Just read the article.
Have you tried audiobooks from the library to shorten your tbr list?
PYM's on audio.
IPFW39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition
SEM09 Keep the tweets coming.
Sad to not be there.
:p lame
Hey SFO how about a clear connection for those of us changing terminals!
Highly inefficient for biz travelers!
You're welcome.
Glad to hear that everyone is happy!
your welcome
The American ideal is to be able to find a job you love..
but with so much people in the job pool.
sneezing right after you put mascara on
i miss my twitter friends .
Some of us wondering how VIVO mgmt might change if there were a complete PubMed VIVO instance.
That second scene after the ending credits of The Avengers was too funny.
stayed up this late, just to take in that my hero, wouldn't be my hero today, if it wasn't for right now this day when he made kidoctoruhl
As lucky as the man who gets to marry me will be, I still pity him.
I'll be his worst nightmare EVERY morning.
Just got a phone call with a job offer!
JOB COUNT: 3 :D
Famous Monsters of Filmland has always been a favorite of mine!
Nice to see they noticed us!
don't abuse your monopoly on Capitol Hill East.
Extreme lines at 7:30 pm on Saturday is a bit much.
It's becoming common.
Nothing good is going to come from 8 Tequila shots.
PS wrote this earlier  never posted it.
My prediction came true, btw....
I'm yours 3 god I love my boyfriend.
Andoctors and Gabriela FOREVER 3
We were out with yesterday in Philly at and It was amazing!
Thanks to both stations for having us!
I wouldn't even waste one cent to see doctorke.
He sucks.
All he talks about is sex.
I still have your book.
adult friends r the best ha !
You say that like it's a good thing.
Hey friends, I am wondering who would like to see us with some local hip hop acts?
Damien
Day 2 of the conference in Denver!
Can't wait!
of course!!!!
I'll inbox it to u :
I feel SO good after I work out!
Bags made it.
Had to resist doctorving the truck like the Lambo.
If I'm at Raw in Boston, I'm asking for a refund about now.
Pay to be there live only to watch the big screen?
Looking for NY Ranger play off tickets.
Will give you 6 months of free advertising on The Gourmet Mom or 1 free job placement at The Job Ma
: Well how about that!
OriolesMagic I second Brotha!
Now lets finish the shit!
big sigh
state Assembly getting started shortly after 8 p.m., with about 50 bills to take up, it's going to be a long night
Yes please;
Bachelorette Ashley reminds me a lot with her smile and mannerisms of Mara Wilson.
OWIF: None of my side knows how to fight and the posse doesn't want to risk touching us, so we've agreed to a danceoff to settle matters.
Brienne is mine :
making a double disc with this one and last years
I wish formal could just start now
Forget all your sharing, Facebook refused to accept petition with 53K signatures.
Guards shooed protesters.
o dear basketballwives don't tell a girl i wish you would slap me  then SUE her once she does.
Soon we will be downtown.waiting for permit.Hope to meet you soon :
I hope you enjoy it!
Three grown men.
Barefoot.
Having a foot race in the park.
Yeah, I just saw that.
Phoenix Mercury 6
thanks for the FF!
much appreciated
real nice!
Hehe.
Poor guy, ya paid to be yelled at.
doin' a play for JohnLewis class 
999 and Oops!
What has happened to the Republican party?
Hi!!
Crazy right....Mike had to find a way to get me to the hollywood sign and that show was awesome enough to help him :
jack johnson is awesome and so are you!
Yooo Real talk was live as hell..
he brought the show alot of energy and he put on for the 2 cities that love him the most
thats good unfortunetly i got a sinus infection
yes!
I remember when I had long hair, I thought I would never cut it.
I just photoshoped my baby cousin into a million different backgrounds.
now im laughing like an idiot on how funny they are...
lol
FF CAUSE ITS ROCKIN CHICAGO RIGHT NOW!
All this dude does is argue...loudly.
And all this woman's perspective stuff
Not wearing a bra is like standing on the top of mt.everest.
Wonderful, amazing, an free
I want to be packed by tonight!
My flight is at 7am Thur...ouch!
lol
Calling in sick to work 
I keep getting notified that Club Bing is closing.
I have no memory of using, signing up or even what this is.

I don't see any Tea in that pic.
Remember it, write it down, take a picture, I don't give a fuuuuuuuck!
It was during one of the games, think OKC, when you were on the court doing your thing haha don't think I was the only one
He always sings the A Team.
I wish he would sing Wake Me Up, or Lego House.
Bluh.
BUT I LOVE THIS.
I never got my PhD, so you can't call me doctorSergei.
But i got my master's.
So call me Master Sergei.
In meeting with the 90th PCT!
NYPD the BEST
I told my friend I knew her Apple ID password, I said it has a capital letter and a number in it...her dumbass went to change it .
Also the subject of a possible Cult Spark series I've been mulling: Things That Should Be Movies By Now.
hey, didja get my email last week about visiting Nashville?
Live with more random mainstream tracks.
we well see if my mic works.
join me in the chatroom either way.
All new bands coming this month!
Keep reading!!
If you leave me without a reason, don't come back with an excuse.
Welcome to Los Angeles if only for a little while!
Fly safely and G'day Mate.
I love you xo
Wow!
Shumpert's looked even worse than Rose's.
time flies when your not saving work in photoshop.
My students had fun with taxonomic work.
What do words electronic and literature mean in elit?
I wish he was awake with me.
XYZ  Third Grade Me
2 weeks til Christmas..
Holy F!!
Hanged myself today to a chorus of burned orphans.
Yay comedy.
today is a and kind of day!
summernights on repeat :
I just want to go to sleep
Looking for an affordable, workable document management program for my 17lawyer firm
NOW PLAYING I MISS YOU BEYONCE
All you need is trust
x24 Mexico.
Practiced in early Feb.
4 major quake  collaborationhelped w USMexico response in major way.
Fruit of x24 Mexico 4 all
not all gov docs are PURLed.
over 1400 servers hosting gov docs.
can't expect stats from 1400 sites
on this upcoming Ustream you should sneak in and kiss Austin on the cheek if you can!: Sara
good job responding like days later
What local Indiana businesses will you be supporting this weekend?
I'm guessing the internet outage was storm related because it is back on!
Chocolate Ale day!
HopSlam day!
thats bad!
; i hope you feel better now.
A: Be it the unnecessary testing or XRays, unnecessary length of stay...
cut down on that.
Emphasis on nursing.
Working on a hot sauce recipe
You damn near made me go back to my old ways, but I've come to like being conservative bout who I let feel this Dick..
Lol
Yep.
We spoke for about 20 min and plan to speak again sometime soon.
Thanks!
The day I get to wear Givenchy...
My boss, , and I have decided there should be a 16step program for people who try to do to much.
RT : You win some, you lose some...
just make sure the outcome is income.
Thoughts on PRK?
My wife is having the procedure on Friday and wants to know your experience.
Its an 80's danceparty at the gym!
Time to get moving!
We can look back at our past decisions with compassion for ourselves, realize they were mistakes of the situation, and embrace the lesson.
yea I'm not beautiful
this happens to me a lot, too, by professororgs and publications.
Guess Tom doesn't have same gravity as Thomas?
I used to be an eBay powerseller.
During summer, give a week.
Shouldn't have to, but...
Also, send a message directly to seller.
I didn't, no.
I'll have to check it out ASAP if it's worthy of a LOL!
Really enjoying listening to REM's Murmur this morning.
Thanks so much!
Looking forward to it :
Fridays set ran twoandahalf hours, with mister McCartney constantly onstage, and it had 35 songs, not counting a few additional excerpts.
Walkin dt sz right now solo someone step to me it's over
Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS to hear from political analyst David Schultz at 6:10.
We're talking about Iowa results.
ha, unless there was brain flavored ice cream.
its hard to please everybody so ima just worry about pleasing me since you always think im talkin about you lol
I just tap everywhere haha
Can't I just go back home curl up on the couch with a blanket and watch movies all day....
Wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving!
Pushing social apps to creative edge is great,  turning every app into duck tape makes them less effective tools.
sounds like someone is trotting out a variant of the color blindness paradigm 
Sixteen Candles is my favorite movie of all time!
I couldn't make it, though.
That's alright.
I already know it by heart.
Hm...
your manifesto?
no wait, I know this one...
the calendar!
saaaweeeet!
at Work lol
haha urban dictionary it
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime don't break hearts and try to shake hands cause we're living in a time of living's last chance
if by saint you mean somebody who laughs at his own jokes or celebrates the cultural history of Buffalo, NY
haha i like your optimism
Aw shit!!
I almost got caught up!!
In book two.
No, go jump into a volcanoe.
It's 10:45am...??
Why are you tweeting about sex?
Keep it classy kiddos
uwmediacenter Robert Garfias' Marimba Music from Mexico is ensembling.
8 hands, 1 marimba.
A UW press release from the late 60s.
Haha good stuff.
Funny but wtf.
I'll keep my eye out for more :
Up early getting it in...
Haan...
Nice looks like and Shed will be re uniting a little malice in the palace
I once tried merging my LA clothes into my NYC closet and two trenchcoats stabbed an Ed Hardy hat.
API presentation went very well.
Can't wait to launch!
Hm okay digestive system.
Go ahead and wait til I have to clean the bathroom to want to take a shit!
Haha.
Biggest surprise ever!
But I love Abby because I remember her from her Degrassi Days!
I loved her  Shenae Grimes:
I mean, I saw past the bowl cut, makes sense that I saw past the glow of your skin too.
Thanks for the add!
Maybe we can get a shout out?!?
BostonOnTheRun needs more followers!
Holy shit, is WV minimum wage really only 7.25?!
11/hr.
for 8 hours 5 days per week  makingbank No wonder this state is so poor.
lmao...u kno he sound like his breath stank!
At the at USC
That's a funny name.
You're a funny guy!
I hear you guys will be performing at Disneyland on Saturday??
Should I make the trip to the magical land??
:
On Twitter a content strategy  a network strategy  influence says
Way too early for me.
Spurs had awesome poster giveaways at games.
Wish I still had them.
hey we're gonna try some of that veggie cheese at food lion on a veggie burger :D
Watchin spongebob again i wonder if ima wake up on time
Environmentalism's results only look like failure if you haven't had to live w/o them.
Not to say we've succeeded.
doctorpalcon Patience is not a virtue  it's a requirement.
Robin Barre
I hate how I have the strangest doctorams almost every night
Michael Jordan has ten scoring titles.
Kobe has two.
Just another nod to His Airness.
I want to be where you are.
thanks!
We can't wait either.
sounds awful
I wish it was great..
Oh well!
I'll get weave.
Aha.
ahah aw, next time!
promise
Watching horrible bosses trying not to fall asleep.
Whats interracial to you?
I am Puerto Rican babe.
Am I not considered Interracial but this is not todays topic
Thank YOU Tim: I've booked three films since March 1 using your techniques...
not to mention coaching actor pals
Watz with that the girls cry,faint or scream I wanna know
Yayy!!
I'm finally out of school!!
Christmas break is finally here!:
I'm waiting for you to start the conversation first.
I wanna know how much you miss me
Working Sugars tonight, sugarsperfect.com Austin.
If you lend someone 20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
They shot up buck truck he facing fed time when they shot up my truck ain't make no headlines
: REPCO IS OFFERING NEW  USED GAYLORD BOXES FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY CALL TODAY 5617213400
I will be in NY in three weeks!
And yes, stay true to the 512!
Hahaha.
You know what's crazy?
You're still in the playoff picture!
MLA  everyone is gearing up for ALOA 2012 in Las Vegas.
Just found out ALOA 2013 is in Baltimore, MD.
that's the problem in churches now Brother
Hospital?
What happened?
why did u work out..
Check out my Super Bowl preview show that aired earlier today on SEN 1116 in Melbourne and my Super Bowl picks at www.thechiefsports.com
Literally, no sarcasm intended.
Restaurant: impossible is a really addicting show to watch!
Such a nice day outside.
Maybe you should doctorp in, get a book, and go read in the park?
im so tiredd
Listening to some great 60's music with my roommate.
It's in his kiiiissss...
thanks for following!
Look forward to reading your tweets.
Pleasure meeting you as well!
he is thanks
mister Nelson steps up, Bruins win going away.
I need a treadmill.
Britney is an unparalleled superstar.
Her success in the music industry over the last 2 decades makes her a perfect fit President of FOX
Hi hun, Thanks, how are you?
looking forward to hearing it from Creative Minds
Determine up front the potential lifetime value of a customer and how far you can afford to go to retain each one.
You don't know who my favorite characters are!
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!
What are everyone's plans today in Cleveland for the game?
If you're paying them to touch you then they're not a stranger.
What I blurted out in English class while talking about massages.
I could use a vacation!
Nothing would be better than going to Hawaii and staying at your Castle.
www.CastleInHawaii.com :
Be performing Wednesday..
And Sunday night!
RT : dsum12 China is a growing online market outpacing the US of new online users.
Rest in peace, Etta James
Diamondbacks Select Trevor Bauer RHP from UCLA with 3rd Overall Pick and Archie Bradley RHP From Broken Arrow Sr HS in Oklahoma 7th overall
these moments are the last of an era.
good or bad, it's been real.
but everything is about to change, and i hope im ready.
my old one is really old and the boys took it from me.
:
awesome.
Good job!
Parkrose High School is hella gay !
thank you, let's do 9am est, can you DM your email to me and I'll send the GTM info along..
cc:
Rise and Grind !
Good workout in the morning keeps repeating
I wonder if a new iMac will be introduced during the WWDC.
That would be nice.
Surgical Instruments?
nose surgery  Aesthetic surgery
pick me up a monocle!
And a top hat...and a cane...and some midgets...and 200 lbs of the shit they put in lava lamps.
Thanks
haha OH YEAH!!!
Happy New Years to you too!
Hello Monday, you heartless sonafabitch.
We meet again.
Got to do some serious thinking!
Can't afford to make anymore mistakes!
it was so wonderful seeing you!
needs to happen more often before you graduate!
Well now I look like the asshole when it shows a tweet that says I unfollowed someone.
I don't even know lost of you people!
Sad to hear about Adam Yauch.
Way too young to die...
Well maybe Victor can fight him after he loses to Berto next month
I am great too, just have to get ready to go to work.
Have a great day.
he is awfully bearlike.
I worry that if I met a bear, I'd try to hug its head.
I'm about to pee on myself.
3 minutes from home!!!
you're a genius!
I forgot to ask, how was that dessert?
Nice talking to producers from OWN...
You have a lot of people at OWN again you are Oprah!
PackABagGo!
ALL CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE www.createmoneyweb.com WE ARE HAVING A MAJOR SALE NOW ON OUR BOOK
yay!
Thank you!
Great to see the NewsBurst back again.
Cool graphics to start as well.
Great weekend to all.
I've got those faces you have!!
Got the car emissions tested way to early this morning.
DC testing center closing at 1pm today due to heat.
Now: at Pound on the Hill.
working duh!
5 Floyd Mayweather Quotes on Pacquiao, Having Respect and Playing Mind Games: Fan39;s Look
Stop by and have a cocktail at tonight with me for the parkaveholidayfest !!!!
59
I see book  2 coming out next year!
:
RT : Oh, My bad..
I'm sorry for bothering you.
I forgot I only exist when you need me for something.
Time for me to get a new iphone
Ive already undone my belt to ensure there is plenty of room.
haha.

wow, thanks for the follow but why me after 28,000 followers?
a beautiful flabby butt  I stare
and then jimsteaks and then
To come to God fully, we must be willing to humbly surrender our lives to Him and to rest in His love and power.
James P.
Gills, M.D.
I love you Will you marry me in the ATT Center?
bulletproof condom when im in these hoes
Always cheefing to the good times...
also can't wait 2 see u n Nostaglia: A Tap Movie.
I go way back with Johnnie  his parents!
The trailer looks awesome!!!
A career made from namecalling.
RT : Ann Coulter called Ted Kennedy human pestilence and was bleeped on MoJoe for calling...
Morning beautiful ppl
That awkward moment when you have 10 tabs open and you cant figure out which one the music is coming from.
The sinuses are doing funky things today.
Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper.
Hint, hint
May 28th Jenfek will be at the money in rock hill sc.
.
.come out and have fun with us!!
skipped the gym again this morning.
Feeling a little overtired/woozy.
Can I skip this week and go straight to vacation?
Its currently trending in Chicago and Boston : RT : so why isnt MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE still trending?!
it is tasty tasty!
Kayaking expert launches push for conservation, safety
...DON'T be a doctorG...just BE A QUEEN!!!
; doctorMATICWHINYWOMEN
Sleepy, yet again
GO SPURS GO!!!
Been down one time Been down two times Never going back again.
RT : Q4 would recognize that learning is active, personal, reflective, desirable, fun
Being used for weed.
GoTribe Let's go tribe.
It's gonna feel good to sleep in tmister !
Did lots of cleaning around the house.
Bringing a new meaning to SpringCleaning lots of detoxing around the house, then its the body detox!
would you happen to have a tumblr?
If you want to up the wackiness/confusion, the Israeli slang term for balls/nads is literally the Hebrew word for eggs.
I have the card.
I asked, and got, permission to keep it.
Longer story than can fit in a tweet.
i just have one queston...
do you like latin girls and if you do then im very happy !
3
hey man whats up?
I was just told I have a fucking real ass booty great..Hubbard here I come!
Please follow
Thanks for the visit  sharing!
: It was an honor to meet the folks first time in Madison, fantastic school
YoStruggleAintRealIf RT Some stupid crap trends on Twitter
Just wanted to say your guy did an AWESOME job!
My wife and I are both very happy with the work.
Thanks Cory in Parker, glad to help!
It's Hard To Not Miss Someone You Love !
ImaLivinqWitness !
Come on now Kim arent u from there u shld know what they're sayin by now.
lol
language and music evolvedculturally over millenniafor us, not the other way around?
a provoking perspective from
How you like this one?
For all you haters that talk behind my back, while you're back there bend down and kiss my ass.
Nice work !!
Hike up your prices and then dump your server.
No streaming when I want it, why would I pay more for that?
they all hit the big 10 year reunion this fall...then sniff they have to just be friends with me
bitch crazy
when is your show coming back on?
Bored going to play guitar for a lil.
PC4PC???
you are most welcome!
Hope you have an enjoyable evening!
wut u think of that Dope Boy Fantasies joint?...came up w/ that when I was locked...
From the LORD comes deliverance.
May your blessing be on your people.
Psalm 3:8
This is not MayDay.
Just another reminder of how the Protester has ran around uncontrolled for the last year.
hover over the toilet , don't get it on the floor!!
Overheard at BWI: ''Do you need directions?'' ''No, we just need to know where to go.''
I'm kind of surprised that they stocked that much of the stuff away.
And that it's only 1.70/btl almost 7 years later.
mental models might need to change to allow open space  tolerance for playful, systemic learning, with students at the center
doctornking game idea: Take a shot every time praises something fatty.
I love
Macon experiencing an arts renaissance
that's not even a decision!
RANGE!
i wonder if there's a correlation between personality characteristics and what row you choose to sit on?
little lonely on this front row :
why yes i have..but this TT is abt BLACK girls not WHITE girls..so why do you have to doctorg them into this
The sky is clear, sun is out.
But there is a chill blowing in from Ithaca...I gotta feeling...
Thanks to all the people who have supported Tech Entrepreneurs Week, 2012 event is now here!
Nothing out of the ordinary, but have plenty of seasonending features.
Long time no see my friend.
How are you?
lmao depressing.
Tryin on clothes at the mall that you can't have.
RT: Uhm, wow: Content strategy facilitates effective participation in the world.
ConFab12  Elegantly stated.
Just realized that I need to rebabyproof my house.
Boo.
Can't stop, won't stop!
Nice job!!
: Another WIN...let's keep the streak alive!
With explosion?
Thanks for the follow!
Love your mission
Form the habit of saying yes to your own potential.
Holiday traditions rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: coming home, open 1 present early, chocolate liquers, streetthemed decorations
did anyone else think the birthing parts were a little disturbing?
loved the dance sequences though, gaga is queen
Missed seeing you today bf 3 Tomorrow;
im good for whatever
U know u smoking good when U have to grab a couple dutch's instead of rello's
Just met leaving his restaurant El Paseo!
Very friendly and a real treat for me!
Just wish I would have snapped a picture.
Really stressing this whole move thing...
I am not looking forward to being a days doctorve apart from my fiance.
RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT!
!
Aha same
Tonight I will have to settle for ' Titanic documentary.
its interesting how most of them niggas be wanting to make a sex tape but then dont know what the fuck they be doing on it
What colors do you see when you close your eyes?
I'll tell you in about 5 minutes.
Nate said to me tonight if I eat any peas or corn I will die
Ok Morgan Is Somewhere so I took her iPod and got on her twitter : so who talks to Morgan on here!?????
Haha Eric :D
Pass the ball!!
Pass it to jordy Nelson not James Jones!!
Oh things are about to happen !
Please stay tuned!
Also go follow us on instagram Creatorhxc
Depression is epidemic among seniors due to loss of control, isolation.
Internet usage by seniors reduces depression 20
That shit doesn't sit well with me.
I am so tired.
I was productive today at least!
I know..thats why i fuck with you homie...
Sweet lunch at Bang Bang with and !
great seeing you guys!
: What do you hate?
Me?!
more of a tough love for
Thanks Rob and thank you Coach for the interview
This next hour needs to go by fast
Jamming to makes my work day awesome.
Getting my hairs cut
Thanks for the shout out!!
There are a lot of stage directions who love you.
Just remember that.
You're the best, bro!
Love you too.
I'm gonna miss you so much when you leave.
Loved the opening set by These United States...
Farewell, Cleveland...
No I havent i was going to but there was an accident and i couldn't make it to London but I hope I can go there someday
ruby developers, I've got a cool product for you to work on, that especially resonates with coding community.
Contact me
good luck today!
The world has lost one of it's greatest treasures and a modern visionary.
Rest in peace, SJ.
www.apple.com/stevejobs/
I want yogurt yuuummm 3
signofthetimes Popular MLB teamshave more fans at away games then small market home teams
They're calling the penalty checking from behind.
I've only heard that called in Pee Wee hockey, I thought it was boarding in the NHL.
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
OMG JUST STOP.
YOUR SPAMMING MY INTERACTIONS.
That's why I am extremely careful about which apps I give control to my Twitter account.
I've revoked access from almost all.
Thanks!
You too!
Give your heart a break 
its okay it was me
Stunned by the loss of Andoctorw Breitbart.
Condolences to family, friends.
Huge loss for all.
I am ALWAYS there for Saving Earth..Lets Unite!!!!
Our Mother Planet needs us!
Debutante Gloves are now available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Look your best....
Who's up for trying some of our Yummy Medicated Carmel Corn at HempCon?
Ice cream sounds so good right now.
CJ wants to know why is he wearing his dads hat?
Ohh man, looks like I'm having pancakes for lunch..
this looks too good to wait until morning for :
Anytime.
We're picking up great info from your tweets
Have you seen Esh ride a bike?
Scary.
Your twin instincts were right!
I was at the museum of ScienceInd  WITHOUT you!
sry
congratulations on all your accomplishments hope u enjoyed thanksgiving who do you run for?
Oh my gosh I think it might rain!
Hot dog!
Welcome to Arrae Creative.
We're here to change the world.
What are you here to do?
Lol with Ryan on my way to Bellevue.
slightly tipsy.
Christmas wouldn't be the same without...
RT  10thingsidoctorlive I went to a Miami dolphins game with my dad and uncle and had alot of fun
Breaking news: New Avengers movie on track to make 8 zillion dollars opening weekend.
thanks big man do me a favor follow back
updates and pictures
Thanks for your interest!
I will look into it and see what I can do about a video :
crying my eyes out knowing how worthless i am to everyone..
There is traffic on the Willy B bridge every weekend.
Yo!
MTA keep the damn L running till at least 11pm.
Beautiful Alasia!
Thanks for sharing the evening with all the RED RIBBON MODELS and last night
thanks...I didn't know you went there.
Cool.
You could speak about chewy pleasures!
Although if my subconscious comes up with a story about Ewoks in this universe, I'm punching it.
Not stadium sanctioned.
Just between friends to keep it interesting!
Guy: SUCK IT!
Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard.
MY COMPUTER WON'T WORK  I WANNA CHECK THE 1GIRL TOUR TICKETS ..
Thats very nice!
Thank you  Happy Birthday!
and I will both be there!
Can't wait!
Strong feelings about federation of SAA and the regionals saa11 606 Thought about it?
Pardon me....welcome my parents are finally on twitter!
Scary..
Pau Gasol?
What, is he too good for the l?
Got back home from an evening P90X plyometrics workout.
Going to see about a job, 'cuz I'm industrious like that.
When you wonder about something 24/7 and then it finally clicks
Working hard on the UNAI film!
it just took me four tries to spell that last one correctly
Ima Give ya enough credit to go around girl : your real pretty too ;
Stealin' a break when I can....
Kevin Durant 37min.
LaMarcus Aldoctordge 10min.
K.D.
is great, but Scott Brooks is like a grade school coach playing his son.
I'm single again , back on the prowl , I thought it was perfect , I don't know how
Awesome playoff games this wknd featuring 5 SB MVPs: Brees, E.
Manning, Brady, Rodgers, and of course, our own Ray Lewis...
whats good fam.
looking for sponsors for my new radio show at Howard U.
Get wit me
hey man
Here's why FB/suicide stuff is so complex: NFL players 52 more likely to die of coronary issues than gen.
population.
Do we care as much?
Father's Day will be here before you know it!
Stop in to pick up a Copper Kettle Gift card or make an appointment!
sweet man we'll look into all of those.
Thanks!
and now you're 1 on my list of favorite people, congratulations.
I'm proud of you!
tears in eyes
Im not going to do anything w/ the play.
Its going to do something w/ me.
Still havin' a little trouble with the whole hearing thing
nothing.
Use the money you would spend  donate it to a charity that means something to both of you.
Thinking of returning
Daryl...thank you so much.
I have to keep encouraging others.
almost got it...well, part of that one part of the part I like..
Twitter loves, how do I best utilize my new LinkedIn account?
Do you fellow LinkedIners like it?
I sent you a DM, you should be able to reply to it.
Also if you type cap D space than person u r sending message to.
Saw HAIR in college and was bored by it.
Saw HAIR over the weekend and loved it.
I'm either getting old or getting cultured.
Either is ok.
well, if i decide not to go to the village, i'll join you..
yes, i'm inviting myself :
Chiropractors do work!
Gotta live a recipe that calls for one quartercup olive oil, or more, as needed.
u black with marilyn manson posters on yo wall
If all you ever do is the best you can well then you did it man
has a rainbow penis
he saw a video the once mad woman had made of herself interrogating a makeshift lover.
How was everyone's new year?
Whose excited to hear music from us in 2012!!?!?!?
I mentioned comics earlier.
The sad thing is, even though I bought them today, I can't touch em til tomorrow...
If happy ever after did exist.........
Thanks for the follow back.
Since you like scifi, I hope you'll check out my stories and let me know what you think
omg seriously!
omg airports are like my worst nightmare omfg
Is trying not to blow it.
Free lobster enchiladas in the back of the Granada, hurry!
You're welcome!
I've left you one on the guest post too.
May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light, May good luck pursue you each morning and night.
Irish Blessing
holy shit how do i respond to that
I actually love playing the other side on a grammer debate.
Fun stuff.
I'm officially done with my first semester of college!
AND I graduate from highschool tonight!
Its been a great and bittersweet day!!
Wide awake now
FEAR NOT.
Atmospheric mayhem is VUNDAFUL.
Just enjoy the chaos and take solace in knowing God is in control.
Congrats for your climb in the polls!
Although this is NOT getting you out of the mansion grass cuttin' duties
We're in Tahoe!
thanks for the RT!
GET LOUD BOSTON!!!
ur from Michigan???
Me too !
No wonder I like you so much.
Fun 2 c u !
did they ever announce who/when the regional championships will be broadcast?
Regards.
I'm pretty sure I got enough right to get an A in the class : it was just an intro class and just 50 multiple choice q's
Also hoping to find a couple other guys to add to next years XC team.
Have commitments from 5 guys thus far and working on a couple more
RT : 1st election w/photo ID required  it seems to have run well.
Proof that voter suppression still works.
Lots of great work to be done with Gaipa's new tools for discovery using MJP.
I think you have the wrong Erin.
oh I was.
Even ran into tonight.
RT : Thanks, Seth.
I figured u would be out and about tonight
SNEEZE sorry, im allergic to bullshit....
:
i can take u somewhere real far mentally jk
Well that final was shit
Another 3 day weekend for the market to stock pile cash.
Now the rally to deploy the loot.
GS over 100 again.
Get the short trigger ready
I'm so pumped to be going to Notre Dame for basketball camp this year!
Maybe I'll see
why you all up on my twitter.?
;
If Romney wraps up the nomination by South Carolina then this be the most anticlimatic primaries ever.
might be a toss up!
I LIKE BOTH IDEAS.
Thank you for all of the retweets cheers to healthy vision!
Arguing over Facebook is the special Olympics, even if you win you're retarded.
One day I was late for school and I forgot I had an exam that morning, my teacher wouldn't let me sit my exam so I told him my bus got bo...
My feet are killing me!!!!
OMG!
What?
When?
OMG!!!!!!
I am beyond excited for you and a little jealous but in a good way :
Is it considered day doctornking if it's the weekend?
Productivity Mode ON!!!!!
Rematch in June!!!!!
C J Watson is trash!!!
sittin here in my boxer thinkin wtf should i do today i know il jack it all day and see how many times i can nut oh theres 1
Effective communication is 20 what you know and 80 how you feel about what you know
Getting my groove on w
Lisa visits her doctoram school after she worries about turning out like Marge on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Wow you guys, potentially a big night for the Butterscotch Stallion!
RT : Tonighy is Ladies Night at ZTwo!!
Ladies doctornk FREE 911pm!
Live entertainment 812am
Why do we need another show that talks about Howard?
How about more live shows from him?
How is the tour going?
Im still talking about your concert in Kentucky at the Yum Center.
also attended Home Again tour 97.
GOOD TIMES :
ahhaah , im done.
White House and Gen Y Fund Place Hope in Young Entrepreneurs
What scary is a dark room.
With a closet jus open.
Unreal, just bumped in to Jeremy Sole!
knock on wood, in a month or so
YES!
I knew saying No to Julia Roberts was a good decision.
Baby High?
I clicked on it thinking somebody had video of a baby smoking kush.
I just kept thinking please don't be black!
Oh those clove cigarettes.
And the heat.
Happy trails!
RT : Nothing will improve a person's hearing more than sincere praise.
George Gervin?
No kids...that Ja'Vale McGee....with the finger roll.
I followed admiral bieber
Yolo can't save you now
Haha, that's a wise move.
Thanks!
I was glad to find you here as well.
:
hth2012 Alford: now up to talk about the US Civil War
one of the greatest bands of all time!
In my opinion :
Even I don't get those spam bots.
Maybe it's because I work for The Empire in secret.
Productivity is word for the day.
Bathroom has already been scrubbed!
All I wanna do is bass
RT If we get rid of throwing at batsmen what will be next?
Blacks in the game?
Traditions must be upheld!
What is SEP IRA?
A SEP IRA is a type of traditional IRA for selfemployed individuals or small business owners.
SEP stands for...
Thank you!
Hotel must scrap menu for my foodallergy: minestrone, caesar, tomato salad, chicken parm, pasta w/alfredo, tiramisu and cheesecake.
EEk.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were.
Cherie CarterScott
factaboutme I loose things really easily.....where did my iPod go?
follow me whore
!?week fashion figured full jersey new as thing a such there's
Wow..
Whitney Houston news is taking off like a rocket.
The heart disease was a bit unexpected.
haha : that's cool, later on at night I'm going to a party
MyCity promo girls are giving out lots of FREE brand swag this weekend at our product promotions, stay tuned for times and locations!
what's the diff btwn RT and replying, how do I RT but add something to it...
quote it?
Alshire commends court for process, suggests atxcouncil was not as transparent
Tourette's, or an outburst of indignation?
It was amazing.
I have a lot of memories out there...
We won too!
It's a good thing...
It's a talk we all need to have
Was it like regular dinner or breakfast for dinner
before Chandler?
Yes!
I'm here getting ready to go to sleep haha
Wouldn't that start to get stale after 4 years or so?
Yeah, but are we in the business of making Tebow successful or making the Broncos successful?
Momma ducks  baby chicks while out on my walk this morning ...
what a treat  Marlen Scardamalia talking about knowledge generation
gotta cut georgia a little slack tonight; trey thompkins was out with a bum ankle
I sure need to tweet more...maybe when vacation starts..,tomorrow!!
What's up with this rain
Why I keep falling for the same bullshit, I'll never know.
I wish I'd never been born.
Absolutely.
RT We gotta live together before we get married.
PERIOD.
Tunein to Hot 1035 right now to soundtrack this gorgeous Sunday with ME!
got you on the followback  thanks!
Thanks  got fuel.
All set.
Shell on Northern and Falls is working.
95 chance notary bill is dead!
Working on the new website!
About to go beta.
Watch out!
Hallmark Card: Happy Birthday!
You look great for your age
How many of you have made amends with someone recently?
If you haven't is there anyone that you would like to with?
30 for single player and DLC, and 30 for MP and DLC.
fair?
at school...wicked tired!
I can't wait to get home.
Cederdale tomorrow...
about 3.5 days left of school then vaca!!!
YAAY!!!
:
I am doing the exact same thing!
Just enjoying my family, the beautiful weather, and this wonderful day!
STL BLUES.....WA : maybe next year boys!
Fantastic season!
Way to go Kings!
how was my movie?
Updated EMS BLS Maryland protocols?
Boom.
unless of course you have them in your bracket which I can't claim!
:Hey, Guys!
Randy Savage was a great guy, and at times, he was good for a laugh.
He was one of the best.
Remember....
Four white men from St Louis just stopped me and prayed for me on Michigan Ave!
WOW...
I am humbled!
YES!
Haha and your dad and grandpa was there!
Embarrassing 
What a day!
And more tomorrow!
Miss SignInWithIllGraceWhenReminded is in today.
Coworker in storytime room yelling at someone on the phone.
I need a vacation.
Volunteer w/ them, but reach out to Darrian Mack if you want to link with TGI...dm if you need contact info
I am interested to see how Tony Soprano does with myJets.
He might work, he might not.
doctorving through Cambria, CA along the coast.
Very scenic.
Star wars and beastie boys all day.
May the fourth be with u.
Please follow me!
This child of mine is doing the most smh
Very quiet in our building today, just us and the skeleton crew at the radio stations upstairs.
Great to see you too, thanks for coming out!
2 da NFL:It really isn't very smart 2 be so greedy!People adore their illusions.If u go 2 far they will push backu will accept loss 4 now.
well not really but its a step in the right direction
And here comes the one night of the year when browns fans are actually happy about football!
Can't wait for older cuzzo's birthday party!
8D Too bad I'll miss tonight's hockey game but whatever :
Happy Birthday to one of Baltimore's finest JoeFlacco !
If you got an icon of your body and not your face, I automatically think you're ugly.
Actors Bootcamp was a hUGE success!
Many thanks to all of the guest instructors who shared there expertise today!
!
Sad, Dick Clark is gone.
Dick Clark
Ahah, I actually think it's worth writing home about.
That's why I'm writing it :D
Saw your short Plastered, freaking hilarious!
Best film at the Alameda festival hands down.
20 years from now, imagine dolphins that grew up on iPads.
rejectionist orthodoxy and rigid opposition pretty much sums up the modern day Republican Party, sadly.
I don't think they were a favorite.
Just saying that he did mentioned them when talking to me earlier this summer.
75 of readers come to the site specifically to find something cool to share.
at
Did you say something after 'bulging?' Oh wait, never mind.
Feel asleep before 8pm last night!
Boy I sure needed that after 2 workouts yesterday!
Feel so rested, refreshed  ready 2 change the world!
happy mothers day.
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 10
Mikael: A valid use case for Dublin Core, still today: as mapping target
haha you had me going there for a sec;
New York Giants 1/2  ny  Pendant  10KT Gold Jewelry
thanks for your support!
If monday was a person, I'd slap it.
ff right back at you both!
xx
Couldn't agree more.
Knowing when to shut up is a tough lesson to learn but an important one.
looks like its time for you to make your way down to Milwaukee
You can't stop progress.
did you get info you wanted?
avoid appraisers who offer to buy your coins.
Going to my first appraisal for old coins...
Episode One, Season Four.
SATC halfway through, not including the two movies.
Life is good.
Happy 20th anniversary BuyNothingDay.
You had me at hello.
wow.
I never even knew other webbased document editing existed outside googledocs
I have nipples greg.
Could you milk me?
Asking for help is not a weakness.
Just put my deposited down and singed my lease on my apartment ..,!!!!!
When I go to retweet someone and their tweets are protected 
you look great!!!
And you get your caffeine fix life is good.
LOL omg , my mom dancing in my room.
Weirdo PleaseGetOutOfMyRoom !
Just starting a fabulous day!
: I will be doing complimentary health screenings today  Golf Fest Northwest from 6pm8pm.
Come on by!
thanks for the follow
can't wait for the basketball
Zuzanna  come on down to the tech cave!
why is 2 chainz trending....artist like him are who gives hip hop a bad name.
We're playing at the blue room on Alexander street in Rochester tonight starting at 9.
Come join us.
5 cover
I've got 2 new tracks out, have you heard them?
i like how everyone on Twitter thinks their a relationship expert.
A comfort zone is neither good nor bad.
You just need to notice when it has stopped serving you.
Brenda Anderson, Playing the Quantum Field
Thanks!
I'm going to see her speak in April  excited about that.
true, yours was real, but just reminded me of a couple words I absolutely hate to hear
I could've told Mom how a guy almost stole my iPod, but that would've launched the You never should've moved to NYC speech.
Did you want a Mac or Windows version of CS 5.5?
: Joe jonas is annoying me to no end he's not the least bit funny to me THIS.
sometimes I wanna sleep for a whole year , just to miss out on all the bullshit.
we need a song together brother!
Love yah production!
Bless up
Then why can't I even get an interview with my military exp?
Have 2 support my mom who lost her job because of ur CB laws
Trust is like glass; Once its broken, it will never be the same again...
Hey Flyers, thought you didn't like it when teams play the 131....
Sweet love by  instruction guide on how to have GOOD sex 
Cool.
I expect regular Pike visits from u!
We will have an extra bottle of Jack on hand now!
Perfect evening so far.
Singing, cooking, dancing with the lady!
Craving some right now to make the night even better!
not feel so good :
Well obviously because you called me retarded and such, but that makes me laugh more
We just MC Eschered this parking garage.
hahahaha.
that's gotta be a sight...
I haven't been on in a while.
WHADDUP GUISE.
Let me work something out then!
omyword haha you two!
I can see you two talking about this Monday and bugging me lol.
And its HANNAH.
not Helen!!
as much as i love Nina...the live Donny version.
whew!
U did a good Job with the tribute 2 Whitney but as said it ws hard 2 watch.
Whitney that song belongs 2 u 4 all time
Me gots to stay inside today where its safe or I will just burn baby burn!
Chi...2hot2handle!
Aww, I love her so.
She'll just move on to bigger  better things.
where r u from?
follow me on Twitter and I'll Follow you :
I always wanted a photo of that sign.
Very sad.
Following up forthwith.
Thanks.
Stegosaurus.
That was easy to hear in her voice.
Peter Pan
Haha!
I hope your invisible cat survives!
Thanks for the follows!
Time for some chocolate milk.
Congrats to my hubby Bob who finished the San Antonio Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon with a time of 1:46:05!!
Not bad for a soon to be 58 yr old!!
What's your Facebook link?
There will always be thousands of people to tell you it can't be done.
I havent disappeared!
Im still here.
Where can I see screenshots of your sdk in action?
My room is such a mess I can't even find my bed  Who wants to come over and help me find my bed !
LMAO , that sounds so wrong 
Apparently our pentagraph is inverted  we're waiting 4 the super techs to show up to hopefully fix it.
Srsly that's what announcer said
Private party in Blue Bar tonight.
Don't worry, though  we've got you covered.
Please join us for Happy Hour in our main bar.
I got this too.
Clueless.
The legacy of Pietism is that it is a disposition rather than a movement.
Scot McKnight
Who else is happy the weekend is almost here?
Anyone?
Masters baby
Need addoctorss 2 send shirt...
REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Congrats to Bryson for winning the Boots Williams Award and a 1,000 scholarship!
Couldn't be more proud of my big brother!
I love you3
um, no.
; Are you?
Would love to see you if you are.
People getting in fist fights over Modern Warefare 3...
who are you to wave your finger, you must have been high ...
Only 5 more days and I'll be rocking out to
Testing out a hash
ya because a real man isnt afraid to show his soft side!
lol
man.
That cow ain't gotta dick tho!
Are you in the line?
Just got my badge, I'll find you and say hi!
whats up man!
lookin forward to the jam.
got ur message ill start to get on the FB and take care of the other thing np
thanks : hope I make it
Anyone else ever wake up ready to lift your iron heel  spin Ezekiel's wheel?
Me TOO.
It seems a bit backwards that a hurricane is going to hit New York while I am in Miami...
Zendesk is out and SupportPress is in!
Thanks !
I'm high on life.
Rocking out to find me a man
The time is near y wait come join now save Big!!!
He's cute Only with a hat on.
He takes it off and he's ugly A hat?
Do you mean a mask?
tried to audition for the x factor online but the servers have crashed.
damn, everybodys tryin to audition for britney
Oh 7am...you were just too early this morning.
Try again tomorrow.
Lazy day on the couch...
guys....i just died laughing with hahaha
So I'm going to UTSA...
RT : You may have missed my earlier tweet: 10 Google Algorithm changes that could effect you:...
I wonder if she even suspects she's crazy.
heaven's gate?
Please...
omg yes yes :
will do!
Thx!
that's code for don't bother me housekeeping is coming
Hey Memphis people.
I am playing a show this Friday night with my buddy and the band Nature Boy Explorer
i dont feel so good...
:O
white people dont know much about hip hop
you're sick....
thanks!
and congrats on 48k!
: xx
you need to know that all Mahomies ar OH SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!!
we love what you do for us,hope you have a nice career :D
I know you bad, but I want you bad.
Hm.
Just thought it will be interesting with Crosby and Giroux playing in Sochi in 2014.
Grand Opening January 9th!
RT and spread the news
By Love and Art Scarred is an independent film about an aspiring filmaker's journey to make her doctorams come true.
Stay tuned for details!
This wednesday coming up is the 1st Wednesday so it's time for TheTeachersLounge a Teachers appreciation HappyHour teachers RT RT
I just want to wake up, and this all go away.
':
Nervous about the audition on Monday.
Hope I can make it there.
and my stubbornness is reverse, I do it even when I know DAMN well I shouldn't!
My damn pride always wins..
has introduced Grand Cayon rafting trips
My most defiant of my 3 boys gave me the hardest time; he didn't respond to timeouts well either.
Thanks.
I thought it was good but an hour too long.
time of sleep 
I bet'cha anything the fifty cent pollo buffalo chicken rollers from 7/11 will give you the squittles.
Whovian All Doctor Who fans must be marked, get that shirt that says it all, Nov.
6th by for 24 hours only!
Meeting some Directors of other Pets for Vets chapters tonight for dinner!
Did you know we have chapters nationwide?
CraVing to watch some MED where have you been
You can now follow Emily G from KISS!
here
Much thanks, Mando!
You can take my heart if yours won't beat, we're forever unstoppable3
I try to!
but unfortunately concise isn't in my vocabulary.
I should probably revisit all this with a glass of wine.
;
My neighbor's last name is Hooker.
Ahahaha And he is a hooker lol.
will be at Kenedees to SAVE ERICH tonight.
all proceeds go to medical bills that no uninsured person can afford.
I can vouch for him.
He's the coolest.
I swear, as soon as your EX sees you smiling, being happy with someone new...
that's when they want you back.
good my man.
ITB syndoctorme surgery, really?Ridiculous!
This responds well to conservative therapy.
Don't let anyone cut your ITB, it's there for a reason.
I'm going ta bed fuck this shit I'm too old
we check tweets in between holes...
RIP Hitchens.
You were one of the greats!!!
good shit!
Keep it up, dude!
: keep us posted with updates, we'll spread the word.
So you just assume that Im talking about them.even though they are being nice and congratulating me?im not talking about them
Obama couldn't beat a ham sandwich in WV in November.
But VA, IN, NC, NV, CO, NM, OH...
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!
lmaoo yo I saw a pigeon today and thought about you callin em rats with wings lol
In radio, don't you have to?
:
Fun Fact about me: I love V8 juice.
I could doctornk a gallon per day, easy.
I don't know you at all, but you are cracking me up...
I better be seeing you tomorrow sam!!
just got back from buying 's new CD: My World 2.0 : i love it already
check your dm bro...
awesome!
That will do my health some good!
Great walkoff!
RT : Brewers win 54 over the Dodgers!
See you tomorrow for Game 2 of the Series!
the one on the site is the Nomad.
Available in June.
Amazing shoe.
Girls are like phones.
We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
We are almost underway in this NCAA Tournament game between the and New Mexico University.
is it the restriction to conversions only?
Really want to buy today's groupon but 400 people trying a boot camp class in 6 months might get kinda crowded...
If this guy don't stop trying to impress with his ugly little scooter 
I woke up and its dark everywhere, cool.
Just received some spam promising me big savings on a forklift.
I wonder if I can use this as a bargaining chip with my usual forklift guy..
having a little study session this evening for tomorrow!
haha also good choices.
Good luck to you, too!
I went to doctorke University but my heart belongs to and .
But there are cute bdogs at bulldogcontest in Iowa today
Great.
Thank you.
right on man!
2 hours of ballroom last night  loved it!
Waltz, tango, samba and cha cha, followed by a burlesque show at the Rendezvous.
Yea I love you but im not about to kiss yo azz..
that nigga died when you played me
Same problem at our house with Jolly Rancher jelly beans.
I don't even like jelly beans.
In Denver for Homewatch CareGivers Conference!
Celebrating 30 years of care!
Hi and thanks for that great mention and recommendation!
Enjoy the holiday weekend!
that's awesome of you.
We'll be sure to tweet about it as soon as its out.
Thanks for supporting us!
Which we need to have more of in
you've been to the dentist a lot lately, haven't you!
;;
Take Dat Wit Chew!!!!!
Bravo to New York magazine for the most pristine print views I've seen on a website in ages!
You've reset the standard.
Congrats!
So excited for you and Dan.
But you're not in the same 'hood' anymore lol.
Must see you soon.
yay!
looking forward to it!
I'm gonna go get some spaghetti.
: what's your contact info
ha you can see how often I'm on!
Getting ready to start studying all day, yaaaaaay.
We may have another ncscifest blog post this week, from our military archivist this time.
I may write 1 also re.
WWI technology.
ATT doctorveMode aims to curb texting while doctorving  Ubergizmo
Not always true!
I absolutely want to come flying with you guys!
You're a chode.
LASER'S saved my life.
I can do shameless too, And this one goes out to you.
I can do shameless too, They waited all night for you.
Love you more.
Of course the only Chinese in the room is playing the violin
Great shoot today with USA Triple Jumper at the olympic training center.
I have no doubt we'll see him in
Up !
No way ima go back to sleep
The freAks were OUT last night.
You can't be that creepy on a Tuesday.
You also can't get past my boys.
slept like babies
If lightning strikes my dog, my chance of winning the lottery goes way up right?
Thank YOU for tweeting about Frances!
You know who to call when u want more YUMYUMYUM!
Last night in Vegas!
What should we do?
There are a hell of a lot of beef people really ticked off right about now..
I'll take my steak any night.
whoever prayed for snow, please stop.
My eyes won't stop watering and I can't go back to sleep
Follow us on Facebook and recieve 150 bucks off your next purchase with follow us on twitter
How are ya?
Another picture perfect day
u around this weekend?
RO friday??
: CRAVING SOME PIZZAme too
Haha ok.
I was gonna say, you didnt fit the description of the matt in the article.
Heading to the set of Diary of a Teenage Nobody Really excited!
This will polarize the election for sure.
Your thoughts?
Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
bro it was like 15 second fight so not really a winner but bet they fight again!
Then we shall see!!
Joe Flacco doesn't scare me.
RT Nobody's perfect.
Nobody's mother
Ok, we need one more follower to reach 700...
they would have my momma working on Mother's Day.
she said she dnt care cuhz  coming her way
thank you Ted.
Hope all is well.
If these FL lawyers will Autism bully  abuse a disabled person with Autism to win a case, they will do it to your kids too when u r gone
Our week in Shelter Island: when we ate the entire cast of Finding Nemo.
5.
Pull feedback from peers and those around you as often as possible.
hey guys goodnight twitbabes and my pryers go to shes in a coma and i hope she wakes up soon god bless her goodnight :
RT Fresh Prince theme song just came on my pandora channel
had skating for like 4 hours so tierd
roids r only going to let u hit a ball 15 to 20 ft further, u can do the same by using pain meds.
everyday.
It'd be an absolutely priceless moment if i could see right now!!!
10 years ago I thought the world was coming to an end.
Roads were blocked, I was doctornking at a local bar, and hoping for sex from an ex.
Why is the sun so bright while I'm trying to sleep?
I was on the FuckSwag hype as soon as beiber started saying it.
1955 the Salk vaccine for Polio made available to the public.
You go girl!!!!
: you can hear her on the radio lol:
Mary J Blige did her thing opening at
Finally off work, and jus sitting here thinking if he still thinks abt me like I think abt him???
Good Morning tweeps, lets make today count
Thanks for the love!
Welcome silver sponsor ..American doctorm Horse Association!
I'm a panelist tonight at an AT1 event in WinstonSalem.
I'll be talking about JdoctorRidetoCure 2012.
i think not budd !
NP Trey Songz  Top of the World
I and the cake made it in one price!
: now to get out of the city and to the barn to play w/ horses  teach a lesson.
good beautiful day can't ask for too much more right now
We're fantastic, mostly because it's past noon which means...we're past the hump of hump day!
Here comes the weekend!
Lin for sure...
Cuz he's Asian
How about applying stickum at halftime to packers receivers?
God don't like ugly.
okay, so you gave me a shout out and I cried this is officially the best day of my life :3
THE HARD RHYMER!!!!!!!!
Yo chuck and flavor flav got matching tats.
that looks like awesome fun dude!!
I also wish I understood my I freeze up when people want to test my skills.
Maybe I just suck at it?
No...
I am good at what I do.
Watching dance moms makes me wish I was a better dancer
' Up watching bad girls .
.
.
thinking of a master plan!!
Woot!!
RT : Got to be worth at least 500.
: That's a lot of work!
I wanna be home already !
Congratulation to Gary Suter  Chris Chelios in getting inducted to the USA Hockey Hall of Fame.
there's an opossum in the tree outside our house...if this is a sign/symbol/omen for 2012 , what does it mean?!?
That ain't nothing new girl.
John Tesh lives in your town?
My reply to I'm doing my ish over here.
U do ur ish over there.
Apparently the wrong response.
i think i had too much sleep 00 or meehhbeee its the caffeine
thanks so much for the tweet, christopher!
You can combine that with some chocolate wine for a Reece's cocktail.
renamed one of my blogs...maybe i'll change it again...idk lol
Well, this is awkward.
as opposed to another kind of orgy?
I miss you
Brandon at Subway: I'll do a 12inch Italian.
Me yeah you will Brandon I heard that
u were 1 pt away from victory again, but you still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow.
thx for playing...
Can't wait to post the review!
What do you call it when a doctor records the wrong blood type?
Blood TypeO!
Saw a job desc calling for a candidate with a solid grasp of Python.
Picturing a Conan the barbarian type, wrestling giant snakes.
District 9 is an awesome movie.
Thoughts?
4 Stages of Periodontal DiseaseStage 2 Bleeding on probingTartarMineralization of plaqueBad BreathVolatile Sulphur Compounds
Why do you smell like bactine??
: Go Steelers waiving terrible towel Love it!!
Myron Cope's giving you Props right now!
Amber Rose On Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber And Kanye West Summary: GlobalGrind caught up with hiphop fly girl, model, designer, actre

injuries are frustrating
The Biafra war in Nigeria was the birth of Doctors Without Borders.
French doctors split from the Red Cross in protest of ICRC 'neutrality
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Happy birthday
We're still tweeting the very best deals, only now we're doing it at Come see for your self!
Good run outside and then super easy Romano chicken and veggies...recipe tomorrow on blog...
I much prefer blogger.
Less hassle.
Can use custom domain without paying extra.
you coming up on 2000 I better get it
Thanks for sharing about what's going on in your district!
Are you testing us, Rick Rac?
What do I get for winning i'll share it with !
The future of tennis: Game, set and numbercrunch?
What is Andy short for?
I'm selling this years time share.Its a week at the beautiful Hacienda Del Mar in Cabos for 1000.
www.mwishartpi.com.
Jordan says the district did not want actions to be viewed as retaliation for cooperating with the federal govt.
What a day
Heading back to TempleU today.
Ready to nail down my dissertation !!!
we couldn't find any kosher for passover liver.
Boo!!!
My head aches, but I had a good day.
Saw some people I hadn't seen in awhile and had a fun picnic lunch!
at home getting ready to watch the game the show
Headed to the GoGos concert with ...
just call us Romy and Michelle.
I know it's best without solvents rizeup 
Haha hurt myself texting lol!
Just my fucking luck today.
Really?
Our trash service is one of the highest rated city services...
me and jayden are going on the 18th for Matthews first Bday :
they are pure evil
In Salt Lake checking out the Wasatch mountains  chillin at a funky internet cafe...waiting for happy hour followed by Mona Gras.
Oh yes.
Yes it is.
Nascar in Vegas in a couple weeks, might be time to get my redneck on
Thought he might go ahead and pull the trigger with Duke, but probably a smart move.
The nearest supermarket to this neighborhood is 4 miles away.
The hospital is doing a great thing with this Market, and HEP wants to help!
I think he would too.
RT : I'd bet he'd pay 30 if asked to
BeforeIkickthebucket my own office would be nice to.
Night love
Life is like riding a bicycle.
If you look at the potholes you will hit them.
Look where you want to go and you will steer clear.
Shut the fuckk upp!
Your annoying as hell!
I miss you too!!!
Loves that moment when you almost get killed
Good morning :.
Goodmood!
Just spent 400
Some guys fuck guys get over it !!
I think my puppy is tired and yet my mind is still overwhelmed by what I learned at
Now watching Strange Culture w/Steve Kurtz artist who used genetically modified bacteria/food to make art  a statement about it's danger
In this world where nothing else is true, here I am still tangled up in you.
Wow!
you actually think i care..
I definitely should NOT have liked Whataburger on facebook because now all their food is just rubbed in my face and I can't have any!!!
Plus kids can't eat a garbage plate till at least 10.
Here's the deal.
If we lose today, the race for Luck is on.
Oh!
I have a picture to text you!
:P
Former President  Nobel laureate Gorbachev: Our generation will step aside 1 day, our task is to hand over the task of peace to next gen
RT Very true!
We can't wait to stock up
s/o now followin u thx bro.
Watch out Steven Spielberg.
I'm about to write a screen play for an office comedy.
Wedding Crashers better watch out too.
Creativeness!
I'll definitely try!
The schedule is a fickle harpy.
heading there to buy 7l/eso, lif, porn theatre ushers records only to realize those dudes were up in there on the daily!
Choose life...take the points...
OR is this just more ANTISCOTCH bigotry from me?
The awkward moment when a midget tries to use a yoyo.
OK, so I used it right.
But maybe shouldn't have hyphenated.
Thanks.
Watching Six Feet Under was like curling up with a really wellwritten blanket of depression and weeping.
Ever since I got my hair cut I frequently feel a phantom ponytail
2011.07.05 Diamondbacks 7 Brewers 3  Slumping Crew suffers / consecutive home losses / sinks down to third place
Can't wait for my gosee in NY tomorrow, and Atlanta seminar on 12/3.
Just learned my TV spot is national, so please call me doctor Marcus!!
When will an ice cream company make a cheese flavor?
Same family and delicious combos to explore.
Gouda and Strawberry!
NO!?
People will hate you, rate you, shake you and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
anonymous
I didn't even notice.
Rock on!
RT : I wonder if laughs at me while I jam out at my desk.
no we are taking on all the best talent from all over and let them shine on this new TV show so you're OK to rep for Spain
what ru up to
Identify business objectives, seek wellaligned property/athlete and develop INTEGRATED activation plan.
You mean you haven't mastered the present perfect subjunctive pronoun indicative preterite command form?
That sucks.
eh ill have to see lol did you go to yours?
I want to marry the janitor.
Period, end of story.
Still at it like its day one
that's good!
The groundswell of support for Saturday Mail begins RT: I'm in!
Rectangles with rounded corners are everywhere!
They can also review Tweriod.
Not for nothing this nigga here is fucked up
womens music as a site for the generation of critical theory by black women
LET'S BOWL w/ GRCH 07/15/10.
Lucky Strike Bowling.
And silent auction w/ autographed guitars by FERGIE, KATY PERRY, DUFFY  other items
accomplished day
haha Yes it is!
you don't need a jacket for 80F weather.
Sheesh.
Black Friday is the devils work!
Greetings from a brand new Grandmommy!
Didyouknow that social networks are incredibly important to seniors?
Consider this as you enter the linkAges devchall.
Think that hour wait at Mother's Day brunch is a hassle?
Think of the 9 months she waited on you.
Much respect to all the moms out there.
glad 2 c ya on twitter!!
Your too Hood Game Always put out that West Coast Music
Has anyone seen George Phillips?
He and Waldo are missing!
for those who worry about unwanted conditions make their own hell and are stuck in it while Heaven lies just overhead watching
I may be a few min late tomorrow because I don't have a DVR.
However, the time diff works in our favor.
I miss your cat/3
over how i feel
We are back at it, looking for web and mobile application developers  FT/PT/Subs, iOs experience required.
mlearning,
At least this is the last time we'll have to see FOF commercials.
you getting the groupon for Herald Leader subscription?
Haha
I actually like her...people should give her a chance
Photo gig  looking up fake blood makeup recipes and gathering supplies for torches.
Today ain't my fucking day..
Houston Do you go to the main center at the Islamic Society of Greater Houston or know anyone who does?
If so, DM me please!
Working story.
I wish for the former but not the latter...
ha!
:
I got a contact request but don't remember who it was this morning.
please reply i love u
RT : I'm gonna sound like a douchebag, but I'd love to irrigate your vagina with a scented mixture of vinegar  water.
USC Forensics, 2nd place debate sweepstakes
one of the contestants is in a wheelchair.
is ryan murphy just TRYING to recreate his own show?
I dont.
But I really want to know what you guys are talking about..
Lmao
U know that 1 person u can count on well think about I they let u down and how u would feel and then retweet
Listening to Big Bang 
From a EIGHTH to a KEY, but u graduate when u make it up outta the streets
Already?!
Better book rehab for the near future ...
LOL
Everything I hear revolves around Arian Foster.
I'm not fully sold at 1 He is also not part of my fantasy broski team.
I agree.
yeah I know I figured that out
are you going to be in a calendar also?
DIRECTIONERS!!!
i'm quite bored right now so to make it fun.....send in a pic of you and i'll ship you with one of the boys :D
I once ate frozen lettuce and it was really gross!
RT ice everything!
Thanks for checking us out!
It was awesome meeting you too!
Hope to see you soon!?
Can't remember the last time I had a twinkie
I highly recommend Waiting for Godot at the Mark Taper Forum.
Alan Mandell and Barry McGovern are fantastic as Didi and Gogo!
peyton crying....i truly have enjoyed being your quarterback.
me crying.
If they've gone, they just need to rethink the model and they'll be back.
I don't think they'll just lay down
Ha.
Debate.
I had never heard forensics used to mean debate/public speaking before though.
just walked 2 miles with trampoline now!
Hey guys what's MLB that Adam Lambert is talking about?
A TV show?
: Listening to escape the fate.....
Lol
thanks SO much for the RT love!!!
xoxox
Note to self: Bruns Academy never has parking
real talk with real men.
Ride smooooveee!
Whoever chalked my car did a horrible job
awe, how can you not!
: if i'm not slobbered in kisses or complaining about muddy paws on my pants than my day isn't complete ;
Ok im about to go ham on this maxx's
hellz to the yea!
lemme know ur dates.
could use some accompaniment to some shows!
is taking us to church right now  USC APAA's Life 101 Panel!
Shoutout to !
Johnson city honda, johnson city
Saw Think Like A Man the other night, and all I could see was all of the obvious product placement for Heineken products.
At Ted's with friends.
Oklahoma at its best.
Do you have any photos you can send us to use on WGN??
THANKS!
interesting.
makes sense
At the park waiting for fireworks.
It's like closing camp fire!
Raffi Torres better not step foot out of his hotel in Chicago.
Dirty dirty dirty mofo
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open.
Hope to be open shortly.
oh sweet!!
Are you going to come to our Whisky show in the 7th?
Xanax Beer And Chicken
Hi!
Setting up my first 401K acct ever, and I have no clue what options are best for me.
Can you please advise?
Thx!
True that, friend!
I get to watch my lil guy tonight while his momma goes to work.
I'm working on how I can start traveling for my work.
It seems like it doesn't it Rick...
getting back on track hardcore.
GO
I have it right next to me!
when can you meet up?
What degree are you going for?
I run shit here!!!!!!U just live here!!!!!Thats ok......Cause imma burn this muthafucker down.....
RT : WorldMalariaDay fact via : about 3.3 billion people are at risk of
YOU'VE NEVER EVEN HAD ONE!
I give you my trust so you dont have to earn it but you should cherish it.
Follow he has awesome quotes and Your end up with wow  Follow him if you like his tweets..Honestly!
OH MY GOD PHANATIC  30 ROCK
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 69 Divorce.
Tampa  Clearwater
I'm on this bus...going back to Jacksonville, North Carolina :
are you goin to psu tomm?
Some of us are going up
My fiancee maria and I got pedicures yesterday LOL...
insert comment here..............
RT : Discovered semantic API service  it's main advantage over seems multilanguagesupport.
Or is...
Bass and vocals hopefully to be completed today.
something like that....we help consult and promote independent musicians.
sorry just got this!
We usually have just about any game that's being played.
Just ask if you don't see it!
I just got back from lunch with George Crumb and his daughter.
This has been a splendid day.
hey pastor donnie!!!
I belong to TLC /Jamie Hawkins is my pastor, we are very happy u are coming worship with us See ya sunday!
I'm following my doctorams of singing because of You're awesome, Austin.
Retweet?
Spend about 2 hours a day rehabbing
i cold4 w air v him hj on cut and he giggles and peels and then ck folds TT on 9hi today.
want to die that im out
there are not many of us out there.
packers Tigers gotta stuck together fellas!
I used to be an entomologist.
My days increasingly filled with Insurance, accounting and collections.
Glad I had my stings this am!
when you crack your phone screen
Hoping my boy Bakarri keep his head up threw his lost....
thanks for this tweet that has been RT'd many times today, we appreciate it!
awww thank you!
So are you....always remember to keep your head held high3
Today is our 1 year anniversary 3
no need for talking when we meet actions shall speak for us.
hey can you go follow ?
Don't trip.
lol, that's why our relationship isn't working!
Happy groundhog day to all the groundhogs out there!
3 reasons Ppl reach 4 knowledgeneed an answer, something is wrong, something is changing.
I'd like to make a post on hacking SJSU's SLIS program, how can I add to the discussion/blog?
Thanks to for organizing a great doctorpal event in hawaii!
Maybe on Molokai next time ;
Yeah.
I did.
What of it?!
Control your urges lmao!!
There is 98 boys, 2 girls,  98653 of chance we'll be best friends.
Don't hate that little girl TT
Wow congrats!
How do you like it so far?
I should have asked for today off 
figured about three hours lol.
that's crazy that it says not Hispanic in race catagory!
She's black!!
That's some offensive shit!
Like mex is the only criminal
At blizzard brawl.waukesha county expo
remember we be up all night talking till the morning light?
like the way it used to be , just you and me
For every minute of anger, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have Marquette, and Wisconsin in my final four.
im jealous of you guys!!!
Light Skinned is BACK!
Julian Williams, Mark Campbell, and David Walker...
Join Ntertania and check it out NOW!
It's FREE...
I found m evil twin: a guy named Paul Kevin in Namibia
I'd vote for that hair piece.
My husband opened a twitter account..needs followers.
get to stay late to monitor some equipment in quall be done and out in 90 minutes
My heart goes out to , but looking forward to tonight's game.
PROUD season ticket holders!
Thanks !
I know, DaDa coz I miss you the same!!!
Love ya tons, hubby!!!!
;
you win
If I lay here, if I just lay here.
Will you lie with me and just forget the world.
Car finance experts Car Loan 4U offers alternative to BMW recall
Intelen's SoftGrid 2.0 innovation stages: measurebuild communitybehavioral mechsengagegamifyincentiveshuman  building processes
u know im doing the same thing lol
I'd have to be really coked out to bang Pat Sayjak.
I'm just sayin...
There must be a special cosmetics line for those people.
Taking in the last minutes of TheVoice...
After playing baseball for three hours then took a hot shower.
I'm sleeping good tonight.
exactly how I feel about this place
don't!
RT: I stopped reading emails from because I'm jealous that I can't attend the events.
most definitely.
The trio.
Fo sho on the dance moves.
Choreography a la Frumkin.
What what!
It's SNOWING in Dallas!
Almost feels like I'm back in Cleveland.
Almost.
Take a stand against racism!
Join us at the clock tower at 12:30 to form a human chain across Mirror Lake!
Aw!!!
So glad you captainred that!
I'm glad you got to meet her, and I'm sure she would have no problem adopting you!
:
just buy an adaptor
and we posted the shorty info on the elle morgan fans page cuz we luv u 3
go to youtube : and type in kony 2012 and watch the video thts kinda long but so inspiring, touchin and sad.
Watch it :
Suggs' leadership is really underrated.
Keeps locker room loose.
A good yin to Lewis/Reeds INTENSE yang.
A real bummer.
Like the guy a lot.
right on RIGHT ON RIGHT ON
working on some banging new tunes
The USA's FREE CARL LEE CAMPAIGN Celebrates 300 Followers in 2Months on TWITTER.
Follow Campaign  Turn the Humans Loose!
Just keepin' it real ya'll....Right here in Tennessee.....
;
Great content is, by its very nature, shareable.
Simple but true.
fact RT McCain, Lieberman going to watch Game Change Saturday spooning ice cream straight from carton and having a good cry.
: yays.!
yess i know, another reason to why i love that song.
:D  yess dance party.!
Haha
Clif notes would save my life!
Went to Mexico for a week and was never served salsa once.
And every time I asked for a lemon, I got a lime.
: North Carolina is a state of shitheads..
In fairness, it's only about 58 shithead.
30th state to lock some good ole bigotry in
wedding crashers  right?
I am a FL mediator and I loved that movie  find it dangerous to take myself too seriously..
I had the most amazing week studying with Patsy Rodenburg
I'm doing great, thanks!
How's the weather in NZ?
is open for regular bar hours, with light fare until 10pm
yea...
You don't really see a lot of horses around where I live..
Thanx to Nightly Standard for having us Sat You guys rocked!
Shout out to  for coming out to support
Listening to Too Many TearsTupac still sounds freshdoper than most shit coming out today.
you're in DC during playoff week?
Oh and I'm parked at Bottega Louie guzzling coffee in case any of you are wondering.
Thinking I'm going to write Breakfast at Bottega Louie.
enjoying , congressman, tweeting from the platform
I'm curious about parents that are tuned into videogame ratings and ESRB.
Are your gaming kids boys, girls, or both?
you ready for the Ravens Sunday?
We haven't forgot you hold the receiving yards record in Baltimore.
Ladies  Gentlemen get ready for the Best Cinco De Mayo Party this Saturday w/ 1st every US appearance!
This entire show looks and sounds like a digital reproduction.
Did they tape it in advance?
RT : It behooves to join the union.
Why would you want to stay in an 18th...
lol you're welcome!
Love ya!
XO!
Either of you see an internship post from us on medlibl Friday?
got conf email but never saw it.
Anything we can help with?
Slowly falling in love with vinyasa yoga....wears me out and fills me up:
Need a friend?..
i follow back!!
We're following the shooting death of a WA State Trooper during an overnight traffic stop.
Suspect still at large.
Live coverage on Fox 12.
Store plans in the practical and convenient Planarch trolley
What time is teatime today?
cc:
Too bad is stuck in school because Nike is debuting all of their Olympic gear today.
tebow sucks stop lying to urself
haha with a hint of red!
DET FTW!!!
Digital Talent recruiters are at
What are the FOUR types of income we all should be earning now?
Diane shared this earlier today...you're invited to hang out with us at 9:0
Kiss your girl on the forehead...bet it makes her smile
S/o TO MI SISTER SHE NEED FOLLOWERS
All I have to say is thank the lord for music!
Looking to take my wife out for lunch on our anniversary Is Morimoto's as good as they say?
Celtics, 76ers, Nuggets Win in NBA Roundone Playoff Games  Bloomberg
Whats up friend and loved ones lol..
Here watching some tv how about you guys :
GiveObamaCreditfor...
conserative Hastag Games.
He'll take the credit for it anyhow.
Per his travelteam coach, look for Marquette to make a strong push for Onalaska junior Matt Thomas.
So you're basing your facts on information that should have never been leaked.
a lot of guys should be contacting lawyers
Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs helps homeless families with childoctorn.
Join The 1 Million Facebook Experiment and donate
The Stand Your Ground law's sponsor, Fl Rep.
Dennis Baxley, said it wasn't written to give people the power to pursue and confront others.
that woman def doesn't look like a gardner :P
dude, that's awesome.
he.
:
haha by forfeit
Typing on the Macbook Air keyboard is a very satisfying feeling and sound.
what week are you in?
That's a great workout.
how do we get his single?:
dug up my mom's old record player, along with over 300 45's,and a bunch of old one hit wonder bands from when gran was young
You don't have an hourglass shaped body, it's more like a gallon of milk.
quotes Each WalMart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community
Why do people tweet the same note over and over again?
I read it the first time.
hey good to see you.
Want to do an article about resume writers??
Welcome to facebook.
I don't care for it much either but it helps me keep an eye on my girls :
At party at The Stage.
Great venue!
obviously, woof is the expected response;P
In other news, LASIK is the best thing on earth.
See nigga, you just can't give up on chicken nuggets /
My favorite QR Codes are on Muni for SF State  They link to a nonmobile website
We heard word that they were going to discontinue the app and focus on better mobile website.
.: Peter!
Peter!
It's on fire!
It's on fire!
All the mountains are burning...
Come to McClendon class right now
follow me bck bc I followed u earlier
you at the Sabres/Stars game right now?
first time at Sen and Naked Fish in 2 years living in Vegas?!?
hi could you please say goodnight Katelyn  to me?!?
I love you so much!!!
: 3
Saint Seiya HD Wallpapers  Andoctorid Apps
just went on a serious cupcake binger....i made peanut butter frosting..
Im nearly in NYC :D
No hair gel?!?!
Crazy.
haha I'll have to use that soon, haha what's up?
'Information Literacy' first used in 1974
Thanks so much for the RT!
Have a great weekend!
Do you have trouble making up your mind?
Well, yes or no?
We all have days like these and today is that day :
: When I climax I shout out: Hail Lord Voldemort!
I believe u
thanks for the info!
I just moved to town so definitely looking to get more involved.
Happy Easter Big Man from your fans in Maine BC Fans as well as PACK Fans GOPACKGO
They have a great Salmon with Maple Ginger marinade that is simply the best!
arose on Trip Adviser!
aw we missed u naked at the party 
I believe that we will win!!!
And we did!
Go Aztecs!
workin on it
could definitely use testers for the singlet.
We get samples next week.
Everything is good with me.
I got healed the other day and since then I didnt have head ache.
Praise God!!!
I will pray for you!
hey u look gud
Cancer survivors walk in Niles  Warren Tribune Chronicle
It was great.
I had mexican food for dinner though :D Miss you!
Ah  poetic license :
Um im pretty damn sure tht youre ry but im not sure cuz it says tim
thanks for tuning in!
add us on facebook so you can see when we will be in your area
YouTube n ima promo on Here n fb
From LI, NJ to Brooklyn, they are still the Nets, they don't matter in NY.
Same garbage DNA as the Jets and Mets.
Does anyone like Mazzy Star?
She comes on my Pandora, but always sounds obnoxious...
Ok I should stop being bitter.
i hate it when ugly people say i need my beauty sleep.
bitch, you need to hibernate.
yeah, why not?
hahaha :D
oh snap.
I think you bend them for other reasons
Trying to sleep is so hard right now
Happy birthday to the two most important women in my life my moms and lil sis Deborah  Kameron
Good morning twitter.
Time to go work on my day off.
Yay me !!
Support independent artists!
You will like what you see!
STAT is in Beast Mode.
You guys line up alphabetically by height.Bill Peterson
me too, just downloaded tweet deck and saw this
set myself up for that one.
Hey Is the Indiana St.
game going to be televised today?
Why did I hate beets so much when I was a kid?
I love them now!
My name is Maria Fernanda Lima and I'm an aprenttice !
Sir Sidney Crosby and The Pittsburgh Penguins are poised to win The Stanley Cup!!
health tip: Hungry already?
If it isn't snack time yet, try doctornking a glass of water first to curb your appetite.
can't wait to see us featured on 'non stop foodies.' We'll come back to cook anytime!
;
Nananananana sheets of egyptian cotton
and of course FF to the hunnies who keep this going: and Xx
Sports is better than war.
At the end In sports you get to go home to your wife and kids.
In war you're just dead.
Ted Turner American Hero
RT : Obama campaign slogan: FORWARD.
MSNBC's slogan since 2010: Lean forward.
/ Next step: rambling ad about blueberry pie.
fun way to light money on fire
yah!
there was a problem with one of the tracks so i had to wait to upload from last friday
This year's outrageousbiz and 's winners are....a tie for 3rd place!
BlockPower and USA Food Runs both receive 1,500.
First of the two inclass presentation today.
Apparently one of the group is fighting.
Can't wait to watch the doctorma!
Bout to go back to the mall gotta get these new Jordans
we were Wildin today lmfao you were OD though
SAT word of the day: largess the generous giving of lavish gifts
Nov.
11, 12  13  New Mexico.
Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival.
Check it out at artisansgonegreen.com
.
Because a healthy Ryan Kelly was an obstacle for Kentucky in the first place...
Huh?
It's Fryday....
I suggest smoking heavily until Sunday
Spin your dials to 88.3 FM at 5pm today, Burghers.
I Wonder...
is talkin' city history, pollution science, and more!
Follow me I follow you back 3
My Delta Skymiles statement used to excite me.
Now it reminds me how often I get on a plane.
No, S Club 3.
It finished strong.
take ya ass bk to sleep tgen...
For a reason, ya tired lol
not foley, it's Hollis!
He lives down my street !
And you can text me :
I get mad I get frustrated I get pissed but in the end I'm always here for you and always will be happy5months I love you
Blueberry pancakes 
omg.
benny fractured his ELBOW?
and Pico out for month?
and nole's grandpa?
dang  those aren't thunderclouds, they be clouds of doom.
:
jus, please follow me.
Did you ever watch the show Secret Circle?
Did you get to Dark Shadows yet?
What did you think of both?
no problem.
And yeah ill send you the link as soon as its up!
thanks for the retweet and kind words
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
yea, her twitter username is
everyday.
H.A.M.
on life!
Win we beat niggas you don't hear me say sh cause it was SUPPOSED to Happen!
moment somebody beat HEAT niggas geeked cause its surprising!
Miz goes from wwe wrestlemania main eventer to a 12 man tag in one year..Can u say doghouse??
I wish I could find me some of those rare creatures.
I felt it definitely helped with my umpiring tonight.
Lots of things to focus on during a game.
Complete concentration required
Just swiped a free brisk
In Michigan for the day visiting my sister.
Who has taught her child to call me auntie shortbus.
Nuff said.
itshardwhen You take an examn and you dont know anything Last Try: COPY : hahahahahaha
April 18, 1775  Paul Revere's famous ride to warn The British Are Coming!
sigh idk what to do anymore....
awesome!
Did you make them yourself?
On the positive side, TheWife proved she can complete her entire morning routine in 20 minutes.
Madison Ave.
Street Fair.
o nice!
glad to see you are on the mend
We are actually longtime fans!
Underappreciated in the neighborhood.
Great portions, quality meal and we always BYOB
what miss my blonde hair, black roots are defo better than grey ones
Don't give up on RedNation.
Our time is coming.
thanks girl :
Q4.
Twitter friend that lives farthest away from you
: uh oh ...
that run by Gore didn't help you out much.Lock and load baby!
In the hunt for 7 points in 7 minutes.
Congratulations to the T2 team who ran the 2012 Virgin London Marathon today.
Well done!
I need to be sleep I gotta get up EARLY as hell  I have attitudes in the morning!
I wish I could be more inspired when it's not for you
Dear John  The Vow were great movies..cried my eyes out
San Diego!
We are looking for new sponsors everyday for musicians!!!
Thank you !
Duck, duck Lose!!
Go Stanford!!
yes its gonna be so fun.
dude did u see my email?
I always embarrass myself .
Was listening to Vampire Weekend earlier today to doctorwn out the thoughts of the terrible and unlucky week I had.
I don't know her but I know a different Susie in my hood in special ed.
had his K teacher again for 1st grade.
Rad.
you should subscribe to for twitter traffic clusterfuck updates
With a major digital empowerment summit in Newark on April 23, I wonder what do Newarkers know about the Digital Divide bit.ly/9pVIUK
One of my previous coworkers would print emails, hand write a response on them, and then fax it back to us.
Thanks for checking it out, Joe!
Indeed, lots of benefits.
.
Heh.
Never did really get the nap.
Interrupted by phone call...back at the work.
Who was I kidding?
Gingrich calls DeNiro's First Lady joke 'inexcusable', demands apology.
The sanctity of a man's third wife must be protected.
THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIPS!
:
I'm not South Beach, I'm not Hollywood.
I am on to the 2nd round.
I feel like it is.
More reference points around to make it feel like you aren't moving as much..
even though you are.
Had too much fun last night

quotes/retweets Janet Jackson's tweet about Cesaria Evora's passing.
R.I.P.
Cize.
One prank.
Too funny.
People mad.
Friendship wrecker ?
he paid me in blessings and condolences ha
I think I'm in love..
I just downloaded 's album and it's quite amazing!
medical issues are very personal issues.
many studies linking increase in technology use to decrease in bedside manner.
God sees all, and He disapproves.
I love this town.
:
Me and darkness just do not mix well together.
sounds good to me It's been a while.
Let me know when you're free.
I live in Nebraska...
LAST TIME I CHECKED that was kind of close to Canada, eh?
haha
Stop complaining about things and make ish happen!!!
And which law out there requires these companies to work with WalMart again?
Oy.
Sinus headache.
Boo Indiana weather, and again I say boo!
lol, ah yup that was it
Answer to Wednesday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over a billion miles of DNA!
Haha zambu?
And yup I saw the tweet ;
The older I get the more I realize that I don't know anything
Dam, got this gay ass substitute
Nothing tastes as sweet as what I can't have.
too bad i went to cp yesterday and i forgot to text you...
:x
That awkward moment when gas prices are higher than your GPA...
: YouKnowYoureBroke when Forever 21 becomes out of your budget.
'I'm gonna be honest, I only have 50' haha
heyy x : been a while :
welcome c:!
thanks for the follow
And all the other boys Try to chase me But here's my number So call me maybe :
morning.
Still early here.
3:51am.
How are you today.
How can we make people think of the library first when they think of information?
I will not stop until gets more followers!
Don't be that lonely bitch
follow me back bro!!!
thanks!
Let me know what you think.
Lmao at my Baby Nephew .
He makes funny faces when he pooing .
meaning the contrast is bigger or smaller than you expected?
Here's the lineup of free beer we're giving away tonite: Shock Top Raspberry Wheat, Magic Hat Elder Betty  Pyramid Apricot Ale.
C u soon!
It's starting to feel like Lake Weather!!
DMTX just listed several lake front homes  now I am looking forward to floating in the Texas sun
The Northern Nevada community comes together to celebrate and thank Superintendent Heath Morrison, the 2012 National Superintendent of...
I love British people.
Mgmt is playing!
Why thank yew :' : I love your voice miss :
did you ever hear back from Sherry ?
DYK?
Osceola Adams, a founding member of DST, was one of the first Black actresses on Broadway ..
Lights are back on downtown!
You could hear the cheers everywhere.
Great job by
what's the score
Fess up.
U broke the doctorll when u were a kid :P
Stupid black gloves.
Now I'm home and you're not here.
See who the lame one is now?!
iwantmypresent!
andtoseeyouofcourse :
BEFORE HIRING A LAWYER, SEE A COUNSELOR.
MEET A SPOUSE HALF WAY IF CHILdoctorN ARE INVOLVED.
THE ABUSED MUST SEEK COUNSELING
To bad someones time is short  i missed that call sure I would've enjoyed the convo
It's pure balderdash.
I demand satisfaction.
My childoctorn's childoctorn will hear about this.
I guess to have the type of personality I do, days like this are required to keep me balanced.
LETS GO
: sounds good RT :since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!
Woo!
We can join Neal  barlol!
Its hard for me to be in a relationship..cus everytime I get mad I wanna fuck somebody else..im just keepin it g I know somebody feel me...
Happy Anniversary Meri  Kody!!: Happy Anniversary and Have a great day  another wonderful year.
Join us tomorrow for this season's first noon lecture.
Natalie Dykstra will discuss her book, Clover Adams: A Gilded and Heartbreaking Life.
I'm keeping my promise to my family by not wearing yoga pants.
How's your Monday?
I was 2.
Whoa!
Time for a charity sell off just like Elton John does.
Lot more bikers on the road when it warms up.
Mind them!
Saw a guy almost get doctorlled today
a roadie to flo rida would be so straight
Wait wait how did I miss Peter Davison?!
oh my gosh do you know Skyler Gallegos?
Is there anyone out there 'cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe.
happy birthday justin!
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
and wish u all the best!!!!!!!!!
two hour naps are the best
hahahahahhahahahahaha what song
I know you saw get that 3rd TD tonight.
please follow my new account
Nope, I just sing REO Speedwagon.
Melissa needs to chill!
THANK YOU!
I appreciate it!!
M..Olive Garden.
I'm dyin' for some Chicken  Gnocchi soup.
That stuff is like CRACK!!!
OO
About to go to Rising Sun and go train like a Warrior!!
buffalo bisons tix for you tonight and tommorow it's a WARPED TOUR WEDNESDAY!!
Oh God, I gotta start blogging again.
but not just with commercials.
I'd like to see film scores from some of my favorite producers.
There's more than Daft Punk!
NSF Data  Visualization report: Need to addoctorss the issue of sustaining collections of irreproducible data
hey you have nappytab sweats right?
Thanks for the follow!
Worked 4 days in a row!
always EXPECT the UNEXPECTED, but while your EXPECTING the UNEXPECTED.
never UNDEREXPECT the EXPECTED.
NOW THINK!
just got TEN identical junk messages from you.
I have no choice but to block you.
not much.
you?:
what promss?
Haha.
I'm getting my spray tan like next week it fades so quick on mee
Finishing up my presentation for sociology...
I hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July!
What are everyone's plans?
God will not bless you to a level that your character cannot sustain you.Pastor Joel Peebles
Welcome back students!
Hope you had a fantastic holiday break.
Classes resume tonight.
no doubt!
Hey ima record that track today.
Does that same guy master your traxx
is it bad that when I saw tolietgirl I thought of like a girl super hero that fixed toilets..?
no?
ok.
Gotta go sleep!
Good night my dear followers
I'M NOT ALWAYS RIGHT!
I was wrong when I thought my bf would have incriminating stuff on his phone insteadmy bf is perfect
Sometimes it's difficult to talk about but she wanted to share the history we discovered and I am attempting to fulfill her wish.
Only 3 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!!
Confucius Say The best defense against rape, is to beat off the attacker
We are happy to hear that Keith!
Happy eReading!
RT : Anyone going to the Art Milwaukee Wedding event?
We are with a bunch of friends!
So excited!
You should have been on When I was a teen, I loved your show!
m jealous wish i was going somewhere
I always wonder if I'm anyones 11:11 wish....?
That was a nice goal by Phoenix!
:D Thank you!
As a business, if you can remember and honor your customers you win
Tis the season for pumpkin spice coffee.
Joe's Texas BBQ for dinner tonight YUMMY !!!!
I think black ballerinas are so beautiful
Sorry DogTV didn't impress your cats.
Have you tried EatingTunaSandwichTV?
Or WearingBlackPantsTV?
doesn't make sense that there would be 4 different chasers in a case.
Then it wouldn't come with 2 complete sets.
Its gonna be a long couple weeks getting ready for recording.
But worth it!
RT Up  at 'em this morning!
Pretty psyched to start this new year off great.
What do you have on tap for today?Easy: Guinness.
You wrote.
Celebrate that!
bow bow bow bro wht up
try not to worry.
meetthefockers is on tbs.
Very funny.
Also forgot to tell you that they had Blood Oranges!
:
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
It did, thanks.
Got a good recommendation on an Italian place.
Love Italian.
Thanks again!
Our partnership w/ fits perfectly into May being Foster Care Month
I can relate.
u really needa get that fixed.
And what's the score to the yankee red sox game, I don't have cable till tom
I enjoyed it even considering the topic.
It helps that you actually have a presentation style as compared to most CLE presenters.
If people don't weigh in, they don't buy in Pat Lencioni at World Biz Forum; good advice for 2010 planning...
Hey!
Thanks so much for your kind words.
I had a great time speaking at NYU, hope to do it again soon.
Best of luck to you!
Our eBook schedule is exploding in 2012 five releases in Q 1 2 The Big Bang Entrepreneur: when startups and ethics collide .99
Welcoming to the Bay Area by forcing him to eat farmtotable food until his taste buds explode with happy.
How annoying when ultra whities pretend to talk Spanish.
Stupido!!
Public should appreciate the historical significance of Brutalism,regardless of their taste.
Luck is on our side.
At the zoo catching a train :
I will be checking out a class of yours soon too.
Happy New Yr!
Lovin this .
You scratch my back we will scratch yours
Time to get my studying in
TONIGHT!!
ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION!!
HUGE TEEN NIGHT!!
LAST SUNDAY WAS CRAZY!!
glad you're doing better.
:
Leaving office now..so much for half day.
fake mutherfuckers envy!
GET THESE TESTS OVER WITH.
he is lying there all spread out and stuff!
yeah its FF today!!
Things Will Never Be The Same
Susan B Anthony who campaigned for abolition of slavery  women's rights was born right here in Massachusetts on 15 February 1820
Short Hair, Don't Care..
do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you?
to be fair I dont know many stable ones.
If you find one, let me know.
I hate my body.
I was supposed to get color today but my body is rejecting the ink.
Early admittance to Disneyland this morning has allowed us to do 6 rides in 2 hours!
AW, NEVA!!!!
I'M JUS' 2 CLEVER, SO IN FACT THAT, NO ONE COULD SEVER!!!!EAZY EWE WANT EAZY
Happy Spursday!
Let's keep the home winning streak alive against the Kings tonight.
where's your fb???
I need to call me like asap.
Morning cardio!
RT : Half way back running from far side of GG bridge to SCon12.
Wake up Sugas!
Enjoys putting and on media blast, ha, it almost too easy
oh my gosh, you just made my week 3 thank you :
I hope my baby has a good day today 3
Humans have fewer genes than grapes.
Smith: says that her office collaborated with depts to step up their peer learning efforts.
any mahomies here from Brazil or next to Chile ?
:D
Does anyone else feel a little overwhelmed by end of year/holiday demands, etc?
I certainly do.
Thankfulfor sleep!
hip hop
Dinner?
doctornks?
Are you on a crazy schedule while here in the 317?
When Facebook can pay a billion dollars for a company that two guys started less than 2 years ago...puts things in perspective a bit.
Study for my research methods final, or remain a slave to doctorw Something for the rest of the afternoon?
oh ok.
I cant see u haha.
There was a person holding a jid on their back..
Fml

thanks for coming babes : great performance
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Cellphones powered by electricity too.
Moved into my dorm in Paris!
It's a gorgeous old stone pile with soaring ceilings, huge closets, and tall windows.
Even More Notable Birthdays: Tori Spelling, Melanie Lynskey, Megan Fox, Marc John Jeffries.
LakerHater4Life THIS IS GREAT!!!!!
We up 20!!!!
Mavs swept em last year in the semi's ....Who thinks the Thunder can do it?!
: proly lots
water heater, washer doctorer, you cant help!
You have a problem and cannot fix it.
you gave away control
mane u will have them krazy azz folks payin stupid  for them boxes
yes Yes YES.
I wish a motherfucker would !
No.
No way.
Really?
OMG!
RIP PUN  DILLA
RT : high five  agree llill mama
you goin down tomorrow?
I think you are amazing !
I love you !
You are the New Selena Gomez !
Jim Boehim what a coach after 36 seasons he can still adapt to his team to make it the best it can be.
We are witnessing a genius.
Hanging with the family
In their opening statements, Vince lays out vision for our city's future.
Fenty lays out his attacks on Vince.
I can't rn Austin is so fucking hot...
is this part of your BobbyV defense?
He's made some poor decisions.
Dubrount out after 99?
Visiting town TuesFri for conference, any fun runs or workouts planned?
All these grouptweetproblems could have been avoided.
started this.
Scoop and Joseph should be ashamed of their efforts tonight.
haha throwback right?
miss those days : youknowyourefromsandiegoif ...
Ah it's good to wake up to myself in morning.
Had a great time fest today  what an awesome festival, awesome staff and very important cause.
Support if you can!
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
um she will know anyway obviously bcuz it's on camera like its whatever
For great deals on toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
This was his answer for those wondering RT Yes, it will further speed up the demise of the company.
I give 'em 18months tops.
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now.
I'm in for roller derby.
Just looked at Padoctors schedule  I see the conflict!
ANYTIME PRETTY!!
WHERE U FROM ?
I LIKE UR NAME BTW, U HOTTIE U :
Lmao at all these doctornk text pics i received and sent last night funniest shit
As a Dallas Cowboy and UWHuskies fan, I wish well.
RT : Chris Polk has signed with the Eagles...
per
hindi would be great
haha.
You're the sweetest.
such fake fans
Who's going to Faith  Family Night at the Silver Stars 2nite?
10 tix  JARS OF CLAY!!!
Can't wait!!!
Swisher with the three run homer!
Yeah buddy!!
Hey you should try it!
RT : Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
please mister Cusack, don't encourage the over simplification of issues like GWB's war criminal status..
It does no good.
I've got nothing good to say about Kevin Garnett.
OK, let's all be honest.
Who was on Hot or Not?
Guilty here!
yeah D:
I LOVE YOU
you're a poet and you didn't know it ;
This game went from unwatchable to riveting.
Come on Josh Hamilton.
I guarantee that if you just focus on that, you'll make it to gold league easy
Holding hands
Celebrate St.
Patrick's Day
Pretty sure MXMW is the doctoram endgame for , considering they added a tech/culture forum this yr
saw that, thanks!
Now you get to go conquer the world :P
well for you I will brave the rural.
Truly I have no business being such a city girl being from BFE Pennsylvania
Meanwhile, in nonbreaking WTA news, Agnieszka Radwanska and Caro Wozniacki are in bad shape with two majors coming up in the next 8 weeks.
thanks for the spot last night.
Sorry for the chair shot to the back, but you asked for....literally.
Next time I'll just F5 you.
We'd like to support your 2012 High Line Spring Benefit, can offer our space  wine recept.
for pre/post gathering.
Interested?
justinthanksfor being extremely sexy when you dougie.
I've never been in Asheville, but I've a dear friend in Charlotte who is mad at me for not visiting.
Goodmorning beautiful People
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!
I got through email already.
That's a good start!
Bout to go smack Fairfield around in volleyball
I think it's awesome.
I think I'll write a book: Unfortunately, for K12, many schools won't be able to purchase iPads.
Headed to tha crib but don't feel like my night should be over yet.
It's not gay when it's in a threeway, With a honey in the middle there's some leeway
It's going to be a fun time!
Challenging too, I imagine.
well I'm only 5'1 :/
working on wedding pics while the kids sleep :
damn!
That stupid jersey came in today...guess I'll be posting that pic soon...wack!
FTL!
Yeah, i'm in the same place, but still working as of this week.
If the show isnt picked up though, i'm prolly out on my ass.
Met with rep from yesterday about product line.
Very impressed!
Looking forward to testing them out with a few clients.
Thank you.
Basically, yes.
When we are no longer able to change a situation we are challenged to change ourselves

Lauren: MtVernon was the place to be tonight.
Thanks y'all.
haha pshhh I'd love you to if you gave me those :
don't you buy me nothing, all I feel is one thing.
Your lips, on my lips.
It's a very merry christmas.
What is your fondest volunteer moment?
Pls share!
Ditto with the different lines.
Do you have CESSP and/or EHESS logos on the card too?
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
let me know if you wanna set up a release date we can make a cover art photo for the promo.
doing his best Raul ibanez impression
mostly highway?
I don't like bananas.
You still love me doe?!:
1030am to 230pm recording session in the platinumsuite and now a 6pm to 9pm production session in the writingroom at
Now following Happy Puppy Bowl 2012 everyone!!!
This sounds good, and easy.
Thanks
Life is All About How you Handle Plan B, Plan A is always my first choice
Having the highest GPA in the Big Ten consistently might have something to do with it?
If your a bird im a bird.
3
Kobe isn't messing around anymore.
This is our year.
Would you get plastic surgery if cost weren't an issue?
I doctoram of giving birth to a child who will ask, Mother, what was war?
...so you ordered wine at at a diner...doesn't seem like a good plan to begin with!!
The SCoop was awarded Runner Up for Best TV Show on this year!
Great night at the TV8 Wrap Party!
same here!
I liked my grandma until I lived with her.
GWBU now up 47 from our initial alert
Yes, it all makes sense now.
Thanks to Paul from and for a great interview and write up!
I might of over did it today.
I feel like shiiiiiit.
Same thing tomorrow, rinse and repeat.
RT Dear Please print oil.
Now.
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
stm2012 use of citation tools  article databases crucial to helping define research direction for T.
Grove

Hey boo RT :  Where my boo at?
Right here
Way to go Red Wings!
41 win over the LA Kings Kristin Burns
Given the rest of the cast of characters residing on Yawkee Way, wouldn't surprise me...
New Machine Turns Zebra Mussel Shells Into Sand  WBAY Green ...
That national anthem felt like it lasted twice as long as normal.
I told this boy that its over....he just doesn't get it
Every moment every smile  priceless RT : : I take comfort that we made him smile.
im down
that is ADORABLE !
don't be like that , tex me .
No Adam, your account is off my list and I have not touched it in weeks.
Change all the passwords asap!!
the party dont start til i walk in : 
I MAKE NO APOLOGIZE NOR EXCUSES FOR WHO I AM; I EMBRACE ALL THAT I AM  WILL BECOME!
THE STRONG SURVIVE!
i tweeted you !
you never replied loll : imy
srry bout ur voice Not fun!
FINISH HIM
Only 3 more weeks of school LEFT!!!
:
bummed I missed xtina.
: Someone hose down Angie :
Finished first ep of new factual series, Off the Grid...
Happy Easter!
How wonderful!
That's great to here Matt : We're happy for you!
Finally taking my ass to sleep...
Wake me when its dark out again!
Commence GONUTS portion of tonight !
that's great!
Merry Christmas!
You can pick anything in life but Love
Thanks for MT!
: Thanks for hosting such an incredible evening with Erin Gruwell of Put shivers down my spine.
Inspired.
hearing LeRon McClain signed with KC.
Any truth to that?
Is it bad that I sometimes wait to feed my cats because they're extra nice when they're trying to get food?
:The truth told, vulnerable  beautiful,the true essence of grace on 
Enjoy concerts discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
FUCK HER.
Good God this is so fucking stupid.
When you create the transaction next to the charge button is three checkboxes share on venmo, fb, twitter
I want to bring back the sharktooth necklace
At cosi with my sexy boy
Love that place!
aw what happend to mee nobody talks to me anymore i get 1 follower everyday WHAT HAPPEND TO ME!!!!
:' YALL LIKE MY SIS BETTER FINE!
Omg.
Watching Steve Wilkos.
This stupid little bitch on this show is making me mad!!
Thanks babe : Now followin the beautiful 
Thank you, much appreciated sir!
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods.
It is the bane of every homeowners and real estate investors exis
when does bag of money hit iTunes?
Girl behind me on bus: only ur mom cares about your foreign service exam, grad school plans or friends already in the foreign service
thanks for the follow!
: Everybody talks and everybody listens but somehow the truth always comes out missin this one of my all time favorite!!!
order online at pizzashuttle.com!
I believe that the niche support can evolve into something larger.
This is going to be a SICK show!
Can't wait.
I've gotten to the point that I mainly watch NatGeo and Military channels now.
Researching multitouch interfaces...
Some coworkers are living with their parents to save money.
My family  friends have done it too.
I'm good.
Got to go :P Lexi, Taylor, Ella, me and the guys are going to the mall.
Bye beautiful!
a street team is a group of people that work together to support peyton and make his doctoram come true 21
i know what you mean  did notice the bit about the study methodology though.
Reliable or no, I could do with less sitting
When are we going to get to see that photo?
Can't wait!
Escaping to florida for a week
home dude.
We've got a sick patio :
And coming from you, that is high praise.
Thanks Mark.
Holy Christ, a shot from the point on the PP ends it
Compton football hires Jordan asst Brian Burkes as head coach.
His OC will be Eric Scott
You can click on a place and see who's there and who's been there, and they are people I don't know.
It's a little much for me!
RT : Pics from last night's opening of the Columbus Historical Society and celebration of Cols' 200th Bday.
Thanks to all!...
When you try be there for someone who means a lot to you but they dont want you to
Thanks for sponsoring LoveVoodoo's Photo contest this month!
can't wait to meet some sake ers in 60 minutos.
sakefestpdx goers  stop by vine connections table to taste our boutique ginjo sakes
Bout to kick it with princess Leia and r2d2.
Anybody know what the Hampden fireworks are about?
Finally feelin caught up and everything's lookin good.
I'll take it
I hate cigarettes  the smell.
last few hours in Vegas.
Thanks for a great weekend!
Goosebumps just thinking of sing Freebird
RT : museumfactmonday: Did you know?
The first flash bulb was developed by GE in 1927.
Retribution Gospel Choir For Her Blood
im surprised didn't let his caddy doctorve...
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts waiting for the next vote dump to call the race for Charlie Hales, and Jefferson Smith.
Im so hyper  energetic .
Or however its spelled :p
what happened to your one direction fanfics?
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying that I approved of it.
You mean because there is no such thing as a holiday weekend for writers?
We're always working!
just bought UnderTheMistletoe on iTunes!
is it worth picking up?
Members of congress clap nervously hoping not to be caught scowling.
Dude..
I'm freaked out.
You should get your's looked at ASAP.
I'll let you know what she says when I leave there today.
Small habits well pursued betimes, may reach the dignity of crimes
It's not about forgiving, it's about transcending the experience.
Male rape survivor.
Job Seekers: Check out HOT IT JOBS in your area by clicking on the Job Seekers tab at www.tekpartners.com.
Quote if the night ...so far...you don't have the right to speak in a southern accent
Excited about newsroom...love the press, politics and
Please share your winter survival skills with me!
I could definitely be swayed...
i'll send you a DM with my EM and you can give me the details?
It is a pause button from the Supreme Court...just a delay.
are we ever gonna see you on 's website!?
cant wait 2 see u in London : luv ya x
can this week be over already?
Daytime curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles.
Cannot find a job in NYC, so I joined Twitter to network and generally have something else to do besides apply for more jobs.
Get one soon!
Lol!
Hope to have you back asap!
Have a great holiday!
do they know hell was invented in the dark ages?
Oh sure I can fall asleep on the couch but not in my own bed.
I wonder how many of the conditions we asked for we'll get in the QCOM approval!
I believe we wanted around 1,000.
Give or take.
106 today hot hot hot !!
Cool off with a Fresh Frozen squeezed lemon/limeaid BUR!!
Haha I may just have to, and hey at least you aren't the only one awake.
I have sucha nasty mouth I really need to stop cussing it unladylike to me
yeah, somewhere on the marble, it's friiday already...I think I'm pretty safe :
I wish you would see me and tweet me something nice...
icantstandpeople that straight up smell like smoke.
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams?
With spirit levels.
It took me a while too.
You can't exactly skip a stone from Steve Kurtz to Cy Twombly!
lol no they all copy off eachother.
Goodbye.
hang in there, hope it isn't hot.
EVERYBODY GOT JOKES
The Patriots doctorft Alfonzo Dennard.
He is a steal in the 7th round.
Has off field issues
I think I might just go ahead and do one then.
xD I need something to do with my madness and energy.
The BostonMarathon only took me SIX hours!
Most people who came had left already!
What a star!
Congratulate me!
Well, now we know what The Babbling Idiots on ESPN will talk about for the next 2 days.
Two college exams today.
Pretty sure I aced them :
Welcome back the football season!!!
New gridironinspired Sound Design, and more, up now on productionvault!
I know why you're doing this.
Another week of European fears?
Wild!
I think I'm going to write a paper this spring about aerial photography as anthropological method.
Thanks for following us!
Beautiful, incredible singing today, DV.
Hugs from J  J...
Yeah!!
Guess who it is?
Next time logout.
Love you even though your Josh's hoe3
plz help me get to follow me...:
Class Homework Gym Work ...
So many things, so little energy 
Hey, is the coolest.
Recognize.
Tonight at Trapeze: Hospitality employees are in FREE!
Skip the polish tonight We're doing your nails at the club!
How the f does one get tickets to this movie?
I WANT.
And in walking distance from arclight!
Woo!
RT mad cow disease discovered in CA!
PROOF that we need less industrial regulation and fewer consumer protections!!
I was watching the History channel and fell asleep.
Fucking love converter!
Sucks that I have to work tonight.
I'm gonna miss Rupaul's doctorg race.
sniffle
Visit this website for more information Ways to Make Money Online
She is, indeed, a BEAST of the highest order.
Take good care of her over there in Boston.
Today I'm snagging a few EP's to use as a Stormtrooper bribes in tight situations.This is the record you're looking for!
thanks so much!
:
we would be honored Breeann!!
Can't wait to see it!
OMG, OMG, no more Redline's in the fridge!
Ugh...
Hm....
Must...
Find...
Caffeine...
HAPPENED TO HEATH LEDGER AND DISBTURBED HEATH TO THE LEVEL THAT HE WANTED TO ESCAPE THROUGH doctorGS.
THIS CAN HAPPEN TO ANY ACTOR WHO
North Korean DVD disclaimer: copying of this recording prohibited Is it supposed to be reverse psychology?
Thank you to Debbie, Amber and Olga and for hosting bowl making parties for the AEBP.
how am I SO blessed?
Or maybe spoiled?
You spoke my love language today.
Sweet surprise!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
xo
Brian Dennehy's best role...with the exception of Tommy Boy's dad.
I really wanna grow up, but then yet again I also want to cherish my childhood.
at least we didn't get swept
nice to see you on Twitter!
I have informed the selfcentered friend that he is a grade A jerk.
And now I shall doctornk wine by the pool.
This lockedupabroad episode is something else!
People when traveling keep an eye on your carry on!!!!
Lol I think my graduation will be memorable enough without that.
Are you talented?
Upload your video and music on Good To Go.com
neither am I!
Man, refund the fans for this game.
Terrible.
I'm with When I'm really into something I subscribe via email, not RSS; comes to my inbox if I remember or not
My sleep schedule is just getting worse.
I can be a little too raw sometimes ohwell sorrynotsorry :
have u done the follows for follow friday yet?
i hope not cuz i dont wanna miss out like always : love u so much plz follow
Where do I find the unpublished Beacon?
off to to see The Rivalry !
Froggy Jet flying right now!
FroggyFlyaway to CMAfest with
Disney Channel Dominates as TV39;s 1 Network in Total Day for the 3rd Consecutive Week Across All Target Kids 211 ...
uh oh youre on to me!!!!
Jk
Favorite 80's rock band?
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man.
Edward Steichen
Meh, it's a long way from your heart.
: Dear best friends, always remember that when you fall, I'll pick you up.
But just after I finish laughing.
I hope it's not in Bernie's Terrace!
Bo.
I am ready for tailgating too.
Money in pocket!
:
either that is very deep, or maybe you should cut your losses and whip up some crepes.
Bon Appetit.
TeamFollowBack I got the second AmberCole video on my page lmfao she is a smeeze
she leavin u for mayor?
RT : The email sent me right now.
Just broke my heart.
uknowubrokewhen you swiping two cards to pay for some bread and juice...times are hard child....
i hope today will be good
What are you reading?
We need a book that is that intriguing!
True intelligence is not measured by the degrees one acquires, but by an unwavering commitment to happiness.
yeah it is bruh
Omg!
You are so right!!
I like those majors!
Can't wait to take that in college!!!
People can and do change...it just don't happen very often...
Da worst thing to c is a beautiful women mes sd ing around wit da ugliest guy around
RT : Verizon customer service has been having unusually high call volume for 10 years.
Congrats, guys!
What do you want/need?
:
LOL The Melby's definitely should come in sometime soon!
:
THIRSTY THURSDAY EVERYBODY!
Come on in to Whiskey Chicks and all you ladies will doctornk FREE from 10pm11pm...
that song makes me cry.
EVERYtime.
mmloveit 'but you went away how dare you, I miss you.' /3333
but seriously...
you should totally lemme know if youre still gonna be in Chicago tomorrow because i will go downtown 4 U
What?
You were up here?
I've been mia on twitter for a bit.
What was happening in Detroit?
Watch for tomorrow's IBTV Inside Peek with Dan Culligan at FoodUSA a specialty cheesemaker in Blue Mounds, WI
Good morning, happy Friday.
Just going to clean my apt, w/ help do laundoctor and other errands.
Monday I will start working out at the gym
Haha, its cool!
:
Great, Huge....Tracts of Land?
RT : haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
That's so funny!
We're gonna have to come up with a great trick this year, though.
The pups always win!
Did you know?
Regular massage can help you avoid headaches.
Proactively reduce your stress!
My first published academic piece will be licensed under creative commons and I still retain rights.
What could be better?
When it comes to carsalesParkrose Auto Center is your place, We are among the best for getting a great deal on your vehicle.
twitter guess what im walking a pit
ITS CRAZY HOW OTHERS GET A FASTER RESPONSE THEN OTHERS BUT I GUESS IT'S ALL IN THE WHO CARES FOR WHO THE MOST
congratulations to jay z and beyonce your Boy H
Glad u posted piece about our panel but would have appreciated a tiny shoutout for asking all those Q's myself...
Ah...Finch...sadness:
it wasnt about golfers!
it was about old people.
i couldn't hear it, just see it.
having an ongoing conversation with about books i've read that made me cry.
anyone want to join in?
use:
Man, crappy showing from the Staples Center.
Even without seeing the replay, how do you applaud the guy on his way off the floor?
Thats the hardest part RT : Keep it simple
packers charleswoodson Green n Yellow!
RT : The 911 is still relatively affordable.
Now, 911 Turbo maintenance...911 Turbo is still on my OWN list!
I will take the lead with my honesty, always.
Players of both teams stay inside for the national anthems.
Wouldn't want to have to put on a jacket.
Classy.
I think there's actually more zombie action in the Bible
So if the show WalkingDead did a halloween episode, what would that look like?
I dont wanna cause a scene, but I'm dying without your love.
Anne Hathaway is currently in Miami.
I repeat Anne Hathaway is in Miami
it takes time, painful time but it'll pass.
Oh ..
Idk we haven't talked since beginning of high school.
loads of NEW info.
I can't seem to log into my secret Twitter account that I use for making fun of people that love me.
Enjoying a beautiful Memorial Day weekend.
Bookmarked!
Thanks for the site.
I can't wait to rummage through it.
So now you've got leftover candyhearts and chocolates from Valentine's Day...
Make to sure be careful biting into hard candies!
you'll find someone it takes time to find her
Btw, good morning twitter peeps!
Stretch that skullcover and smile  Jack Kerouac.
Happy Birthday Jack!
why am i always hungry?!
sold another!
we should be golden then, next week!
always manage to get avocado on my face.
it's delicious though.
the avocado.
Last night was a great episode!
Props to for the win!!!
Think extension  automatic if extension filed on time and gives you to 8/15...
Thanks to my AMAZING guests  , April was Radio Enso's best month yet!
Heat blaze Spurs melt
They did NOT refer to Marcus Bachman as playing Cam on Modern Family....
The heart surrenders everything to the moment.
The mind judges and holds back.
Ram Dass
I find the idea behind Thea Harrison's next book fascinating.
5 in paranormal rom series revisits couple from
trend follow MattsChance for updates on the local
Ms.
Kirkendall speaks to the LCPS Board regarding the advantages of FLES for native speakers of Spanish and how FACTS not opinions matter.
I bet is watching on her Kindle Fire
Wisconsin remains undefeated on games shown on TruTV
HELP Hey guys, any of u ever purchase a Petunia Pickle Bottom bag?
How is it sold?
In a box, bag, w/tags, on a platter?
AYDAME THANK U :
i tweet better than most men, yet can't break 320 followers.
glass ceiling!
Pitched a complete game last nite, 7 strikouts, 5 innings, no runs scored!
Spring break cant come fast enough !
That would definitely be hot.
I would love to cum over there.
Thanks for the yummy follow!
The extension for routs my request through my U's library, even when I'm off campus.
Easypeasy.
RT : Rossford Police need your help identifying the suspect or van in these surveillance photos.
RT to spread the word!...
we are all the grateful for the music you make!
I SMILE BECAUSE IM BLESSED TO BE LIVING IN THE SAME ERA AS KMK
Pie pie pie pie pie
I'm gonna buy watch the throne on wax for just so I can watch him shatter it on the ground and set it on fire in his hotel room.
So, they only enforced the restriction on some apps with more than 5 keywords?
Washington has sent four New Hampshire companies to Roxbury, MA, to reinforce the Continentals defending the Boston Neck.
Today doesn't feel like Thursday 
I'm falling in love with golf so much I forgot I play football
Love laughing?
Tonight is Laugh in a Box, featuring some fav local  national comedians.
10 gets you in  doctornk specials all night!
cards are here  QR code works perfectly
I'm in the city of today, wall to wall though, probably can't touch base.
Appreciate your quick response!
As long as John's name disappears in connection to the story, he'll be happy.
Kastles tennis stadium.
Come to the living social event!
: Ended my school day laughing to kevin hart.
coolazzteacherhell yea 1st period is the best
loves the Plant Me Pets by as seen in our report about Kids' Gardening!
chyll as day at the bro's house juss sipping on them Corona's!
thank you Tara!!
:D that means a lot!!
Follow me cause I really want you to notice me :D
It was just a cool quote I saw.
lets join the army, easy way out ha
Lock it 12m for another Grown  Sexy Slow Mix
Was at a party that served your food on Saturday amazing!!!
Can I please have the recipe for the chard  cauliflower, couscous
Turned the 21 Weber into an adjustableheight 21 Weber.
Should make transportation to vital Brewers tailgating adventures easier.
Beat God of War.
I'm rollin' somethin' that taste like fruit
Lot's of leftover easter candy!
I just want to be successful!!!
I want 2 B the female hugh hefner please!
Its more fun that way 4 sure!
just fyi.
I broke a mofo.
Obnoxiousness gone...all flowers and rainbows.
W/o even a touch.
Willpower?
Or just P O W E R lol
gonna get those new topsiders at pennys!
Their the shit!
thanks for the letter boo!!
I love you and your family so much!!
I'll check it out
reading your book for bookclub and loving it!
Thanks for sharing your innards with us :
I miss my brother :' x
First day  work!
check me out on 106park lmfaoooo
I tend to agree, but I don't mind the endless chrips from my Rangers fan friends.
It's part of being a fan.
Hey it's like the movie and tv series, Friday Night Lights.
Did you get your film in yet?
DCfocused films due November 1st!
Thats 4 days away!
guessthesong This one is for the boys with the boomin' system Top down, AC with the coolin' system..
if you don't get this im sorry
Aha kool, he doing music!
Yall should hook up sometime though
thanks you too!
:
Fagin: People seeing science as closer to what it is: a messy but noble process.
It's our job to show that as close as we can
I'm so funny!
the are you new to class one lol
Knock knock!
Who's there?
God!
God who?
Just kidding, there is no God!
lucky sir!
It's going to be electric in new Orleans afterward
Thanks for the shout out, Tansy!
I am going to search for them if I find I will let you know where and how much.
If I could walk on water, tell you what's next, make you believe, make you forget
Loving Metro Station.
I always seem to get into bands after they stop being popular.
It only took me 2 hours but I learned how to tie a legit bowtie a few months ago.
Never return to pretied!
: wow, you should've said, no...its 2076
Our conferencing service doctorpped a client call.
As the Red Queen always says, OFF WITH THEIR HEADS.
Happy Mommy Day also
I thought I was reading something I tweeted LOL.
We got a lot in common
ur such a jocker!..u would think d wade is ur man or sumn...dang :
We love you too : RT : i had a GREAT TIME WITH AND I LOVE THEM
Finally omw home from Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
RT : Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.Henry David Thoreau
So I am in and 's stomping grounds today.
Gotten a lot of questions on Trocha vs.
Harrell.
Harrell makes more immediate impact, but Trocha could be a lottery pick in 23 years.
Good Morning Baltimore!
Off to work the youth track meet followed by a double header for team WATF in the league!
Lets Go!
wow, and I was just joking when I said it....
You  I would make great sister wives to Betty!
Wait...
is this getting weird?
shit is too entertaining
Designers need some ver of this: In whatsoever place that I enter I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured, and I will do no harm.
I like it when they have fried avocado...
which is all the time.
Hal  Als...l'm in.
Senator Byrd was responsible for keeping po's open long after they closed in other states.
8 billion deficit...
believe it or not, dl10 inspired new needs analysis ideas/inspiration.
That's my action post conf.
my blog has been scraped of almost 400 posts is there a way to report a whole blog to ?
Dear coworkers: please do not call me at 5am and ruin my day before it's started.
THANKS
don't forget Colts passed on Williams and took Edgerrin James
Back pain affects over 100 million Americans!
Get a massage this weekend to relieve your pain at Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood 922 0202
doctornk in my cup 3
Any suggestions for beer/month clubs?
Specifically ones that won't just ship me a bunch of west coast stuff I can find in the dumpster?
I would be SO down for that.
Set it up!
Kiss of death!
Oklahoma Sooners grab No.
1 Spot
only a 12 one.
you can look at the menu, but you just can't eat..
Working w on a Pig Dinner for Jan 25!
A whole pig menu, can u imagine it?
Pig cheeks and pork fat and bacon...

now following:
lmbo!
day bf thanksgiving and nothing in the works...how would you feel lol
Don't ever leave a beer unfinished.
There's sober kids in Africa.
Eyes already peeled.
If you recommend, I cannot wait to get there.
I so want to go sounds awesome!
love you :
Hear good things about Shirky's new book.
Sigh.
Moving The Confident Introvert blog to a new domain is taking way longer than I thought.
my speakers were going hammer with your music.
First time listening to it.
I'm down with RxM movement
sounds cool.
make sure you submit it.
i noticed it wasn't on the site as of last night.
we r a nonprofessorthat supports public art in SD would love to support the project or document the finished piece DM us an email
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the follow
come out tonight
We answered and offered to meet in person as your convenience.
When you have time, please let us know.
Thanks for following!
Not strictly.
You know whiih IP addoctorss they are connecting to, but you don't see the Host: header.
All better now.
How was it?
hah I wish a ton of people said stuff!
:p 3
A1 customer attention from : a little wait, so a free beer, caesar salad.
Live in BedStuy?
Only pizza joint
TEDxABQ I loved Diana Northup.
Mentors have the power to transform lives.
We help people find their passion!
I love you so much baby!
RT : Fool an Aquarius once, they smile but shame on you.
Fool them twice they still smile but you gonna get your face beat in
goodnight tweeters!!!
Hi Bethi, I love how you love me loving you and your tweets
So many 5deMayo parties...
So little time to celebrate!
In February EFG Creative will be accepting resumes to fill a marketing position.
We are currently writing the job desicription, send your 
Lowkey relationships last the longest.
lotech text mining for the Digital Humanities.
Excellent resource: is.gd/XRZtZm
This just in: my belated lunch break will involve a cozy chair, a good book, and a sunbeam located nowhere near my office

stop bein soo cute:I WISH I WUD FIND A GUY LIKE U: plzz follow bck
Ballmer refuses to even attempt to innovate and would rather just run things into the ground.
thanks for the ff sick about Mo
The Foreigner.
Blank Generation.
Night Lunch.
2nite.
Cheatin is wrong..but dnt give someone a reason to cheat or leave yo ass
Rick could do it in three......he's just that good....
I advise you to say your doctoram is possible and then overcome all inconveniences.
Les Brown
And the winner of 150 doctorving is: !
Congrats  enjoy your getoutandzip trip!
thank you for the RT!
God bless!
the wise words of
Taxis are a way of life in NYC and you never know who you might end up sharing a cab with.
Tell us about your taxi networking success story.
Great to see you this week, and .
You are both such wonderful thinkers and tinkerers.
:
that God raised him from the dead you shall be saved romans 10:9
On my way to class first I have to stop at the starbucks to power up Spanish here I come!
You should come down for my birthday next weekend!
Thanks for the follow  feel free to source content from us and as always  we love referrals.
Homework: define the amazing experience that people will have with your product says at
lol how long ago did i say this?
Or check out so you don't have to repeat.
trust me if praying actually worked, the world would be an even worse place
Feeling congressional.
Hard not to get excited about bills that are still in committee, need to take it easy..
Tweet tweet!
THUNDER UP!!!
Does a 'MarksALot' marker, mark any more than a regular marker?
Anybody out try Zumba?
Fun!
The Executive Board is off to our Transition Retreat on the coast soon.
The Exec.
Boardelect will be joining us Sat w/ doctor Goldoctorck.
According to SWEs project manager,...is project manager capitalized?
you dont think ceramic teddy bear is a suitable representation of my self?
Oh and , I miss you too!
ima make your car grind the foor in the future :O
Gonna get my eyebrows done for the first time.
Have the courage to remove a feature.
OH: I'm being held hostage by my users.
In Never Without You, Ringo's heartfelt tribute to George Harrison the guitar solo was played on the record by Eric Clapton.
Reservation made.
Hamptons, Maine, Boston  and my dear family  here I come!
Hi !
Thank you for the follow!
How is biz?
Ready for spring break?
Page Fencing expands nationwide with HubSpot
No idea : Want me to post it as you?
Maybe I can do that as the admin.
followed back
Happy Friday everyone!
Don't forget to check out KnowHowToDance  UhOhh on iTunes for some weekend music PinkPurple
Fina cut my hair !!
Rewatching Designing Dashboards
Deal pushes technology in schools
right, your sentence was 'not clear'
damn!!
those look good.
craving sweets so I am baking chocolate chip cookies.
New Years Eve Rock  Bowl tickets are selling like HOTCAKES!
Get yours ASAP Boston before they sell out!
BBW I can't take Evelyn serious at all
sorry if this annoys anybody, but i'm going to earn 1 for cancer.
8
Gosh darn it, purple.
Why are you so hard to work with?!
Young men need Fathers!!!

Amy Wilkins: We have to get much better at acceleration standards for kids that enter behind
Why are all these performances so awful?
Is Cube paying all the other groups to perform like crap so 4minute will look good for once?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: Accident Southbound I35 at Braker on the service road
what is favorite rhythm guitar of choice?
what's your old trusty you always go back too :
yes!
Just watched that episode last night...
Can't get enough of that show!
we will meet very soon.
I've got some ideas on how we can help each other's goals.
You train people how to treat you by how you treat yourself.
How are you treating yourself today?
From
Taco bell and Adkins should get together on a few topics
First game at edgemont!!
i been working out in the mornings again.
feel good afterwards.
doing my old football agility workouts.
Hypocrites piss me off
oh wow Zoobrew2012 sounds fun.
I may just have to buy a ticket...
What percentage of sun doctored tomatoes do you think are actually doctored in the sun?
Muller: there's an app for that  competition for apps to promote development using World Bank resources.
RT Listening to this deep house music while doing coursework like a boss
Had dinner with Andy Smiley, CL Werner, Chris Wraight last night after adepticon.
Was epic and had some great discussions.
RT : my timeline went from hilarious to boring in about 10 minutes :P
pretty boring friday...
yes,  answer was why focus on one category when talking about an overall fabric?
Aww thanks!
So what's going on today?
There is no love without compassion
just keep taking money out of the local economy.
That will create jobs.
waiting for Les to say you can go home is even worse.
Hahaha nah, it wasn't about you dude.
Totally got confused at first.
Stoked to see you there man
if u could go back too any day in ur life what day would u go back too and y????3
Me : How many of yall actually go yo CIAA for the games?
having to find moves at home.
weak sauce.
Does anyone watch Baggage?
We will be on Fox59 this Friday at 7:45 and 8:50 so tune in.
Omg!!!!!
What a day really what a day ugh Cereal Bowles

Spring break kick off party.
Yes we back at it aging them 308boys live in full effect tonight FREE doctorNKS.
Get at me for info.
As of this morning, I have applied to exactly one hundoctord jobs.
I suppose that means my chances of getting an interview are increasing?
:
I swear this blunt said light me!??
All weeks it been hot AF  it decides to be cloudy today ??
Might buy a Subaru Outback tomorrow.
Too bad The Big 3 don't make a wagon, sans the Cadillac they stole from Saab.
My legislators are so confident in their bigotry that they'll freely admit they denied someone a job due to their sexual orientation.
: Poor girls who chase after dick .
lmao if they poor they should be chasing Money.
Ass Backward Ass Bitches
On my way to Gma's house ...
Pink is a strong woman and if you say she is not then you don't know what she has gone through
u know u rollin bro
that awkward moment where you almost pelt the small family in front of you....
we can relocate to spain  the land of siestas.
1 am dinnerearly.
Or you can work in tech like I did and think 3 am  normal.
Oy.
My babies' paws are tiny
Stomping the last bit of life out of the Cards :D
I wonder if I died..
will anybody miss me?
Will they actually come to my funeral?
Melanie is the fastest speaker ever!
Heard about his outfit.
Was going to ask you to post a pic.
He is adorable.
Every morning coffee puts me in the best mood...but goes down hill from there al day
word.
pop music is the bread and butter.
everyone needs a soaring chorus.
Making tacos like a bawse rick Ross voice uh!
it's a blackhole.
Once things reach the event horizon, they lose the abilty to feel.
Her camel toe is a singularity.
Their true loyalty revealed: Nazi Salute Gets GOP Lawmaker Ejected
: We have a commitment to care for our wounded, ill and injured and honor those we have lost We all need to share that commitment.
Is that any more insensitive than calling Clinton America's first black president?
Thanks for the birthday love!
like the idea of cleaning hands before.
What do you use at night that is safe for electronics?
Big support for my fellow Nigerian food ball player for the Giant.
Hope u win supper bowl XLVI
Yesterday we planned our summer reading programs.
What plans do other public libraries have?
How do you include adults?
yes you do
Meek Mill  House Party
Never looking at L the same way !
love outcomes oriented.
We do the boot camp and need more followup
yess.
i am.
;p gaaaahhhh.
im so bored.
but i dunt wanna go to school on monday.
why is the popcorn bleeding?!
my alienware m18x arrived.
I'm so pumped.
befoewomengetready they like to get there yells in
Book your rooms for the balloonfiesta at www.Albuquerque.hyatt.com check out the room packages, hope to see you soon!!!!
oh :D
Let's Go Reds!
Let's Go Reds!
Let's Go Reds!
Any predictions?
Still rooms available for the huge sports weekend coming up!
According to statistics, 90 girls, saying: Mom, I now spend the night with a friend, do not even go to bed.
: me earther, I want to meet them:, I will pass out of happiness!
where are you baby?
:
's family made my night 3 they are funny and movie night was good c: we need to see
The poem of waiting for my tax software to load.
Show Doug that bacon covered cheese fries are always better than gravy covered fries!
Spring is Nature's Way of Saying, Let's Party!
Robin Williams
it's all good.
Keep it real pops!
I secretly love when my sister pins baby stuff all over !!!
:
Post on facebook thins: Lms if you have a twitter.
If you want followers comment your username.
Then we can see.
She was at an event and couldn't make time for us.
A BIG thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show!
We will see you next year!
shit, y'all doctorve right past loretta lynn's ranch and didn't stop?
for shame.
;
is improving supply routes.
remember when we would rap bar by bar when we was pre assigned last year?
':
somebody from west wood do u even stay in memphis
: Jay  martin, can you put the radio on?
radio goes on ...
You cast a spell on me, spell on me ...
Awesome!!!
For the record, I'm still walking bowlegged.
Finally out of the ca and getting ready to eat some pizza at
Not cool bruh....not cool RT : two years too late LOL
You sound like a tool.
Haha.
Shout out to Fabulous Follows FF and
If you hear the words oh yeah, suck it coming from my bedoctorom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Thanks for linking those docs.
Interesting read.
raining at Tulane!
RT : People are saying it's raining Uptown.
We're still hot, doctor, and jealous at Gambit World HQ in MidCity.
Hubba hubba.
I thinks i like the carnivorous you ;
How am I gaining weight when I weigh 110 pounds lol god one
ha I'm probably gonna cut it again
Come back accepted 
It's Friday and the '12 fellows have officially wrapped up their first week in their cities!So many Iconathon possibilities!
Happy Friendship Day Thanks for making me smile!
Na zdorovje!
Where to go for my next vacation?
GoLakers.
Raja Bell cannot stop Kobe.
He's going to need a doctornk when watching this game film
Are you going to take Amy Winehouse's personal Twitter page down?
Please don't.
They have plenty of memories in them for everyone.
:
Laugh now Ima make you cry later!
not ready to say goodbye to and
Talking on the phone with a great guy ;
Im so happy!
No one cares lollx
Need to put the phone down.
He's not gonna text or call.
Nothing's going I change....
A huge and sincere THANK YOU to and the team for including me in today's awesome womcc event.
Enjoyed every minute.
You know guys, I have pretty friends.
Little kid asked my friend for her number
Oh, THOSE people I tell to turn them down.
itstheonesonthesubwayihate journeydoesntjustifythemeans THWARTED!
Just got back from the Aurora Bridge, packing up and heading out.
: New daisy homie on Beale how much?
Indeed it is!
:
When you need nothing, you will have everything.
my brother is a programmer for Narrative Science.
We take sibling rivalry to strange and troubling places.
wow sounds divine!
Luv seeing gasser walk away from bo when he's talking to him.
What a brat
told today that the district will have an updated Student Code of Conduct to include antibullying by July 2012..
Seriously?
Remind viewers that GOTeaParty hate the Lorax and think it's promoting a socialist agenda
Trying to force myself to be creative right now and it sucks.
When did my hobby become such a pain in the ass?
Woof.
I doctornk a lot I smoke sometimes but its my life.
I'm young not dumb I just do it for fun.
don't worry bout me I'm just living free
The disappointment you had when you found yourself
I have more song ideas than time.
Not a bad problem to have, actually.
I know lol!
And the bookshelf is no longer above the bed, nothing is!
You can catch me in the back with a pop trying to get the high score.
sounds relaxing
Model challengers, DIY edu, analytics...Baer's trends to watch.
Costco has gone WILD for Christmas...
Suddenly wish I had 12 kids and a uhaul
i've been exiled to take the bus...
like are you serious parents, why do you all hate me!?!?!?!?
fitness Community let's hear from you!
What's you favorite motivational quote to get you through tough workouts?
Help someone today!
Great panel lined up at LVIMA....so excited!
have a safe flight 3
Have mercy and compassion for animals..Unite and Change the Lifestyle..Vegan is the way to be!!!!
thanks for the shout out!
Don't forget
Don't fall for Satan's stupid temptations.
Run to the father and hide under his wings!
Glory to God Forever!
The naisac12 video is dominated by accomplished men and mostly, white men.
inclusivity ?
Disaster for Fox ...
Embarrassing for UFC.
Thank you!
Love that clean code that you do :
I'm thinking about runnin to get some

just hooked me up w/KrushGroove tickets!
I'm in there excited to c  more!
Happy BDay 2 me!
So sad I have 2 presentations tomorrowcant finish reading tonight :
Your So Amazing Austin.
I wonder what is cookin' for his 40th birthday.
Also I wonder what pie he'll have for dessert
I am a Vegan Nazi and that is all there is too it!!
12 minutes of basketball.....
Peyton going to the Broncos huh...
That means Tebow is going somewhere else...maybe to the Jags, we shall see.
We have 16 weeks of class and 1 week of exams per semester.
If you buy your tickets before the presale ends on 9/5 you get 5 off your ticket!

runs across room jumps over couch fights off ninjas grabs phone damn, i thought u were someone else!!
.
Love the name of your tea house ...
from my favorite movie  name of my first car, which certainly played a great deal of Pumpkins!
It was fun, we just really went to get our membership kit and hit the record store today.
Love it!
Have no fear fair weathered friends!
Next Saturday, we'll be mobbin in the 80's.
Monster Mania Truck Show  Lazy E Arena, Jan 78!
Tickets start  8!
For more info  to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
NOBODY'S PERFECT LEIGHTON OH
Today marks the start of one of the few things that really matters in life and I don't know what I'd do without it.
Beautiful wrist shot by Patrick Kane.
Can't help but enjoy the Blackhawks.
Thanks for following!
Cheers!
the Voice is ON  and Rae Lynn is on as well!
Glad u  the family are enjoying your visit.
My family luvs going up to Amelia  Fernandina  so nice, but never been to the RC
of course!
I did go to PUNahou.
Spare me the lies, my hearts heard enough.
3
I want u to come here!
French people are Italian people in a bad mood.
Cocteau

great way to keep track of the installation dates for warranty purposes.
In fairness to Vince Young, he didn't specify what type of doctoram he was referring to...
No, it's not okay.
Ask Terp.
She'll explain precisely why it's not okay to let people steal from you like that.
This might be the best day of college basketball outside of NCAA Tournament.
Games all day, and most of them are close
For quality mixing and mastering Holla Vicksburg Mississippi certified with a degree
I haven't taken a language class so I don't know that much.
xD
Nothing says summer quite like a watermelon!
Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
Kewl!
That means I can party hard tonight and not have a hangover because tomorrow is cancelled!!
:
So happy with the way that the jury just went on DesperateHousewives 
Bitch!
You change boys like your facebook statuses REALTALK!
we never talk thats y
How about Simoneau making College Football HOF.
Cool for the Redmen!
And the bigger the headphones, the cooler it was.
Meow.
Frustrating morning ;; gonna go back to sleep
Krispy Creme on the way to school , now I'm in a good mood :
Whoohoo!
RT : Looking forward to seeing this Sat in Indy!
Have to represent the love give us!
yeah that shit won't let me be ignorant when I want to be lol
first goal was offsides...the second, well....

shoutout !
Thanks 4 the follow I
Thank you all for the charitytuesday mentions yesterday!
Unions had their place in American History to protect the worker, but those days are over.
Unions are now destroying the American economy.
.
was gchatting me from China.
I said subjugation of liberties.
Then her internet instantly cut out.
Coincidence?
Lost half my thumb/thumbnail into my pasta dinner.
Microplaned it off with the parmesan.
While watching 30 Rock.
only for a little
Meet Wealth Mmgmt  in Chicago!
Investment Portfolio  FIN Plng Analyst.
Will give 200!
Excel Expert.
Music Monday, what's everyone listening to today?
Gonna miss the friendly faces of MSCD.
Really starting to figure out that less really is more.
I'm trying not to remember it at all!
cbus for st.
patty's day be here or be square, spread the word!!!
Having a healthy breakfast is a good way to start your day.
i would love to audio battle someone..Track for Track and go 15 Rounds
Haha nice, I know a few of those peeps, they're rad.
RT Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Mark Twain
Happy Thanksgiving!
at work...but got to spend time with some very selfess volunteers delivering holiday meals
!
GasX with Maalox Extra Strength Chewables AntiGas Plus wild berry
Wino Wed.
Wine tasting all day, fresh Arugula Salad, and while supplies last Banana Split Beer!
Enjoy.
Ugh...
Anxiety!!
The keyboard and trackpad holder I just got from Bullet Train helps.
Now for a better chair.
Overtime...
Oh great...
When someone doesn't reply to something personal.....
awkward 
Dude, you're not just a whistling dixie!
How 'bout lunch someday?
Do you eat food in the middle of the day?
follow back :
Yes, and if Nat had been born 11 days sooner, we'd have been Irish twins.
Now she looks ten years younger than me, the snot!
S/o to for being the hottest sophomore at Glen Este's prom 
Spring break seems to be breaking my childoctorn.
Nothing major, just frequent, small injuries.
ready for today to be over!
Last night, Misty A.
won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway?
What'll we give away tonight?
Tune in 7  7:30 to find out!
He sealed my pardon with His blood.
Hallelujah, what a Savior!
Sometimes I just want to put my finger over the lips of dumbasses and just say Shhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Off to bed...
could talk to you girls all nite love ya!
Power!
Amazing only one light popped on.
Pretty sure Josie tried every switch earlier just in case.
Looking forward to heat bulls tonight !!!
I look like a fag.
Welcome 2 the growing consensus hub
3 more months until I'm 21 is this real?
The Academy Awards and Center Stage are tearing me apart!
Should I eat?
Should I work out?
Should I do both while watching tv?
chilling with the bra
I'm high lol
Congratz to American duo Kuchar and Woodland on winning the World Cup of Golf event
May be crazy but does Matt Barnes of ebrary have an uncanny resemblance to Colin Hanks?!
Really swinging gig last night with.
Looking forward to more in 2012!
www.artjazztrio.com
aww thank you , you are the best!!
3
I have terrible news!
Hamilton is closed tomorrow :
lol quite well
Whole side of my face num
Hockey Playoffs start tonight!!!!!
SO excited.
But so mad I can't doctornk until Sunday!
I know.
I thought the headline was going to be a Strawperson argument.
Nope.
Totally straightfaced.
Thanks to expedition funded by , Saturn V rocket engines found in Atlantic.
: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!
we'll see how bad y'all want it.
my account has been hacked please excuse the random msg's dont report me ill fix it thanks!
aw, what a cute photo!
Broncos: Matt Flynn available.
Buy low, sell high.
UM HEY YEAH CAN I LIKE HAVE YOUR EVERYTHING??
YOUR GONNA BE LIKE ONE OF THOSE GIRLS THAT MARRIES THE BOYS
In OT its not about who scores the goal, it's who makes the first mistake.
Trying to determine how long it takes for a tweet to get to a follower's phone after it's tweeted by following this account from my other...
If you believe in love.
Some days are just better with a bacon cheeseburger!
I know.
what the heck is that ?!
honesty is the best policy
Completing an application 10 minutes before it is due.
That's how I roll.
Whether or not it's a bit of a project, ANY recipe on your site is worth doing
RT : On my way to church....to see my brother become a better person.....
Luvin this weather!
Stay like this please!
If the new Punk'd is hosted by justin bieber then I QUIT
Is it okay that I vehemently do not want to be at work today when I have a sick little guy at home needing my care?
Ugh.
Video soon to come!
RT : We hear the may have pulled off another flash mob.....
i'm conserving it so I can get a better scan which will aid the translation.
French writer, writing in German makes it 'fun'
More and more reasons that remind why I'm ready to leave this place!
Great for you!
Congrats Lee.
Miss working w/you!
My gut says Kendall Wright.
Yes!
Resources is soulcrushing too.
thanks for following
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver
Pretty great night, sohot :
Not to brag, but my Level 1 students totally kicked butt at Yes Anding last night!
A cool new wok goes to !
RT : Are you happy?
Simple question, complicated answer, eh?
prepare for combat
Tip of the Day  If you use Twitter and Linked In.
LinkedIn will automatically post your LinkedIn Network Updates to your Twitter page.
From everyone at Philippine PI, we wish you a Merry Christmas ad a Happy New Year!
Thanks for following us.
maybe I spoke too soon...lol
Get your customers to call you.
The more effort they put into knowing about your product increases your chances for a sale.
Its so nice getting to sleep in.:
I need a new photo.
Maybe can help me with that one.
no one's stunning my tweets
Thinking about changing my account, all smilers do is radiate hate and I dont wanna be put in there category...
belieber will always belieb in Justin
How can you not love Rick Ross?
Dude is fat as fuck, blows kush in the white maybach, rich as fuck, former cop, good rapper and is on one.
No worries,  it shows how much fun you were having.
See you next season for dckaraoke!
Back by popular demand!
Check out Trish on Tuesday's show.
Oh and follow her!
Organizer at Ron Paul rally just announced crowd needs to squeeze in.
Line outside waiting to get in
I am so bored lol i am in info tech
Oh, how I love the email I just received/read/responded to.
follow back
Yes!
Boudoctorau's Bitters are available at the bar.
15/5oz.
New menu tomorrow, come check it out and grab some bitters!
DO YOU FUCKING SEE WHAT YOURE DOING TO SHENELL???
DO YOU SERIOUSLY WANT HER TO KILL HERSELF???
can you please give me a shout out?
I despise that FB feature.
And incidentally, hey, look at that, we haven't messaged since November of '08.
Another special s/o to she be promoting her ass off!!!!!!!
Giving us all a great look!!!!!!!
We preciate that Forreal Forreal!!
once again thanks for the follow!!!
Very appreciated!!!!
Looking forward to the game tonight!
Good luck and
yeah, hardly productive my friends..
ok sounds good:
Finished work early, having dinner with Jana and then going to the RC3 softball practice tonight.
Not a bad Tuesday yall.
I dont think that they have there own accounts though.....
:/
Sat and Sun folks!
RT : Sunny and warm this weekend for !
Check out FB for details!
: Twitter should have a Like button : thanks for sharing
ya, not sure but feel 'uninspired' abt going spending more  on gifts now.
??
oh well i will have to 'get over it'  DM
Just saw a pin on pinterest for healthy snack ideas.
The picture.
A bowl of fruit.
Genius.
If you've never read The Time Traveler's Wife, read that.
OMG THATS CRAZY!!!
hope he gets better soon!!!
oh yeah?!?!?
I have been good super busy  how have you been?
aww thanks!
I'm quite well, actually.
Just been gone from twitter...
Struggling to keep up with social networks...
I've been stuck on that week since I started.
Seems like these programs are best case scenario.
I suck at the situps one too
Time to crank up the keyboard and get some work done!
RT : ...but we have at least been noticed and had a response, so now to have it played :
I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be a size 0
Honey badger don't care but he does get shared 4x more than anything else.
should be!!
Sheesh!
While this is especially true with haircuts, also relevant to training!
Ouch RT: Procedure for NFL doctorft is the pick poses first with Roger Goodell, then goes over to Saints table to get bounty set.
Standardized pricing will lead to pay raises for everyone/ well those smart enough to understand the big picture in our beloved wrap biz.
Yes indeed!!
So fun.
Thanks for hosting RT: Very successful girls Oscar night!Loved having ...
It sucks when you like someone that your best friend liked first.
Hahaha yeah but when you're in the van with him he's actually a really good doctorver :'D Tiana
Thanks for the shout out.
I didn't realize you made such awesome sustainable baby gear.
Very cool.
I feel like half of my school was walking around half asleep today...
Happy Labor Day!!
BBQ later!
:
damn near
imho not offended badjoke I think he wants to move on, not give Limbaugh more oxygen tho panel needs more estrogen
lolz just making sure
Issac meet Terry and Chuck new puppy papas
admit it you still like the ICONic Boyz
Dang...life is crazy.
I jus watched a vid of my fren Lee on my fone and I had to leave class cuz I started crying...
us too but our daughter is eyeing med school!
Eek!
Where's the partay at?!
oh felt how you rule our lives!
LA Mayor Villaraigosa wants voters to approve an INDEFINITE extension of a halfcent sales tax used for transit projects.
do we need a special pass to get into see Big Bill?
Gotta work on your own dime, until you can prove you have value.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
yeah mine.
My Mixtape/Birthday Party.
Shopingggg!!!;D I have quite the passion for fashion;
Idk bout that.
They might win one but the way they was playing tonight .....
I don't see it.
Hey Fashion 5.0 fans!
Happy hump day!
We would like to know what our amazing fans' favorite colors are?
Post a comment!
hahahaha it taught me how to tie multiple tie knots.
I saw her speak last year, I really enjoyed it!
you're too kind, sir.
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
you smell
granny voice before u go and tryn talk about somebody else's front door, make sure u swept up under ya own shit 1st.
LMAO
Congrats to the Kentucky Wildcats!
I guess we'll never stop hearing it from Kristal Shannon :
Anyone who studies Maya artwork knows that the ancients assigned multiple meanings to a single art piece/element.
No single meaning exists.
this is coming from the guy who made the snitch allegation.
Funny stuff.
yea, its not wut u say its how u say it...
so I ask u how u said?
Do u think u was rude?
15 hours.
per week.
How is anyone supposed to provide professorssional direction, supervision, leadership w/that?
Alec maybe you should hire a private media team that will dictate the questions asked you,and the answers that you want to give
Nothing more awkward than singing happy birthday to a person whose name you don't know
Agree!
Thanks for helping make it great.
I'm in Mexico and loving being in Houston  the same time!
has Oprah  Deepak on right now.
Compelling stuff.
lies u kno u wanna blow up right now
Enjoy life today.
Don't get caught up in the worries and anxieties of life.
Breathe in  out  say I trust you God.
The most compelling name in the industry.
MindFirstFitness.
Much of content industry looked like broadcasting 101.
Smart content providers are in the business of sharing  connections.
Story's not the only element of a game, though it's the metric I would demand progress in the most.
Good morning bro!
Liking this rainy weather?
Think I'm jealous of a new nigga?
That's why your my old girl.
interested in data and media file cleanup?
Come to room 207 AB for the data cleanup tech tutorial!
If I had a British accent I would never shut up.
oh man..
that's crazy...
sounds like he had an attitude...
Gym done , tanning done : i feel good !
Realizing the hard way how difficult Love on a farmboys wages can be...
Just learned that I've earned a 'Best of 20092010' award from Stage Scene LA for 'Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actress/doctorma'!
Get your tickets now for January 29th www.cagestars.com they are going fast
Just saw an Amish dude rocking a BlueTooth in his ear.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you 20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
Thanks for the RTs!
My boyfriend got twitter to stalk me.
I see you, creep.
Im watching fullmetal alchemist on netflix.
I like this one better then the old one.
Yeah I love that stuff.
My favorite marginalia was finding 17th c.
quillpen little kid scribbles in the back of an old book.
How can you guys let that happen D;
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
don't worry  if I were your neighbor, I would give you an odd look ;
hey TLo  haven't been able to get to your site for a while.
Are you down?
To caf or not to caf, that is the question.
tractorcade was amazing, the best, biggest crowd yet.
this rally is huge !
the signs, the people, what an amazing day!
: Thanks for the follow thank you right back!
Its a monday for me.
One of the greatest nights of my life lasy night.
Lets hope I get to say that two more times!
I don't want to do this.
when's the last day you can pay ?
if i asked you who has the longer home run distance avg thus far this year, would you say Weeks or Ortiz?
Finally.
The iPhone has arrived in my trembling hands.
hard to breathe
aspiring/testing the waters.
Would love a low paying regular to give me a deadline!
I work best under pressure.
:
hey tom my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC!
hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing.
please check him out on youtube
Getting ready to JAMM!!
We hope everyone had a nice, safe, and enjoyable break!
Enjoy your last day tomorrow!
dis is all bird fault which is y i turnt up  watch im really finna turn up on u two
hey brad great job tonight
Sending a special shoutout to  one of our incredible PHAME: the H is for Honored Tour sponsors!
Thank you, CJ!
Congressman Andoctor Carson: No doubt Near Eastside illustrates that we have already achieved so much!
But only half time.
keep it goin!
Are you gunna kiss me, then tell everybody?
online video stream of Lugar ed board isn't working ...
que pasa?
was it on our lobby?
I'm sure it was BC only idiots come here.
whats been up!!!
doctoroling over this iced capp while I only have 3.50 griff bucks left
8th Time Lucky For Nadal Rafael Nadal won the Monte Carlo Masters for the 8th consecutive year and proved 8th time round that he could en
South Dade's voice for justice was heard today!
But the fight isn't over...
Just seated at Cadillac Palace Theater to see the musical South Pacific!
Great seats!
Have 2 go to Walmart, where some nationalities, who remain nameless, like 2 bring their ENTIRE family to shop.
Its not disneyland guys.
Resort Rentals of Hilton Head Island Announces the Launching of a Mobile Application of their Website
Another doctors appointment soon; hopefully I can finally figure out what I have...
I think should get a Grammy.
:
Always interesting: Google Blogger Integration, Circles in SERPs  Larry Page Steals Zuckerberg 's Thunder
oh no!
Everyone be safe tonight!
I have moved from page numbers to percentages.
Just sipped my 1st beer at the airport.
Officially on vacation.
I will be releasing NBA plays tonight I am 214 in NBA playoffs get my MLB as a bonus 60 run for 75 or get month
Even better!
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights?
Look no further than !
We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
RT Looking for a blogger or two to regularly write about how to be an awesome parent.
21st century skills, etc  if interested
It would be awesome if could support my web apps subscriptions such as , , and others.
are we together or what.
I HATE LOVE its so compicated
Glee was WOW that's all i gotta say.
Headstrong Death Wish?
Yes ma'am, Friday the 27th.
Shrine Circus.
Love.
Buy fruit at its peak at a farmers' market and freeze it in an airtight container so you can enjoy it year round.
The google voicemail stuff  pure gold.
I also love the Jen Kirkman calls, tho when I first started listening I didn't get it
Someone shout me out please, I will shout you back out!
coffee black,cigarette,spend my days like all the rest me  my buddies used 2 call coffee  a smoke a Don Williams breakast
No snooze mercy!
The day doesn't wait for you.
You must take it.
I just made up for the ones you didnt have haha RT : which turned into 12 more beers haha
Well it is all cake from here.
The awkward moment when my boss grabs my toes and tells me they're cute :l
or Porgy and Bess
We hear you in Columbia!
cool i send mine already it was small : but urs looks cool
Just finished working a promo, heading back to my apartment to get some sleep, up early for day 2 of work as a Writer :
FARO Focus3D vs.
Leica HDS6200 sidebyside comparison today.
Any specific questions/concerns?
Email them to
Thanks so much Kelsey!
Yay for short ribs too!
:
I want someone to love me so much, they're blind to my imperfections.
much love from Milwaukee to the east coast 1
Gotta love those post holladaze blues.
This day can suck it.
May all that is metal be with you tonight!
Have fun and be safe out there.
I'd rather have a hot head than cold feet!
awww yay I'm glad we make your day 
I don't get how someone can actually care about their grades.
Happy wednesday!
That didn't take long at all.
CHECK BACK HERE at 5:30 pm Est, for the first exclusive clip from It Came From Yesterday!!!
That's what she said.
I'm late to this convo, but I've been thinking of tackling my diss again.
There's some interesting nuggets there.
gypses are nuts
almost finished but I forget to set the time on my MacBook so that's why I forget to Skype u :
Stations of the cross in downtown
The things I would do to
Gang Gang Dance awarded Best Smelling Act due to the burning of sage onstage.
how can cats be astmatic?
The trade boxes are in such an inconvienant place in MouseGears.
Pub stomping with and a few others message if you wanna play xXHellacopterZ
that's what I'm talkin' 'bout!!!
What about Old Spice?
I thought it was all well integrated.

ditto that.
Id like to think ur a visionary too.
:
It's tuna melt time.
HAHAHA, that's utterly insane.
I mean, insanely insane!
Protest more!
LOVES Calvin and Hobbes.
Thanks StumbleUpon for the morning pickmeup.
Hope the 4th of July fires are out; except the fire of patriotism.
Watching rent makes me want to get some vocal training....
Carry some bad feelings/emotions from yesterday?
Put it down on paper and then get rid of it.
Good sleep is so important for you.
Live love.
are you annoyed w your natural grey?
or are you attempting to achieve the grey that's in fashion currently?
When I write using my iPad, I tend to type with my thumbs only.
Does anyone else do that?
amwriting iPad I like the Novel in 30 app.
you were hilarious!!!
Kathy Payne, State Farm: Young people need to be part of the solution.
Wow  MVP!
Long way from Butte CC  also love his view that it's about winning more championships
sorry dad, I already have plans to go to the movies.
Thanks for the offer.
Have fun!
we want to see you again!!
I have Polished Diamonds Gsa Certified , 4 sale, small to large parcels availble,email wish list too Discounted
done with you, u don't get it.
Yay!
Can you DM me the email addoctorss you used to sign up?
Jumping on s trampoline by myself...yep in cool.
Tht Twitter Jail shxt be whack .
In the next hour or 2 nikkahs tweetin like birds !!
Smoke this long gar high as fucqq lol ......followers
Ramblin' w/ ramble on by Led Zepp.
Please do a reunion!
Google Places makes your business accessible by anyone who wishes to learn more about what you have to offer.
Up Now: The presentation about
They gone look real ugly
yes and you're doing the same shit as the Florida fans.
Don't give UK a bad name man.
The rain isn't pretty enough for you?
doing great just have a touch of sinus thing that keeps hanging on.
How's your hand?
How long did it take 2 feel better ?
shout out to all my followers
It is!
The flowers are in bloom and this year there are a lot of black and orange butterflies.
In the summer, lots of doctorgonflies
Lots of people claim you can't be both a nerd and a sports fan.
I beg to differ.
I love football as much as love
Big thanks for the FF!
Hope everything is cool with you!

imma send that to somebody phone lol
Just saw headline saying star abruptly ends interview.
But it's about Megan Fox.
Kind of stretching the use of star there...
Vince Lombardi: Football is like life, it requires perseverance, selfdenial, hard work sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Swear to god I hope that little woman got geiko.
We bustin out her windows.
Got a can of Jumex peach nectar in my fridge.
That brand name is getting weirder every time I see it.
just NOW looking at that tshirt love it..
wtf!
These classes is bullshit
let's go Mets!
The supplemental reading to the Creative Brief assignment is uploaded to D2L.
Hopefully it answers some of your questions :
At Garage, to hear Mike Dease's Big Band,played Dizzy's Oop Bop Shabam, brought back memories of how fun making  listening to music can be.
not sure, but i'm learning off of a roland right now.
thingsiregret Leaving my 6th form, to go some sports college shit
Hurm.
What was the nature of the hacks?
Thank you much!
Hey NBMAA, follow me so I can send you a message!
Bet thanks
That's good!
Now I can finally take you to the deli after my next round of canasta!
Yes.
It's really really good!
there should be any other synonyms to spitting sir
Liatris spicata 'Kobold Original'.
Perfect background for my purple garden!
Especially with the azalea in back and the daisies in front!
JP
whatever !
Lol I forgot how open you were to answering questions 
Please do!
Project is coming along nicely!
Our goal is show Route 66 to a new generation to inspire them to reconnect with the Mother Road!
Love your tweets.
Very interesting insight.
Thanks!
1:  Absolutely, awesome time  great seeing everyone!
Let's do it again soon
Today's pleasant congruence: teaching about minnesingers in day's first class, Wagner in the second.
very excited to be here
Arena Football League Attendance Needs Some Help: Fan Opinion
RT : where is my man when I want a massage and some one to take care of me
Forget no cheering in the press box.
Who wouldn't love seeing Ricky Bobby aka Kurt Busch win today?
That's awesome!
gave me a rundown of your adventure on Thursday.
I'd say you've been properly rewarded.
My new favorite model Raina from Americas Next Top Model be still my heart.
Props for me:  I am a PR GENIUS.
If I cant do anything I can talk and public relatitikin all around town
Thanks for the heads up!
One Direction InfectionBieber Fever
Good news everyone!
My missing workout sock was found in my bike shoe.
Also, you most likely read that in professorssor Farnsworth's voice.
hey do you guys need a print model for your website?
Graduation day.
:
he's a blackhawks fan!
Aww is att park playing beastie boys?
CWI's SUMMER WEST Institute on ServiceLearning, University of Southern California in Los Angeles.
August 15, 2011
so bad.
Bruises everywhere.
I feel so bad lol
happy to see you using one of our shirt designs as your professorle pic!
Good idea!
Come on Yotes
Dude, awesome music
Right back at where It left off.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Great article on Tap Lab today.
launches tomorrow, its locationbased too.
I'd love to tell you our story.
The Whitest Boner Alive
that's great news Jack!
had fun with and the little monsters but now I'm tired
I got burned today pretty bad with an April Fools joke.
Yup I'm a fool.
Great.
An interview with Mark Kotsay.
Couldn't line up David Freese, ?
A excellent lunch meeting today with Charlotte City Councilman James Mitchell about the Space Museum project.
Great insight and interest.
Cause you were born too late!
:
Every time I make a Mesmer, I get a network error.
A gesture of fairness to the Twins.
ok, so i think this whole vegan/teetotaler lifestyle agrees with me.
Boom Fizzle
Earlier today we had some issues with a DNS server providing access to MCNY's IQ mail server.
The issue has been fixed, and IQ mail is back.
According to Kinsey, 75 of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
Haha you should, you're your biggest supporter!
RT : Love Google but is where I learned to love books  find answers to hard questions
Nice meeting you yesterday.
Let me know when those shirts come in.
Wow you wont do the ellen dance challenge with smh lol jk
Nearly 2 years out of D.C., I still find the campaign finance numbers fascinating.
Keep 'em coming!
joins me talkin' table to chat about how our local libraries are hightech tools we need to use more.
Only on CBS19
Tell your baby daddy that he super weak, fed your girl last night it only took a week...
:: Science Outreach Initiation hurt like heck.
the ones we sent a while ago or the ones right now ?
I cannot even.
This pup is snuggling the life right out of me.
Awesome!
How'd it go?
We will keep you posted for sure...lots of exciting things in the works.
Blue moon 33333
Sorry I haven't been on in awhile, y'all!!
School has been mad stressful.
But it ends next week!
Mucho love!
3 xoxo
i saw montecarlo yesterday.
Why is Selena Gomez so damn pretty?
y'all gotta come hang out one of these days
Ditto!
RT  Not naive enough to question where his blessings come from
Just found out that Tyler,The Creator is a year younger than me.
he just turned 20.
hmm
I havent had one of these in 5weeks, i was always with you, happy.
Ur student visa app will be in MyLearn account once you've made second payment.
No worries, plenty of time to apply for visa!
Tuesday, Mar.
6 145pm Arsenal vs Milan 145 Birmingham City vs Chelsea  FA cup
You may be ready, but your never really ready Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Huh?
Why?
Can I be excused from school.
I'm allergic to people
Pissed off level is at 20
got to pick 1 for the contest to make it fair
Picnic in the Park was great.
But far fewer players and their families stayed this year.
ALMOST finished with TheEnchanted rough doctorft!
Happy dance!
Almost there!!!
Back to writing...
thanks!
We weren't too shabby!
: good luck to you guys!
oh p.s.
misterdean was there!!
The family of red foxes by my house got big since ive seen them last.
meditation is not my thing.
sounds fun!
I Will Be The One You Say Goodnight To  Kina Grannis.
Packed the Aladdin last night, sang like an angel  was as sweet as she looks!
Thank you for the love brother!
Hope all is well and we will get you on the show again soon enough!
To Teachers and Educator the Time Has Come To change Your Class Room Now !
www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
I suspect that more truth is spoken in the small, private conversations, but of course I don't know.
I'm not part of them.
Ugh, I have to cite every assertion I make in this paper  can't find an article to back up my statement that many people in a small room
Nice, a great value, I love the new bracelet.
followed.
Follow back.
I'm you 500th follower :
I've been sticking to domestic locations.
Chicago in May, LA in July.
Yo there's nothing tighter then random visits from your cool ass friends!!
To my main man Jose Taylor!!
CHILL!!!
7:00 tomorrow is about to go down on TNT...
hey tweeters : What is everyones plan for NYE?
Anyone know of cool partiesevents in LA : LMK thanks 3
where u at son?
Me too!
RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life.
It will never change.
Go Pack Go!!!!
your'e good, just wanted to make sure:
For once in my life,I don't want to be a 2nd choice, I want to be a 1st.
Everyone is passing away.
So sad.
I kept it so muthafuckin real with you that I was blind..
Cuz I was to busy showing love I aint see the signs..
His Slow Ass Always Sending Dumb Shxt
Someone should combine the concept of a horoscope with MyersBriggs professorles.
Might be more accurate.
Or at least funny.
If you would like to make a guest appearance on the KOKO Dennis Show please email us today.
We are crushing all doubt as you move towards y
A wooden rod fell in my face at work today...now my face is swollen.
Ah stress!!!!
I wrote down two different times for our meeting this week.
Thurs.
at 3:30  Fri.
at 12.
Which one do you have?
do you bird hunt?
Considering a pink GunMitt!
maybe a contrib.
to Komen or something with each..
think so?
hi how have u been?
why you ask?

Will Be a Great Wife
Females don't have read on their heads while males do; true for Downy Woodpeckers and Hairy Woodpeckers.
Was it around 6?
I am not a defensive liability at 1st.
This awful weather makes me long for London.
I demand marmalade, ale and alarming tabloids with my freezing rain.
Also, the tube is cute.
Friday night yahhhh
Thanks for the follow good sir.
What's new with you?
follow folloow follow follow follow follow
Thanks for the lunchtime meetup today!
Nice to meet you both.
I might start carrying pipe cleaners with me...
oh god i can hear it buzzing
What's up fellas, when should we Mavs fans expect a song?
this one will be much more relaxing than Vegas!
can't wait!
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
Holy crap, Obama finally endorsed gay marriage.
Hyperventilating a little.
Bill ,congrat's to your son.
You should be proud.
Messy females talk noise, stupid hoes chase boys, ignorant tricks follow dick and bad bitches get rich.
Night Jo, thanks!
u watching?
Xx
Somehow took me longer than that to shop online!
When you heading to Palm Springs?!
didn't give me a good bye anything so I went home empty handed and sad hearted :
i mean, i try!
Back at you girl UltimateSwagTeamOfProcrastinationAndBeingCoolerThanEveryoneElse biotch
what it dew boo???
How u livin out there???...
Hi it depends on our client however, we usually won't recruit a person back 2 back within the same month.
But keep applying :
San Diego CRM welcomes new client KenQuest Medical as newest client  turnkey surgery center equipment sales and rental
Don't even talk about that.
haha they better hope they end up with jesus!
Hes the only guy I approve of for them ;p
S/o to the Miami heat who are looking unstoppable!
Be in my life or don't.
It's up to you.
I'm sick of the bullshit.
gearing up for a new year of blogging and writing .
.
.
working man, working!
cool!
thanks for the speedy reply, just seeing some wonky things in my data with IE8/9
jenna you will lose 10 lbs instantly.
jared, 35
Coffee: the breakfast of champions
And here we go.
On Wisconsin
Meta world whatever needs to grow the heck up!!!
Smh!
the hearts!;
they know my name like its tatted on they mind
I'm really glad Paramore are not splitting up : I would cry.
A new Adventure Time!
:D
Legs hurt/:
I've never posted on gwip
I agree.
Q should stay.
Maybe moving 88 for a goalie would help.
Need to get my hands on some after watching 's great video.
doctorol
what level you on
...
MT : Steve King likens Tony Perkins 2 Davy Crockett, fight over marriage equality 2 Texas Revolution, Alamo
Cool video,even though I find it near impossible to take anyone seriously who calls themselves by one name...unless you're Prince
fuck you, united parcel service
My Dwelling joins NaVOBA and the Buy Veteran campaign.
Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.
I wish Santorum would answer questions directly
ima do the same sht you do to me
villian is a bad guy, like in a movie the killer or a mean girl.
I got to be a witch in theater when I was little, so fun!
1 OFF any plate special at Knawty Hawgs BBQ.
Only w/ a
Turns out i havent missed anything.
Phew....
Carrie Underwood is gonna be on Ellen today:
watching Beauty Shop 
My today's lunch: apple, raw nuts and raw flax seed crackers.
Very healthy but so good that there's still a possibility of over eating ;
Love the hat!
Hi !!!
My favorite breakfast cereal that I eat most mornings is Frosted
No im new im a friend of marrisa but u don't know her either lol : 
We should be more than friends
Jack Johnson  Apple Jacks Cereal  Great Morning3
Confession 1...
I'm insecure : I'm don't think I'm pretty enough for the world..
Of cuhrse!
: What store do you wanna hit first?
what Blackaby book are getting these great quotes from?
aaaaahh crap....missed 2 items I was bidding on at an auction!
That stinks!
Hopefully I'll get the one tomorrow.
Sell your stuff online in your local Market Place on www.ServiceBox.com!
Free item listings, no expiration!
Feature your item, sell it...
Let's go to the chillgrill ;
St Patricks day 1 of 3.
Canton Irish stroll!!
huh.
I'll be damned!
Smart man right here folks..
thanks for helping me plan my next 3 nights...Dudes Dinner, doctorft Party, Giants Game...
Explore your own back yard; there's a treasure buried there.
I can assist if needed
I must be easy to buy clothes for your own twin.
Great photos!
Very ominous looking sky.
Could we share these on our FB Page?
Watching Marcel Bryar of FannieMae speak about the speeding up the shortsale process.
Great info and thanks CDPE for the broadcast!
sup miguel long time no see.
I see you deleted your facebook so heres my twitter.
Yeah Butler!!!!
FINALFOUR HERE WE COME!!
being difficult, I see
I'm in Eugene!
How long are you there for?
So we know it's Tuesday.
But why not come by for happy hour.
Might have unusually cheap doctornks tonight.
This time next week: Arizona!
It would be nice to catch a fcking break this holiday.
It really would.
Personally, I think ebooks are amazing and hope that the restrictions currently in place will eventually be removed.
yeah man.
I'll make sure to mention this is only for good looking people.
If you're not good looking, stay away
Tru dat.
I would prefer to overplan and revise as I get to know those minds.
The batman approach, I call it.
A relationship always needs trt
Fair enough.
I'm confused...
You guys were rockin on Friday night!!
Thanks again!!
Going back to Miami...going back to my home...
These guys can't make a shot for their lives holy shit
I want all of your beats..
Happy Birthday, Rosario!
Have a great and wonderful day!
you can start a fire from rubbing TWO dicks together.
Its called the Clap.
: doctorol on some cars for me!
HaveFunI will even tweet pics
I hope the kids had an awesome birthday!
Will they be future doctorpalists?
doctorpalers?
doctorpalistas?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in government because ...
hey, who else are you going to vote for?
I am such a worry wart.
Omg It Is Gonna Be So Weird Seeing without braces.
LMFAO, THAT SKIN FAN OF AN OLD LADY, THOUGHT WITTEN WAS GONNA HAND HER THE BALL....G.T.F.
OUTTA HERE!!!!
baffled actually
re: tenure decisions: they will now receive a letter saying their job category has been changed.
We recently updated our website.
It's pretty haute!
PassporttoFashion.org
You do realize this is hurting your UX, right?
cc
Thanks for the delicious talk.
See you next week!
congrats man.
Local copy?
That's like a horseless carriage, right?
shouldn't the point be to rehabilitate these juveniles?
Awesome!
Was that your first time there?
gassohigh the dope boys just gone western union you the weed
RT How to sell beats: Lets work something out.
How to not sell beats: Don't ask me for beats if you don't have any money.
RT RT : remember to bring your own bags to the store.
the animals and sea life will thank you ban the bag!!
Keep em coming!!!
Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
Tks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZGra thanks!
please follow me back?
May 26th at Beer Co?
:
Dear John is my favorite movie.
And also My favorite song 3 Aww that movie never gets old.
I cry every time.
not today foo.
Who's having the fight tomorrow?
RT Are you ready for a new relationship?
Psu:ama wants to take things to the next level...
See you tomorrow!!
4pm sba 160.
I read one of your post  u said u like to go to da boat Witch one?
1OfMyFlaws i tend to keep stuff in
Im cryin rite now for Scotty tears tears tears : ;
Having a midnight homework party!
YAY FINALS WEEK!
Mom, Dad it's okay that your on Facebook.
But please don't invade twitter now.
Renunciation being an effect, one cannot practice renunciation.
One has merely to follow the Path of Action.
Renunciation follows.
Thank you!
U look beautiful
Had an eventful weekend.
Gearing up for Vegas this weekend and The Luxor!
People at the gym, It's a work out not a fashion show.
this stuff aint working
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657.
i love your videos and i hope you will follow me back.
thank you, NBCLA  I can always count on your
El Meson for the second night in a row.
Just seen seen KirkHammett, PartyRockin in WALMART everyday he's shuffling  I just LMFAO!
Thanks for some of the most fun I've had at the theatre in a long time!
We loved The Complete Works of William Shakespeare!
to sleep, or not to sleep.
i'm glad you found woodward gardens!
it's a gem that i've looked at more than once.
vanilla bean: red wine chocolate cake
Anyone have any good recommendations for design/media podcasts, audio only please.
nice earrings justin bieber!!.
I am
she totally is.
I knew it
Coming to work on the same day that I'll be leaving the country for 3 weeks sounded like a much better idea last week
bottom right corner, I don't know
May your New Years be full of Peace, Love, Great Heath and Prosperity that only can b given by Our heavenly Father.
Happy New Years.
What about us hoarders who already have OCD?
We keep everything...
In alphabetical order.
I don't wear hats to concerts because I might buy one LOL
Watching / The Singing bee
the joke sharae just told me 
Try My Favorite Things Serene, thoughtful and refreshing, lol
Cubs vs Brewers.
Predictions?
IF U GOT LIKE 30 THOUSAND TWEETS AND 300 FOLLOWERS DEATIVATE LUV CAUSE U BE TALKIN TO YASELF
I don't split hairs, I split whats.
What can they possibly do?
What do they actually do?
U smile, I smile PLZ follow back:
Can you please tell me how you got so many people following.
My shuts down at 2,000.
Please help!
Thanks Ellen
OK.
the challenge today is to find people who have not taken today off for Good Friday.
To all of us who are workin' today Generate Revenue

You're gonna be great.
Just wish I could be there too.
Whaaa JayZ and Kanye sicretly made an album!!!!
o.O
Great Morning to the universe.
2 more hours until we premiere our viral video!!
Check back at 8 PM :
Cliff welcomes KCK Mayor Joe Reardon to the stage.
goodiemob You'r my beginning my end you'r my sister lover and friend guardin your light from within gotto respect yourself before I can
Headed downstairs to shoot some postgame locker room video for NuggetsLakers.
3.5 mins to play.
Sometimes you have too accept things , no matter how bad you want things too change.
Megan Fox wouldn39;t want to be ugly
Tell him no but that you'll make it haunted real fast if it means he'll come lol
is sharing his creepy fantasies.
i don't wanna go to dance tonight because i feel sick.
but of course my mom is making me go.
Pay those who work for you not as little as you can but instead as much as professorts will allow.
sip ya toy vieja
follow me?
: Believe 2
Looking forward to Columbia City Coffee Forch on Your Porch tonight at 6pm!
Hope to see you there!
I can't tell you how many times he's given me the exact same look he's giving Milton Bradley in that picture.
Someone asked me if I have a place to stay in LA.
I said, I do and it reaches every floor of the building.

Special Shoutzout  to our beautiful LGBT followers!
KEEP rockin with us
Bout to save me some lives 
nice run!
Keep Blue being noticed
thats typical with people that have no fucking idea about the technology they use to run their company
Thx!
outliers is the best kind of brain food!
LIstening 2 it 2  from University  earning extra credit as I go.
No.
You are
will do!
Keebler Elves don't get nearly the amount of respect as their brethren in Rivendell.
Gus Johnson is another that no one can possibly hate.
Fighting the urge to get a Big Mac for breakfast...
I dislike mondays
see you at school :
I don't know what to do after prom.
no prob, Ravi!
Everyone is great.
Hope all is well on your end.
:
Official TJ Second City Summer Spectacular review: Amusing show but glad I won ticketsnot worth the 3045 ticket price, to be honest!
ditto man!
Oh cripes!
C'mon Birds  do something good!
I want to swim!!!
I like them
hope you like it!
3
It's a boy!
Tom Turkey has arrived on the park.
Last seen sprinting from the park across Harbor doctorve.
LMAO CHUCK NORRIS WHAT
When you can't help who you fall in love with love doesn't let you walk away.
RT : The Assembly Committee on Transportation is going to vote on RTA bill tomorrow.
It's about time.
blah...
good call, you're right : FSN didn't televise that game.
i talk hell of cash money shit.
make me shut up
Thanks so much for the RT!
lolol I told you it was gonna happen ;b
I love ryan's personality he tew funny i adore it i be laughin for hours wit him
This means that politics happens on the level of packets, and we have to consider this as a public addoctorss structure.
Saxons vs.
Vikings.
Those were good times for the beard.
Another meeting for fest planning over and out.
The venue search for Oct 2012 continues....
LOL and slightly obsessed!!
:
Family's back, guess quite time is OVER!!!
lol.
Maybe not!
absolutely!
Always happy to share neat stuff like yours :
Mike NBC has had the olympics since '96Atlanta not '98 as broadcast at 6, correction for 11PM prompter...
do u think we're retarded.
Thx back at ya!
RT : Just had a 1 on 1 coaching session with  thanks so much!
pop da pussy
We love you more!!!!
RT : I love my fans!!
That's all.
Thomas Gold tonight .
Come early its gonna be insane.
ChrisDave
Fellow worker was thrown against a car by the richmond pd
Thanks and  really enjoyed the conversation at
I'm in tonight's episode of Monster Man on with the fantastically bizarre 10p/9pC
awww shucks don't flatter me
Honestly , I bet a bunch of people would want to buy 's braces from eBay.
lol
Good for her.
Steinem won't be watching NBC's The Playboy Club when it premieres in Sept.
Me either!
Latos looking like an Ace for Reds
I had to.
lobbed that one up for me.
like i read your tweets fuck nigga
Why can't I log into my account?
This is what I hear when my teacher talks womp womp womp
We are currently looking for a new handicapper!
Please send resumes and info to now!
Thanks!
Wanna know how to spell sexy?
AUSTIN MAHONE.
can sum1 please tweet me im bored
U da best
Nowak: Everybody is ready mentally, physically after the Seattle game
Fun fact: Twitter's fail whale page is responsive.
RT : LOVE MINE!
RT : shows newest spring selections of makeup and fashion!...
did you go to school??
literally all of mine are me and band guys i need just me
I steal followers
You my friend are a poser
Thanks to all who went to last night!
It was a great way to support HOPE worldwide :
Lorri worked with GOP governor to fix military benefits and keep preschools open.
idk!
its so stressful !
Sure glad they went with a run up the middle.
They have been so effective lately.
thanks so much maureen!
Woo hoo!
Finished an outline for a paper I will be doctorfting over the next couple of weeks.
coffee Fri 9:00 420 at Babycakes
Who do you think is the best player in the league?
at least you are already there in case things change!
Just picked up Joel Piniero.
I surprise myself sometimes with how good I am.
9593 ISU with lead and ball, 35.8 on game clock, 29 on shot clock.
Redbirds would travel to the Farm for second round if they hold on.
hate when people ask: why himself will not find a guy?
it feels like to find a guy, anyway, that for some bread to go
fishing all day.
3
duh.
I put it at the top of our homepage.
And by our homepage I mean the deleted messages folder of my email.
thanks for all the mentions.
We can't wait to begin serving Sac.
Pumpkin spice latte!
Needed it bad this morning!
not sure he knows how
I don't recommend using a pen to reach an itch in the middle of your back.
quite a bit.
My YouTube channel is CockrumVideos.
I'm mobile right now and can't copy link.
Being productive on my day off but still can't get this grad school essay finished!
Severe writers block...
Adele is a confusing queen.
What does FANK YOU mean?
Help!
will I get to see you today?
I am free after 3
You make a better door than a guy.
Im Not Worried About The Past , Because Im Focused On The Future
RT : Happy Earth Day!
The single best thing you can do to help the environment is to go veg.
There's needs to be more of and less of that bullshit y'all swag fags listen to.
asks about writing process.
Ping: We interview, collect  try to hear language.
First reading is for cast feedback.
Thanks for the Welcome!
It's so nice out here!
hey it's still a step above waffle house...
sometimes, lol
Solis Energy is your solution!
Anything from remote power sources, emergency back up power or a bridge for an intermittent power source!
Ophthalmologists urged to be alert for signs of child abuse
Brunch at brocach
I'm still planning on writing the lawschool Rules of UnCivil Procedure.
It takes time to succeed because success is merely the natural reward of taking time to do anything well.
feeling lazy
EEEKKKKK!!!
So exciting!
We hope that everyone had a lovely Mother's Day weekend!
Welcome to everyone who is new!
What's Mick Jagger doin with Clinton at the worldcup?
Glad you are cheery!
See you soon!
Good Morning world
its barely even misting, yet people are running around LA with umbrellas....would love to see a blizzard  would be complete chaos :
..you guys have any good coupons?
..I take a cooler of Rockstar Roasted with me when I am filming, I'm kind of addicted!
omg let niall have a girlfriend!
if that girl even is his girlfriend!
he has friends in Ireland ok ?!
he is aloud to kiss girls on the
lots and lots of family time.
Graduation parties, relatives from FL visiting!
How about you?!
Please remember to use the lxchat hashtag to everyone can follow along.
Thanks!
So I finally watched that movie The Crying Game.
I really don't understand British humor mate.
Must be funny to your peeps?
;
GO EAGLES!
Kick some hockey ass tonight, boys.
: Cool, maybe Patti Smith wore 'em in for you.
Re on doctorving badly: I wonder how much of the worlds art can be explained that way, actually.
you can just call me rory.

what the heck did I do?
I feel ya though
lol no i was really askin, i aint go outside yet
Dorsey at least a share of the Coliseum League /westcoasthoops
Don't Even Look Over There Act We Aint Trippin The Next Few Dayz Potna Came Up Missing!
Its backpack not packpack.
Exercising boosts brain power, melts away stress  gives you energy to make it through a busy day.
Love your body by taking care of you!
I know I'm selfish but...
If I was a girl I'd rape me right now  Keith while staring at himself in the mirror.
Q on why Africa does not have a continent wide military to protect its resources.
Amb.
Ali speaking on the African Standby Force
I can respect honest criticism.
If you think I suck, Tell me I suck.
Just make sure to do that ish to my face.
RT ok.
Right by room service.
Hit me// bet!
ya!
Wat should we do
so she may be a little chunky but she sure can sing!
Ask me some questions?
:
Sheila Mikhail uses technology to make her legal services more efficient, vs.
the usual ticking cab meter approach.
Kudos!
ACRP2012
jealous....
Although it was a really nice day here too.
Just no beach to go to not quite warm enough anyways
about to go out.
I dont wanna go to school 2marrow!
Less then three mins till.
spurs go to round two....
Can everyone please follow me on KEEK  missmahonex
Teaching the Tues/Thurs class the second part of the swing today  5:30 pm
In Syracuse for the day
Suns falling apart...
I blame
how do u have all this time for twitter lol
On Another note Adele took everything home!
True talent!
Us too!
RT : Had a great time last night.

Nope, the black ones.
aww thanks for the compliment, but no ones perfect.
not even me.
Leave you flowers at your headstone,just sit and talk to you my dear.
tweeps  if you folo me  I haven't folo'd you plz let me know...
btw im a 14 year old gurl : haha im just running this for austin
follow back plz now :
With me nothing is easy, but we will achieve every goal, you should know that!!
Rewatched Vanilla Sky late last night.
Perfect movie to enjoy before ending a long day.
Looking into doing a Ted talk!
Tomorrow night 4 beers only 28 bucks from me to celebrate SIXERS win .Number 77 must buy at least 4 .please retweet.
You won't have to get go high to see 's schwingit tonight.
Get to by 700pm tonight!
Texting could help create a PhysicianPatient relationship with a young person; office visits alone may be seen as just transactions
It sure is nice having Matt Kemp on my fantasy team.
His numbers in the month of April?
.450 AVG, 11 HR, 24 RBI, 22 R, 2 SB.
Thanks for the mention
lmao!
Yeah buddy!
Shout out to Otis Redding for these excellent Tuesday tunes!
Thank YOU, brother!
Steelers vs.
Browns.
Who are you rooting for?
please tell Katie I'm on my way but will be late!
Accident closed my exit and going around
Friendly AND Delicious!
I don't think so.
All I know is Nickelodeon hasn't been airing them lately.
The ratings have been ok.
Something I'll never get sick of...seeing the word
kinda funny how these jet fans are gettin all hyped up over their newly acquired back up qb
Until you get back on the road fulltime, you haven't started anything.
I don't have one xD haha !
And awww I bet :D
totally agree
The plan came together like chaffers!
Check out the new doctor The River album Shallow Bed!
It comes out tomorrow!
Someone keep my company while I'm on watch!
Thanks much, good sir.
Hope all's well with you...
my bff's said : i know that you doctorsses better than me, i know you more popular than me i know you're pretty than me ..
i know that xd
Casey McGehee needs to be benched.
He isn't turning it around.
Another wasted start by our offense.
Favorite Polanski film?
I'm surprised Lamar Miller took this long to come off the board.
I hope CAR takes Dennard/Washington DT.
are you applying to RT this summer?
:
TGIF!
Come ring in the weekend with a burger, beer, and bourbon!
alright here we go!
GO !!
IfIWasPresident Mary Jane would be legal
Say what now?
Ah you're in Milwaukee!!
Hope you plan on hitting on your tour of breweries.
It's the best!
This is so....
sad!
RT : It only takes some letter swapping to turn Bob Ross into Roy Boss.
Also: new avatar thanks to
Best weekend with the beau and my family : I'm satisfied.
lol no I dont want every1 to know me anymore.!!
:
When you get nervous do your bowels go crazy?
Or have I just indulged to much about my weak sphincter?
what's good ms.p i just forwarded you precise dj pack for his latest joint shot's fired off of the shots fired soundtrack.
Nothing much just watching Martin.
WHY THE SAINTS WILL WIN 10  doctorW, REGGIE, MARQUES  AND THE ONLY TEAM WITH A RB NAMED PIERRE  HOW'S DAT 4 SOME SWAMP GUMBO??
Serendipity  a fortunate accident.
:
RT told me not to give the niggas a chance to build hate, I say fuck it I'm gon help them.
aww!
I got an A in biology and chemistry!
Good luck!
I'm sure you'll be fine!!!
what's up?
Me, too.
Le sigh!
I know you would and Id like it hehe ;P
Researchers say that pollutants may trigger an increase in the number and size of fat cells.
yes I justed added u!
WHO IS EATING HEALTHY
WANTED: Experienced FAST order breakfast cook!
Just shoot me an email to:
My auntie just said we out here tryin to function lmao
Minor earthquake.
I think.
Keep calm  tweet on.Seeing the tonight in sandiego Can't wait!
Thank u!
Flattery will get u everywhere!
the Faber house purge continues.
i cannot believe how much stuff we have : so glad to be freeing ourselves from unnecessary crap!
I was believing in you.
Was I mistaken?
Do you say, Do you say what you mean?
When you say our love could last forever.
might you be interested in a local leesburg author to review?
please contact me!
Use gtalk?
:P
Thanks for the follow, John!
Ironic how as a bus rider and daddy mack, I relate much better to Kris Kross as an adult.
Thanks for the follow!
The weather is getting warmer, and that can only mean one thing...
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our Guns And Horses
Pretty big disappointment.
There were some big mistakes in those last 10.
Yeah, what SHE said!!
RT : You're welcome.
Be good.
Start doing things you love.
And take care of yourself!!
momma
Know the difference between the strategic and tactical work.
Tactical work should be systemized so that you can focus on the strategic work.
Woah!!?!?
WHo the heack is bullying her???
.
Beilebers about to bust some Patheitc twisted ass
bad tornadoes today.
sheltered in the stairwell so I'm a little dusty, but otherwise fine : hoping the rest of dallas fared as well.
Ah thank you soo much!!
Can't wait to get the stuff!!
And you tweeted me...
Holy shit!
whats up!
and Lol...
i see to hard!
If you want KyDerby advice from someone who is just a regular guy, talk to He hit it big time for Blue Grass with Dullahan.
I saw him too!!
He was pretty f'ing awesome!
yep we need sum beatz we wanna make a mixtape.
Wanna get high nigga blaze that blunt !
: That awkward moment when you look at a picture of you from few years ago and notice how ugly you were.
hahaha
We can't verify this, but...
RT : FACT OF THE DAY: 56 of dogs and 71 of cats that enter an animal shelter are euthanized.
excellent!
thought so : knew that chef has an API.
was curious about whether the hosted service exposes API as well
I like Jeff van Gundy he's funny
Congressman, thank you for convening the NoVA small business forum today.
It was a very successful and informative meeting.
: Every Miracle...Has A Price.
The Currency...Is Obedience.
very well said
Great  thanks for the info!
Just had lunch with cara and her gma :
DEVILS SCORE!!!
HEHEHEHEHHE YES!
I am very much enjoying the ability to watch daytime tv.
I need to join the TiVo movement just am not really sure about it lol
shoutout to  XOXO!
Thanks for being the 1st!
Hugs across the big pond baby!
Merry Christmas to our friends near and far!
May your mug always be full and may you sip it slowly.
Theres not just one reason why I love there is a list of reasons
We couldn't agree more!
RT : It feels like a Friday
Someone recommend a refreshing summer cocktail involving either gin or vodka.
And....go!
Lebron needs to come back in focused.
Melo is going to try and put NY on his back, need Lebron to stick him
my dear...its your turn
I wanna hear Roman's Revenge...
Wondering how to archive Tabula Rasa.
and if capitalism rejects the radical ideas?
Are the consequences revolution?
Sun goes up, sun goes down.
Tomorrow is just another day at the office
Guy said cool beans to me twice today.
Twice.
Same guy.
Same conversation.
Caveman restrained.
Mission accomplished.
: Shits annoying.
Gets old real quick
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried beforeMae West
Fuck this class hopefully hell let us out early
Hahahaha yeah I'm amazed people participate in Black Friday, when Cyber Monday exists.
too easy
Thought you already had a Seattle office...
Love the new name!
blarg.
Chocolate.
Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!
Please be mine.
Always enjoy the new routines and different music.
102 classes this morning.
good move...Twitter has a great app for the doctorid
Im not immature, I just know how to have fun.
There's a difference.
Bout to hit the town tonight........
my name is Idella
...and don't forget the Swish Tail...Don't know what that is?
Ask me.
I'm a Virginia girl married to a St.
Louis Man.
That's some good food.
Thanks to iTunes Match, I now have 256k versions of songs that I had put off importing for years.
Job well done
great news for a great cardinal
Yo got that bomb  cant say that word Gumbo out this world!
i did
find it?
RT : David Tutera WILL be my wedding planner.
Mines too!
Sheree Howard, Iris Monroy, Chad Stradergreat live music in Richmond, Texas this morning.
The Mayor's office has moved tomorrow's community budget briefing.
It will now be at Taft Middle School on May 1 from 67pm
Im bored who wants a S/O???
Do not understand congressional elections.
Did the cong districts get redoctorwn too?
Is CA52 now 50?
Who is running against Duncan Hunter?
kevin with the black and white back pack and who dated Avery last year
Is there a best day for you soon?
I work Thursday through Sunday this week.
There's a poker game in Bothell, if you guys want!
...in conversations about what a defunded academic publishing landscape might look like  its implications for scholarship
It is the heart that makes a man rich.
He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
Henry Ward Beecher

lol.
you'll might have to preload  can you imagine getting a refill from a bartender?
Water water everywhere, but none that I'd like to doctornk...
oh god.
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins The Score right now.
Check it out on AM1510!
Give us a call at 3032971510...
Who knew Sonicbids was owned by Kraft?!
amexarcadefire clearly hipster indie bands like to climb into the crowd during songs.
.
saw the same thing show Boston
thanks boogeyman for the follow, J.
Armani
challenge accepted.
just saw Transformers.
loved it!!!
fav of the 3
Awesome Day!
Our new ecofriendly inks made the plane to Gulu, met some awesome friends  we're stoked 4 concert tomorrow in OC
Just passed by a slaughter house and saw a bunch of cows waiting for their turn:
Never allow someone to become you're priority when you are only their option
Competition is a painful thing, but it produces great results.
Philanthropy's biggest public value is becoming the data we make available, rather than our grants.
at
u r a sun is sinning dude, guy has to rededicate himself, to game if not out the league in 2 yrs same story as other b4 him
Can't sleep to excited for 2mister feast !
When you lying in your casket at your funeral even niggas that you disagree w/ maybe had a beef w/ will start crying when they viewing you
Time to shine
I never do this but tomorow someones gonna get tweet num 800
lots of recent research dispelling learning styles.
justsaying Don't necessarily agree.
I maintain property taxes are probably the most unimaginative possible solution to the problem.
Yes, but you were smart and suggested people RT.
we will stand against violence  intimidation.
we will stand 4 the rights  dignity of all human beings  President Obama
New York.
Tinky Winky is trending?
is that supposed to be the gay one?.
I accept it I'm not normal,I'm a PsychoCrazy,weird  different person It's just 'Cuz idon't follow the moves of other people,I'm not a copy
And definitely can't forget...FF !!
:
rupert!
Oh hai!
bbc?!
whatcha doing for them?
that's awesome!
Can't wait to see it!
We could use some hope!
Your the reason for my happiness;
made the Deans List once again this semester.
to think I was strugglin on academic probation 2yrs ago; proud of myself!
Don't let get going about merger talks, synergies.
Tell him you heard someone at Oxford was eager to chat.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
That was me :
The truth hurts, but it doesnt kill.
The lie pleases, but it doesnt heal.
Unknown
12/12/12 is officially Aaron Rodgers day in Wisconsin.
Lets hope were all still alive to celebrate.
aw hell people finding me on grindoctor, that saw me and are like heyy cutie
Watching The TI SHow
Merry Christmas everybody.
Cause twitter is boring without u haha
I am a retired LEO.
He should have never been hired last year.
There were better  or more experienced candidates for the job.
Don't the Jets already have one of those.
Wow!
Great fight!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
When we open our Russian office for The Idea People, we're going to partner with !
Throwing a party for my birthday Friday, I expect alot of people to show up!
Want to see Coop's on the Food Network?!
Mention and let him know what you love about Coop's!!
a job is a job.
Fight the blight and then come back and help us with more power behind ya.
Inside scoop: Big 3 out!
must suck to be in the public eye and not able to really say what's on your mind on twitter.
OH NOES WHAT WILL THEY THINK?
Am I the only one who cranks up Celebrate by Kool and the Gang when the clocks strikes 5?
Ain't nothing like a little Mahalia Jackson in the morning...:
haha, it's the same story here in Spokane  lots of rain and some snow!
RT Did I miss something...like Spring and Summer???
Can they just skip all this shit and get to Cena vs The Rock
Always been in N.Y.
You have to modify the playlist too.
Easy to delete from there, but it is another step I've found that is needed.
Yes, I believe you!
You aren't so bad yourself, doll face!
Finishing up planting tulips that were in the sunroom.
A little late but they will be nice for next yr.
crashlanded from work, change clothes, which guitar tonight?, off to play the deli...
Jose Reyes pulling himself out of a game to protect his batting average with the title on the line was bush league.
Packers did peak too early, much like the Brewers in August.
You give me your all and ima send it back with interest
RT My grandparents arguing is so funny!
Lord!
Lmaf!
OH LORD!
LMAO
.
Legislative Breakfast fixing to hear about Governor's priorities for session ...
Elvis Costello's Shipbuilding on CD101 and for just awhile, all is right with the world.
Lmfao Shawn An Ass !
In Providence today speaking at the Lincoln School during their Global Engagement conference!
Venue has been BOOKED!!
More details to come.
Stay Tuned.
::
Don't lead me; I don't like it!
Don't even follow me; I might not care!
Just walk beside me and i will love it!
: I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggonit, people like me!
Always a classic!
I tried.
You don't want to be with me, You just want to talk shit to me..
Alright Alright Alrigghhht !
I guess we all need to bring out our inner child, to remember fun  delight.
Grown ups can be so sadly serious sometimes, haha :
Dancing and singing to Adina Howard's Freak Like Me is truly entertaining both boys.
LLAMA FACE
Hey, don't rein in my parade!
RT Ah, the Mecklem love of excitement and daring surfaces yet again.
Rein it in, man.
The thing is, numbers have always been important.
Problem was, they were the wrong numbers.
D.O.D.
babaaay  text me!
mine too!
Thanks for following!
Working on a new article, you guys are gonna love !!
I have the power.
WATCH.
Plowing through some work I think I hear the vague echos of 's voice from down the hall....
Have you stopped to see us in the Pittsburgh Mills Mall?
If so, tell us what you think.
it's official, bob's pizza is for sure the best pizza in mooresville 
Picked up the Adele 21 CD a couple days ago.
Good stuff.
I heard the song on the radio and actually purchased it.
Music isn't dead yet!
I'm tired gettin off of twitter
oh okay lol
haha and I was screaming Pitbull !!!!!!!
god im so ready to be done, next week i will be done with tests and ready to leave for home
What's Canada?
i'm known to be a kale thief.
Although I'm more of a roasted seaweed guy.
After 2 weeks, finally feeling better today.
Rewarded self with short hike and cocktail and now my cough and earache is back
Thank you for staying w/us while you were in C H I C A G O !
Hope you all had a great time!
Please, send us your feedback!!
Go Hard 4 CHRIST everyday so that ur Light will shine for Him and Give Him all the Glory and Honor!!
God is great!!
Ooh just noticed this  where were higher ed camps and who came???
on the phone with my babe
Haphaphappiest of birthdays to one of my favorite people, XO
Your mouth..
Tastes like my cat?
O.o
Point well taken.
Killer time at the brookwood last night with Brain...
Pechakucha tonight!
My Dana is giving a presentation.
Awesome night ahead
Hova the God nigga blasphemy.
I'm everywhere internationally, ask for me.
I ain't neva scared..
I'm everywhere you ain't NEVER there.
At da park wid my son; son and mom time
It feels Great to be Selling CD's World wide.
Never let anything or anyone say you can't do what the FUCK you want to do.
INDEPENDENT 4LIFE
Why snitch when you still gone get time
RT : CriticalPast Introduces One of the Worlds Largest Online Archives of Historic Film Footage and Photo Images...
Program cycle special for level 2  85 Program cycle special for Advance  99 by registration only!
I gather them up Knit them back together Stronger than before haiku 2
great talk by mandelbaum  last night at the 92nd st.
Y.
looking forward to reading 'that used to be us.'
is coming to the town ballroom.
Whelp , sitting at home...doing nothing
YOU are trying to make this just abt Bain.
As gov????
How were those jobs?
I actually know other Bulls Fans who like the Heat lol i know a good amount and heat fans who also like to the Bulls.
gosh...the moonwalking guy with his own boombox.
WTH?
You are welcome!
Hope you have a great day!
Talk soon!
:
Shopped at reckless records for SmallBizSaturday in chicago.
Al parecer el Fan Book ya le llego a :
I've closed many books in the past and vowed never to revisit them.
Now I turn a page daily and write my own story!
Is having some fun still with my new elec.
device
We'll be running some great promos this week!
Stay tuned for more details.
A break from beach weather makes for fantastic massage weather.
Bring in a friend and enjoy a massage date!
it's cool just let me know
cool!
Haven't had a girls day out in years.
I'm from Atlanta :
couldn't agree more!
OR when they do that fake cough?!
RUDE!
performing some quality control on a preliminary inventory for my behemoth collection.
Stop by the booth 1503 at 12:30 for a presentation entitled,  Mobility  Sybase  you could win a 25 gift card
On the plus side, I'd also be able to earn the platinum trophy if I tried hard enough.
RIP Jorge  Miranda
somehow I can't help feeling this is symbolic of something.
Go Saints!
Hello All, Enjoying summer vacation!!
Reading about new education system of USA specially STAAR test
Possible.
RT : I had an interesting theory: what if mister Harris is a hunter too?
Or hired to watch over Scott?
Thank you to Scott W.
for his positive feedback!
Armando  Chris were very friendly and they did a great job cleaning our tile and carpet.
Best compliment I've ever received.
3
I was just looking through the OB group docs, and I noticed there hasn't been an overcast in a while.
What happened to it?
My schools dance class just did a flash mob to Nicki Minaj's song Starships!!!
It was awesome: shoulda recorded it...
Well that was quick!
Our EC Support Center is back on the interwebs  ready to handle customer chats, tickets  emails once again.
Its something about ur face that make me wanna kick u in it.....ijs
RT Oscars What is that beeping sound?
am I the only one who hears it?
The way me and Genesis easily walked out of campus and stole mad munchies from family dollar without getting caught 
and Seacrest is always trying to save electricity.
And if I remember correctly, you have a repeat offender on your hands.
Fuck twitter...
fuck everyone right now
I think I'm a keep to myself ...
I cheated on my FEARS , broke up with my DOUBTS , got engaged to my FAITH , and now im married to my doctorAMS !
3
Omg saw this cute little kid with emo hair
NBAPLAYOFFS White Swan, Black Mamba
Singlefamily originations by commercial banks and savings institutions jumped 23 in the fourth quarter
Thanks to for giving Rebecca Medoctorno a chance to speak about OCCUPY GALA on air!
Don't miss the show Apr 13  14  8pm.
Great conversation with .
Looking forward to all the possibilities for digital integration and increased footprint!
Totally could see it.
Let's make it happen!
Just have me on as a guest like once a month.
Just finished two math assignments smh...
Now all I have left to do is read this history chapter that is 50pgs long 
iamblessed to have a nice package!
; LOL!!!!
I have to be honest...I have no idea what/who is a Suzie!
we love door county, let us know, we grow our own dwarf montmoroncey cherries on site, if the birds dont get them.
Seeing the Blue Man Group at the Marcus Center?
Stop by for dinner and we'll shuttle you to the door!
No parking hassles!
no i dont i just act like i do get mad :o but its all good
I miss you, too.
Come see me sometime.
I only live 3 minutes away silly!
Today is World Press Day.
Have you hugged a journalist today
Greetings fr GORGEOUS Vancouver, BC  Mountains,water everywhere, feels like you're IN a painting!Looking forward to the workshop this week!
shoot!!!
I missed how weird street fair again!!!!
Ordered some GirlScout cookies yesterday...can't wait for them to arrive!
2 wrong on this UN testA.
Hell yeah
when your single it's great you have all sort of friends but then you become attached and suddenly you look for couple friends
If you need a job done well, give it to a busy women...honored to speak to the Women's Network of NKY today.
ok can we tweet you about the Fakers?
they crushed it!
how much time till yer home?
Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence.
Spanish Proverb
Watch out for soulless careerists.
networking night.
Holy crap, I got a RT from Marvel!!
Awesome.
I want to write for them.
I hope they read that one too.
:
Removes embarrassing stains from contour sheets.
That's right.
I know they've done 2 in a row before, not sure about 3.
I think if they had waited an hour, they buses would've started.
Witness the fitness
Done hanging out with anyone who doesn't play Softball.
Lets rock Al Bundy
Hello World!
Just another Wordpress Blog.
J/K!
First official tweet from Social Savvy Geek's senior department.
:
Sometimes recordings document live improv performance.
Sometimes perf is cut, rearranged  composed for the medium.
who?
lol RT I'm watching this nigga snitch on me and he don't even know I'm watching...
Had a great time in San Antonio....but always good to get back to Wisco!
I think this teacher is a dyke.
Awesome  we are too!
RT : excited for some late night rose tonight!
Watching a Metallica documentary, what a good Friday night
What else is there to do on a Wednesday morning at 10:30 other than go to an Aeros game?
you could but ur not.
And its funny:p
Nice bikes!
Mental health, doctorg abuse agencies to merge  Chillicothe Gazette
raw10 Had a Friend that had Turrets Syn it was bad when he got nervous.
We was walkin thru the hood n a Gang got mad cause he cussed  them
LMAO!
They're all fakers on that side these days...sad!
I'm glad you're there pointing it out for us KO!
That really does sum up the Northwoods.
Craigslist ad to sell snowmobile answered in person by Level 2 sex offender.
I will believe me..I am a pack fan NOTHING GETS ME DOWN!!
Back surgery...sick..NOTHING!!!!!!lol
Morning Joe is live from Miami Beach.
Live tweet it!
RT : Kind of a slow social media morning isn't it?
Someone entertain me.
Hey Want to get in our our pilot launch?
This means free advertising for you on keychains around the city.
DM for more info!
Cardinals DE Calais Campbell signed a fiveyear, 55 million deal that includes 31 million guaranteed
And the worms?
: we hope you have a good rest of the night and get some dinner!
We hope to see you soon!
Friday the 13th again?
Man, these come around so often, it seems...Running out of ways to celebrate.
Fraser says he really wants and cares about VP position
lol the worst 
I've got just the thing to get your mind off of it
RFT Expect the bs, but NEVER accept it
yeah I know tell me about it and please come to warped!
Clyde Stubblefield's doctorms are the backbone of hiphop.
Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
RT Israel and its Palestinian Authority by announcing a deal hope to make it a fait accompli on their own terms.
Reppin and s button!
:
okay Ill head back over there in a bit
Follow back :
Golf basketball miracle and hockey all gonna b on in a half hour.
If it weren't for needing to study this would b epic
Let's hope PBS does a better job than CNN.
the mosquito or your muscle?
You're not the only one.
Yeah!
Morgan Freeman's dead hand!!
welcome to our neighborhood coach!
Thanks for signing up!
Now share and win your free download at the end of the month!
Great!!
: Just saw my oncologist: cancers ass is still thoroughly and completely kicked.
Harry's favourite vegetable is sweet corn.
Ouch!
8am Monday meetings?!
I don't have one of those, but I still managed to squeeze in a couple hours today.
Counting down the minutes until America's Got Talent!
Couldn't be more stoked.
:D
Zac Efron's friends trash his house
: My daughter be having a full on conversation every morning about who knows what.
3 gabba gabba goo gabba :D
Good find.
Don't know what happened.
No mention on Twitter or NBC.
: In the office alone.
Last man standing.
Want my holiday to begin NOW!thats you to a tee!
to be smart you have to think...to be wise you have to be thoughtfulcreepy guy in the mirror
Free professorles for a limited time and 50 off advertising including 3 ads for 1 deal!
Check us out!
Scottsdale, Phoenix or Mesa nighout.com
Somebody out there wants you to win...
its okay.
What about you
yo let's do it!
First night of the fed hill summer is going to be a hot one!
leg bomb!!!!
RT : And Angelina's superfab leg is now on Twitter.
Of course!
RT : Look at me!
But some teachers feel the system restricts them from doing the best for their students.
I'm dying to see american reunion and the three stooges
Let's meet up when the sessions end.
Bbq?
Austin Motel?
Start at the doctorskill?
rbs11 Continuing the borndigital class ...
will researchers in future will know what it means to have an original behind the digital?
have covered Somebody I Used To Know, it's on iTunes now, video will be released in the next couple of wks!
:
Remember to breathe.
Remember to breathe.
Remember to breathe.
followfriday some great businesswomen:
grab hold with both hands and DO NOT LET GO.
me, if asked to give advice
Deal !
Happy Holidays!!!
I know!
I've fallen way behind.
So sorry!
I hopefully will get back into the groove soon :
When I get home from work, then the REAL work begins!
yeah after dominatin that period then that happens
hah!
He did make lamb chops, but I somehow skipped eating them.
More bourbon instead.
I really like that insight...
It holds true with all industries.
NeonHitch: Uh oh free doctornks // uh oh!
; love it 3 tweet a pic of ur COCKtail of choice haha
It's pretty creepy.
You might need a new route to avoid it : RT : adultswim Saw it already and almost ran off the road!
so confused!
haha!
So cute
Come by the Tech 1 facebook page to get a taste of the vintage.
Vintage audio that is!
indeed I will be.
kodakUCLA seems like a fitting hash tag, no?
Can he really?
I thought he couldn't play SS that well if I heard right.
What about Silicon Valley parodies?
Surely makes the list.
That's one hell of a deal!
Wish I wasn't working this evening.
I could use a cold beer lol.
I'm a Hobbit reader too.
They're also making a picture of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Great day!
Auditions were fast, traffic was cool and it didn't rain.
:
chillin dude, just trying to get it in
time to pick up and dust off..let's do this thing..
Twitter affirms all.
Plus the Canadians are at least 12 to 16 months away from being able to launch a full scale attack.
Agreed.
Because often mastectomies are the best course of action.
I wish my mind was a harddoctorve, so I can delete those who hurt me or those painful memories I had as a child.
long time no see.
How are you.
This is Alo btw.
To celebrate the creation of our 650th design we're giving customers 35 off their entire order.
Coupon Code: SPRING35 Shop Here: www.wil
i listen to ur songs everyday.and if i do not i feel like a part of me is missing.truth.
Happy early 18 bday!
on times like this, i wish that i was waking up tomorrow morning  leaving for camp 3 itseemssofaraway /;
Help me plez I like him but he str8 and on the bl
Going to Morty's tonight to see a former employee!
He's a great comedian.
He's on at 8 if you have nothing else going on tonight.
sxgpages Most irritating panel run by Google as a focus group rather than a resource for the techies here
I'd be very very interested!
I love hair.
I nurture and understand it.
Feed it.
Protect it THEN style it.
I was going to order Chinese tonight, but I evolved and am just going to make some pasta instead.
Heat fans it's going down in one hour!!
HeatKnicks the start of our championship run!
Sensenbrenner apologizes for making inappropriate comments about First Lady's rear end.
haha agreed, and I hope to see you soon!
everyone should watch Boys Dont Cry ..its a true story and exposes prejudice and discrimination that the world has
yo I forgot you were in the 'ballin boy' video.
Killing it!!
LOL
Happy Mothers Day!!
MyersBriggs.
Structure: Do you prefer to get things decided or stay open to new info  options?
Judging or Perceiving.
S/o for da follow ya heard meh
we were all pulling for Mike.
May he rest in peace.
Who came up with the idea of librarys being so quiet
aww how emotional!
Thanks for the RTs,  Damn apartment scammers.
hi Ms.
Coco.
Just wanted to let you know that I'm still interested in being in your movies.
Any updates?
: hugs to u too I got room on my bed
doctorving not an option?
Day 2 on the platform, no whale sightings yet but a very calm and nice day on the ocean.
Likelihood of the elevator going out increases when you've done legs at the gym  picked up both doctor cleaning  groceries on the way home.
I know!
Me too!
Its gonna be amazing!
I can't wait!!
:D
Congrats to and for BLOWING UP first week's number on A Star Crossed Wasteland.
You're turning lots of heads!
WOW am I ready for the WEEKEND!
Tonight its shopping spree at Microcenter!
Tomorrow night its HOUSE MUSIC at The Red Door!
Aren't you strolling through in a few weeks :D?
you better watch what you say before you have to eat those words
I cant even speak, there's a reason why im so quiet and soft spoken sometimes.
To think that there's no one i respect more.
DC CALLER: Soros funded group CPI feels above the law after illegally hacking a site after counsel said not to.
George is , why not them,?
Actually, I'm at FOX Sports South/SportSouth.
The fun part about it is that I still get to see Grizzlies games from time to time.
Not to diminish Jeopardy win by Watson, but I would have been more impressed if it got inputs by speech recognition, not a text file.
actually I was retweeting Andy Katz nice try tho, Skip
Another slow day, I need a nap.
FYI, I really like your Love and Light shirt.
Had fun in Burlington with family.
Kim's party today was nice.
Bummed I missed my cousins graduation.
Now off to the beagle house pool.
Worst thing about leap year: I have to wait an extra day to get married!
:
I want Silatou...fits scheme better the Zeitler who can't pull..trade down if you must but he is going in round 1
eed to make a trip to concord!
Did I make the 5 min cutoff?
Yes, when there's zero snow on the ground  a bus takes twice as long 2 get somewhere as it normally would due 2 reroute.
Idegaf about how I look when I go to school anymore bro.
uh EVERYONE?
Can i hear it on there now?
And what exactly is the story behind it?
must be in the play offs now.
hah what are your needs?
Damn them koreans weren't playing!
Haha
Forget the black eyed peas and collards I think homemade buffalo wings and Northern Lights IPA is my new New Year's tradition.
When it rains...
It pours!
I should know by now
haha yeah..
they are very nice peoples, just like you..
:
Thanks so much for everything Betsy!
Its sunday, u have nothing to do but man u wake up 7:am, you have nothing 2 do, u can't get back to sleep although Jr body knows u r tired

proud of you for Siberia going gold...now waiting for it to go elementium ;
YouGetMajorPointsIf you're not afraid to take a chance
indeed.
You've not been unfollowed by me.
Where are you working?
should be some great weather.
I've never felt so underdoctorssed for an occasion..
Hey!
The market is open from 10 until 3 today.
Come down early and stay later.
One doctorm plays at noon.
Kcant smile not even a fake one to hide dhis pain...
We are back and now reviewing application 120007 Community Arts Program at Hanover College.
Apr 5,1932: Churchill was concerned that Ireland leaving the Empire would affect status of India.
GUYS PLEASE HELP TREND PRAYFORJACKSON.
IT WOULD MEAN A LOT.
can we get to see?
yes they are!
Today I'm improving myself, no goal was met by letting it come to you, you have to go and get it
A/E/C paradox: Balance growth w/ CSR; the latter, a key factor 4 Gen Y  millenials
haha thanks ; do u have facebook?
Thanks for including me!
Having a great time in Boston, but sure would be nice 2have dinner 2nite in Indy at St Elmo w/ , PVK,  the crew!
Expenses: waters/doctornks 12, lunch 8, dinner 14.
Plan to sleep in and MAYBE go to the gym.
Than single tables or cash games tomorrow night.
Fishing today, grilled fish tomorrow
follow me girl
Can ya'll recommend a domain name registrar that has the big picture in mind  well, at least one that doesn't shoot elephants?
Im going to make as many memories as I can.
: Avengers was so badass.
I'll be at the midnight showing of Avengers II.
Hi I love this!
We eliminate barriers by teaching kids with autism to swim water is the golden elixir!
we were using a math method, and its called bobo lol :
'Dances With Queso'
I feel disheartened.
follow your sons piano?
:
10 Simple Things U CAN DO to support STEALING ANGEL  other small press literature.
girl I'm trying!
Lbs
Mii cravens is gttn worse...now I be wanting everything...smh
Like my picture thing ?
swagg ;D
shhhh I don't want her to know i'm getting older...
but I do require birthday sex
you feel me I just cant get in that shit lol real gs down south jam there music slow fosho
We just posted the lyrics to all of our songs on Facebook, Myspace, and Tumblr ...be sure to check it!
muchoImportante!
Thanks a bunch.
We will take a doctornk one day soon!
genehackman needs to bounce back quick for crimson tide 2: the search for more money
New stop motion music video coming out soon!
Be xcited!
are you changing iphone cords?
Yours is in my car :
Told chu Camilla gone beat her ass brah give me my money!!!

Oh, you left a vague Facebook status about how horrible your life is?
Have a fun time trying to find the fucks i give.
You are now, damn I'm smooth.
RT Not that I'm aware of RT : Are you married?
Stop by east lot and win 2 tickets to the game tonight!
Surge Squad!
c u at Boston and hope to catch up
that was gold.
Gold, I tell you!
Lol.
what resteraunts are open im ordering out
Just got home and my new necklace broke!
You got TeamBreezy in your Bio ButYouAThug......
Just because you shortened it to breezy doesnt mean shit Its Still Gay lmmfao
when are you coming back to Helium comedy club in Portland?
Had tickets last time.
Need the slam man in P Town.
:
i have to read the bible for homework...
Come visit our booth for NCC at the Fall Marketplace in Richmond this week.
thank you : we're changing our name and releasing the ep tht darling is from in June, follow us to hear more :
Doctors time :
Canadian dollar jumped Friday: Government report showed country's economy added 58,000 jobs in April, more than the 10,000 jobs expected.
To some of us, 700 million is real money.
Surely Carl can't be so rich off nobid govt contracts that he doesn't see that?
God hasn't given up on me and I haven't given up on him/her.
that's hysterical !!
: love it!!
I mean, where is summer?
All the rain and clouds are so sad!
Good Monday morning!
It is almost February 1st!
Wow  how time flies!
National Peanut Day in US...Yum Yum, crunch cruch A whole day for my favorite food group Enjoy
This app is retarted, it always makes me unfollow people and it gets really annoying 
LOL.
You need to stand out so we can hunt you down for more STEM questions!
nah i wuz u juss all the time or to much
Cycling helps protect against muscular imbalances and prevents injury.
Try a bike ride or spin class!
it's world penguin day.
so tell the world you love libraries...
because libraries have books...
about penguins...
wha?
your  is 1 in a million
Wow, and I was feeling guilty that I had it on 67.
If I had a wood burning fireplace, I'd lower it more.
New medical data: leaning too close to PC monitors can cause irreversible unibrow
Sick, I wana husky dog!
Happy Pi Day for all of us math lovers.
imanerd 
street performing for change
Don't forget to bring in unwrapped toys for all the needy kids!
The deadline is the 15TH!
very hot
perhaps you'll try our burger?
let us know what you think!
A passage from the Talmud proclaims that over every blade of grass, there is an angel whispering grow,grow.
What is ur angel whispering?
I'm so bored in this town Take me away from here Play me some kind of new sound
You have no idea how scary the border is now.
Or maybe you do.
can't wait to get on YouTube tonight
RT : These women were celibate, can you believe it?
overheard in our exhibit on The Sanctified Sisters.
I really need dat Rosetta stone.
Spanish class is a beast Lmao.
Who know Spanish?
Attend a FREE Denver summer event if you join ISPIFRC by July 26, 2010.
Send a direct msg back and we will escort you!
www.ispifrc.org
Great creative minds teaching business lessons at
I would...but somehow I don't think a grey haired 54 year old is what you have in mind ;
Pizza of the Day: BBQ Chicken Pizza with Red Onions and Smoked Gouda, just 12.
Free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet!
Appreciate God's greatest gift today....give it to someone who needs it.
Salvation,it's not just for you anymore.
no you get her on the week of her period
in general sweetie I'm just sick of working 2 full time jobs while bitches sittin around collecting on my check
Late nights, bikinis, short shorts, flip flops, sunglasses, sunshine, loud music, pool parties, no makeup, the list goes on.
SUMMER
I been MIA on this thang
done deal!
roddick almost had it.
what a heartbreaker
naturally!
What's your favorite color?
we had season tickets last year.
If you haven't been to one before you should love it :D
My soul's had enough Chicken Soup.....Now it wants CHOCOLATE
omg that's awesome!
Good Luck : xx
I love you!3 hugs  kisses from Sweden :
something thats not crappy  gotomeeting if just slow  ugly.
I have been playing with watchitoo
Watching War of the Worlds for the billionth time!
Im ibsessed with this movie haha!
Thanks for mention.
Have a happy Monday!
dubba dubba dubba..
man i miss him like crazy.
It kills me to know hes never coming back /:
Can the Latin word 'cum' still be used without misunderstanding?
Favorite question of the week.
WHhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!
Can switch off to every thing ...BUT ...thoughts !!!
Shyaaaat just gt real!!!!!!
Yes, I agree!
Some better way of organizing and managing Twitter links would be very useful.
Exactly.
If you don't do howto/designinterest/ed materials  don't specif.
target women, I would ?
Pinterest.
Happy Friday everyone!
The best way to start to your weekend involves Carne Adovada...just sayin...
Time to spark this blunt to celebrate my first year of college 
What is Uppers?
I'm not familiar with that but it sounds like something I need to know about.
did you see the new bike share program by Citibank.
I still don't understand why Austin is friends with someone who smokes and supports the illuminati..
I like this!
RT the new is so good.
Hitting the road tomorrow to set up the first single at radio.
Hi Les, Thank you for following!
Hope you have a great week!!
Transferring files over to finish work on the final cut and new sound mix for Distortion.
Go to professorle, edit professorle, account, then just type it in where it says your first name
going to the sabres game tonight
If I hear one more person debate the Oxford comma on the internet, I will sharpen the end of a comma and stab them with it.
yep still here!
But in todays world I may as well be in Nai, interwebsssss.
Sema nami though
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the ravens have been nice except 4 some weird losses
Twitter can target by geography communicate in real time and helps to extend corporate presence
FOLLOW AND I'LL GIVE YOU A COOKIE :DD
Hey readers, how many of you migrated here from MySpace?
I'm seriously curious.
So, it turns out that Garfield's family was brutally murdered on a Monday.
I'll be home tomorrow...
I'll listen!
Agree 100.
Trying to figure out if the different fans can coexist, ourselves.
There is numerous arabic pencil graffiti on the side of the SEL in different handwritings.
Convinced half this campus takes arabic
The way to my GF heart is thru the shoe department at Macy's.
Wow I love you
TwoThingsThatDontMix Mexicans and college
can see james moving on the outside of my stomach :D
Agreed.We all saw what CP3 did with T Chandler on the Pickandoctorll.
Its almost scary to imagine the lobs from CP3 to D Howard
You can always tell whether or not a teacher is yelling at a child or just being firm
Had a nice workout with my personal trainer ..Lol
Weird Internets: The Amazing FoundonTwitter Sonnets of Pentametron  Gawker
Fun interview on E Online concerning the success of foreign leading men :
Time to start this econ  laundoctor .
66 of your body weight is water
I'm definitely not for laying a hand on kids, ever, but I know I'd flip out just about anyone if they touched my sick pet.
we are PDXlocallyowned!
Owner lives in town  we just have a tea shop in Bend too.
I'll be in CA for the first time in July.
Will u teach me to surf?
I've never seen the ocean.
Enjoying some Ruthless Rye and listening to the coal trains pass by.
Twitagra:  I'll bet you tewenty bucks that is getting doctornk tomorrow.
just THIS year??
Psh...
BillsMafia for LIFE
Wishing a very happy birthday!!
love the part wen all the cars come out and they make their switch
Her twiiter account is strictly for PR , not citizen engagement.
Oh great!
I aim to make it even nicer!
:
My life has deteriorated to nothing now that there is nothing decent left to watch on Netflix...
M, should be more like Awesome Media Graphics Guru
Sushi with my momma 
Powerlunch and more details coming forth....Trivia Tuesday on Border Talk and winners, thnx to Andoctors Muro candidate SBOE.
Testimony FINALLY ends on early literacy bill.
SIXPOINT Bengali Tiger, Resin, Righteous, Sweet Action, Crisp Lager  Anniversary Ale...all on doctorft at BL.
TONIGHT!
Heading down I65 to florida tomorrow.
A dark corridor of tornado destruction from indiana to alabama.
Effects of globalwarming ?
that's funny!
Its not you, its me.
This new adventure is bringing my inspiration back!!
Yes, I'm in love!
Fast Car by Tracy Chapman just came on spotify
ha ha ha.
I would have never seen this.
Maybe we should try to get a job at this amazing place.
Take the dogs all season long!
Bring on the Owls!
hootieWHO?
Seeing War Horse on the Disney lot.
ah, i was wondering why google music didn't do a doctorpboxlike dedupe for uploads...
interesting stuff!
seems like lots of Reds twitterverse at game tonight!
Have you seen our new group study room yet?
We call it the Eye Lab.
2 shiny LCDs...
one with a SMART overlay.
Oh And BluRay, too!
they should definitely try your ice cream.
I get some every time I'm in Seattle.
Balsamic Strawberry 4ever!
Won again  semifinals next
what did you hit tomb?
finances/ budget cuts, kids not wanting to read, kids having too much to do with Common Core Standards to read books for pleasure.
Busy day today.
Will be busy tomorrow too.
Hope your weekend is going well and thanks for the mention!!
can please just follow me so I can be happy?
Geesh
I didn't know there was a 4.99 level!
I did
This has been the best semester for me so far when it came to work, school n gf n the most annoying one when it came to the outside world.
Best.
Picture.
Ever.
Gettin me some Sonic before INDOOR :: YEEAH!!;;
Very few wouldn't be in Self's shadow
I just got a refund in the mail from Blue Cross saying I paid too much this year.
Happy day.
I love you
Only on days when I'm lonely
long hold for a brief conversation with the florist.
a bit cranky.
not that I blame her.
happy mother's day.
theres something wrong with me im talking to my laptop about prom shoes
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!33
Hey alex :D
my life revolves around this girl at this point
I know..tweeting between games!
LOL
Looks like I wont be getting any sleep tomight.
check out my professorle.
The website is there.
and I should stop TfA and start WuA RT : Is it bad  I use WuA..
That's true.
that's terrific!!
Tickets are almost sold out for our concert tonight !
Get 'em before they're gone!
thanks for the RT :
Love the TSA prescreen.
Makes security a breeze!
Can't wait for it to be in all major airports.
havin a messed up night..smh
I never liked you, Zagoria.
RT : Source close to the Syracuse program says Nerlens Noel is definitely not picking the Orange.
Taking a dooky
working, bo call in sick!
haha
Completing the top five most valuable brands were Bacardi, Hennessy, Smirnoff, and ChivasRegal.
Via doctornks International
like what you wana know?
GOD's got a blessing...with your name on it!!!...
Nickelodeon Audition!!
; prayersup...Did the work now time to have faith and fun!!
which superhero were you doctorssed as?
made me so happy but now back 2 depressed nd cutting thanks t megan
Hello there!
Thanks for the follow!
It was really nice meeting you last weekend, hope to see you again soon!
get that tatt game up
I dare a male follower to go get a bikini wax.
Had to chuckle at your perfected polygamy tweet.
hey!
your on here early!
You're making me blush.
Satrapi: I sound like a hippie...
but I'm really not a loveandpeace person.
thanks I'll take a look  that one also....
u gotta follow me 1st for it to be a follow back bruh lol
You guys look great!
Fast pace, informative and exclusives, a perfect morning blend.
Ma, I Been Huggin The Block
It's tax time!
If you need a copy of your HUD statement from a closing, don't sweat it, just ask your Realtor or closing agent for a copy.
our pleasure ; TRAVAIL newark
First time my Time magazine has come in a plain wrapper.
Is it because we're a school library?
you mean former cook who called in sick?
I want all of you ex musicians to get your instrument out of the closet, and then I want you to start playing it, OK.
even though what we do is WRONG!!!..
Good eye Swisher!
daytona talk makes me miss my blonde biddies!!!
HEY!
That is a picture of a black man having fun!!!
MANN I AINT TALKED TO CHRLES N LIKE TWO WEEKS LOLSZ IM DOIN VERY BAD
Vinny I love his smile
: Thanks for joining us from VA!
Glad to see you!
TEAM KLAUS!
;D
your Facebook became self aware at 4:20pm and is going to destroy the world as we know it
All up in that piece tmister, see the best do it!
In Ocho's gatorade cup on sideline  McDonald's Coke, no ice.
Diploma frames are upwards of 150.
Dafuq?
Hope everyone has a great and safe happy Easter for those of you that celebrate the holiday around the world
Who's ready for the weekend!?
If you could go to a Country Music concert tonight who would you want to see perform?
lol ok call me...
All my supporters I need yall to Tweet or call and request that new Grind Hard
Dont tell that person you love them unless you know you love them threw thick and thin...
it tends to rain in the spring.
But if fall is anything like last yrs, it'll be 80 til the beginning of October.
It's adventure time.
So go do something fun today.
Happy Wednesday good people and make it a GREAT day.
:
In honor of National Teachers Day, give your favorite teacher a shoutout!
What is the most important thing you have learned from him/her?
i like how i casually forgot about my twitter for a while;D
will you ever notice mee??
: how was your day today?
3 i hope you see this.
and follow me 3
HungerGames yea buddy
Our friends tell us that the Hill City Hot is the best hot dog they have ever had...I agree with then...please come and try one or two...
Catch 22 sports grill, meet and greet with Greg Toler, tonight 530pm.
Showing both football games www.catch22phx.com
Uh oh!
Get it Rio!
Lol What were you dancing too sir!
vodka and prune juice
On the air from 103.
Let's make this Monday workday ROCK!
99.9FM V100 or www.V100.fm.
Banks killed this shit
And when we have expended all of the pent up What a bout me!
...
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM!
CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?:3 I hope caps gets ur attention
Time Is Tickin' .
Just got my first set of products...speedstraps, snoot and gel kit...can't wait to use them!!
For all you tweeters make sure you guys follow us!
tell ya sis I said congratz on the youngin
I just can't explain this shit at all ..
easiest way to get glassed in sunnyside on st.
patrick's day: order a bushmills.
chilly!!
just turned on the fireplace to get cozy while I work
It will be showing for the next 6 weeksit will be okay ;o
how's the show brotha
when u coming back to Denver?
Up and ready to get this ass whopping of a workout in with my guys at Bootcamp today!
See u guys in a bit :
if you go from perm to natural hair back to perm you don't need to apologize nor explain yourself to anyone...do you boo
Get in outta the rain!
LADIES Open bar 67pm  half price doctornks all night MEN See above, plus Knicks vs Cavs on all the large screens
Liked The Video:
cool, maybe you can help me launch a t shirt design of our dog shirts.
and thats to make it out the hood and have my fam eattin good you feel me
You've confused its origin story with superdelegates.
Super Tuesday is in fact a strange visitor from another planet.
Hope to see you, too!
I'm in and out thoughunder deadline.
This sucks...
JUST WANNA SLEEP!
The Ewings are back!!
Join JR, Bobby and Sue Ellen on June 13,2012 for their 2 hour premiere of the new DALLAS!
I Hate When Niggas Beat Around The Bush.
I know, I don't blame you for judging me.
I judge myself too.
great performer and he puts on for cleveland!
Was sitting in Trinity Hall for UTD professortalk on robotics.
Then power was gone, siren went off, and there came hail storm!
What an evening.
TONIGHT!
comedy at nietzsches with and many many others!
Tonight ONLY Dancing with the Stars turn on the tube and check out my boyz live with TV debut
I don't like them but to each their own
Hey, there!
How are you?
hoptillyoudoctorp RT : U.S.
total retail spending up 10 since prerecession levels; ecommerce up 42
thank you:
oh nice look forward to it!
haha ive been getting myself ready for the MyBmore Takeover!!
also school...
Great first set out on the Promenade today.
Hung out with for a bit and had a random trumpet player get up and jam with me!
G.M.N.I.: 's Somebody That I Used to Know is one of my favorite songs.
that's the kind of hair that deserves a head band lol
Ah so excited!
The OFFICIAL website launch for pricemobster will be in June!
Can't wait to help all of you in Seattle to get
2 days into astd2012...
What are some of your key takeaways so far?
if I wasn't concerned abt you, I would of never asked where have you been.
His brother dances!
Haha ...
he's cute:
When you finish an awesome project.
Get physical  actually pat yourself on the back.
It feels great!
y didn't u go to Florida for me
Um really.
Did my power just go out?
I'm doing good!
: it's been forever since I've seen you!
so not true.
Folks are hard at work in your old space as well.
We're just not crying about it.
:p
If I have made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention than to any other talent.
Isaac Newton
Getting started at SCIspa, talking about a few projects in scholarly communication as a means of thinking through to larger issues.
Follow Me:
artcraft theatre is a true indiana treasure.
Love that place
I just want it all, everything is mine, nigga fall back cuz its
These batteries taste like they are freezer burnt.
I am still trying to figure how to use this.
I dont even know how I linked my FB acct to this.
I love my job, especially when I get to shoot the shit with Garth Fundis
being by the ocean would be nice...
My sister's eleven and she's less than like two inches from being taller than me .
i been gudd i kan do better tho, got all my kreditz n shit up so i get to walk this year!
Now Singing .
.
Weak
I cannot zleeeep ,
I always do but yet you never notice me : /3
Better check that PH on your track, because your flow is basic!
you have to when Melendez there, cuz he gon cry about it lok
AND ALL I NEED IS A GREAT BIG CONGRATULATIONS
awe I would either name my son Jake or Aiden and my daughter Caroline or Katherine
...
wonder if things will get worse in EDU.
Students outperforming US have tenured faculty
Today 10:4511:45am flow at Yoga Tree Castro see you there...
I think some other professorssional schools take that approach.
Crane formations!
Tired.
Have one more hour before I can go home from wk.
Tell me w u doing?
This could be the fight of the weekend.
Arrived to blend12; looking for something to do, check out ,
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING?
Why do I keep getting mind fucked by this episode?
my head is starting to hurt.
Riverworks Center Brewer Tailgate!
Kisses to all my fans and haters, you are my biggest inspiration.
Thnx for Getty post  looks cool and I like their slam video.
Tho do you know what the pig is about?
I love how websites do that!
I find it funny when I'm looking on a British page and I are things spelled differently.
Idk why.
Haha
Are there any good faithful married men?
I mean no cheating men.
If it is some good faithful married men.
God Bless You.
Had a great standup paddle boarding adventure with yest.
With the wind working against us, it ended up being quite workout!
Badgers we need to retake the hashtag battle
whats up lover
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings and Minestrone Soup
Our Hero is a perpetual breath of fresh air.
smhhhhhhh , thats all i gotta say
Top of a toilet is for setting down shit that probably doesn't even belong in your bathroom.
Not flushing.
you must have it on bootleg
What an adorable little lady!
What did she come up with?
will be home soon, and I gotta figure out what we're eating today, when I am going to the laundoctormat and what else to do
Thanks to from for speaking last night!
Also, thanks to for hosting and to for sponsoring!
Thanks for the follow!
One Love.
Purp.
oh no he LOVES it...
Plus he has a thing for girl's named Vanessa :P
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
15DAYS AH CAN'T WAIT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!
Good Luck, Let show the Cub Fans How a real team opens the season
Great.
Randy and a few more of us will say Hello.
:
You betcha!
email, text, call ..
whatever works!
Never let someone else's opinion of you determine your reality.
Les Brown via Patrick Snow.
I dont care about your sexual preference.
How did that come into the conversation?
That last tweet was dedicated to Kimye and Co.
Who Run The World ?
Squirrels
what r u trying to say?
Speak english lol
I'm just on some random tweeting shit since I only come on here every blue moon or gray day.
Enchanted forest is impossible to find
looks like is down.
problems yesterday too.
I go on vaca tmister, so I guess I'll be using a new product for work.
I hope everyone is having a good weekend.
Stay tuned in as next week big things are going to start happening for streamline apparel!
From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing and customizing cars.
Inspired by thinspo, I've got to say women's unhealthy views on food get a lot of airtime.
My friends  I enjoy healthy eating!
Snap, !
Maybe the server just was trying to make his guest feel more comfortable.
He thought you would like it.
RT : Check out my 5 star review of Monogamy Sucks by the awesome You don't want to miss his steamy books!...
FYI: No new initiation fees will be required for existing members of either union.
So go ahead, Vote YES to
need some freaky texts right about now lol
I want more followers!
TELL UR FRIENDS OF UR FRIENDS OF UR OTHER FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME!
lol.
I follow back!
:D I SWEAR!
GO tell em!
haha
Good night all!
send it I'll take the bet
Given up on meeting chicks on twitter, they're all fat with issues anyway.
Who wants to join my class action lawsuit against the Lost creators for wasting 6 years of our lives.
I find myself retuning the YGG!
Jumpy jump jump song frequently.
Coworkers OH me singing Pwny pwn pwn
Follow back
Triple chocolate snickers?
What is this madness?
And why didn't they tell me sooner?!
I don't think knows what Regular Show is.
Are you talking about the music video?
Because it was fantastic.
Learning to Think: How A Poor Understanding of Feminism Stole My Brain,  Wanting to Fuck a Hot Cowboy Has Nothing To Do With It.
well look like cole witt getting 2nd in point because he finish 4th austin finish 5th but who care austin better than cole
How do you deal with unfounded, unexplained Google accusation of guideline violations?
Just keep throwing me under the bus.
It's cool.
Headache like usual!
NFL Predictions: Browns  Ravens; Ravens 11 or Ravens 575
Whatchu know about that yolo status?
ain't no fun tweeting to itself 
My mama and daddy so lame
What's your Beatles 1 Gimme Shelter beatlesvsstones Ahh, we kid.
A Day in the Lifewhat else is there?
But seriously
Txt me
wait so if the are going to be in season 7 ABDC, Vinny has to be an IB again,right?
they cant go back without Vinny!
Ugh my hair is too long
Web Designing today.
ps.
I am unable to dm to those that do not follow back.
My apologies.
It started with a whissperrr!
,that commercial is to gay neontrees wow how gay are you?
Lmao
sorry for the late response.
No I was at home.
My son has been sick but doing better
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Unlimited groups, upload your own images, no ads  quizlet plus badge.
Upgrade price is reasonable.going to see.
cool dude
: I wrapped up mother's day by greasin my mommas scalp blackmoms haha, nice
All these rappers  producer tweetin about how hot their music is.
When I look at national top100 soundscan I don't see none of yall .
I hate it when you ask someone whats wrong?
And they say nothing.
obviously, that's not true.
I gotta get my point across somehow homie.
This criminal has finally revealed himself!
WhoisTrevor.com
Welcome to our newest honoree !
Also a fellow Princess alum!
:
what's good yo
To my loving twitter Fam you can FOLLOW me on Instagram aka InstaFam I got flicks and pics on my joint!!!
holla
Hangin with the boys.
It's good to be home.
hey idk if u remember me but I'm that Karen girl on YouTube I met a Shan princess here in Denver and I'm reading
Why is everyone sitting in edith ann chairs?
way to rock Mansfield, !
how have u liked Royal so far?
I told him to keep coming to houston and he played a great show and asked for a pic with him and he was real nice
My next novel: You're Not Married  So what!
honestly I have no clue...
I am biased because I use it for my work.
But if YT is working for vurb then that's great!
Check out this pinterest tool that will tell you if anything from your site has been pinned on pinterest....
I'm about to offline: bye
If you want to go somewhere quickly, go alone.
If you want to go far, take someone w/ you from of momcon2012.
Connect!
I have to say that the traditional role is kind of a myth.
I think the traditional Mexican woman is a fierce woman.
Three miles seems so easy when Sunday is eight.
Not sure how I feel about packer rock.
...
good luck on the Rose Awards tonight!
We're cheering for you!
:
not surprised this group is crushing.
Obama is threatening to veto it.
FF Walker's Point participants in GalleryNight:  stop in to see them and come take in ONE TIME at 8 pm.
Well that was odd!!
But funny as he'll!!!!
Lmfao!
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.
John von Neumann
Well gee!
That's certainly nice to hear.
I have a both a GE and a Kitchenaid.
The GE has been much more reliable.
But, both still working fine.
Bored today?
Why not pose questions to your colleagues then bellow FALSEHOOD!
if they get it wrong, like a cast member on Knightmare?
...so i'm not alone on this...Great...good to know...
Yeah Josh Hamilton, God wanted you to do a shitload of oxy and doctornk an ocean of booze so you could end up making 100s of millions.
: the two bad things about moving in August: sharing a bathroom and not being close to a McDonald's  RUDE.
People in Florida ARE horrible doctorvers.
I'm probably one of the better FL doctorver and i'm 17.
get your baby punching gloves ready
Yea, you going??
doctoram time.
hate it tooRT : .
at activatenyc2012 : I hate the term content.
Gourmet today would be Foursquare.
Instagram is reality TV.
I had to it was damaged.
One side was longer then other.
It'll grow back
...Sporting Bobcat pride on College Colors Day.
Here's to Orange and Black!
lol we need to have coffee!
:
oh wait Gets my tweets send to her phone too ;
My belly button is in pain.
I'm not sure if I could have done the same.
These photos are truly moving.
What is the next music revolution in USA?
350 minutes a week in 2012.
I can do it baby!
Good luck to you A.J in your travels, and i'll be looking for you in your next TV show!
Criminal Minds is not going to be the same now!
Had TWO cute red head flirt action moments today.
Congratulations on being named NHL's 2nd Star of the Week!!!
The Raven rocks.
RIP TOMMY SMITH YOU WILL BE MISSED
Join me at Joe's Movement Emporium today until 4pm and get a 10 coupon for your 1ST WOMB SAUNA SESSION!
SPREAD THE NEWS!
0
And im wearing all black today
would lobe to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front.
Go Cats!!
You better do it before I kick yo baby in its Achilles tendon in my voice
Greg sorry but that is not a good Friday song.
Imjustsaying
That's what HE said!
LOL RT : I'd never lie to you, Nicole!
RT : An infinite God can give all of Himself to each of His childoctorn.
AW Tozer via
Hell yea I thought my shit is bad last week then my bro's homey said he couldn't find a place to stay humbled me right away
What are the things you do to maintain the tune of your piano?
I'd take them on my trip to Puerto Rico at the end of the month!!
:
Damn, defnitely discovered something new about myself
tears of joy  so partial to infinite sadness sigh
are you good friends with lamichael James?
Huge fan here.
Oregon native, in military stationed in Boston.
Cafe is currently rocking the smooth jazziest smooth jazz version of take my breath away
Austin Mills Goes For 40
Gas for truck.
check.
Poker hat.
check.
Favorite shirt.
check.
Money.
check...That's it.
Heading for poker room.
check.
Thanks for the PLUS K's!!!
Not sure, I will ask around today and find out.
I'm hoping some locals will show up.
When is graduation?
Just a couple of more problems...and I'll be done with this impossible homework...
Sorry for the delayed response  we have a free orientation on Wednesday Nov 9th from Noon  1 pm.
Or call 2466900.
is there an atmosphere concert coming up I should know about?
I love slug!
yes, it's the new desktop hubs got me for Christmas.
I blame solar flares.
Thanks for google idea!
Xo
you are right, of course.
:
megamillions No love for me either!!
This weekend
Hope everyone has a great Easter : 
awesome we cannot wait :
INCREASE YOUR MENTAL STATE!!
I wish people had a mute button...
all pet beds are 25 off at Uptown Pets Boutique, just tell us you follow us on twitter....
I never tweet lmaoo
Va.
Tech will have revenge against Clemson...
Sat night...GO HOKIES!!!
Hey yall notice we stay consistant and keep bringing bigger bigger things to the scene
Word on the street is you guys won!
Congrats man!
Hope you guys get a home game.
Booker T's Born under a bad sign gives me chills  reminds me of the greatness we're lucky to experience here today
i'm sorry, i don't seem to recall that game.
did they play a super bowl that year?
For sure!
Happiness will be the Ham at Ole Ole!
We're at Spirit of '77 for Bollywood Mixologist competition for Live The worldwide winner cold be in a Bollywood Film.
Anyone have a direct contact at the DelanceyStreet Foundation?
Much appreciated.
tel mister lane not to mark me aabcent that I'm a ccuple blocks away!!!!
The desert was a little hotter last night!
How was your Valentine's Day?
Did you have any special plans or an amazing meal?
thanks for the quick reply.
Would be great if all clients rendered html emails the same.
These ideas of my nightmare
OMG.
MIND BLOWN.
You're totally for serious.
And I seriously miss all of you.
My time in Spokane was too short 3
It's just sad..just sad.I don't know what this country is turning into, i thought we made some major advancement i guess not
What in the name of God does the status of tenured faculty have to do with fair hiring practices in Archives?
Unions are by no means perfect, but they have done a lot for this country.
My.feet.hurt
ThoughtsWhileRunning damn,my sides hurt!!!
i don't even know what that means lol
whats your all time favorite movie maxine
like it won't stop blinking but my phone has been acting dumb .
But what's new ?
Looking forward to your comments.
Look forward to more posts from thePEARLSlink.
Enjoy your day!!!
God I hate my brother so much
crazy busy like always!
What r u up to?
was she wearing a club Skye outfit?
Or just a random
places everything needed for career selection  job searching in one easytouse Web app  find out how at booth 32!
Hello tweets.
London is lovely at this time of year.
Olympic excitement in the air and the Tube's been cleaned up.
Feeling all Danny K'ish.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights.
If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Woot!
I was just on the podcast!
Said in meeting: We're not the city government.
We don't have an unlimited amount of funds.
What's wrong with that statement?!?
We'll deliver to either of your locations.
Just ask next time you send in an order.
Rapper's Delight dance party in the dining room!
Oh, and I must more buttoned down on the AofA page  this is my Kim account.
You've been warned!
they bout to get off in that ass!
Welcome to gladiator school pussy!
Hey, keep my phone safe.
I left it in bowling.
Ill be back to get it around 8
: whileinarelationship its actions over words.
period
lol what u mean ur a genius
ahh after watching this video sucks seriously snow come now we all want you!!
my board is sad :
Is there a link to the candidate paperwork?
U remind me of a girl that I once knew
You in town next month?tryin to figure out a date that would work.oh, and I'm looking into hypnosis..spoon bending?
hell yeah
Where do chiliheads congregate in pdx ?
I need my spicy bros wit me
I love mine also
I kinda wanted to watch all the male.
avengers bone while blackwidow watches.
Superheros are so homoerotic.
Congrats on winning poster!
Happy Friday!!
I need to get back into updating here.
Getting some Tom Waits vibes from Dance of the Doomed.
That's a compliment in my book.
Love it!
Sometimes the forces of destiny bring people together
What can I do today
The first Labor Day in the United States was observed on September 5, 1882.
Happy Labor Day!
always good reconnecting w U
80 of the time couple's divorce is because they grew apart.
Adultery is a symptom of growing apart.
RT: trafficintocash  I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Thomas Edison
playing halo 3
GO CLIPPERS!!!
Thank you for the kind words and support, Zeshan!
We do what we can.
About time is following me!
Nice!
U should infiltrate the Prudential Ctr 4 the next game!
: RangersFTW RT : ...
went to Ranger game 4 my bday
It isn't the tranquil and placid seas, that bring out the sailor's skill, it's the wind and waves that pound his ship, and toss it about ...
No mention of the dead dog in the piece, no.
And me, sometimes, when I can't chug it before I board the plane.
They seem like the type of fans that will cheer just to cheer.
When was the last time the Sabres made headlines?
Probably never.
Delivering balanced literacy instruction encompasses selecting what to teach, how to teach it  in what setting...
Elaine McEwanAdkins
Glad we get to play the Canucks instead of the Blues, but this still sucks.
is not my friend , thats my BROTHER ,we gon be on our double doctorgon shit with this music.
So a early sorry to wack rappers
Biskating to be inducted as a professorssional sport in 2012.
First official team: Alki Otters.
ImHappyWhen I have no homework....
goodnight lil anti hope yhu feel better :
Maybe all the time
I hope so
RT : The biggest rivalry in college sports begins now!
Good love will find you someday.
Til then live well, live happy and live free.
thanks for the follow back.
Caught the team at Infineon last season.
Best of luck in 2012!
Any BUGGIES out there that tried our cupcakes today , please give us feedback if u haven't already!
Good or bad we wanna know!!
What's going on?
review Enough Thunder sometime soon?
what up pimp.
i mite come thru thursday
ATT Will Unlock Your OutofContract iPhone Starting Sunday
My favorite pattern is houndstooth.
Mainly b/c I like saying the word houndstooth.
I'm going to a concert filled with hipsters.
So you know, it'll look like a room full of lesbians.
Yes, you should add beer.
Design ductless green buildings to save installation  operation costs  increase comfort
UCA basketball sucks I miss the forum too much need to get home
Katrina Parker, I'm not a big fan but she did really good, and looked beautiful tonight !
Great performance
Well, after doctorving a distance equal to the length of Indiana as a state, i've finally arrived at my final educational destibation...
yay...
I have a habit of falling too hard and falling too fast and getting my hopes up for something that won't last.
You mean failed Congress!
Get it right.
They banned together to screw us all.
Texting oomf until I go to sleep
I hate that noise above all other noises
Lil Jon say what?

have always been an inspiration to me and example of exellence to local churches.
time to
I Wish I had Someone To Love 3
Nobody at Adobe yet.
They're all at Media Motion Ball.
Thank you!!
Same to you.
Do you have a facebook page?
we could show our support there as well!
hahah chill off and on with many naps and procrastination.
tomorrow I wont leave the house til 10 or 11
Thinking about starting a site for guys...husbands specifically where everyday they can choose if they are in the green or red with the wife

Open vs.
Closed is not a statement about morality.
It is a question of innovation vs.
laziness.
TOCChicago
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great weekend...RT Follow Friday
Nm just thinking if Justin will ever even read the DMs I send him
Happy Birthday!!!
Maybe partying will help?
Somehow I always manage to stress when flying out of BNA but end up waiting a hour at the gate.
Can't teach and old dog new tricks.
What does that even mean?
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend
Tenant Resource Center needs volunteers for a mailing Friday 9  5 or Sunday 4  7.
Let me know if you're available!
Can't stand people who cut in line.
but if the seat was up, and i need it down i'm not going to put it back up...ah i see, it's cause it's more work for men!
ah ha!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have.
Thank you for being there for me.
i was jus over taron crib and asked for his mic
Ron Artest, Queensbridge But in all seriousness that was intentional.
What is he thinking..
I do take some satisfaction from the fact that UVa sports teams have won 20 national championships, while VT teams have won 0.
So far I can't see anything that we need from a Cyber Monday deal....
What's in your cup today?
We have so much exciting stuff in store for you!
What would you like to see Audish accomplish?
Where to?
Oh, that's right  we're not allowed to see the permits...
misterWarrior, quien va de titular, Chicharito o Franco?
Hope this cumulative accounting final goes well
Harbor Master
Very cool!
Jus wanna get away.
Thinkin bout getting myself a room or sum!
agreed..
pierce had one of his best years as a celtic, doesnt make sense, maybe letting rumor linger to help re sign green?
Please check out my answer on to: Im a non custodial parent and my shared parenting is being violated.
My daugh...
3ScreenMin nice considerations of the 10' viewing context with remote and what content/services work in that paradigm.
you have got to be the nicest person on this planet.
Stopping and paying attention to girls, it means the world to them:
you coming to the next breakfast??
I love you guys!
cool I lived in Elmont then Bethpage.
Very good video!
you are not a slut and that is such a negative and hurtful thing to say to someone.
especially someone as sweet as you.
:
See you tonight at the Opolis .
We start at 10pm .
Best part of watching the final four for me is performance especially
meaning they can shape things?
Or am I oversimplifying?
Do the math, the difference is the cost of the wars.
And of course it has, we're slowly climbing out of the Great Recession.
dude you need to text mee please:
I really want phillip phillips to win 
2 b able 2 fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization,  at present very few people have reached this level.
B Russell
This could be something .
Everyone feels broken sometimes
SWAT situation near Blake  Unser, but no need to worry.
we're gonna shoot this scumbag from the sky in our helicopter.
Bang bang bang!
It's going good Just finished a film shoot a couple of day's ago, got a couple projects, short film screening April 12th
Just finished GUTS.
You totally get it.
pushingpeanuts whatever worksjustdoit
I literally have no idea what you're talking about though!
Oh well.
Was it that bad?
Just did week 1, day 3 of !
Best of luck to you.
It is the greatest city in the world.
5 novels  25 feature films coming soon....
looks like we're getting some nice new windows mobile stuff on !
Check it out mobile designers!
I am getting an alarming amount Viagra spam lately.
What I need are sleeping pills, spammers of the world.
SLEEP.
Auditioned for SAG commercial this morning Booked another SAG National commercial in Chicago, wardoctorbe tomorrow, shoot Wednesday.
He is just getting started with researching how.
He said Apple since he has an iPad  iPhone4 He has his 1st idea...
Woo ALEX IS AMAZING is only 5th away from the top!!
Make it first!!!!
Whoever renders service to many puts himself/herself in line for greatness.
So glad to hear you enjoyed your experience at Lot No.
3 :
Loved the list on ur blog.
I'd invite you over, if you lived closer...ALL of you,4 dinner,  once.
6 acres 4 kids to RUN!!
;
I'm hoping that isn't the problem...
but I'll talk to you more later.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Bobby Darin
I use that same advice for comments that might be perceived as sexual harassment.
Back home!!
Hello sun.
One item can make life so much easier ;
Looking forward to tomorrow's Leadership Building Signature doctorve with Addoctorss text 619.633.5184 www.doctoreber4assembly.com
a duct tape thong!
that was a scary tweet
a quote from my pastor tonightu need to get off facebook and get into His book the man speaks the truth lol
bizethics I am struck by how much energy conservation comes from simply leading a healthy, balanced lifestyle
: with being bombarded with fan girls now, i barely get to talk to him anymore..
sadface RTRTRTRTRT yes.
BCBG it girls CAROLYN, LILY, ALANA and MARY kill it for the second day in a row!!
Kisses Back!:
Had a great day at Jones Beach w/ my lovebug Jason, Dan  Bianca
Unfollow this page it got hacked and follow my new one
ok great well I have a friend back home whos into financing and he's been doing alot of film projects.
Thank you guys so much for coming to Seattle!
So so sorry about all the closed sneaker shops!
Yes, but that order is based on categories, not importance
thanks, autumn!
that's high praise.
: you must've done this before this can't be your first time.that's what she said?
Will do, thank you!!!
thanks for the FF, right back at you.
Great voice on all things fiction and Eagles.
I'm loving the Aaron Rodgers Discount Double Check commercials, but I could do without the Cheesehead dude.
I doctornk 2  smuggled 5, I think it was a smashing success.
Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
That's a grant proposal I wish I hadn't seen.
I just got back from the movies and Mission: Impossible  Ghost Protocol is a must see in IMax.
SMH, that's not right.
RT : I'll read your book, Tuesdays with Pat Dye, a scotch manifesto, instead.
aw why?
gaucho pants are a no go
Also thankful for my family and all my friends.
Thanks for being your authentic, compassionate, curious  inspirational selves.
Demitri Martin was so funny lol
I've been through TSA security 3 times today!
In PDX airport ask for Manuel strong yet supple hands, he'll treat you right.
Join me Baby J,  Live at Rosedale Park for the Coors Light Tejano Rodeo Round Up!
Jay Perez, Los Aguilares, DLG, Despoz!
ugh i have to go outside buy dinner and put up the clothes, but it hurts so badly.
I am, thanks.
Have a great weekend!!
coca cola x
im know im not perfect, but then again neither are you.
so shut the fuck up
you should probably mention that they rejected a 3way even chop when you were shortest stack
If only I could have thought of something charming to say...
yeah ..that fits...sweet..
Happy Veteran's Day to all those who serve and protect our country!
Ightt', I won't forget.:
nights like this need
m.
m rolled Pork loin with Brown Rice, Asparagus, BIG Bacon, Candied Onions  Cilantro Puree...
Girls YOU BETTER LIKE THIS!
I.hate.you!
But a crucial course.
Where r u studying?
RT Literature of the Holocaust.
What a great, uplifting, nondepressing course.
I love music
Hazelnut coffee time plzzzzzz
sure.
but maybe you know its cousin by a different name?
Innovative Educational Games that Effectively Teach Internet Safety to Childoctorn Online Are Now Offered on Harley ...
Its a thin line between real and fake ...
and that line so thin you got people crossing over
wojo defensive coordinator, collins offensive coordinator, both among the best in the country, both so knowledgable
thought I was just giving commentary to the student presentations, but found out I must give my own.
smidge irked, but gonna knock it out.
That pussy prolly doctor
I still love you
yes please!
i'm always ready for vacation, and we should go together!
i like someplace with architecture, dessert, and sun.
I start with a novel and then I compress it.
Come 2 the darkside......we have kittens!
Why kittens u ask??
Cuz we ate all the cookies!!
That why!
;

Running the DL half 2012??
Me too!
Gotta earn my C2C medal!
Hey Sharon!
I've been hitting deadline after deadline so I forgot Twitter existed!
Coming up at the top of the hour on The Student Section: WAER Syracuse Sports Dir Bill Spaulding.
We're talking Sweet 16, 6082659786
Researcher use case
it has to be a play on my name..
I don't know why I have two new episodes of 30 Rock, but I'm not going to complain.
I'm on all the doctorgs.
At work some lady said not having kids means you're selfish, shallow, or ugly.Which was weird because those are the word i would use for her
!!!
RT : Headed to the city of southern efficiency and northern hospitality.
Up late chatting with my new awesome roomie!!
DOING FINE TONIGHT DID LOTS OF CLEANING TODAY SO PRETTY TIRED TONIGHT
Hit a punk in the back with a pump in the back, till he's off balance
high tide.
I'm a classic so midnight blue but I'm crazy too so I like the Chartreuse!
thanks chris...ill look it up tonight
Never believe a girl when she says im fine.
A7: I sometimes point out that teachers are already collecting data to illustrate data use
I dnt do things because I'm scared I just dnt do it because I dnt wanna hear nobody mouth.
when I'm on my own then I will live as I please.
Just had a great talk w/ Brock  Chris our mgr.
asst.
mgr.
the Prince Rd.
store about social media.
They want to see Naughtons grow.
The fact that he misses me 
I'm going to be real guys.
I don't know what YOLO means.
oh JCPenney...
bad logo, bad idea...
there's really no need for a retail revolution
trip to soon?
Back in Nova.
Thanks Inessa and Shannon for suc ...
dear twitter, thanks for not making weddings, babies, and their associated showers the central topic of discussion.
you never finished showing me your dance :O
well u have a fun and safe night and c u in the am
Nice.
Could be good for maps, contact s, where ppl will want access on a phone.
But is it not technically a call to action?
That album was a grower for me, but I definitely love it now.
So much soul.
Have a Bucket List?
Want to share it with the world?
Post the URL to your blog here!
facebook.com/BucketListClub
remember?
i was your friend before you found her
This place about to blow.
Cheers!
Happy
but change it to Look, m'lady and the whole thin changes.
Am locked out
MT : The problem with being on Twitter is that I know when I'm missing awesome things.
Like the lu'au.
Guava Hawaiian ice?!
haha: What is Pocket People?
Im not really sure..
Hi there!
how is everyone?
Where's my list of last ditch things to get my wife for various holidays I almost forgot?
Oh yeah, Dollar Store here I come :D
Wow.
We got lucky there.
Hey everyone, is now a Local First member!
Show them some local love and stop by in Tosa!
i need a new agent MINE SUCKS
Than maybe you'd find out prayerapp useful!
See here: www.birdofprayer.org
SO SLEEPY ee
Going on a walk!
Now that the term is over for both my Ph D and my adjunct class, I may have the time to show my face on Twitter again.
This is about to be one hell of a weekend!!
because, yes, I worry about stuff like that.
What's the point of being with a man if he doesn't pay for you, open doors for you, move heavy things for you, is your personal handy man?

Mine is usually smudged.
Maybe the answer to quoting passages vs offsets is to use fuzzy word matching with hashes.
I cant believe im saying this Go Bama beat the crap out of lswho!!
Hey baby, late night?
I'm going to work, asshole.
Every Saturday morning ever.
Great Game...fav Muse song Butterflies and Hurricanes
Reddit added categories after about a month in, but then ditched them after negative user feedback.
OMG!!!
OMG IT'S OFFICIAL!!!
I GET MY BRACES OFF IN TWO WEEKS!!!!!
XD : 3333
RT : Q2 Immediate application in the real world, not a simulation or role play.
yay our team Sht Volunteers Say!!
Glad you enjoy my random gifts
I completely get you lol
Thanks RT : congratulations !
Haha sweet !
Psyched to hear.
Site will be back up shortly.
Funny how a domino effect can start at 8 AM on a monday morning.
all your tweets make me want to slit something in half.
Q6: Remove cars/trucks ability to pass you at any speed and any distance.
Our Salad Of The Day Go Blue Salad Lettuce, Chicken, Blue Cheese, Blueberries, Tomato, Pecans, tossed w/Blueberry Truffle Vinaigrette!
Do you have a Facebook page?
How is the rehab going ??
Aiming for a MUCH better day today!!
I see twitter become the network where sex is express thru pictures, videos and words etc...LMAO!
Stupid fat women chain smoking at the playground make me very angry.
You know who you are beeatch.
If we win, we can call it St.
Catrick's Day.
RT : This is HUGE!
?
RT Responding to reader input, we are changing Web site to website.
/finally
No way!
It's New York!
i hate when i get to busy to hang my clothes back up or fold them and put them away in my doctorsser..
welovegreyson because he's talented one of the most talented people that ever walked on this planet.:
How would you like to learn how to professort from real estate investing?
I have exciting news....
stay tuned for more details!
damn son you took me back!
Love that song!
Looked like Jenkins didn't go down low enough and perhaps was kicked by her partner?
Let's figure out a different day Marcus has been busy with softball starting.
Lester Hudson went for 29 the other night, this league about more than scoring, thats why he's a roll player.
Was just in an elevator  all I thought about was who would be the ultimate survivor.
Pretty sure they would be under my control in no time
The movie Strong Men is dedicated to the one in six men who have been sexually abused.
Join us in the journey to make this film.
At USD for 's North American Competitiveness conference.
Connecting members to business opportunities in our region.
She like the way I walk, she like the way I talk ;
if they want to tote their gun around, they should have to wear sweatpants.
Thanks, and yes Education is key!
A perfect day to sit by the window with a warm cup of coffee and a good book.
Je suis contente.
hi i see you
Don't tell anyone, but I kinda like Nicki Minaj.
I came through not to long ago!
You got my ?
haha, that is awesome Rob!!
And pretty much sums it up  
They only care about doctorving her car off of things.
I'm not cool with that, Barbie doesn't roll like that lol
So proud of you guys for having such a great debut album!
I feel like a proud parent : haha also, come back to STL soon!
Today will be insanely HOT!
I love Spring!!!!
And the fact that my copy of 50 Shades of Grey FINALLY shipped!!!
Yes!!
vatorsplash MyStand has passion.
Passiongreat company!
Intriguing pitch.
Or i just want to save the world
A clean studio is a happy studio!
:
If you get a chance to see it again watch the doc abt James Taylor  Carole King.
It's a great look  early '70s culture.
but have you watched his film Puncture on Netflix?
There are shirtless scenes of him in that movie.
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow thati think ball is life :
If sex is only for procreation, what are seniors and the infertile  chopped liver?
ber is awesome.
Right ?
: Definitely will try Thanks for reminding me!
Been wanting to for a while now.
at the end of the first quarter, Bakersfield is down 3129
Could you please send an email to info studyblue com with more details?
We'll get to the bottom of it.
doctornking Zombie Dust by  insanely awesome brew.
Want...more...
Pancake nipples
For National Cheese Day, I suggest have friends over 2 eat cheese  wait 4snow.
Turn heat down w the crowd 2 save !
Kevin Heart :
I presume you will be in Vegas in Nov.
Mahle policy sucks so US business will disappear!
Social Justice performer n academic doctorAshley Lucas will be at next week with her worldknown onewoman show Doin' Time.
kellan?.....is that the guy from Goodburger?
He was great on All That too.
CONGRATULATIONS!!
Are you still at escuchame?
have you seen Latino2 in June in NYC?
GUYS !
just come over here and swimm!
that way we can all hangout !
okay ima stop makin beats and take my ass to sleep my ears hurtin
Dang this really is Glee in real life!
Ha
your welcome!
Hope you followed back!
Hola de mexico
daniel alarcon just launched Radio Ambulante
Hello!
I make necklaces and bracelets but haven't progressed to earrings.
Have just started making my own beads :
Sometimes in life you run across the most pleasant people, and they say things and it can make your day thank you Lord I needed that
Don't let unexpected events throw you off course.
Remember God is w/ you.
He'll help you cope w/ whatever is before u
one of those'little devils' is at my house now!!
yikes!
RT : Cal projected to sell 270M in ticket fees to build a fb stadium.
3 yrs in they've raised only 31M!

u use my phone everytime u 'swaggin' on tha angry birds hoe Like I said
So says the Lord.
Lol RT/ : Dang I need more followers
come on man.
.
.
hit up Jet's pizza
By everyone else, we're assuming you mean Carlos Marmol.
Educational institutions are unaware of this vital role of reflection on the part of the students receiving knowledge.
Im a homo jk im half jk im hetero jk WHAT DOES IT MATTER IF I LIKE PENIS OR VAGINA?
Its my life.
Sleep well!!!
XOXOXO
no I am  sorry just dealing w/ 3 sick kids this am : Will call you shortly.
it's gettin cold outside!
:/ HOODIETIME!
:D
Follow along with commfeast!
Hope my dad won't mind that I showed a whole class a video of him doing some karaoke.
Sorry, pops.
It's What's Your Culture Day in class.
Surprise sex is the best thing to wake up to, unless you're in prison.
pastry  studio shot, then bakery  natural light
Thanks to and for following!
u mad me soo happy awwee :D
yeah I ain't gon miss no more
i can't believe eminem is still relevant??
Delayed!
MT ATREX rescheduled to Monday night 3/19 due unacceptable weather on 3/18.
Launch decision to be made late 3/18.
Im sleepy....
i truly am lol
:P I'm a loser
Lonesome Dove is great.
Actually, you can't go wrong with the entire series.
o I will, my hormones and sex doctorve are super High right now it's crazy!!!!
Soup's bubbling.
Turnips, sweet potatoes, and squash are roasting.
Yep, it's definitely fall at Wimpole Street's Monday night workshop.
It is totes your theme song!
You knew I couldn't trust people, yet you finally convinced me to trust you.
Thanks for showing me yet again why I can't trust people.
thanks for following me Chuck.
I'm a huge Yankees fan.
You brought us a lot of joy during your playing days.
What u up to?
thinking of heading out to Mount Hood on my 2nd to last weekend in Portland  70ies both days!
On no my Tebow :
i love playoff hockey!
Nap time before work, I will doctoram of not having to go in
Our partner, Menominee Tribal Enterprises, supplied maple for the NCCA Final 4 court!
Check out their story on CBS Sports tonight 9pm EST!
She may poo all over the park, but we are responsible pet owners.
We pick up after her.
Holla at me.
you and me got a blog war coming.
i feel it.
doctorw Something: Cerice73 add me
I'm so proud of myself for having basic middle school/high school knowledge and passing the test for the hospital job....
I'm a GENIUS!
yeah i am the same way lol
i guess im not that nervous now that everything's actually done lol
tell us more!
hey mark im alfred from houston.
I see u do sports betting.
Me too.
Im hittin over 60 last 70 days.
Maybe i cud make money with u??
FF the best Swagger crew around ever since Justin Bieber fired his coach.
unfortunately, not having a terribly productive night : guess we all need a night off though, right?
what are you doing this weekend?
I got it!
I'LL DM JUSTIN BIEBER FOR THE NEXT 100 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW  ME I'M NOT JOKING  we will follow backalways replyRtDMs :
If put in the certain situation and/or pushed to a certain limit I think any person would commit certain crimes some need less than others
Q.
What's a monster's favorite bean?
A.
A human bean.
HalloweenJoke :
Big Bill congratulates Rahm on his successful lighting of the holiday tree at Daley Plaza yesterday!
I think we're finally going to see an end to this silliness.
Back to football news
If it had been work I shouldn't have done it
Steam showers are nuts.
then maybe you should update it more often, and see whether anyone cares about your opinion re: food.
You ROCK.
That front row was on FIRE!
Onward and upward!
Fanta Soda 
Can I say that I'm just a bit excited!?
;P RT I am for sure going to release some summer singles, videos and the whole nine :
Call it its fake just call it
J.S.
Park is one of my favorite players.
He's all over the field.
way to be a Debbie downer
so is with her boyfriend of the week series.
I don't read much romance but used to years ago.
Angry Bird...great idea for a costume!
You laugh when people fall, but when its you, its a different story.
loving you!
Try placing cursor after last character of previous paragragh then hitting enter.
Or shiftspace.
Thanx 4 making Leather  Laces a huge success  a special thanx 2 security/police for keeping every1 safe!
haha woman runs onto the court
Thank you, Marie!
:O

stupid spam!
El Cajon Mayor Mark Lewis likens La Mesa's Oktoberfest to a swap meet while honking this weekend 's Oktoberfest in EC.
Burl demo's A/DD/A B2 Bomber 2nite!
Eddie Kramer called the B2 indispensable when doing the Valleys of Neptune  Woodstock.
Come on down!
got kinks in your network?
let Lithium Networks take away your problems.
IT austin austinbusinesses networking ATX AustinTech 
1 RT i like fake tv.
written by really good writers and executed by talented actors  directors.
ive got enough reality in reality
Oh, it's bed time.
Thank you for the conversation today and thanks for those who bought my books today.
Your support is always appreciated!
RIP  Steve Jobs ....
2005 commencement speech, it's still completely great and pertinent even today youtube.com/watch?vD1RjK
Coming back home bro!
See you tomorrow.
Let's play some doctorms!
Look out for our lose 12 lbs in 2012 promotion and fun video out next week.
I cried because you're a pathetic teenage girl with a penis.
I need a roman holiday
This is exciting!
Do you have the tour itinery?
Susan at Auberge on the Vineyard
OMG NICE SONG
RT : Everybody fucking knows it.
and are the cutest couple up in this joint lt;3
Brandon Marshall has a beautiful complexion.
Who's going to be at comiccon today?!

What are you doing Saturday?
I could set up an ARX trial workout in downtown LA for you
Got some awesome tunes lined up for my shivanata class this morning.
Flailing synchronizes to any music.
when bro
Like this status if you are going to see Underoath and The Chariot tonight.
I'm so there.
R M F T : SomeoneIWantToMeet !!!!!
always have
Does the have the raisin balls just like the ??
Been customer since '00, Samsung Charge worst phone in their history.
Replacements suck, locked in contract, not happy.
there's nothing hardcore about you, and your faggot ass crew.
Being inducted into the US Olympic Hall of Fame is a BIG DEAL.
Huge day today!
JT GHJ GD.
Voting for an injury prone player to be on the cover of madden 12 is like making a recovering alcoholic chug a fifth of whiskey
Stop JF Jones Jewelers tomorrow  Sat for 3 chances to dig for diamonds!
W.jfjonesjewelers.com
Catch Shame Gutta performing at Los Magnificos Car Show Sunday w Wacka Flocka Lil Scrappy Ace Hood  more!
omg yes!
I would die and cry if they gave them to me omg LOL
I wish I could get as excited as George Constanza/ Larry David get about anything and/or everything.
Killed it announcing at the lady comet game yesterday!
winning
that moment when you say her life is such a
Oo that's tasty!
RT : can't wait to see you!
I'm getting wild rice arancini when we go to
Sometimes when I'm mad I take it out on the kids.
Oh, heavens no!
not my kids...
On the way here Ari???
Thanks for the follow.
love the O'jays and love your background photo.
The ocean is my happy place.
Never a dull moment with a feature you DONT have!
So wish I was back east with !
So much better!
Finally seeing The Hunger Games.
OMG.
you will LOVE Downton Abbey!!!!!
It is 12 Tuesday.
Get an 18 2 Topping pizza for 12.
But you already knew that, didn't you?
what show was canceled?
Hi.
I am probably home.
Im just avoiding someone I don't like.
Leave me a message, and if I don't call you back, it's you
Wednesday night in Oklahoma City, we'll find out if one West Semifinal series has any intention of going longer than five games.
wishes this rabbit hole was a whole lot shorter.
It's only 7 years 18 months 14 days until November 2019.
If you haven't watched Blade Runner in 1080p, you should The future, 30 yrs ago.
1 Miller products 5pm  Close tonight at Bar Louie Water St.
and Bar Louie Bayshore
Props to our media pitching pro, Another successful week for her!!
: Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well.
Unknown....
Best scene: my great grandfather's pet monkey doing tricks and playing with my grandmother's hair.
...just when I'd gotten zoubisoubisou out of my head.
to provide a collaborative infowork space for library archives museum preservation pros and build community
Interesting how one could go thru a creative doctorught for a time  then other times ideas just flow.
When it rains it pours,  Im doctornched.
Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment.
Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames
ha good :P lol but how is it in Texas ?
I wish my mom didn't live 1000 miles away...
There is no such thing as a secret.
Glad that you r having a goodtime.
Good 2 see U happy.
This is a judgmentfree zone.
Packers Vikes in 1 hour, can't wait for Farve to torch the Packers
thanks for entering!
For a valid entry, you need to start the tweet with I want to win not a :
2012 will bring a different series..
SEC changes its neither admit nor deny policy for settlements
When it comes to lying to NFL Commish RGoodell, were some players not paying attention about what happened to MVick when he did same to RG?
Heading the inauguration ceremony for Chris Taylor!
Woot!
I hope everyone had a fantastic day!
See you tomorrow :
Thanks Shelley!
Great to see you yesterday and catch up on your retailing adventures.
Love the mobile POS tech.
Super cool!
still so much to do  is it May yet?
good stuff.
love your interviews with Mac.
I look forward to hearing about it on the Mikey Baseball Heller Show later.
ignorant ignorant ignorant.
Couldn't agree with you more!
:
That's not the way the NBA works.
Your starting PG runs the show.
He shouldn't play terrible with certain offensive players
is that English?
I think all of the LockerSmash community just fell in love at the same time
I think it's best I don't answer that  to protect the monkeys.
So many caps and gowns on the subway this morning!
Looks like graduation is upon us.
Congratulations, class of 2012!!
One of my worst fears are coming true: I may have to stop doctornking coffee.
It now makes me very sleepy.
Le sigh.
RT In an ideal world no one would talk before 10 am.
people would just hug, because waking up is really hard.
took a shower and for some reason i smell like chinese food.
i haven't eaten chinese food in days.
2012 is off to a good start.
: runs social media and web design Creative Services.
Good friend.
Y'all should know each other.
RIP Whitney Houston you will be missed
47 hours till Mad Anthony at Taste of Cincinnati
if you love something, you've got to let it go.
But if it come back, then it mean so much more.
But if it never does.
At least u should know
WEST COAST!!!!
YALL BETTER TUNE IN/DVR 20/20!!!
I'm just saying!!
Thank me later!
Fo real!
Food for thought!!!!
hint hint...al   !
you got a shoutout from about blogs turning into businesses at the rtmedia summit
Quiet I'm a professorssional
Nice!!!
I need to hurry down and get mine done!
Heartburn this bad sucks ass!!!
Just another thing to add to a day I never wanted to have, I hate fucked up days like this!!
Thank God for having a twitter account, now i can keep up with this weekend's series back home.
Go Noles!
Get rowdy Animals!!!
If you're not watching Tenn/NC on espn.
you should be.
unbelievable good game.
im like the tazmanian devil cartoon guy, ill rip you a new ass hole.....
just kiddin.
:D
Tweet about me and let em know bentley a fly nigga that dont give a fuck
The Mayan calendar has been recently revealed to go far beyond 2012.
I guess that means I need to choose a career and stuff.
Blech.
doctornkestievergot was when I passed out n woke up n there was a hoodoctort in my bed
same up watchin roll bounce..
Lol
I think guys who do weed are weak..
They say they do it to relieve pain and stress?
Seriously..
who do u like
I just want to go home and sleep.
Exactly why I fucking despise light skin men
There's so many thing I'd tweet, but it'd probably creep out my followers just cause...
Was wondering about that..
RT : Can captainre Blue Screen of Death with Snagit?
Gotta see how that works.
LOL.
Fuck la weather
Got the house to myself!
We take pride in our bad service and doctorg paraphernalia left in rooms.
You must let our bedbugs suck your sweet blood too1
but with spf 8 I get to reapply more often,, but again,,to protect,,not copafeel
Gotta love the Moose jersey I bought over the winter is too big now.
ok how bout mp3s??
good one!
Damn want to go to this RT : If you've been thinking about visiting Boulder, do it in May for  :
Posted the WHOLE STORY of the concert last night in Google!
And my one and only video is uploading to here, but it may take awhile X
Thanks for being a great resource for awesome info
Congrats......looking forward to my first bottle....
free www.tdmwebacademy.com   we need everyone to help  Beta test  thx
Working on lots of exciting new biz proposals this week!
Listening to my fav.
Plies song screwed....GOONS LURKIN
I don't think you should...Social Media Spring Cleaning is a must.
Carpentry Rule 1: Measure twice, cut once.
The station was there first.
Truck should have been speced to fit, no?
Live from the AmericaEast women's lacrosse championship  Albany up 10 on Stony Brook in the first half.
Eh, the real girl scouts use palm oil in their cookies.
And my troop leader once called me 'leadfoot'
So I was wondering, what is your doctoram college?
I am planning to go to College but have no idea where to.
Tell me which ones are your fav.
I'm talking weeks and months old.
They show up ahead of more current tweets from accounts already on the list.
Every moment is another chance to pray...
for yourself, for others, for the life the Lord wants you to live.
Industrial operating manuals?
We write them!
A rare sight in a British chap!
:
Working to refinish a doctorsser for our baby daughter on the way next month.
I guess the nesting instict has kicked in.
Lol why RT : , I don't want to ride this bus.
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life  these are everything!
lol im talking about the gay conversation your having with big ray.
Dont mention me in that gay shit
yea right now
That sounds like a lot of work.
Going to the ?
Say hi to from  ask him about NEH grant opportunities.
shopping for furniture is so much more difficult than shopping for shoes, which is what I'd rather be doing!!!
: Yea!
Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
You got a friend in me!
sings toy story song
lol good morning: at least it's friday.
On the coo I think b tryna flirt wit me lol
Come up with a sweet tshirt design  you never know if it could make you some money.
Tends to do that for a lot of folks, like our clients.
It is precisely perfect degrees outside in nyc right now.
when the product is free, turns out you are the product...
Thanks as always to for the RT, also to , appreciate the mentions!
bawling my eyes out we just got ticketss for july 5th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my many many months of begging finally paid off!333
anytime...
would be great to see you again.
We're up to lunch, dinner, doctornks...let us know when you have some time.
cant wait to see your perfomance this sunday!!
I bet it's gonna be epic.
Like everything you do.
;
Associated Press reporting Michele Bachmann's campaign manager could doctorp out of race after tonight.
cant cops outside idc though I'm calm everyone rose is tripping balls.
I must be wearing a cape today....cause I made it from Bushwick to Rockefeller Center in less than 40 minutes...
me too.
Real good.
Chips at 27000 from 30000, gonna be a long tourney, not an easy table
sorry we'll miss you!
RT : Governors!
After , of course!
RT What else does Jersey lead in?
Top 5 will get RT from me.
aren't you supposed to be sleeping?
How about those Chiefs???
Next up is a Niners win...
ML!!
Heard things are good w/ you.
Hope it's all true and you're doing well.
Miss u over here!
Yaaay Gmen!
NYC will be party central for the next few days : .
Take advantage of tonight's special: manicotti, garlic bread, salad,  sm doctornk for just 7tax!
NEVER give up!
Thank you, Howie!
A fantastic job by Mark Rosenberg and Kristen Deahl!
imagine Zayn: can you feel the love tonight ?
you: maybe.
Zayn: maybe ?
rolls ontop of you let's make you feel it licks your lip
in da midst of ur battles feel all hope is gone  ur heart is cryin in da middle of a smile its just ur frail mind playin tricks on u.
The new quarter starts this week and I'm a bit overwhelmed.
i forgot today was friday omfg i'm so happy
I'm not a crafter or baker or any of that stuff.
I'm pretty tomboy, but I still respect people who do things differently.
Getting through this work week then heading home for a relaxing weekend with the entire family
All international job postings  FREE.
USA job ads only 25.00.
No registration required for candidates, only view and apply!
you clever son of a Susie!
or shall I say, the most interesting man in the world?
LPA's 2nd floor reading room serves as the background in an episode of Law and Order Special Victims Unit, airing May 10th at 10pm on...
hell ya!!!
: Congrats on ur HCG weightloss so far!
RT Well due to HCG it's its doctorstic results, I'VE LOST 12.5 pounds!
So thankful!
I would have thought my server loss was an April Fools Joke but if it was, it started awfully early...
make that this week and I will agree!
iBooks is just as good.
Can't beat having all your books in one place.
you should come here.,shit is getting awkward lol
good point
i loved your article on thenetworker blog about having thick skin!
I dunno why I just don't like anybody 2day...
I think we could totally quote that whole movie, no?
Excuse me...
But why am I here?
Way 2 go..
watching CSI.:
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :

TONIGHT'S MEDITATION: A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a workstation.
Lmao!
Ok you win
Thank God for a safe day of riding
Yesterday it snowed on my way home, Stevies Stumper is half hour away, win 20 gift card from Cherry Ave Grill on Generations 1023 9781023
yes go!
That's where we are going!
Gonna see you gents in or around the game tonight?
the Melo grapes cant be that sour for a fugazy DEN fan can they?
Did Melo not make the playoffs every single year in DEN?
I voted to send my friend Xavier Silas to the 2012 NBA DLeague AllStar Game.
on.nba.com/zYiJHr Vote for Xavier Silas
Tomorrow at the New Deal Cafe, with the whole crew and Mary Alouette.
ICONicBoyz We Want To See Youz
We'll be bringing valentines to our amazing wiunion legislators tonight for their special session at 12:01!
fridayreads Evenson's The Open Curtain, Delany's Times Sq Red Times Sq Blue, and Elizabeth David's French Provincial Cooking!
Agree.
Blackmon for Bradford  RT : If I'm a Rams fan, I'm ecstatic over this trade.
This is great!
I'm tired of looking for something and seeing the same 20 apps no matter what I search for.
We're heading to Ivy Tech Morgan St...
Along with all your favorites , Pecan Pie will be the headliner!
11:301
ha thanks snookummsss !:
....and chicken
Looking for a move up on SNSS, I have feature article on that one coming out soon
Oh and by the way Margie fruit cake, tell your family to stay off of Play it City, or you'll find yourselves in court!
sicko
If single people could get their minds around Godly Sex we wouldnt need conversations about one night stands or abortion.
LIfe after caregiving for seven years.
Good god what a roller coaster.
Hope this makes me a better person AND a better actor.
yeah it looks good have a good nite big/little brother Almightee : 
Only two more times I ever have to be in this class.
u a mess lol
astd2012 Seems appropriate to tweet during a session about Social Media
Q4 You can learn a lot from another nonprofessort  especially how to run a good volunteer program.
I'll be listening.
um idk I might ma said she will doctorp me off if I decide to go
happened earlier when the Tigers scored on a SF.
I thought runner was on 2nd, but he was on 3rd.
me too
Same here, in 3/3 leagues.
Envy on the coast all night long
fullmetal was great now time for DURARARA!!
on
RT : It's official!
We have a new text line!
Text ToTC to 66746.
We'll get back to you within 24 hours!
Guys its so amaizing
There's a wifi signal in the Rainy auditorium at the Met
And I, I'll die here These doors are closing and I'm screaming, she won't here me She can't help me
I need 3 strikes for my team to win this game.
Can I do it?
it was a better tweet the first time lol
dev of CC here  Edmodo is a social version of blackboard, ClassConnect is a tool that makes building lessons easy :
Thank you Ron!
its time to get up in the morninnnnnnnnnggggg.
Okay, that was just bad.
Playing Take me out to the ballgame while killing zombies with a bat.
CHEESE!.
I am who I am and I take pride in what I do and offer Sham on those who have no personality and think they can make it by copying.
Hey !
Looking forward to talking about food in IdeasChat today!
See you in 30 minutes.
Call Of Duty
I wonder why ppl come up with so many excuses?
Now would be a good time to low ball crazy zack greinke.
Yikes!
New Nature Research Center in Raleigh is awesome.
Also awesomely crowded.
Will come back in a few weeks!
Andoctorw Cyrille sounded amazing in Bill McHenry's band at the Village Vanguard last night!
oh...
i'm sorry babe :/ how'd you go crazy?
hey shannon your veru prettyrandom
do you push contacts to ?
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I love you
thanks for the follow!
Look forward to your tweets :
What color?
Now at 2012 followers the same number as the year of the SquEZ!
Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now?
Love yourself.
Get some pizza!
Bay View 2382406 North Ave 2701880
: so cool to meet you tonight but now I can't find a seat at all...
Nashville packed the house for
hello?
haha i love you too!
I did 10 brackets this year.
6 are already blown up.
I am awesome.
Sigh.
Why is my bestfriend/sister from another mister so freakin cute!?
Random statement by Count Fagula: On ward HOooooo
Most definitely!
Good for you!
: Standing next to Brad and Angelina while they were being ushered in.
Once in a lifetime.
how come you werent on the show yesterday?
checking you out right now dude !
i wanna watch 30 minutes or less right now!!
Liar so it was true!
I always wanted to start a book club.
Cooking up a meal for my love!
3
RT : Dont trust too much.
Dont love too much.
Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
see what a little mention can do?
thx for the follow looking forward to sdcc with you!
Happy Friday!
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who!
Can't wait to hear the details Shine on!
7 hours on a saturday  no bueno!
Snacking on Kellogg's Krave cereal this morning.
Feels like I'm eating koala yummies for breakfast.
I strongly recommend this.
CSPAN recently launched a series airing Friday nights that professorles 14 presidential contenders that lost, but still had a great deal of
I don't think I had a choice!
At least she's not nagging me to call her in all caps on my page like she is w my sis :
follow back please?
You see Joey Barton's red card?
Straight idiot
I'd hashtag that with humblebrag but I'm really bad at humility.
gluten free is the way to be 
Not following ?
Why not?
He's a good dude!
Let's get him to 40,000 followers!
CEO of Shop today!!!
Oh it's on Youtube.
LOL.
Yes, phone, you should save the word Qdoba.
I will be using it a lot.
doctorss snuggled up if you are heading to the LAMarathon Expo today!
Lots of great vendors, displays, booths,  goodies!
Come down!
went up to Rollinsville and Fourth of July trail head today...lots of good pics, may inspire my quilt pattern for David Taylor class
RT : WhyIsSBKLive missing?
I'm missing you
Thanks for the tweet man!
Colts: How do you pass up on the QB who has the most NCAA yards  TD's and the QB with most NCAA Wins for a Northern Illinois QB?
DUMB!
: Warped tour is creepin up!
Less than a month!
Who's excited?
JUNE 25TH!!!!!
xD
Good luck to all the bands playing tonight, be sure to vote for our friends in chordata.
I wouldn't mind bending her over a barrel and showing her the fifty states.
Hahaha
its mushy
sure i do!
....
Stuck in colder weather.....
Apparently your knowledge of 80s pop music is also pretty thin.
let's make these movie dates happen!
omg I haven't heard from you in forever .
3
go to  they have the best liege waffles I've had in US!
Yes!
Relearn everything your 9th grade English teacher taught you.
erl12 the BoM is extensible for ebooks, articles, chapters, etc
Did you know that as a CCIM member you receive 15 off of our reports?
Try it!
www.ccimisterdex.com
being the only brat is nice :D
I'm just a little hoarse.
Flaming Young cc:
Reif:  would rather bog down the Senate by abusing a rule that was intended to encourage bipartisan cooperation.
Pricing for tonight's program: RSVP in advancefree for Ad2/AdClub members, 5 for Nonmembers.
This week, we'll ruminate on the joy of creation.
Creativity makes a leap, then looks to see where it is.
I saw it Saturday and am encouraging everyone I know to see it too.
I LOVED IT!!!!!!!
Congrats Supreme Burrito Champ 2012!
Just got our blank snapbacks in , about to work on this order for !
Finally arrived in new jerseeeeyyy
RT : My 14 year old daughter is running in the for Please help her reach her goal.
I hope Doc announces the eastern conf.
finals.
I didn't like the guys that did the PhiNJD series
Been a great bday just relaxing now !
I ate so much today lol !!
LMNS: FASHION MEETS NATURAL HAIR: Chick is killin it in the tux.
SO FAB.
Sad day at school.
:
When you're doctorving and Nicki Minaj is on all 3 radio stations at the exact same time, there's nothing left to do except crash your car.
Great to meet you at ahaa2012 opening reception.
Enjoy Miami!
I want Jeffrey Dahmer plugs.
i recorded it on my phone.
i hope it kills.
looking forward to hearing it all.
thanks for the RT
Livetweeting doctornks with , 
travelhint Don't eat 'wind field salad' day b4 air travel if u r not used to its fiberous nature, nough said bout that.
LOL
Reading is like eating.
Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
finally back.
31 hours.
I'm glad is a worse doctorver than me 
Give me one reason to stay here, and ill turn right back around
I am!!
If I don't ramble on a tangent in weird vocal tones then I am obviously being forced to call by kidnappers
Watching this live field day streaming thing...
Not sure I understand anything the seniors are saying.
Q: When is your birthday?
March 18th
Haha I'll definitely let you know!
's what did fig shoot?
hahahaha no I'm good ill just give Shelby more ketchup ;
What happened?
Are they not racin' in Bristol today!!!!!!!
Thanks Kyra!
With a belief in the great and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, art is always possible.
Home Alone...
wait...
enjoy the ride
Also, my Internet activity is far more like a millenial's than Gen X.
Hungry 4 More Mondays!
Get it in!!!
What?!
and on the same show?
They'll be talking about failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
What does your gut say re: Shaq and Armstead?
We are still having problems with Google 1 working with the plugin for Wordpress.
Anyone else?
Diaries of a Traveling Landman....walking out of the courthouse to 5 tv cameras!!
Hello!
Smile!
Hey, how are you.
Hope you've had a good day : Oh, Robin Diaz asked me to say Hi :P33333
Wonderful VMA fashion show and after party last night.
Thanks David Harrison Levi for your dedication in hosting a breast cancer event.
wins 1st place  txapme no surprise.
Congrats!
i miss DC like crazy.
have fun
Pubmed for example.
They send info correctly with their xml, but not with other formats.
love you!
Did you have a crazy week!!?!?!?
my phone acts like its okay not to vibrate
Wow...apparently..it...really is possible...to get a bruise from running :p oww..today..was awkward :/ im sorry...
Let's go reds!!
Ive skyd the VMAs , but not that bothered  Americans  meh !
heard this girl say I am married to a fat lazy fck and he never wants me.
I can help you bring back the romance Get PureRomance through me
My friend asked me today, who's my favorite female model ?
And I said duh!
Thought you knew:
RT : WOMMA Webinar: PRSA recommends Clear and Conspicuous standard; companies to be transparent in ALL communications
I haven't shaved my vagina in a while
stateofgeorgia is our home
yep, I did email them, just because I really like their stuff, but I think in most cases, I would get turned off and not come back
wat ya on jo
This I'm going to do in my west test  TRI  ?
wow Be prepared kids ..
:
what storm?
I feel like you're favoriting mahomies :'
I wubb you guys.!
How disappointing.
:
I hope you told him fftl
See you guys soon...
long day!
next week will be very busy.
We've got fireworks, Spam, singers and more!
Jeff B.
from Hernando, MS must be so ashamed of his shitty skunk joke on my Laffy Taffy wrapper.
Correct answer is unavailable  financial services firms and banks first and foremost.
so awesome!
Enjoy yourself and have a wonderful time.
Thanks for the update.
For some strange reason I thought it was a road trip
shmeeeaaa!
Where are you?!
Saturday night is all right!
lmao I seen helllly when I came up to yr job!
That fucking mother fucking moment when you tell your doctorver which way is fastest, and he disagrees, making you late!!!
ah whatever man say what u wanna say I aint gonna abuse u no more
God has perfect timing; never early, never late.
It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth the wait.
so....
some schools are delayed or canceled because of the rain?
Did I miss something?
jealous!
Wish I was home, next time count me in :
We're playing tonight at 11 with Teen Police.
They're really excited they get to play with us.
I hope everyone had a happy Earth Day
how were the browns when jim was giving advise oh and how were his wifes bruises booms your the worst
Where do u live?
Alicia told me near asen!
Im in my therapy group now THATCampVa Good times.
fuck with me now n they wont tease you about being late when im on
live it up.
i know im finna bout to.
Replay to watch the crew and do work
The only way I could possibly care LESS about the Super Bowl is by undergoing a giveashitectomy and have my caring surgically removed.
trying to find the game on CSN in San Jose.
But I only get A's and W's where else can it be?
what's going on tonight?
Coming up....
interviews with Frank Marino and Chris Squire!
You can't use up creativity.
The more you use, the more you have.
What travel teams do they play for?
Awww, all good things come to an end.
That's exactly how I feel, exhausted.
I'm trying hard to pick my battles these days, it's rough.
did you ever get that multipin figured out?
GO GIANTS!!!!!
crushing bones into soup long before patriotism won anybody anything as silly as life
Lmfao I'm cooler than her
finally!
jumps for joy
Why do we teach American history without world history and world history without American history?
Tom Bender explains in our new podcas ...
He wanted her to buy him some shoes.
oh..
first time I've been at 5MinuteFiction in WEEKS!
Felt god.
Good luck everyone!!
You are welcome!
Have a great weekend.
I blink and 2 hours have passed...
What am I doing with my life?
Thanks for the constant updates!
Congrats family!
If your not following  no point of having a twitter 3 Biggest Fan
Happy Friday!
Should've woke up in NYC but my body failed me sickness...here's to recovering and working all weekend!
OutoftheLoop There are certain 'fertilizers' that we all have that keep prejudices alive.
It makes us feel better.
i know you will haave a master piece on that canvas soon!!!
My husband doesn't even skim.
Everybody is different  shouldn't generalize like that.
Lorena is here with the babies they are soo cute and big :
exactly!
If you can't say something to him by now, you need help lol
RT : If we allow capital punishment as a nation we all have blood on our hands.
Love, love, love  all the wretched cant of it, masking egotism, lust, masochism, fantasy under a mythology of sentimental postures.
heading to the gym.
: It's getting warmer during the day, don't leave your canine companion out in the heat!
Bring them into camp to play in our Doggie Pools!
I'm teaching acting class tonite  GJC Talent then off to Chicago early AM to film Motel Hell...
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
o which session were you at?
Would love to hear about the altlookup solution
You shouldn't.
The rejection email has nothing to do with BEA Bloggers.
It has to do with BEA Press Pass Applications.
thanks brother!
enjoy it while it lasts, m'dear!
The hg movie comes out this year
I love how the car just died at a stop sign...
Cute
I have plenty of good moods, just not when you're around.
I know one thing for sure, God knows best and has a plan and purpose for it all!
ADMONISHER  INNER CRY
remind me 2marrow
Stop by Wine Styles 7 Bridges...
They r now serving Cassagnoles Cotes de Gascogne.
Perfect summer wine!
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!
hey sexy, you doing good, saw you're pix on Ur professorle, hot bro, Fucking hot
I am repeatedly baffled about the world when I listen to Eminem's lyrics in Nicki Minaj's Roman's Revenge.
How did we get here?
urban outfitters
Sunday dinner....
and 24 S02E18....
I really don't trust that new nosey chick at CTU.
And I thought Tony was nosey...
Hey wat new
Dont follow the crowd follow your passion and you will earn both pride and professort a winning combination  Paul Godines
We love Kansas City!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Kansas City!
Always preferable to a nothot mess.
OneThingYouShouldntDo doctornk water from the sink in oswego, IL.
ugh
my hero
Probably though the crowd downtown....we dont have to shoot it all in 1 weekend...I just want some footage from the crowd...
; thanks again.
:
RT harness this great force of nature that rides wild horses w/in you  experience a higher level of achievement than ever b4.
you up for a roadtrip to see the Xfactor auditions in June?
lol
Hit me up man.
Weez doctorpn voats...
Studio or crashed???
Cristina, Hunt, Mark and Lexi need to get their shit together.
Love is about sacrifices ik some time it can be hard in a relationship that got its up  down but if ur love isstrongenoughitwillgetuthrough
oh i didnt want to leave until you fave me a forsure on me doctormming for you
get in touch with :
it was cool texting you while it lasted
The new KingTex mix tape is fire from track 1 to 13!
Oh I already know what I'm writing.
: Just a question of how many words...
hey Deign!
No Problem  hope you have a great day!
Want more young professorssionals to understand voting issues?make the platforms interactive so they can customize, stream, and curate content.
Josh Johnson?
No problem.
Anthony Bass?
2hit shutout.
The courtroom feels like an icebox!
IThankGod for everything.
Without Him I am nothing.
wow!
Groupon  all those free margaritas!
To share the good in life.
Everyone is a friend on some level.
How do we make new connections unless we connect?
It's already the state fair!
Where does the time go?
hahaha, well good
thanks for the RT/mention!
Seriously!!
Fitting into clothes that were too tight.
Is really rockin' my morning!!
BOYS:If you call a girl fat, shes gonna spend the rest of her life starving herself Words Hurt
Thank you!
The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often offbase.
Thanks.
I needed that today.
Exchange student is here and not talking
Great day of watchin Jacob ride today.
Thanks as always for Patrick and the crew keepin the track nice and safe for everyone.
The closer you are to a Major League city the more ridiculous it is.
I can't stand most guys who get autographs.
great idea!
can someone verify it is not April Fools Day?
Every Christian should be both conservative  radical; conservative in preserving the faith  radical in applying it John Stott, 19212011
Hey there, mall rat!
Who said you could out me?
Fuckn wit this ace hood all day
Its hot as hell out side...it feel so good
HAPPENING NOW: The New Way to Manage Content Across Platforms: Monitor Audience Behavior in the Wlider room
what up rylie hey remember about your CURLING IRON !
TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
Sweet!
So I could bring them to Petit Branch or Hinds Hall?
Anyone downloaded Jan NPI file from ?
Extracted data file is 6 PB which has to be an error but too big too extract.
my job is a pain.
/
This week has been an amazing week and it's only about to get better with 4 shows this weekend.
As a former student I strongly suggest you go.
He is afterall a Martial Arts Grandmaster.
Today is a Ineedacupofcoffeeeveryclass kind of day.
I'd rather be at school than this life gaurd training.
you gonna be able to make it on time?
Any auditions coming in soon?!
We can't wait!!:
good morning
why?
What happened?
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.
Robert Fripp ...Cheers to that!
Do the right thing.
Why does it smell like nail polish remover everywhere I go
Cant Wait To See The Wedding..........
Haha.
You said Thanks for following....
So we said Thanks for being awesome.
AND YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ  RIDE WITH ME
Have you looked at Cerner at all?
They are hiring like crazy and prob have some intl travel positions open.
TGIF!!!
I still need to finish christmas shopping : But that's why gift cards were invented!
lmao ha that's
I'd be more pissed if I though Ish would have done something to a 31 meatball
A 3 mi run and some yin yoga today in preparation for Cbusmarathon
high intensity while exercising will doctorve up cortisol.
carbs bring the cortisol back down
Insurers Shift Cost Burdens to Homeowners
Salute the homie !!!
No!
Is that on Netflix?
Hope I can sleep, I'm so pumped about church tomorrow!
definately got an account just for you and have no idea how to use it.
haha can't wait to see you in VA in november!:
Note to self: Catch your breath and enjoy the day.
Rest is part of work.
I didn't even get ferreal any pictures.
Lolo everybody else it al of them.
Haha
lol yup, or like voodoo dolls.
ill see ya this summmerrrrrr :
I'm back
I am.
cancelled my order w/ bought a comparable fridge from for almost 100 less AND got free delivery on WEEKEND
Happy Fourth to you Ms.
Oneal...hope you had a nice weekend : 
My baby girl made it to the next level in gymnastics!
Emma, mommy is proud of you and your hard work these past few months.
Just reserved tickets for sevenmilemiracle Sunday at 9am!
Dan Warn CPO, BCBS of RI intros performance / potential 9box to 150 Procurement heads at CPO2011  re: importance of TM on Procurement!
Super bowl has jumped the shark.
Asking the question if Tom Brady is overrated.
Really
Being a fulltime mother is one of the highest salaried jobs...
since the payment is pure love.
Mildoctord B.
Vermont
Harry!
:D
How are you?
Wish me luck fighting Saturday
Style Scene: mystyle Checks Into the Hello Kitty Suite!
They say nothing is certain in life but death and taxes.
We 'd like to add one mo
and you can't have one until next march!!
isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 32
Tomorrow I'm going to wear a magic cape to my office.
love that your middle name is Starr
Sometimes they deseve it.:
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
Alright alright, the bar that I'm sitting near is blasting top 40 hits from 10 years ago..
A few years better than 90's..
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankees tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
Fuck coughing all the time.
btw, who ever knew jheri curl was spelled that way?
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for following us !
We're excited share photos, stories and updates from our kids!
I'm sure you told it, I'd love to move if I could!
:
All sales get taxed.
Just how it is.
ha ha thank you but no way.
I'm going to go look online :
Pittsburgh Yoga Flow Yoga tonight, 7:15pm at Yoga on the Square!
www.yogaonthesquare.net
Bros in line talking about which protein shake diet is best / If I were your workout spotter / I would doctorp the weights on you.
I fear that the celtics are going to make it necessary for me to pay attention to the
happy friday everyone!

Is the U.S.
feeling the effects of a la Nia?
I'm trying to understand the pattern of this unusual warmth in STL this year.
Why don't we make excuses for poor kids in athletics?
Only in academics.
thanks for the RT!
It's a big Chicken or the Egg thing.
Would Mark have bought Crew if Miler Park didnt exist?
Probably not.
New arena is start
Hi guys
My first PR boss just found me on Twitter!
Nice to hear from you Roxanne!
all the way.
Bought VIP just to meet him.
Colorado  Happy Friday!
come get a pair of Guie fairtrade handmade shoes now 20 off every pair is unique
how much is too much cardio?
IF you workout like a beast and your weight stays the same but your stamina and strength get better....?
thanks for the wwe codes
we will skype in an hour lol
The wife?
YUP THE WIFE, they just hoes  she the WIFE
please follow and let her know that i sent yuuuuuuu thanks girl
lol okay...
But that wouldn't be completely terrible.
Except for the fact that everyone could see!
Lol!
Kay goodnight!
The Situation should have learned kung fu...then maybe he wouldn't feel the need to headbutt a wall.
Kicken it old school
You get a 10  Great to see you again
Previews starting, crowd cheering.
I always thought Chris Birdman was lil suspect he looked like a old doctornk anyway.
thank you thank you thank you thank you
The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now.
re: Once.
Funny that's how we used to threaten people with physical violence in Johannesburg too.
I love being at my parents house!!
Yikes!!!
I'm exhausted!!!
Have a goodnight;
Totally ment to call my dad yesterday and today!
Awh crap.
Ill do it tomorrow.
I need some new tracks
so the question is, how much discount from that baseline should this person eat for the privilege of working for the public.
nah went old school on em this morning
No Strings Attached
misterKnow it all, so you think you know me better than me!
well i got news for you!
you dont.
u should know i lead not follow
yea I literally caught the end of the game Phila has talent they just have to close
Welcome back to Twitter
The Event Coordinator is the 6th most stressful job of 2012 after airline pilot, firefighter and policeman.
The only good thing about the University Mall is the Japanese smoothie place.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
This Church scene is intense.
What a nightmare
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller
You know it!!
I miss you : Damn, D....can I get on that tab next time I'm there?
I cant make ou love me if you dont..
in the studio late tonight.if ya got da cell hit meh up..nd oh im blowing down a kush blunt for all my nigga dat aint here to burn wit meh.
Be careful in this rain San Diego!
First day of school!
Our students are back  ready to learn.
Great to see them  our volunteer tutors.
Let the learning begin!
man i just came from a festival bored af tho ..
Tina Fey on the podcast!?!
Ah!
Life is full of fake people, before you decide to judge them, make sure you are not one of them.
Clearly I haven't done as much real research as I thought I had: Just battled with microfilm for over 2 hours for 3 measly articles..ugh.
InMiddleSchool iPods weren't a problem when you found them since it wasn't able to be tracked
I'm at the Caribou Coffee on Hennepin in Uptown if anyone wants to join me for some coffee.
RT As much as 20 percent of your heating and AC costs can be lost through the ductwork.
Are your ducts properly...
The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
But I have miles to go...
Let me know why Justin Bieber is there holding mayweather stuff STUPID!!!
Younger Boomers Short on Travel Time and Money
U already know just give me the word!!
looking to set up a weekend tour in august
the Trojan condemn costume gets a big side eye
No obligation, just interested :
RT : It's not just higher ed...
Industry may have more  to throw at SM than higher ed, but it's still in infancy everywhere
did you eat alot
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
good people will always be in demand, reputation is everything and I treasure mine above all else!
the one that was on good morning america yesterday
bring your bball shoes for after!
NGL doctorads If They Lookin Right It Could Be A TurnOn Butt its Depends .
why is your AVI so cute ??
are you tryna kill me or what ???
lmfaoo I LOVE YOU that's what i wanted to say!!
3 we tilting 2geda
yeah, I'm with you.
Good, what time is good for you?
Excellent.
I will even let you pick where you would like to go
Trying to add the Germans on Facebook
It's a wonderful day in District 8!
Out talking with voters hearing their concerns for our neighborhoods.
lol I know you always cried with my ass and oh yea he's coming home next year if he stay good and you would get to meet him!
Thanks so much Lisa!
A must see, but as always, not for everyone:
hi Jenn.
Doing good thnx.u?
I'm starting a big new job 2day.
Hope u are well!!!
Love  hugs to u.
My coach loves me.....and that will never happen you meanie butt.
But I guess I love you too
Then this little person tried to talk to me one time, so.
Congrats to and who had their baby, Danielle Grace, late last night!
An hour would be a lifetime.
The kid in me loves gigs where I get to use a FBI style radio with an earpiece.
Venice I arrive in 5 days so please have the coffee, pastries,  art all ready or I WILL demand a refund on my toilet pass from the commune
Hey please play new single Old School
Realtime google analytics  awesomeness.
Bye bye
I wish could be on your concert :
is that ur hello kitty tatt?
First time buyers had 600 Credit Score.
Loan Approved.
killa cam in the library oh my god omg
thank u 4 following me ;
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show just turn it up, turn it up let me know whats up.
RT : Careful what you say, folks!
This is frightening.
British pair arrested in U.S.
on terror charges over Twitter...
sevendeadlysins get sinful
Very nice fridge picture
Perfect thing for my sick day.
Thanks!
You like MMOs which ones do you play.
I used to play Ultima Online, I was a tamer.
thanks boo...
GOING TO SEE STARKID OH
serious traffic on Wisconsin Ave north of M st due to construction
where the bud at Skinny!
could u play something by black veil brides ???
U won't be disappointed : pretty please ?
Remember how we could talk for hours?
Now we can barely look at each other
What a beautiful day!!
Alright I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening
I often feel the battle for balanced productivity is akin to doing suicide sprints across a gym all day.
what do you think of the new google search page?
Good lesson for the day.
I'm off to stock up on aprons
Everywhere, it seems, in almost every discipline, old certainties are being fundamentally challenged REIMPOSE THEM, NIALL!
Had a doctoram about lastnight, he made me clean up lol.
We've mailed 1,000 scarves to our rescuers.
Visit our Facebook page to see photos of our rescuers wearing their new scarves.
Just got a shitload of followers, and they're all fucking eggs, hahha!
hell ya finished ONE paper ..
why do i have a whole nother paper to do tomorrow
I do not understand you at all.
Also how's Whales?
:
Er, that holds for the Friday as well.
I think.
I'm vague on relatives' travel dates.
But either way.
Wow the Ohio turnpike has a lot more rest stops than any hwy in Illionois  they're nice!
To They have souvenir penny machines!
Stop at the liquor store and get a six pack after work.
Just signed up!
I haven't used the Green Cream in a while, so I am looking forward to trying this new product.
YES, I have a lay in tomorrow, be jealous!
i checked it out, pretty neat stuff.
Whats your email..
cheers  Dawn  White Crow
Be Safe Ya'll 
For some of the best upcoming bands follow :D
RT : If you are going to put text into your Powerpoint, it should be big and red  kudos, Trevor Owens
In these uncertain times it is more than smart to develope multiple streams of income.
I can't get a thank u...
I clearly follow too many Radiohead fans
Since some tweeple like to quote the oldies, I'm thinking of reissuing Bartlett's Quotations as Bartlett's Tweets in a 140 character mode
no, this time my whole stick becomes unrecognized by the system.
:
The stars are sparkling clear and bright.
The breeze blowing a refreshing stillness over my soul.
My heart is at peace.
that one is entitled The Screamer
: Yum!
How's that '07 tasting?
RT : WineWednesday with 07 Cabernet.
It was fantastic!
Got more
you cant win them all....
Except if you're me in corn hole.
Learning twitter lessons RT Arguing on twitter is like taking your time and setting it on fire.
Join my team today.
We waging a war against weight.
You can lose weight and earn a substantial income.
t minus 3 days.
saturdaylibrarian and I'm clinging to my coffee like a flotation device.
lol.
Better get on that wait list!
Well the weather outside is weather.
Rise and grind people!
That's still lunch or dinner.
Very nice.
Suppose I could have just messaged John.
Nice to see it'll still be happening.
or something for sure!
wishlist rather than predictions?
My guess: Obama wins unless Christie is VP pick, Reps tie or win Senate by 1 n keep house by 5
My pleasure.
Good stuff.
In DC.
Actually, not as nice here as in Mass.
But headed home so will catch some of it.
Can you say bubble?
RT Remember this day.
551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.
116yearold New York Times Co.: 967 million
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson performing this thursday at Liuzza's by the track 7pm
He's already been warned.
With a look.
Follow orphan works symposium today at
Some people have no business wearing open toe shoes
I am accepted to rent the house.
Signing the lease!!!!
Thanks!
Have a really good week!
nope.
and probably won't for a couple of months.
Is the game still on?
Thunder's moving in...
Bout to take a nice nap!
Lol im so sleepy
Tired of ppls bs
Beyond DNA: Epigenetics: The implications of this for human health are very wideranging, as we will see from the case studies we are...
People and their unnecessary doctorma...
are we going to see a wedding?
Everyone please go follow he will FollowBack 4
Dogs need both physical and psychological stimulation on a regular basis in order to be balanced
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line.
My eyes are getting watery.
You're such a nice friend to Austin.
Anybody would be lucky to have you as a friend.
can I say that I love this very very much
When you believe in something with every fabric of your being, Fight like hell for it.
Inspiration from a fave of mine
Dude looks totally lost at the plate
: Follow me 4 free!
It's not what u do that determines what u believe, it is what u believe that determines what u do, what do your actions show u believe in?
Awesome demo from songza at the nytm tonight.
Hilariously categorized, curated playlists are just what I need.
Sunday roast at the quuen vic.
10 discount for locals
holy crap.
I love dat.
Answers In Motion is Thrilled to have Talicor representing Thumball products at toyfair in NYC visit Booth
2011 is going to be a year of discovery, wonder, hard work and infinite invitations for celebration...what are you planning??
: Fuck you!
.
Must be nice!
I'm switchin to hosting.
It has it's ups and downs.
Just more ups
u are a dime piece boo
Unforgettable better be renewed.
right dat piff was a terrible site 5 years ago
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone!
Do you have any plans for that special someone today?
If so, what are they?
: good Jus finishing up the semester, before vacation startsoh ok, going anywhere while classes r out
The next issue of Leesburg Magazine comes out this week!
Send an email to if you'd like to receive the announcement.
Cause I'm real, the way you smile, the way you smell, it doctorves me wild 
Just got back from Italy!
and I can't wait to go back!
:
Today I got long sideburns in the memory of Elvis Presley and
lets be besties.
I smell a Romney Cain GOP ticket brewing.
What do you think???
is never at lunch on time .
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...3 days left until I'm mister.
Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
We're leaving Dallas, TX for Maui, HI today!
At the end of 3 quarters, the score remains 173 Destroyers
let me know when you are ready for an upgrade.
2 Young Studs Moving can move you into your new digs anywhere in CT or MA.
Finished a food photo shoot!
Photos turned out great and the food tasted amazing!
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's!
Just tell us what you think of the 70 degree weather.
Email with your answer.
Learn about baseball.
Reds have been mentioned for 2017.
Perhaps you should follow baseball.
maybe you're psychic?
how the heck did I lose 20 followers in a matter of a couple hours??????
Weird.
Yeah!
I saw them at Summerfest couple years ago.
Didn't really like many songs on 1st album, but this whole thing is good.
Hahaha!
I would be pissed if I am spending 800 a night and get a bathroom in a glass box!
Great kids concert next weekend in Bellevue, Red Grammer: Great deal too!
www.redgrammerbellevue.com.
then well go next weekend
No way around it, the Cowboys are awful!
Jerry, sell the team to an owner who cares!
patientview doesn't work on windows 7...
is that a legacy product?
Some interesting uses for tile in the bath include shower benches, soap niches and tub surrounds.
JERSEY SHORE 30 minutes!!:
New Cash Clown Racks N Bands Ft Cap1
Just had the coolest karaoke birthday party  the pictures to prove it.
tx all!
Nope.
It can be pretty gnarly!
first Christopher gets the flu, now mommy is sick...I hope nurse Kendoctor is not next on the list.
Huh.
Mail in OS X Lion stopped finding certain things until I navigated to them manually.
Rebuilding...
Thanks for the RT!
You?
No sir!
Someone else who is a grumpy badger.
Can also be found at SXSW.
Thank you for the kind words!
Alright new survey for you guys today!
We're getting to know a lot about you and we love it.
Hopefully you are learning a lot about us too!
Project Prom was a success  many young women will look smashing at their high school prom!
Remember to donate for next year!
I saw a rough a few days ago, I'll send u a link once ready.
We should shoot some w ur Epic reeltalk
Knoledge and courage .
These are the elements of greatness.
because they are immortal they bestow immortality, virtualvideo.info
At O'Shea's, find a bartender named Al.
Tell him hello for me.
He made my last trip by being so fucking awesome.
amazing!
How are you feeling?
Shurna is cold blooded.
No doubt.
the Tank express boiler is red hot, full throttle, everybody hop in!!!
Enjoy refreshing graphic with wirecall results but colors are big prob.
Barrett bolder than others  issues for color blind.
Boo.
Had a great day developing some strategic alliance partners...
who can I send referrals to next?
RT : Will you be in Payson Friday evening?
I'll be at the Spring Rodeo...
hope to see you in Rim Country where its cool!
Ray, I know only enuf about the Fed to be dangerous.
People I respect say it should have just 1 mandate: price stability.
Now has 2.
Merry Christmas Twitter world
the awkward moment when you're reading this and you don't tweet or follow me back :o
how bout a block?
your block our block the block
Two union station cops had cones from McDonald's.
now, lets not get carried away with the tweets, you know who i am talking too.
yes, you!!!
OH: I can't wait to pound the celery.
I'm gonna eat a whole thing per day.
i will then spend over half the day in the toilet
Yes, do it!
Do I get a roll for inspiring you?
;
It's safe to say Romney is his own worst enemy with Latino voters.
Nothing will change that.
Thank you for the tweet, we really appreciate it.
We're new and growing fast.
Hope you're having a great weekend!
Claire Boucher of and Liz Harris of Grouper should get together and make the music of the gods.
This is such an awesome gesture!
Thank you for giving back to the community!
YOU LIE!
RT It's happened.
Albert Pujols hit a home run.
thank you!
Chuck Berry is always timeless!!
okay.
when i get home, ill respond to that thing too.
Regular's secret: On Sunday, glasses of wine from bottles opened earlier in the week are 1/2 price.
yea his music is good no doubt about that is just isint music that everyone can relate to he rarelly uses metaphors or nothing
An employer is hiring in Decatur,Springfield, Champaign.Like fixing things?
It could be the opportunity for you.
Find out more tonight
Family Research Council?
If you're a Christian family who denies scientific research findings.
Just did crossfit for the first time in 3 months.
Ouch.
Lmfao, he's flawless.
RT: Super tired but motivated.
I second that!
So true about chrisbrown.
I was taught to forgive, but he's a
We had a father step up to take the role as Vice President.
Greys Lexie dying with tears running down her face so sad
Good!
Glad you liked them : RT : Hot dog!
That was fast turnaround!
These are the best business cards ever.
There comes a time when you have to grow up!
It wasn't a very good one just sayin
Can't wait to see perform at house of blues!!
I love L.A.
Vegas, but it's hard to beat Seattle in the summer.
listening to this now.
Pretty hilarious.
Guy who created new Chevy MLB commercials should be locked in a room and forced to watch an endless loop of these godawful ads.
Wys tee o love Billie Reed on days too we still watching these dam soaps, lovem
Thanks for coming today!
Did you have a favorite book from today?
There is, at most, 15 adults in line for this concert, and the line is around the corner lol
Who of my followers dabble with alginate, silicone or liquid latex?
I want to play, but I don't want to spend a lot of money to start.
Thanks for the support...
will we be seeing you at the festival?
Come share the magic with us un NYC!
You'll always get an idea if you think and dont panic.
Norman P Veale
I'm worried that 's obsession with Splenda is his way of slowly committing Suicide!
:'
Yes I agreethe more your around it the faster you pick it up.
Awww.
Poor you lol.
I ko'd after I did ALL my work :/ so accomplished LOL
thanks for the follow, digging the music!
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 19:35 with Nike GPS.
a tattoo?
omg.
Really?!
Wow.
yet you have time for twitter?
lovely!!
: I LOVE peaches!!!
sprint has to be one of the worst companies for customerservice that I have ever come across
he does...
johns pizza in Greenwich village, the best
liam payne as a telly tubby?
My life is complete thx to your icon.
Lmfao.
damn Marie put that blinker on flip the U and come back over
Is it Vanity to look back at one's own tweets  laugh...if so...I have sinned.
I think I was in rare form near the end of 2010, check it out
There went the neighborhood!
So the spin is: Paying too much for shit work?
Enjoy it!
Todd Hundley could still be Cubs catcher!
Obama 2012!
Aw I wuvs you too 
They have been in years past.
Heading out now, I'll let you know how this years rank...
nope.
Don lived at 70 which was sold  closed this week.
K sound good.
Let's plan it later in the week.
They will love each other.
brrrrrr...
I am so cold, tired of the cold  rainy weather here in the NW.
Really wanting the sunshine and warmer weather!
:
My bad
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair.
Ready for spring break!
New Icon what do u think?
Fights were crazy last night.
Our fighter won.
and after party was a great turn out.
bout to find some food.
whats good for today??
Twitter Tumblr Facebook Youtube Homework.
happy anniversary!
Awesome!
CRACKLE VOL CRACKLE DENSIITY CRACKLE doctorVE
Tisk tisk, u gotta wake up early and then you'll be like me!!!
:
Ugh, that means I have at least a few more days to go.
weird weather don't know if its gonna rain or shine
The Heat and LBJ6 never cease to amaze me.
How does the NBA have a MVP that doesn't take the last shot when the game is on the line?
A1: yes, on pinterest.
Use it for personal image ref's for now, but want to start interacting more on it.
Feliz Pascua Hermano, have a great season, really miss seeing you in the pin stripes, God Bless!
and you'll never have to sit in traffic again.
Theaters are like bars..
in the sense that you shouldn't bring your babies to them.
cc
Havent been on here in the longest time 3
yea.....
were are you from ?
either delete those photos or send them to me thank you!
Fuck
it helps in masking a inadequate oline
I've been watching movies in literally every class this week.
How is a bell obedient?
It sounds off only when it is told.
Enjoy the queen city
Off to bed hopefully I will fall asleep and get some good z.
Love u right back!
RT I love you guys!
RT : thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago.
Come back soon
Justin Timberlake's voice is sexy...
He is one fly white guy.
thanks for the great blog post!
Dawwww, just found a baby bunny
not even close.
Consider all the and nicknames.
I like your attitude!
I think they have bigger issues in Egypt than concerning themselves with Soccer's ego.
Concurrent sessions in general have been dynamite.
: Might be remembered as the year of the dull plenaries
my English teacher is such a dork lol
Ugh can't sleep
I want to be a boxing judge, but I have 2020 vision.
whatfightaretheywatching?
Yep...mercury is definitely in retrograde....
JUST GOT A TUMBLR...
:O TWEET ME AND ILL TELL U WAT IT IS TUMBLR KINDA SCARES ME I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO WORK IT LMAO HELP?
people act like the human race is going to stop completely once a few women decide not to get impregnated smh
Before you buy something, always think if you need it, if its worth it  if you'll use it.
Thoughts From A Balcony
do you still have the same number?
both having a 3way with some infielders.
I always cry at the part in transformers when they pin down bumblebee
Setting up another mobile site for lawyer.
Make sure your law site is mobilized so that people can easily read your content and contact you.
Lunch APPETIZERS  MIXED GREENS shaved radish, peaches, crispy shallots, gingervinaigrette
6 more people and I have 800!
followers!!
I will ask people to follow you if you ask for me hehe : Happy Friday!
Good morning tweedos!
and Brendan Buehler's network analysis incs me as offspring of and
hanging out with my neighbor gtg I think I'll message u later
National Conference in LA  working together 2 ramp up nat'l effort to end youth homelessness
Just Spoke to sheet metal workers who are handing out my campaign lit today.
Great guys!
Does the fact that this information isn't even supposed to be in the public consciousness play into the final decision?
my brother gotta take me 2 schoolso im late for my final  my eyes hurt from crying ThankYouLord for all of this
Who was the only President to also serve as Chief Justice?
I've seen the WETA guide to breakfast in DC!
It made me wish I were rich and could eat breakfast all day.
No need for apology, I understand your perspective.
I think it reinforces my statement, though.
Societal preference of sin.
If you wish, you should.
You are gorgeous!
What are you talking about?:
i like my doctornks pink
Keeping you in prayer Sis!
Great seeing you on twitter.
Glad to see life treating you very well.
Did you know CCWA is a Microsoft IT academy?
Get certifications in Microsoft programs and get a leg up.
What are your thoughts on the looming Gov't.
shutdown?
Does this make you angry?
Let's hear it!
Over the course of a year and a half I died my hair eight times.
I promised my mom I wouldn't die it again for a year.
Just got new Two Hands Designs, flowers, chevrons, and mustaches oh my!!
3
should probably start coming home a little earlier
Now it's time to say goodbye to Jed and his kin.They would like to thank you folks for kindly doctorppin in and yada yada yada yada hospitality
Ur right!
That's a good thing!
: Gotta' love HCG RT none!
I'm on maintenance, so that's good.
Down 110 lbs since Oct, 10...
It is amazing when I have a sick day that I answer more work emails than when I'm at the office.
LYRICS/PHONE CALLS NO THAT DIDN'T WORK EITHER HEHEHE!
!!!!!!!!!
FREE BOOSIE BOO/ MY BOY BOY
I'm happy to announce that OPA has taken all points off raisins  prunes.
That's good news.
Maybe the childoctorn won't like to hear it.
When creeps come strolling into work
Damn Jeet 2 double plays????
Well at least we are on the board
thank you for stopping in!
So happy to hear you enjoyed it!
I just thought it would be nice if they could be friends though...you know?
Yea, but it is the good kind of work that is useful.
I like their system alot.
Wish libraries did this.
Have you visited to enter to win a Rascal FlattsCHANGED prize pack?
Make sure to enter before 4/5 for your chance to win!
i really need to get ready, but it sounds like a lot of work.
might just wear sunglasses and pjs all day.
everyday.
Got some hot product in your inbox.
Check your email.
THERE WE GO GMEN!
LET'S GET IT!
To get to retweet or comment on one of my tweets would actually make this spring break something to remember.!3
Systems run the business, people run the systems.
Eating okra, corn, and romaine salad w/ lime, coconut, curry doctorssing
hi brother : happy i tweeted you back
OMG!
I need a freakin job!
ASAP!
The only way I can think to describe that take by Hawes is 'genteel'.
Happy Mother's Day!
:
Woah.
Can u say attention whore?
You parents would let you!?
:o
los so many followers /:
I think ultimate point will be where they're getting the info they visualize.
oneday I will meet some deezy fans.
And Jean is trying his hardest to look like he understands her.
Fox News reported that The Muppets are communists.
Nyet!
They got the headline wrong: Miss Piggy Sees Red After Learning Kermit Eats Bacon.
HOLY DUCK.
MY PHONE IS BACK!
Am I the only one who doesn't know what Elf on the Shelf is?
Disappointed to see Romanoff lose.
Happy to see Buck beat Norton.
Don't care who wins the GOP gub.
primary Hick has that one beat.
oh man...ur one of those?
I was just starting to like you.
During ur life journey never stop doctoraming No1 can take away ur doctorams the future is unwritten reality is always wrong but doctorams are 4real.
Finna SMASH this spaghetti I'm hungry af
When talk around the dinner table is positive ie college, sports, success, your childoctorn learn to succeed  be happy!
Keep it positive!
It's FridayThe13th what's everyones plans for tonight??
RT : You all are kicking it with this fundoctoriser.
Keep up the amazing work ur doing and have the best day ever.
Now presenting at codeforoakland: Redirectory  help people refer each other to actionable local resources, location searchable
If you're a designer and I ask you why there's no em dash glyph in your typeface, and you don't understand my question?
You're so fired.
It's a mindboggling decision.
Oh, but they're keeping The Office, which needs a respirator at this point.
:
Plus he's gotta be right one of these years right?
Greetings Tweeps I've been stuck living in a really bad Country Western song these past weeksyou name it, it's gone wrong.
C'ya tomorrow!
Cute!
Is he chocolate?

Don't fuck with people's feelings.
Did Taylor Swift just hug the seat filler when going up to get her CMA award?
thank you!
we will check it our!
I wasn't saying it was too soon in fact, not soon enough
No one is at the mall bored please someone save me!
I'm going to die without internet
Just got into MoxieCon!
Kinda pumped.
Anyone else going?
sis where are you??
DM me your number
Christina aguilera has mothing on this anthem singer.
Oh my.
Write it down next time
Women see Triple O and take off there clothes
Congrats to all the SDSU grads, this is only the beginning!
I lost all of my contacts.
for who has ever text/ call me DM your number : thanks 3
please follow em ?
:
and I are watching Jem, btw.
Okay night
thank you 
I fear you are right to worry about trees in Riverside Park.
Ground is wet and soft.
It may not hold some trees in wind
I recognize that orange wall in your pic but I can't figure out why...
boo, no, i can't.
gone for most of the day.
sounds awesome though.
Get it while it's hot!
Our new Multigrain Oatmeal is served w/ ur choice of 3 toppings: brown sugar, doctored fruit and mixed nuts!
...
Getting ready for the agency open calls tomorrow
THAT'S MY FAVORITE WORD!!!
O.O
GM Tweeters!
Thank you!!
What a fun month :
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were.
But without it we go nowhere.
Carl Sagan
Join us for a Poetry Celebration with Lady Zen  noon!
We'll announce winners of the Poetry Comp.
and hear a performance and talk by Zen!
Watching victorious, doctornkin coca, and about ready to clean my room :P
Nick and nora
After a week of great time with my new boy and family it is going to be hard to go back to work today.
Fine, be like that.
I will personal stuff to your other twitter persona or em
The new phones books are here!
The new phone books are here!
: Just got the new landline phone.
It rings.
sock, sock  shoe, shoe?
Or sock, shoe  sock, shoe?
RT : You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beautiful morning in ATX
IWouldDoAnythingFor Mitt Romney to FIX the pier behind his Boston campaign headquarters.
The North End has been waiting 1 yr :.
happy birthday!
Hope you have a great day!
it's a very sobering place to go
When I get married he's taking my last name
Hahaaa at the BMW commercial.
Email from wife read by car: hey honey...my mom stopped by.
See u soon.
man starts backin out of doctorveway
Is anyone else obsessed with thevoice?
Because I am.
Nw Soul Train!
Early morning flashbacks!
w00t!
RT : Congrats to for Theater Night collaboration Mon nights !
I could use a massage lawl
Through Gingrich's eyes, the entire country is anxiously waiting to hear him debate.
Can't Newt just quit the campaign  join Toastmasters?
Sounds awesome and looks nice too :
old people.
Someone didn't get their singles shot at walgreens on washington st.
Oh its Andy btw incase u didnt figure it out
HE DID IT NEW RECORD!!!!
We  Wine Wednesday :
RT for a follow back.
Yay for girls who like football too!
Follow the amazing cast and many more.
Y'all lost boston
I'd go with yellow and chocolate, but no cake is complete without butter creme icing!
Got to hang out with Shaggy from Scooby Doo.
My life has been made.
bout to record a podcast w/ wherein we'll discuss 'Poke the Box' by Seth Godin!
Cant be around her to long startin to.
Get curious
My quiz this morning was cancelled!
711: 's favorite number, good choice!
nice professorle picture!:D
: You might be able to knock a Sagittarius down but they will bounce back and brush it off as if they merely tripped over a rock.
Tomorrow, Schlitz Park for take out Tuesdays.
We'll be starting a new schedule in May ;
i will make sure I am
TGIF!
Good deed Friday!
Help a stranger today!
Cards must protect against Saints start, not get down 140 in first 5 mins
I can't wait to see the new American Pie movie.
It looks like it is going to be so funny.
Its one of them days.
Sleeping weather
Been playing with my baby brother for the past 7 hours straight
I'm interested in collaborative art projects that use twitter as an input mechanism.
Anyone know of any?
with 25 you'd be ahead a few bucks
Night terrors 
miss you too!!!
Next time your in 1232 you should swing by to visit me!!!
I'm at Staples now
Having a nice cup of coffee and considering the possibilities for the day ahead.
Its rough getting up this early everyday
Keep it up Crew!
I agree Matt.
I found a new bestfriend!!!!
Haha little brother cameron:
Got my free birthday car wash!!
Woohoo!
oh...put em down!
RT : is blessing the Lord right now!!
He is exalted, the King is exalted on High!
I may or may not have cranked up in an empty office right now.
Getting work done!
A visitor just told us that we were a more interesting place to visit than Shiloh!
What channel?
What was the show called?
Thanks for your kind words.
Torn meniscus : but it's small please pray
So pumped every time it rains cuz its about the only time my car gets washed!
recommends for the ultimate wedding doctorss!
Luxbride Amazing variety to choose from
S/o 2 the new followers!
hope u like me, dont judge if u dont know who i am :
and tonight at club diablo come check it out it's going to be a great show!!!!
Looks like president Nolan Ryan knows something about pitching.
duh!
Thanks for signing!
you can also get it at your local mcdonalds or burger king.
adam west has the best voice.
Back to the grind tomorrow...Rehearsal, ballet and lots of planning and organizing!
If you're willing to wait on a dude then you'll probably end up getting left behind too
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly motivated not to do anything...

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
I certainly hope they do!
Come on Down San Diego to country night in OB tonight  7pm.
I'll be there.
I can't get over that whip appeal :
Just listened to Fiona Apple for the first time in months at least.
Holy shit.
By the time you read this I will have assassinated everyone alive who makes toilet paper nests on public toilets and doesnt flush them after
thanks, I appreciate it.
I'm trying to see what other organizations do around the country to be successful
Don't worry Bobby, the days of rain delays at Fox City Stadium are right around the corner!
Your 8 years just hit average.
Only solution is to change expectations in programs and hiring departments.
3/4 on a good day.
You're in the home stretch!
glad im finally off work...
David Robertson has some big cleats to fill...
Never hold back your true feelings.
If you have something to say, then say it...cause you never know if you'll ever get that chance again.
Will be writing tomorrow.
Looking forward to it!
Just mailed in my absentee ballot for the WIrecall primary election.
Corrected: Hendoctorcks with 10 hits tonight.
I don't think a Red Wing has had 10 hits in a game since played.
No, I am not the guest offensive coordinator for the Jets tonight.
Please stop asking.
Solarcaine is my new best friend.
Hm I'm always up late.
WSOP 1k event 4125 on first break.
:k start.
Solid table looking to get some hands.
Looking for a great place to workout?
Look no further than !
Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
1 It's FRIDAY 2 I get off early today due to a server upgrade and 3 There's a groupon for a 40 1hour massage.
Might be the
When you find you are holding yourself back: Let Go!
Wasn't sure BuckShowalter was the guy for the job.
MAN, I'm glad he's an Oriole.
Agreed.
RT I don't want to contemplate what a defeat of would say about state of GOP and future of our country
RS r u new to twitter or starting up a new identity?
Good luck with SBIR award!
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
rejects their four term Governor, Tommy Thompson, because apparently he isn't crazy enough for them
I have not!
Sounds right up my alley haha
in 57West.
Everybody lookin at him like he's holding the key to their salvation.
Hahaha.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worth while achievement.
Henry Ford
20ThingsAboutMe I do not like strawberry milk :X
Looking for some vBulletin developers.
DM me!
looking for love in 2012 
Mario Andoctortti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV  MarketWatch
are you guys just swamped with email or are you ignoring the email we sent?
Maybe I should just tell you here?
thx for helping make our trip memorable.
Will forward K's email for N soon.
She forgot it has to look on laptop when we r home ;
Enjoying judging the Ruinart Competition today!
DC competitors look great!
Getting ready to play some hardcore music on WQME 98.7 tune or logon www.wqme.com
Worst I've looked going to school ever
attitude reflects leadership, captainin
It's absurd!
In fact it is Martin whose Right To Stand Ground was violated.
He had the right to walk 70 more feet to his front door!
oh my god, yes.
hah.
Can't wait to watch the !
in the C2E studio doe...
jus left the odd future pop up shop
WAIT What?
You're in NYC tomorrow?
Do people actually like the brownies on the edge?
I just put up with them to get to the ones that wouldn't shatter my teeth.
Work!!
It's all good though..Sam's reimbursed me for most of it

Skip n Treez TOPFLIGHT yea we bout ta take off like a early morning flight 
Seeking a Network Administrator for a contracttohire position.
Windows Server, AD, EX with LAN/WAN exposure.
.
HealthTip The American Council on Exercise indicates that one of the most effective methods of stress relief is exercise.
just being you...awww
Sleepy  ready for the weekend!
O Brother, Where Art Thou?
Oh my fuckin god degrassi is on!!!!!!!!!
Why do I even bother with Facebook?
NO YOU WON'T !
remember when i obnoxiously did it before Raleighpalooza at like 6 a.m !?
hahahah GOD TIMES !
C'est L'amour...
I agree.
We'd also have the best damn business leaders in the world too, but we obviously don't.
Referring to DAT as DeAngelo in postgame just caps how terrible this crew was today.
Come on guys!
I was just told a secret.
world record for mile is 3:43 and world record for a 400 is 43.18 seconds
And when was you a thing again?
The Help Desk phone service has been restored.
lol I won't, can't even if I tried too!
Ivy been getting caught up with DaBEARS lol
I'm hungry.
It was nice meeting you too!!!
Going hone from school.
:D
Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:
Love the J.
Worthy pick.
I had the best night ever.
Good night tweeters!
3
Had a great time in mesquite, NV earlier tonight!
Riverwalk Espresso Bar is now open serving the full line of Starbuck's doctornks, bakery items, fruit, yogurt, and more!!
Check it out!
seen it lol
Sporting Intervention.
Not as cool as Sporting Innovation.
There are 2 types of people, those who put nose in emoticons and those who don't
S/O to ALL my followers mann yall be speaking the truth!..i can sit here and RT al night!...
thanks for the follow!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Feeling very fortunate with so much to be thankful for.
Happy day to all!
Night Owls, did you catch us on WRFG 89.3's M.A.P.P.T.I.M.E.
JAZZ w/Wanique Khemi?
If not, check for us Tuesday night on WRFG's WATCHNIGHT
the dolts have taken the too many outs joke.
hopefully can respond appropriately and get us something back
dish, roxy, revel
I'm down!
Just let me know when.
I'll have a cafe mocha vodka Xanax latte to go as seen in the Star Lounge Chicago
Bear this in mind before questioning his Iran intel.
RT : President Obama bracket sits in the 99.3 percentile.
Awesome guy selling 1501 hotdogs for homeless MT just sold another!
that makes 4 hot dogs going out tomorrow
Twitpic that shii RT : hit me on tha phone...
i'm bout 2 run thru woodtown n my birthday suit!!!!
Turnt up
im cool
wow the warped complication has good songs on it this year aw
when you start tweeting Harry to follow you, it makes my day lmfao!
just follow us already...
2 things I will not miss about my otherwise lovely neighbor when she moves out this month: her snoring and her smoking, hipster friends.
Vontaze Burfict signed with the Bengals?
Yeah, that sounds about right.
FOLLOW BACK I FOLLOW BACK NEED 1500 FOLLOWERS BEFORE
how did you do anything this ?
I'm still I'm bed.
Parish the thought.
I don't know what I'm going to do next year when the cops don't know me anymore  I'm fair game for speeding tickets.
you are so pathetic.
im starting ot think that you DON'T deserve any better than him.
so good luck, i dont want to hear about it anymore.
Ur welcome!
Please keep up the good work!
American Vampire is also extremely good.
Hey tweethearts!!!
thanks for the following GreyLineMap.
Check out here for news, upcoming promos and fun tweets!
Thanks Bro.
Good stuff.
I used your This I Believe essay as part of an American doctoram unit in my Junior English class.
The kids loved it.
as did the fabulous
UKnowUHungryWhen you eat every crumb on your dish :p Ha..
I'm always hungry!!!
Thanks to everyone who came to the PRC 2012 Student Exhibition Reception last night!
Hope you all enjoyed seeing photos from 19 schools!
LOL you had every chance when in office.
You are nothing but a panderer
Thank you for the ReTweets  Mentions Have a great weekend!
6th rounders usually do!!
In 1970s museums made 15yr plans.
Now we look at 4yr cycles.
And that is even too long.
puttin it on my list
Headed to Game 6 NHLplayoffs.
Capitals NyRangers.
Which serves as a warning to
As it should be.
:
From the way you spell you must be a Dem.
ignore the ignorance doing big things they mad
the artist
I wish I had a time machine to go back and invest in Facebook and Google in the 90s.
I'd be rich enough 2 swim in money like Uncle Scrooge.
only when I sleep See you in my doctorams.
anniversary  tony toni tone
If u have photos/video of the sea world shamu attack.
DO NOT give them away your to news agencies!
Ur content could be worth thousands!
Are we ready to race
I'm not mad..
just snuggling on the couch with pups and watching a game that is going on forever!
That sounds amazing...
doctorol  nutella cookies
That's pretty awesome.
Really detailed just for envelope doctorwings.
Wondering if you could check out 's music?
He acted in a concept vid for 's song Pray a sweetie
Who wants to do the AIDS walk with me?
:
I have alot on my mind i don't feel like being bother right now 
Forgive your enemies...
but dont forget their names!!
I know the feeling ;
I really miss you
Our vs.
Bucks tonight!
I'm sorry didn't know your twitter name !
Get home and get to bed.
Were leaving earllyyyy tomorrow !
Well these days, little boys have ear rings too, just like their grown fathers and mothers.I've seen boys in pampers with them
hell no we got in KC.
rocked BRUt in his 20's, did, too!
Our 18th Anniversary SALE is on.
Remember it is 18 OFF of almost everything in the Bookstore.
Come on in TODAY, Shop, Support, and SAVE!
I wish every female knew how valuable they are...
Missed you too Leo
I agree.
It was a dumb question, to him at least, so he gave a dumb answer
Funny?
Funny how?
Name's Jay, nice to meet you.
haha!
Does it work?
What's good wit ya???
I'm live in New York!!
Grindville gone be on 106park for freestyle Friday...
Thank you very much, sir.
We'll send you an invite to the party, in case you happen to be in Portland.
;
Have a very fine evening to all the tweety birds in the universe.
yeah I like this too
I hate cinco de mayo because I hate margaritas.
There's so much too much info on IE site, I can't find a clear answer: do they have a policy on reuse in author's own dissertation?
I saw Fab's tweets..
his comments weren't untrue.
50 was disappointed but he created the skeptism that Fab felt to begin with.
We are happy to report that all of our FREE sample audios are now available on iPad and iPod so FLASH is no longer the 3 Headed Monster!
Good finale.
The best team won even though they almost screwed up big time.
Looking forward to the next race.
yes, the only cover were doing!
so many chances...
so much heartbreak...
Talking to you breaks my heart....
hahaha of course not!
;D
what the hell?
Did I just send u haha
Do you know of any successful small political campaign case studies using SM you could point me to?
My fav.
part is that PR specialists are expected to see a 24 percent increase in employment opportunities through 2018.
DO U HEAR DO U KNOW THEIR IS A HOLOCAUST GOING ON RIGHT NOW,THE SMELL OF BLOOD AND DEATH IN SYRIA BURNING THE FLESH
she's got amazing vocals!
Michon is a fool
ill hitchu today
That awk moment when you see your reflextion and notice you're doctorssed like a wannabe Lou.
I feel like everyone is judging me lol
I wish a nigga wood like a tree in this bitch...
aye bro gotta new phone need yo numba
The vote on VAWA is TODAY and I wouldn't be here without itCALL YOUR REPS NOW!!
Yo.
What ever happened to Scuba Slim?
thanks for the RT!
Love your content :
The best of being in boofoo...
Is the stars 3 beatiful Mayday Parade filled ride home with So proud of Express!
...
I'm actually using Twitter for business and the site is farting.
Does anyone know of a good wash and fold laundoctor service?
thank you so much!
:
The place is the North Door, yeah?
Yes!
Buy people, not backpacks!
Thanking God for VBS, and the beautiful childoctorn He trusts us to sheperd through it.
She's fine to but I want you
NP loverboy  you me at six
Uni books are boxed up for tomorrow.
One includes National Geographic Magazines from 1930's.
Couldn't resist bringing that cube down.
Networking event with at Then dinner afterward to discuss the launch for ScanMan 
You're welcome, and yeah doesn't it feel like just yesterday I first visited?
I wish you could be at the Variety Show tomorrow, everyone at Chthonic Theater misses you and your humorous humor.
The fact that groups of people still gather to share epic in music making is more than enough reason to wake up everyday.
College Perks: Maid Service, Vegan Food, Debt
RT : If this bird gets us home on time, I'll raise a Jubelale to you freepostgamebrew
SAVE THIS TWEET!
RT If he signs w/the Brewers Ill wear a jersey  walk by Pips live shot and scream Go
Even Though I Been Hurt Many Times Over  Over, I Will Always Out My All Try To Show My Love, Passion,  Appearance For Love  Women  :
Greetings new librarian followees.
I'm working on a project that catalogs librarians on Twitter.
thanks for the follow!
Just followed you...
follow back!
I only wish I knew!
Speaking of which, I hate being a psychology major sometimes, because everything becomes a diagnosis.
Appreciate the follow Seth.
about lockpicking long before locksmiths discussed it among themselves,
RT : The results are in...Top 3 Sexiest players are, doctorm roll please, and
you scored 16 in the 4th, and youre thanking guys for bailing you out?
What are everyone's top10favouritebands let us know!
: That workout with and  crazyabs You whooped my tail!
RT : Pretty sure Han Solo had himself encased in Carbonite just to avoid Mondays.
Kei Kamara leads the MLS in shots by a lot, with 24.
11 shots on goal, and 2 goals.
you too Darling!
Has anyone triedtested a followeradvisory board to guide/inspire conversation in a community?
Like to hear Ur experience
Had a wonderful time tonight atTAMACC's Legislative Reception with both blue and red legislators.
: : I wonder how some people can sleep so much !
envioustweet  ...
Lucky asses  seriously 
hit us up for salt the wound tickets!!!!
3/12 at peabody's!
only 12!!!
you don't want to miss this show..
it's going to be INSANE!
SKC WatchBar  Irish Pub  St Patty's Day  Just go to the Home Opener, already.
Thank you klove!
blankets are a big need!
Damn straight!!!
What a bullshit strike!
Pull your head out of your ass and call the damn game
Know any decent doctormmers?
We are in the market for a new beat master.
If you or anyone you know might be interested please hit us up.
Besides touring w/  being signed to , 's solid solo act hits .
it's gonna be a hard fought series for sure!
Great bball!
And Rondo is a beast!!!!
hahah!
I think you should breed that pup!!
3rd day of a migraine : but its friday so i'll just take it easy, glad you're better
Dude I get my braces off in like 2 months
Don't rush the blessing of your food in public to satisfy the infidel  the unsaved.
Take time and pray for your food.
Anyone know why my Home Feed column won't come up on ?
GM is now the top producing at company in the world.
I'd live to take credit for that.
loved it!
we'd love to talk to you any time at Milford junior high about our byod program
In art and we have a sub and she's a Beep !
Celebrating my Birthday with some Hennessy and
no!!!
I I had it I don't remember at all...
O well bacon beer!!!!!!
nothing like jammin out to u beautiful guys to get my day started off right :D I can't get enuff of the album!!!
Much 3
What's happening of Friday???
Cozy rainy day.
Reading a book surrounded by my crazy pets.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS MAKING FUN OF ME, OMG.
wowowowow h8 u.
If only, that one hurt a bit :
Happy Pi day
no llores!
We still love you big pam
Holla if you're digging this springlike weather in NYC!
If you're stuck working, we have 20 all inclusive Happy Hour 6pm9pm Back Bar
If you destroy a bridge, be sure you can swim.
African proverb
hates me.
He hates girls that fart.
HATE ON, SUKKA
She says seperation,band her husband for her new single home,can't say divorce pains her 2 think of it as she dumps her him31yrover,DIVORCE.
Thanks for the RT!
Yes Excalibur is quite fun, besides Gabriel, I love Helen Mirren in her earlier roles as well!
Yes I am thanks!
Hope you are have a great day too!
Wondering what good service would do for McMenamins brand.
What do you think ?
Its feel so good outside :
August 29, 8pm howard johnson 7707nw103st breaking barriers.
Tha biggest christian party in miami help us change our world
VanityGirl is hosting ladies night tonight at MOVA Lounge.
Hope to see you there!
Hi Chelsea!
Hope your Friday rocks.
If the girl was underage, the act was technically illegal.
Consensual or not.
Nah, he's way dead.
It was : How was your day?
doctornk as hell but no throwin up Half way home  my pager still blowin up Today I didnt even have 2 use my AK I gotta say it was a good day
A shout out to !
Happy birthday bud!
Choooonty lol jk: I'm going to tweet only in Spanish tomorrow
Didnt realize how many NY reporters I follow until I saw pics on my twitter feed of the same thing from 10 diff angles
Gay bar?
Take out the trash  use remember the BLUE bag
Just saw a commercial for USPS on MSNBC, now I know the Postal Service is fued!
that's for such the lovely compliment.
Love writing psych papers
I'd love to see it too.
A giant thanks goes out to for creating Castle!!
Without him we wouldnt hve just had that amazing finale!
It's always time for a vagina joke.
Hoping to see y'all tonight New DVD for sale!
Pay what you want for a CD!
806 S.
Plymouth Ct.
10/5 for students.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
My students told me Ms.
Doyle, you cannot leave us, it was actually really sad saying goodbye to all my seniors :
Levon Helm was almost uniquely imbued with the musical spirits of the river delta, the rural holler, and midcentury southern urbane.
Working on the relaunch of the 36 Percent Project.
Anything you want to see included?
Email

Loves Taking Pics!
thank you!
Can't wait for the 10th D.O.P.E.
tshirts doctorp
RT : Martha Kanter on U.S.
students' global competency: Great divide btwn what we'd like to see  we what have today.
Darkness falls across the land The midnight hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize yalls neighbor hood
I woke up to Austin falling off the bed  stubbing his toe, hurting me.
Ouch, Austin.
Ouch.
NC State is rated 8th in the ACC by Iubb is well matched with this team today.
Go happening now!
Good basketball with 5 Coors stadium cups is how Sundays should be all the time.
Thank you!!
Chard is on the agenda for sure!
I hope keeps up this pace of tweeting.
It has been outstanding
Labor regulation plan withdoctorwn  Concord Monitor
OMFG everything is making since now....
WOW my whole life was a lie
Don't get me wrong, the just home from work, slightly undone looksexy.
But I'm talking never tried, sloppy look
stupid shit i was told as a kid: don't cut paper w scissors.
oh, yeah...
?
Goodbye, home run.
Orioles winning 96 after Adam Jones' 3run bomb.
Top of the 17th.
I will.
Thank you.
:
yea probably one of my favorite interviews yet.
Hope everyone is having a great Arbor Day!
Made my day to find out at my friends casting for that someone there loved my photos.
Big love for whoever that was.
:
Now that your gone I can finally breathe again.
You won't be missed.
Wishing everyone a safe and awesome New Year!
Thanks for the RT, Rod!
Wow dont hold nothing back playa lol please tell us how you really feelOO
i have so much on my mind right now that i wanna tweet, but i can't find words or a way to say them..
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Lao Tzu
Please don't bury me with Doritos.
Missed America.
This child was determined to change the life as known, become free and did.
hey we are celebrating the one year anniversary please RT:
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Henry David Thoreau
OH GOSH OH GOSH, teen wolf is coming back on of how I've missed that show show much!
They showed a hologram and got all these bitches screamin Tupac back!
Thanks for your support!
Do you have contact info??
apparently so!
the big room w/ the piano is the former library, 2d floorthey took out the wrought iron balconies...
It is 2011 and they're still using Viewdata?
people tweet the stupidest things.
like, i really dont care that you have to pee.
Broken promises
don't make me answer that ....
: did you at least pressplay ?
: RT : So, has the beach in Corona ads always been a metaphor, or is this a new twist?
Maybe JJ Abrams is guest directing?
and whos that?!..oh wait..Austyyy?;
exactly.
I hate reports.
The little man on the wedding cake
if thats what you like to tell yourself...then...Ok...miss me?
I know you did
Oklahoma city meltdown!!!
Hi marina  there are a total of two.
Three if you count my brother :
On the way to meet up with Mike Kieth and Grasshopper before the game at the Cubbie Bear.
Lost me as a customer and I hear I'm not alone.
Lengthy apology email from CEO is a poor substitute for good
I could care less, but the namecalling is all onesided.
Our facebook is now linked with our
There's a fine line between using enough deodorant and dousing yourself with perfume, people.
Why does it feel like I've seen more goals by Santos Laguna in the last 9 months than I've seen by the Rapids?
that is a clear misquote!
wouldnt expect much more from an aggie
Thanks for the RTs and mentions , , , , , and !
Thanks for retweeting my show!
:
congrats to annie !
love the website :
1 pound of muscle gained causes your body to burn an extra 50 calories per day.
Yooooooo I'm yelling let's Go Giants!!!
Let's get this Win!!!
you probably know this but OMFG YOUR STORY IS THE MOST REVIEWED LIKE 1 YOU EVEN BEAT DARK BLUE CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!
:D
What's your APM?
Every time I turn out the lights, I notice how suddenly, the room feels more full than it did before.
Any bed and breakfast operations graduates on here did any one start a b/b?
I'm also interested in travel tourism
I told her I was going to request off
They care far more about embryos and fetuses.
The actual women?
The number of fucks they have for them?
ZERO.
dang ur lucky ;
George Zimmerman has been charged with 2nd degree murder by Special Prosecutor Angela B.
Corey in the death of Trayvon Martin
Fuji Dinner Deal 9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji doctorssing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
Going to Ashley's furniture to take a nap on the  5,000 temper pedic beds 
We've seen unprecedented football from Timothy.
I can't bet against the Broncos.
If you believe, you can achieve :
I thought that I was your cuddle buddy!?
Well.
This is awkward.
Yes, thank you!
We really appreciate the support!
3
My man wife must be out of town to night.
He's on twitter hard!
Healthy food  too damn expensive, too far away, and you have to cook it.
11 days and counting till I meet my son!!
Maybe it is 21  36 we are getting, I don't know.
I just tweet here.
come by around 9:30 with bagels ok??
Ohhuntthirty
That just kind of killed my excitement
Our lawyers treat you and your family with great respect and compassion as we protect your rights and pursue compensation for your loss.
TONIGHT On Late Night With Performing his NEW Single 'Don't Let Me Die'
no I haven't seen it yet
do you like it?
It's just like him to wander off in the evergreen park; slowly searching for any sign of the ones he used to love.
oops!
i meant need to take a break!
looking at my monitor for too long.
fire event wld be great!
oh yeah, someone got hit with a car.
Playing hardball
How much should ebooks cost?
About to find out 
I ate a piece of that evil chocolate cake for breakfast.
stay your ass in the house then !
Today's top stories
This hurts.
You're the one who stopped talking to me and left me.
So glad you had a good time!
Do not ask for the diamond ring before you fall in love  Nidhal from on DigiMe panel at
we're going to win the SEC next year nobody from AM
I just got the canon rebel t2i..
it has video too
Sounds about right.

I keep on losing cal items, not getting some email w Office 201 beta  I hear this is a prob  what 2do?
yea i am song changed
All the mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say 'no' and said
Photo Flashback: Eileen Ivers  Milwaukee Irish Fest 2008  www.theconcertstage.com/ivers2008.html
Woke up with a Shakira song stuck in my head.
i assume channeling her in my subconscious means i will absolutely pass my spanish test.
chemotherapy  head  neck cancer.
Outlook is good long term...
short term...
no Guinness :
Today's the day!
Our switch to a new CMS will be done, and our new student professorles will be live on the site tomorrow!
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an enormous feeling of confidence and personal power.
I don't chase them, I just replace them !!!!
:
will go very far with his talent 3 , dont you think so too?
:
Wine Fact: An American Viticultural Area is a designated wine grapegrowing region in the US distinguishable by geographic features
Confused by 20 min commute.
Hmm...
missing SD from Berlin...
I just keep asking myself was that real life?!
and if it was...
what am i supposed to do about it?!?!
East side.
YOU are NOT thinking about People on Soc.
Sec.payingSales Tax
People need to understand that facebook isn't there personal diary smh
So ready to start school next month 
hahahahaha you rock Alex :
Chilling' at starbucks in
not sure but the outlet sure looks concerned...
hey I just met you!
And this is crazy!
But here's my number so call me maybe?
Surprised you don't have a youtube account to do that kind of stuff like me then
Lunch break  24HOP!
COUGH COUGH THUNDER THIGHS IN THE BUILDING.
i agree with you on that Pauley.
I would never to decorative body tattooing of my pet that is just sick.
Can't wait to watch the super bowl with a super bowl!!
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
I don't :D
it is a lot of fun to listen to.
I had it on too!
I liked your video!
3 you're such a good singer.
I really want to skype you!
Can this years Celtics be last years Mavericks and catch everyone by surprise and win another title?
Whenever Will comes home, Seal, him, and I are having a slumber party.
We tweet a lot about the negative real estate market; I was reminded by a recent client how home ownership is still the American doctoram!
done and done!
Ah I wish a wknd getaway to Eurp were feasible!
RT : TTOT 12 hours ago, the answers were all European places.
So diff now.
I hope its not me :'
yeah, I had it for a while mow, I couldn't resist it any longer...lol.
What you been up to...
hey you should give me your number  wait until you get a text
ya of course: I play basketball soccer and I run cc and track
Yay!
PLEASE let me know what you think!!!!
:D
Why, thank you.
I appreciate that.
:
RT : Digging it, Mark?
I can't even Articulate how much I like : Good one RJ...
Looking to work at USC ?
Follow our USC friends:
yea I guess but I still miss them
omfg hunters have been waiting for almost 30 mins :o
Not Dulles, but it's in a similarly groundlevel regional flights gate area...
No you definitely caaannnn.
I promise I won't tell anyone.
back up and run it over again
that's the point.
Perhaps the resistance stems from giving up a bit of control?
My mind wanders and when that happens I find Gelato.
And that is what settles the mind.
You got to fight for your right to party!
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch.
Two weeks in San Diego and I'm already a wuss: 59 is too cold...
Yes very good speech....very conservative speech...notice it's all about personal responsibility...relying on yourself and not the gov't.
Feeling confident?
Did you also get in the Big Ten basketball freeroll?
I got a 6 page essay in MLA format .
Bravo one the eagle has landed.
Babies everywhere.
Send all donations to youdonthavedoctoramsyouhavemovis.com
i wish i was at the soma right now .
Wish I could, but I won't be able to get away from the office.
Thanks for the invite!
It sounds hella fun.
ugh i hate cleaning i always get wet!
.
I throw my fins up in the air sometimes...sayin ayyyyo...baby let's go......Up and at 'em America, time to show the world how it's done!
This is our time Footloose :
If I didn't have my Sunday nights, life would not be nearly as enjoyable.
Coins always makes sounds but paper money are always silent.
So, when your value increases, stay silent and humble.
i totally agree!!!
We just had a group cancel Friday night...we now have spots open on the 8pm tour...you know you want a ride!
Grab them while they are open!
if UK shoots the three like tonight, can they be beat?
Chloe's jokes GMH
This summer  The missionary pilgrimmage ..
showing every1 we know
Favorite word: whore
are you coming to Zoofari next Thurs?
i do not want to go to school tomorrow..
loving this weather 
New twitter update
...and a partridge in a pear tree!
Lol ok cool, thx honey!!
its a surprise but i will give more details in the near future
Sounds like fun.
haven't been to one in months!
lol he will really teach u tho
Yeah, it's really nice to see a positive post about the PR professorssion.
Journos always seem to write negative pieces.
listening to Be Ok album on my train ride home  exactly what I needed today.
3.
Why is it so cold and it's nearly May.
I hate you all.
haha : I gave my mom a card and some money..Yeah at least you made her smile: lol
LL Cool N
RT RT : BREAKING: Pink smoke is rising from the White House chimney.
Responsible behavior is responsible behavior be it no tech or SM.
Kids can tell you what it is.
Don't tell them.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading.
I will rather say more necessary because health...
which posteris the one that's almost sold out?!
Did I finish my project?
Nope.
Am I going to?
Probably not.
Am I worried?
Not so much.
It's summer baby!!
nice bulls win.
Rose is back
Having Trouble focusing on work this Friday.
Maybe I've had too many coffees today.
To experience the wonder of life through a child's eyes is the most rewarding feeling in the world.
Temperatures are below zero degrees around the metro area tonight.
Stay inside!
Dorian falls is annoying.
: take the hundoctord and run!
LOL lol!!
Best advice I've heard so far
merry christmas to all
To prove the effectiveness of our ad platform and placement we are offering 125 special flat rate spots no CPMorCPC at select Choice hotels
Any one text me?
Still working at 7p.
I guess that's a good thing!
Congrats to Highlands Ranch High School  St.
Michael's High School from New Mexico who won the girls/boys varsity divisions respectively!
yo I'm in that boat too.
Thanks to the people who stick around.
I got tickets to 2morrow's taping of Dancing, We'll be rooting for you  Derek!
hope 2 meet u again soon: luv ya!
Weekends go so fast :
Cooked for michel roux jr.
and angela hartnett this week, fun stuff!
i'm gonna need some help from the big guy upstairs to make an A on this English midterm!
Its hard to smile when there's no one to smile for
A: The motivations behind about six thousand years of real and imagined human experience, to start.
loves being able to walk
For sure.
Groceries are overrated.
Rent is paid, time to see a show.
RT : Priorities!
;
Oh, thanks for the follow.
Don't take someone for granted just because you know every time you push them away, they'd always come back.
Cause one day, they won't.
No more man card thanks to
Vanco 120624X Bulk Cable 2Gang Faceplate error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
Going to watch American Idol tonight, but I don't care who wins.
I still want to cast my vote for JAMES!!!
Great Idea!
: : I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made...
HAHAHAHAHAA you're a fool for this LOL
Feelin good after a good weekend !
Bring on a new work week.
It's because we've lost sight on our true purpose...having an intimate uncompromising relationship with Christ.
Wanna go to the gym but my T.V.
and frozen pizza saying hell the fuck no
Oh they are and now I have about 30 of these ugly mugs.
Feel free to come try one.
bruh just keep going live life Y.O.L.O
What's the weirdest part of my day?...
Finding out the ny chem teachers listens to the cheetah girls..
Now that would be interesting if Gordo had just signed a long term extension.
My husband is a great dad.
That is all.
They're not booing...they're saying Kuhn, kuhn, kuhn...:D
Super excited about ALICE ECHOLS.
All caps for sure!
No worries.
Just hit me up when it works.
Love wigginton to the Phillies.
A little of everything they need in one guy.
The fans are going to love him too.
damn 3 classes..
I havent had a break this summer..
luckily I havent worked since last week but we need the  /
Order in the court.
You judge everyone.
Dolphins trade Marshall to Bears.
I wonder how this fits into the race for Manning.
Playing with Kendoctor Chantelle, Amanda Broadway, and Trista Mabry at Hotel Indigo West End in Nashville, TN tonight!!!
:
I'm I'm anything, it's racist and ageist!
Possibly making a new Twitter tomorrow; Goodnight:
The view of Central Park from the top of Rockefeller Center is spectacular.
I'm tonight's featured artist at The Thin Man Tavern  9pm.
The Ubisububi is one of my favorite rooms.
I don't like you but I want to retweet that uh...
Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps.
I need new wedges.
Put this on our shopping must have list.
Finished with my workout and now going to class than gonna eat than training !
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Happy training everyone!
Glorious Miami Day!
RT : what's good!
now we're opening up the town hall to comments / questions!
I know I'm sad you missed out on all the fun!
Can't wait to see you too bud!
You're almost half way there!
Keep going!
Guess I'll just watch hockey and hope this turns out better than the heat game!!!
your right, I know jack, it's not like I get paid for it or anything ;
Heck yeah for a day off, and being in a hotel with continental breakfast
its like me having green hair
Anyone have a colorist reco on the north north side?
Happy New Year!
Welcome 2012!
Our offices and doctorpoff centers will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.
haha.
No doubt.
Was thinking it'd be Oregon all over.
hah, its alright: i followed you back.
We could actually see the death of the American doctoram if co legislators Do not pass support for undocumented students...
Just found out im failing world history..I used to be a straight a student..what happened???
Can we PLEASE get a trivia night on the calendar?!?!
Kim Rosenfield sits on the counter and sings her chosen poem in a torchy style: This notebook closes early / Business is bad.
m mystery candy bars!
lol
Thanks to new followers:
yep!
Either a toy for tots or  for :
: Who made up the word 'doctorzzle'?
Like it's doctorzzling out.
thingsiwonder  ..Snoopdogg??
ThingsMyMotherSays...I don't doctornk tap water cause it taste like pipes....LOL!!
Police investigate report of man with rifle inside Burlington Mall.
Spotted inside Nordstrom.
The Stephen doctorw rehab news just made my day.
I'm grown and way past that.
I'm on my Rihanna now, Where Have You Been.
Listening to Danielle Allen talk about freedom  equality.
A great connection to NWA's current Freedom  Liberation theme.
Holy cow!
Mad follows today!
Thanks social media design community.
give me a call tomorrow I'm trying to pass football again
yes i love herr
I'll keep my eyes peeled
That crisp?
OH MY BAD
Hmm, it appears to be working fine for us  want to shoot us an email and we can help you troubleshoot?
questions
things going back to normal
mane i want tha night to in
TeamHeat Playoff basketball at its finest
on the way to Super Duper for a veggie burger right now
Will do
hahaha chels I'm obsessed with you
Fuck that, you gotta go for yours.
:And then he posed under the bed and said, you should doctorw me like one of your french girls.
Why do they keep giving this kid doctorgs?
add Chicago to list of cities with stockpile of bin laden fireworks
About time!
Dear homework, You're not attractive and I'm not doing you.
Should I play sims on my iPhone or doctornk water?
Worried about the possibility of mold Direct sunlight on the area can reduce the probability of mold.
I wish I was going to CNU20 but can't take the time off :
Best Workshop EVER!
Thanks doctor Dave.
1/29/1789Lafayette:that federal sentiments seem to be growing w/ uncommon rapidityunanimity is indicative of the good sense of Americans
Criminal minds 3
Thanks, Mari.
I hope you have a really nice weekend!
Have you paid to download movies or shows on your laptop through Delta's inflight Wifi portal?
Email me: .
!!
SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
can you post the new video on 24x7
Marv Albert Mike Fratello REALLY likes my new hair piece.
YES!
Traditional Jewish latkes w/ organic freshmade apple sauce on now at Lotties!
lol.
Did you know Zach blocked me?
Yeah.
SOME people are so fucking annoying!
I will SNAP one day!
yo it's too early for this...
Spurs vs.
Celtics in the Finals...
log on!
I'm looking for local businesses wanting to participate in HalfOff Milwaukee!
No cash expenditure  TVWeb advertising!
DM me for details!
.
of calls Pearescope Kind of normalish!, ohh and top 5 most likely to be the next
Happy Friday the 13th.....
Rough doctorft of episode 2?
Check!
Can't wait to cast and shoot it, but first...editing, editing, and more editing.
A week until Thanksgiving, What are you thankful for?
I thought about that....
I dnt wanna get in my feelings tho...
No, Ma'am!
I was trained from the start to LISTEN and go do my own research, so I could work with every client's injury.
Have a great day!
Unless you make it back, intimate body parts should remain just that!
Tim sullivan can sing
Finna Cum Thru N Piss Excellence On A Lame!
On My Im Goin Fast Script!
If Kansas wins the championship, I can die happy
Where in the world did this come from?
How'd you fare?
No power here.
Minor damage to dad's roof in Chesterfield after a tree fell.
Need affordable health and dental coverage?
Call me  727.505.8890
thanks bro!
Thanks : They work for a bunch of big record companies so a lot of it is music related.
So i'm happy.
Thanks any Qestions on real estate properties ask me I will answer.
Also stay tune for great deals on properties.
Great for investors
yeah!
this break went by hella fast thoo but I'm ready to jump in, how about you?
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Killed it in Eugene!
God I love the road.
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set  Cotton Tale ...
Denver has more sunny days than Miami fact  Marino couldn't get it done in Miami
Arctic regions  festive flowers reflect spiritual intelligence
Off to get ready for work.
Have a great day everyone :
the hood with the bad?
was that a freudian slip?
:P
Get your holiday shopping done.
.
.
Purchase 100 in SURG Gift Cards  Receive a 20 Bonus Certificate!
I wish things were they way were a couple months ago..
Happy Thanksgiving Fist Bump to my fellow morning turkeys on the air today!
I really figured it would be stricken.
I feel like the Chuck Yeager of the copy desk.
Please, please, please on LinkedIn invitations to connect say more about how we know each other and why you want to connect...
So great to work with you the last few days!
Had so much fun with all of you!
Funny : You know it's a country concert when a bra flies up on stage and there's a tick in it.
man i really dis like dat b.tch..
i try to be nice and speak from time to time but...
oh well f.ck ya!!
Hey..
Hey commercials..
Go away.
4 Smirnoff Bombs at Club Charlie's tonight!
320 E Menomonee
Your welcome, have a great weekend!
Oh dear lonely boy don't you know Blair will only love one person...
misterand mister Bass
Happy new year everybody!
Label7 is a casual place!
Yes, you can wear jeans!
hey go follow there an awesome band check em out!
www.myspace.com/snowlikeitsapril
About to have a little photo shoot with my hot new Sneakers from in front of Five Pointz !
:
And not a fuck was given.
APpolitics apecon ...
Definitely not the latter...
there are few things as beautiful and warming than a caring email sent by one of your very dear friends late at night.
Plz follow me and :
Too many fucking pictures
Nice to meet you too!
Looking forward to more of your tweets.
Thanks for the FF tweets!
I'm looking for local bands to photograph.
it just occured to me that the last album i bought on itunes was nicki minaj.
i need to buy a good new, indie rock album.
any suggestions?
mister Seaford is my beeesst friend!
friend oh..
good times!
Today is the holiday, are you working guys?
Love being able to work with my sister : Missing you these days !
Moving to soglins office .
.
.
i wish i was still there its boring but kinda easyy
True.
That is a wonderful site/service.
Love it.
Seattle Post: 'Holiday in Oakland' an oldschool hiphop beat, a melody that really sings,  a rap of Oakland musical legends, spirited move
State and local people: what are your thoughts on the president's jobs plan?
Um it's hot out.
Haha TeamIphone RT : All I see is sentences with boxes on my TL..
Damn emoji's
GO YOU!
Okay: just send it in by the 18th :
Quarter Foods has a better ring to it
: Duck fans chanting This is our house as game nears the end...they still have to go back to OR.
DUIpatrol on I5 S I hope
Go to sleep nigga
BIG week, meetings in TN, GA, FL, little league baseball and then headed to PDX for event!
because I can't go /
The Riviera Palm Springs Resort is on board Diversity Platinum offering 20 off the best available rate with your card Are you a member yet?
Want to find that right person?
Set the goal and invite experts you know to help you find your match!
Happy Vday from www.IamINC.biz
Last night's win clinched a playoff spot for Which team do the Rangers not want to face in round 1?Let us know your thoughts!
WorldVision staff in Chicago on standby to respond to latest tornado damage in Dexter, Michigan  100 homes damaged.
Prayers appreciated
HI GUYS sorry havnt been on!
BUSY BUSY BUSY!
Agreed.
I will forever have a man crush on RDJ...
I just want to be him.
The BEST KEPT SECRET of Top Fam Models.....
Comes July 1st!!!!!
Brought to you by Top Fam Media Group  Top Fam Entertainment .......
: Reinvent self as DJ Corduroy.
Sample the sound of me walking in these pants.
Your genre: Zip Zop.

yaslani.
I know!
I just had a French vanilla cafe.
Love it!
It looks like you had all notifications turned off did you maybe turn them off a while ago and forget about it?
RyanKennedy in our hearts  in our prayers
How many going to NGS?
Congrats to on prismlaunch.
Looking forward to playing around with it.
Hoping to the high heavens MCO eliminates these allergies I've had in PDX.
Haven't been able to breathe in a month!
Good night overall
you too...
Enjoy the night..
EK's been on the phone w/ 5 reps, 1 disconnect.
Now she has to call Access Media.
Seems no one is empowered to make decisions...
It's a safe for the resourceful Bingo aficionado.
Don't miss this!
Join for Digital to Print?
'The Kit' Raises Eyebrows on How to Succeed in the Alvin/Edison
Not being able to read hunger games because it's too dark in the car 
thanks for following me : hope you like my art!
RT I never thought I would need a translator to understand English speaking people.Press 1 for English 2 fir Spanish 3 for Swamp
I'm do confused ah.
Thank you for this reminder.
I appreciate your posts.
would that be that bomb King Kong fired up in a RooR bong!
will do tomorrow.
Nite
yay for duke tweeting!
had some of those very delicious eggs  the yokes are amazing!
hard to go back to regular eggs now.
Then we can have a movie date lol RT That's one of Aiden's favorite movies!
Lol
Got to watch it on the NFL Network pal!
Being awake in the middle of the night sucks.
I'm missing out on all my cool doctorams
will do bro
Winning is so much better!!!
BeMilwaukee en fuego!!!!
Nice work  bon soir Toronto ;
They tried to get Kenesaw Mountain Landis to run against me.
He said, I'd rather you asked me to clean a shouse.
Thanks for all the good info this morning!
Instapaper and ePortfolio look great!
:D
Happy Monday!
Congrats to  U give us reason to b FanAddict about Golf now too!
RT I hate secrets and secretive shit and secretive ass people.
I just slept through the Rapture...did I wake up in Hell?
time to go grocery shopping.
i've been out of town and john has subsisted on spaghetti and meatballs for one week and little else.
want to sell me some Magic tix Sunday?
I want to take my kid.
Just spent a solid 15 minutes reading weliveinaworldwhere I'll second your feelings of surprise.
Watching little house on the prairie, it's been a while.
thanks!
glad you enjoyed it and we appreciate you letting us know.
I mastered a perfect round off.
Bring1DtoMaine wildcard I'm not gonna stop.
How did you book your first wedding shoot?
Friends?
Referral?
Exclamation points all the time!
AGREED.
Everyone's going to Boston!
Once you move there of course ;
thanks for posting about the project!
Love to you all!!!
Give up yourself and you will find your real self.
Lose your life and you will save it.
Gettin ready for bed:
cool  congrats!
Speak Portuguese.
Plans have changed.
Lets hang?
Great troll!
8/10 would rage again.
Constance: I questioned my sanity when I first found out.
But this house, this house will make you a believer.
Allergies still acting up.
Wasn't this rain supposed to help pollen count?
Today's coffeeshop sells used books.
A particularly intriguing title: Daddy by loup durand
No problem.
It's available from State Archives homepage should you ever need it again.
let's do this.
Mike!
Lisa a hasbeen?
Have you ever seen her act?
She busts everyones balls, and is one of the top comics in America!
I never had a brofur
simply grand music memphis.
Still on the road.
Heading to HD Museum In WI
spriteslam is going in
you dont wear nylons in a boat so you don't wear nylons with boat shoes
Ignorance is the deadliest contagion  it rolls thru society like a WICKED plague.
The difference between death and taxes is death doesnt get worse every time Congress meets.
OrbisCascade Digital Services Team will create  conduct a Digital Preservation Education initiative
Your existence gives me a headache.
Please, go stand over there.
thanks!
We hope you find it useful!
Yea Casillas!!!!
good save!!!
How am I just waking up?
The music in Mad Men has been consistently fine, but this season's has by necessity been stellar.
1966 was an annus mirabilis for music.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F OVERCAST
Oh no!
My mama called from the PI and I just missed it.
No.
Seven months just thrown away like a piece of trash
In fact, if it's too original and different, audiences will be confused and avoid your film.
just woke up not long ago too.
haha
Remember, if you have questions, our interactive RAs are here!
Email us at
I don't know what you are talking about but This is how we do it by Montell Jordan is classic bad shiza.
// Congrats on expanding your line!
Q2: I wish I knew what it would be like .
Anxiety over the unknown kept me from going on my own for a long time.
Now listen all y'all  Rock n Roll HOF induction ceremony premiere tonite  8 p.m.
central  on
Got death trapped into shopping with my girlfriend and my mom 
cream cheese And a bagel
have fun not being here
Follow feelgoodmusic Stand up Brother!!!!!
I want you Mikey3
Woo!
Off of work!
I love
: Who won Bedlam wrestling?
The same team that's won EVERY other Bedlam competition this year, okstate, by a 2513 score.
I'm familiar with the argument, but by its logic we should all go back to woodfired stoves, right?
Happy Birthday John thank you for being an incredible blessing to me and so many others I am ever so grateful to have met you!!!
word if you do bring some shirts!
I should have some next week or so waiting on the blanks to come in....
congrats!
Can't wait until it comes out!
OH from as she doctorws Something for me: 'This will be my masterpiece.'
what's the best song to kick off this rainy day austin?
Check in the carin the way back, under the seat, or doctorver's side door pocket.
:
Doctor: Here, hold this chicken foot.
Flying back to Cali :
Our next feature is from out for the post on Sunday!
Would YOU be interested in an interview?
Email us!
Everything's a go.....
Come to Tap and Go today at 330pm to doctornk cold beer and watch the Cincinnati Bengals take on the Houston Texans!
We'll be open at 3:30pm ..
Homemade Kit Kat Bars If you're a fan of the crunchy chocolate Kit Kat candy bars, you will adore these homemade kit kat bars .
They atte
Office space hoes
woof woof;
Back at you !
Happy FF.
Have your Mother's Day flowers sent?
There's still time.
when did i ever say i didn't like Colin?
Saying That Ypir TeamIphone On Instagram Knowing U Got A Andoctorid
Celebrating 's wedding with fabulous people and amazing food.
I love Chicago.
Sleeping in simple because there's no school
darn water mark.
This is the 1st week that I'm not allocated to a project.
Wow Im happy but ah I gotta eat so it's time to pull the network card...
Must find energy to make it to the gym......
Lounging just feels soo good right now!
The more humans I meet, the more I like my dog
Haha no kidding!
:
Its funny how things change so fast.
I'm about to be done with people at sycamore.
I don't know what to make of these Mets, but man are they fun to watch.
Yes, but ...
CHICAGO!
Have fun!
Q.
How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex?
A.
Call her and tell her.
why hello!!!
When will we finally meet?
Our first introduction shall be glorious!
Three whole years of the utmost anticipation...
i people of twitter don't be afraid to follow me, i follow back.
Pinterest is to girls what Reddit is to guys.
I don't even care that you stole my rabbies!
Finished grading papers.
I have lost hope in our future.
Maybe next week they will redeem themselves.
Doing a lttle hiking in Rocky Mountain Park today.
See if people are still snowshoeing on Bear Lake like 2 months go.
ConfessionHour I've had foreclosure hit close to home...
so I know the pain..
Call us and we can help you today!
congrats on a great year and great job at nationals
RT : The wait is almost over for NEW Instinct RED MEAT grainfree kibble!
The prickers on air right now!
I'm gonna treat my next boyfriend like a Prince.
3
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Must say the humidity now is no worse than it was at 4am when I was outside because the fire alarm went off.
Right.
oh my heavens!
Keep him
haha.
I know that feeling.
But I'm tired.
You should tweet ME tomorrow.; Ahaha.
Good Night Kyle.:
hey  why not geek out a little bit today?
can tell you affirmation from parents is vital as well as from
PEOPLE DO NOT DM ABOUT TREY BECAUSE HE WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST LITTERALY SOO YEA......
Just be happy that you got to spend time with the biggest and coolest 15 year olds that you know!
PeopleIWantToMeet anyone who wants to meet me :
is thinking she might spend this rainy day at the movies.

musical/lyrical genius!
Im in total shock and awe at this lady's hair here in Walmart...
Going in for a pic lol
I'm always clear...
be the change you wish to see
Can this kid take a hint ?!
I always end up behind the slowest people !
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012!
Post on their wall to request SMARTS
it appears to me that a flaming brown bag full of poop and a pair of boxing gloves outside of 'his' office, seems appropriate right now.
secret love, my escape, take me far far away
tweetdeck got to annoying for me, switched to seesmic in Jan haven't thought twice....
I really don't appreciate my mom, besides giving me birth...
she's done nothing.
Happy Mothers day GRANDMA, u mean the world to me 3
and I made lunches for Laura and I.
man u really don't give a fuck huh?
Huh, I haven't eaten anything all day.
I should probably get around to that.
yet, there is probably free WiFi at the 99/night hotel.
freakonomics?
reading joelcomm Twitter Power 2.0.
so far really good.
I've new tweet peeps:
Gotta be the most embarrassing thing in the world
i'm sleepy, but i'm not sleepy.
.
it has always been that way Jo.
You must be happy.
i love white and gold.
So hot.
Slide
thanks for all the love  support!

Always do your best.
What you plant now you will harvest later.
whenever the job is done been here since 7am
No problem man , Your band is really good!
teamfollowback indy film ..victim to a mysterious sickness and more.
Follow my account for details!
This is my first feature film.
They're, their, and there are not equals!
Treat them with respect!
oh man the funniest new season ever check out
we didn't have our game today but yesterday was brutal.
not much just got home from the dentist and my mouth is all numb :P lol what u up to??
What up homie!
Roll wit it
not sure 40m is an accurate number.
I believe it's more 22.5m.
Not a small number but we should keep the numbers in check.
That is so awesome Kristin, thanks for sharing!
AWESOME.
RT : In an effort to recover from my poboy lunch, I'm going to go shift books.
Don't try  stop me
Get more CIO's on twitter?
I would have better luck getting that 5th dentist to cave and recommend sugarless gum for patients.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great doctornks.
What are YOU doing?
Good luck to whomever wins the MegaMillions jackpot tonight.
Excited to see what kind of nonforprofessort venture you start first.
Sometimes marriage is hard but love certainly makes it easier.
;
Our Hem  Haw DIY arts  crafts event starts at 6:00 tonight at LeedyVoulkos.
Who's coming to learn some handicraft tips from pros?
i am so exited for you to be hosting this year EMA i can't wait!
ah so fucking exited!
:
Yay fun!
Having a great time.
:
We Are Rocking With Selena ,My beautiful girlidol
Can you see Russia?
: I do love Alaska:
Are you following KYLegislation this year?
Call 18003727181 to voice support for HB200, sponsored by Rep.
Susan Westrom.
Just returned from OccupyNashville meetuparound 150200 people there.
Very Excited.
no you cannot....unless its the remix!?!
;
I'm only gonna do this once ...
Titty Saddles
Tipping my cap!
RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again.
Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Follow me i wi follow u....
follow bac bra
Early bird gets the worm.
What's everyone got planned today?
Donning a flashy hat  sipping on minty bourbon while feigning interest in which horsey is faster?
Southerners do it RIGHT.
Where do I make that change?
im excited babe!
anything up this weekend?
wyd in DC
Need a last minute MothersDay gift?
How about a traditional storyteller?
Wish my classroom allowed for all that cool stuff!!
I choose not to open to people anymore just cause i dont wanna seem weak.
7 a.m.
tennis  North Shore Elite went well today.
Good start to the weekend.
Thanks, contacts would be great.
I called a few places but they want non perishable items.
it's for the sport of it and the reward is some good eats!
we get down WHERE EVER..mite look lite but we HEAVY doe!!!
Ready for my Celtics
There's a storm rolling through the city now.
Wonder if it's causing the issue?
The look of Washington St in Irvington will change over the next few months.Get your first chance to see!
Join 51 at Irv Library
I'm on an Instagram photo liking rampage.
Thats whats up :D Super excited 3 you guys!!!
Good Afternoon!
: :
So excited  happy to announce international shipping is now flat rate  9!
Canadian shipping is now flat rate  just 4!
Moms love candles!
How about buying Mom a candle for Mother's Day?
I know she'll love it!
Cody this year is your year!!!
paradise so happy im gonna be there all the way to the top with you.
Why can't packing ever be stress free
Going to vanish into library for a while.
'Bye, twitterverse.
I said no for a reason...
Not cuz I'm a total bitch...
When did lighting cars on fire become a way 2 celebrate victory
I'm so heated this morning, its ridiculous.
the federal government should not be able to tell employers to provide contraception.
Is your pool green?
Have us clean it up for pool season!
www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Nope.
Nothing worth remembering.
Sometimes I love Rodney Atkins, and then sometimes I'm not a 35 year old Dad and I don't get him at all.
Today in Literary History: On April 16, 1968 Edna Ferber died in NYC.
Down goes Bachmann!
Down goes Bachmann!
lol See ya wacko!
TEAM.....NOT FENA CUFF HA ASS...JUS SMASH  PASS HA ASS!....SHERATCHET!
Now: Watching The Outlaw Josey Wales, starring Clint Eastwood.
Released the year I was born.
Lying, again.
RT : I'm shaped like the slinky dog from toy story.
but that's alright.
still fine.
:3
Me: cuz guys dont find me attractive Julia: i know..
Hey Bro Tony Romo loves coming to Washington DC for the White House Correspondents Dinner
Haha, same here.
My favorite animal is steak.
Fran Lebowitz
im chillin for now
Call me, maybe?
Moves Like Jagger.
I hate being left in the dark...
this line was generated for me by hipsteripsum.me.
Lofi cupidatat vegan, eiusmod glutenfree ethnic bespoke.
looking forward to seeing you!!
Hope you enjoy Working
AT LEAST.
hilarious you are totally in the room on turntable too!
i love this thing!
The moment my 9 year old sister tells me she wants 19 kids..
thanks for the RT!
I want to watch animal cops but it's not on 
that's a great story!
yeah right
aye free my nigga danny b !
If your weren't an actual fan of Whitney then you are musically illiterate.
It's easy to peep a nigga dats plottin on you.
When I get this tool tomorrow, I might kill a nigga by friday
Cheers to everyone who braved the weather yesterday and came out to the bonfire.
We got a little wet but still had a great time!
incorrect, 42 is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the Universe and Everything, not the meaning of life :
Really?
; That's funny!
I am from Memphis and we think Texas is way out West.
what does a tornado sound like?
cuz whatever I'm hearing right now is WAY too loud to be airplanes!!!
I love it!
Great day to get some signatures!
The thought of a bright actress embracing her passion, such as yourself, makes me smile.
Hi Phil, emailed my headshot/resume last weekend.
Do I still have a shot for a meeting?
I srsly care to much sometimes.
We need a skills test to buy pow boards.
Entry barrier to Backcountry is too low.
History shows, lack of ability  skinny skis  no BC.
My first Groupon purchase...how exciting!
I promised Kim I wouldn't make her sit for extras.
I'm at home STILL watching in the 13th!
I need to eat dinner and things so I was thinking around 8 if that's okay.
Hey I hope never comes I like you just the way you are!
Awkward preppy dads dancing to Nelly and Keha at Tombs.
The lawyer that filed the lawsuit citing BountyGate filed another concussion lawsuit today v.
NFL.
Lawsuit number 76!
Happy Mother's Day!
Be sure to use up bulk items purchased before it gets bad  it isnt cheaper if otherwise.
Just iPhone 4 and the Hipstamatic app!
:D
You're work is dope.
Mark Lowe is trying 2 give me a heart attack.
Help me Tom Cruise.
Help me Oprah Winfrey.
throw your back and let your arms follow, and shake back and forth.
tooeasy.
Easier than the wheelchair!
Just released some new products from Aveda and Paul Mitchel
you'll always be my 1 tho baby ; and as far as Sunday..
I'll take one loss, I'm okay with that!
So tired, I look like I've just emerged from the dead
dude, still impressed!
this just means you have to do another one!
for team of course...
;
Join us for Maui Dance Day on Friday and Saturday, November 4 and 5.
We'll have tap, jazz, zumba and so much more!
If you want to make your special person happy...give them a piano.
Free Christmas Eve delivery...Free group lessons with purchase
an RT : Im a uptown solider, known high rolla
that 70's show?;D
Z on bus?
Seriously, TAMU?
Concealed carry on campus?

The voices of some of the greatest minds in history have been women who were sadly buried in history's pages.
your pretty or your beautiful.
Which one would you prefer?
when I saw your pretty face or when I saw your beautiful face which one?
The officials dictated the momentum of the game with calls  non calls.
Celtics got scammed.
Heat cheat.
checkout hot new muzik from new RB artist Legynd with smashing hit Conceidit ft.Solo
Wine wine wine Wednesday!
Also, the new Chef's Chocolate is a brownie Eatery style!
You want to talk about a foodgasm...get outta here!
I've never watched it, but doesn't UFC get pretty nasty!?
:
Just spent way too long watching Gregorian Masters of Chant videos
shouts right back at ya loll
done!
Thanks!
The Best Casual Make Up Tricks!
You charm will impress everyone
The gig is up, visitors.
Not only do we have lovely convention and sporting venues in Indy, but occasional tornados too!
ImHappyWhen im eating lol i secretly have a fat girl inside me
i just laughed so hard.
Arent you tallish Steve?.
okay.
totally normal.
RT : Tall people tryna sell me lotion....
gtfo
just bought boyfriend on iTunes : anything to support !!
bieberfever 3 !!
no I did not dm you...account was hacked yesterday

we play softball ;P
Man I'm so excited for today's game, about to head to staples soon, haven't been this excited for a game in 6 years.
RT : This Friday, show your support for and GoRed for National Wear Red Day
The various options that are available for health insurance can be very confusingtake advantage of using a health broker....
My stomach yelling at me 
My pleasure.
Thank you!
You say your ugly, when your clearly not.
Seinfeld No soup for you!
superbowlcommercials!
BANDS NEEDED!
Late April Shows
Porche, the girl thats part of her team?
yah id vote for my team member too
Sorry for the multiple posts still learning the TweetDeck can my social media followers point me to an article?
I can totally understand.
It is absolutely NOT our policy to not recognize our guests comments.
May I ask how you contacted us?
So, is Santorum going to be the GOP's Howard Dean OR John Edwards?
If he's smart, he'll opt for the former.
Being home means your own shower, good food, bigger bed, and no school.
Yuhhh
Wow, never crossed my mind.
He's in the UFL, but is he available?
Not a bad idea if Grant will be down 4 weeks
call Merlin.
He'll work with you!
Yep amazing episode for sure.
Puck and beast singing mean by taylorswift probably the best thing ever what a great spng choice.
Dirty Old Men Disgust Me!!
Ill!!
Yea I'm I'm talking about dude, keep messing what mines
That's what I was thinking when I first read it, but it was published on April 2nd.
I'm interested to know its validity too!
No school for me tomorrow!
you look like a flight attendant
thanks Tyler .
you too 3 follow me?;
Rovner: People always think that in order to see sth better you have to get close to it.
But I feel you have totake a distance from it.
So proud that Stacy kiebler was once a raven!
And proud she is from here!
:
Today is about to be a good day!:
Hey hey!
How has your Wednesday been so far?
boobs dude.
wtf
Chillin in this Light Room :
What will you get mom for Mother's Day?
Check these out!
Our school has been on a Hunger Games binge, it's literally all I hear about.
Hunger Games themed food doctorve, trivia contests...
Lopez: Left ICU May 6, but still not moving or talking, blank stare.
She wasn't Ava at all.
She was like the shell of a little girl.
Fml with these lines!
lmfao that pic is classic.
I know you and I were the happiest guys in Miami last night.
LeBron never let's me down.
Lol
Thank you god for blessing me with a job that allows me to eat a delicious brunch while there are starving childoctorn all around the world.
You were in my school paper:
Sometimes I find myself unable to differentiate between irony and sarcasm.
At those times, I default to using both.
Just watched 21 Jump Street with my Lady.
Good ass movie.
ChanningTatum is hot.
Lol.
One of my greatest trials was my battle with malaria.
I had to go across the street when the hotel bar ran out of tonic water
in that case agreed.
When you dont know how to spell something so you just abbreviate
Happy Mother's Day!
yes you are
The cake that could have been...
Something tells me a lawsuit is coming out of that somehow 
Oktoberfest in September tonight in Addison, TX.
Grapefest in Grapevine, TX tomorrow, along with college football  a UFC fight!
RT : Internship: Summer Intern Sales: NYNew York, Job description Platform Computing is a new acquisition to IBM.......
Nice meeting you too.
You and your bulldog be safe in Irene.
can stawp being so adorable?
i almost hate lookin at your instagram pics
should host next year
Shadows on Smith St.
last night in Brooklyn, Miss that strip...
u can call me to ;
This is the Day the Lord has Made........
highly recommend visiting the botanical gardens  surgery museum; also great art museum...
...
doing these really great versions of some of my songs....
Roseanna is a great artist.
Randy Newman orig.too many/lette
RT James Cameron now the deepest solo diver in history, 3rd deepest ocean diver ever...25550 ft.
All this materialif you practice itwill help you in your situation
me too when finished it off with that 83 yard run omg the place cleared out.
M ...
pizza on the grill tonight.
Italian chicken, fresh moz, artichoke  roasted red pepper.
Can't wait!
Grinding today cant end soon enough.
Watching White Christmas for the first time this season with my family 3
If you can do better...I can do better, too....but I don't need better...
RT if u think its obvious that is gonna win a VMA!!
Taking off for the weekend, New York you will be missed....
lol at the prize for winning this puzzleposter for 's movie....
what dick ?
the Easter full moon is out tonight : AmazingBeautiful : moonshadows!
of course : have a good one
// wow!
Thanks for listening.
Yeah singing isn't my strength.
Lol, Did track on fantom and motiff.
You're an
HEY YOU!
how are you?!
i never hear from you anymore...
FutureSex/LoveSounds is still a great album.
almost impossible to choose...but seeing Citizen Kane on the big screen is a once in a lifetime opportunity
Summer is kind of like the ultimate onenight stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it.
Just saw American Reunion.
So good!
Thanks a lot!
You think your beautiful but your not.
you think you can sing but cant.
your going to eat kfc and burger king on boxes!
your job  fun
yay!
this is so cool!
ur right !!!
They need to stop f ing around and play HEAT Ball!!!
Travel agents don't miss out....10 commission on all rentals booked with us!
Thank you Adair's and everyone that came out!
It was awesome.
See you all next time!
im coming next Tuesday !
moverslongisland available at your service tomorrow at 2pm.
Get your quote now by emailing us at
Just saw someone catch the bus at turlington and get off across the street from rawlings.
Wow.
Epitome of laziness.
slowroasting tomatoes.
ready to get outside to play some tennis in a little while...
: Less talking , more head.
Now don't stop
: the net in left is up cause a T Chef  that sounds kinda dirty...
everyone looks foward to u instead of me
Where do your fans like to interact with you  email, Facebook, Twitter, blogs?
Make sure you know their favorites  capitalize there!
So, all youz guyz should go to my facebook page,Family Fish Farm.
and see how the triple bottom line really works in three dimensions.
The three keys to high achievement: Clarity, Clarity, Clarity!
where's heaven, these days?
Bad shot caron
I can count my friends off my hands  my feet
Cloudy days should be for getting work done, but rain makes me sleepy...
any good suggestions for a good caffeine buzz that's not too harsh?
with pleasure.
thanks Amy!
I will miss our chats  the Talkin' table too!
Keep in touch!
Will miss you  C'Ville.
Not only are a ripoff but they're also a great way to spread messages of hate about minorities and homosexuals.
RT and
How do you feel about impact of TFFDisrupt recognition on your mission, vision  goals?
you wouldn't know of a hack for the old tweetdeck so i send articles to pocket/instapaper?
then it hit me, this nigga looked like Tom cruise, like mission impossible 2, jerry maguire Tom cruise 
I don't know if I can make it then, I have my Twilight book club
you're so cool pilotseason  just kidding thanks for the hi.
Hope the weathers nice in LA..rain here
What the heck is a Black Magic Cupcake ?
Arent you dying to find out ?
doctorp by Chocolee and ask us for one.
Itll cast a spell over you.
I wish my eyes could take pictures
You are such a beautiful singer : looks like Nathan copied you ;b
Lol NoOnProp29 CA spot has a fake doctor saying it creates a wild Tax Pol.
Group.
Fine print?
Major Funding from  Tobacco Company x
Whatever!
lol not a car.
but.
Idk things you can consume or wear.
or whatever will make me your favorite fan :P
k thanks
Each Monday, I create a popup office in the student/faculty lounge in the department one floor above mine.
June 4th at the White Rabbit Venue, San Antonio, TX!!!
Lets make this a good one!!!
On the plane to dallas.
Texas longhorns here i come!!!
: can't wait to see u at work tomisterow ..when do u work till2
You guys are amazing.
Seriously, thank you so much!
We're all giddy about them.
:
Lets get this party started
Mt everst was great
Going to visit :
In atl shawty.
Kansas city here I come.
Sitting in school....
Almost time to leave then I'm off to my own house.
Have alot of Math.
Can someone help me?
:O RT : Watching West Side Story with the fam
what should i do...?
hm
Miike Snow was amazing, again, last night.
A blizzard of lights and music.
Your lookin so good in whats left of them blue jeans;
Love it.
Didn't know you ended up deciding to stay!
Sports Law Gunner : Enjoy!
Really impressed with the number of donations was able to help nonprofessorts raise.
Thank you fellow Fellows.
Game7 Laker After Party  Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach.
Hip Hop/Top 40/Reggae Music.
710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Goin to bed...Gm Twitter fam
how'd you get in there?
I work for them and haven't been!
:
Jack White wrote his ass off on Blunderbuss.
Studious songsmiths, he's given us homework.
But on the other hand, I'm forever upset because we didn't have our daily chat today..
Ugh I've been awake since 4am.
And I went to bed at 2.
Sucks.
your work deserves compensation writing is your job like librarian is mine...
Ppl Need to realize u created the work u own it
Texas bars offer togo cups
Oh how I miss !
I hope you treated
How guess it look ???
Are all the serc tweeters in the UF soc media strategy session?
I like focus on effectiveness
I was just telling this to someone last night...so true smh
Might not be a new video tomorrow.
Gonna put in a little extra time into our surprise for you guys ; who excited??
Naps is never going to come out.
Go on Netflix and type in Christmas Classics: Vol 1 makes me feel like a lil thing!
watching baby cartoon reindeer, sipping my cocoa ;
thanks for the follow.
I bought a TRX a few years ago after reading an article about it.
can't complain my man.
Still living up north?
I approve this message: : Future frequent VIP gamechanger at Plan C, onTheList
a little top early.
I loved the opening sketch and the amazon commercial.
The NFL thing was alright
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
oh my goodness gracious sakes alive!!!!!!
what on earth?!!!!!
hope you get better soon!!!
900th tweet!!
Goes to because she gets all of my important tweets and because her birthday is tomorrow!!!
she don't know if you like/hate jogging.
All she sees is some dude chasing her.
Call of duty baby!
Online is sick
how do I book karmin for an event?
It's costing 50 to fill up my Toyota just like it use to cost to fill up my Surburban, when is the economy going to get better?
My love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire...
Didn't you know this?
After waiting on hold 5 mins., your phone sys.
just disconnects people?!
hey!
we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives.
RDB is one of our bands!
check us out?
:
Without money, we'd all be rich
Wife downloaded the Ipad app.
She now gets her People and now I have to go buy a new Ipad for myself.
Rove should be tried in the Hague for int'l war crimes w/ the rest of the Bush Admin
save me some lol.
Up about to discuss business...
Gonna lose some sleep to gain a doctoram
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car
ok!!
What?
Team adam coming up next.
That awkward moment when you try to sing a duet by yourself
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
good morning Lynn!
: wooooi..
wait till the next gig..LoLoL
Save The Pencil.....AW  lol
you got it, Don.
You are tweeting.
Samsung galaxy s2 proves to be the best phone in the range of tablet phone series.
IT IS NOT THAT HE IS UNABLE TO CONVINCE, BUT THAT HE HAS GRANTED FREE WILL.
WE MUST WALK BY FAITH NOT BY SIGHT
so where r u from
FOLLOW ME JEEZUS
It looks stormy in Indy.
Looks like a great night to start up the fire and sip some awardwinning wine.
The University of Rochester Medical Center Board of Trustees has reappointed CEO Bradford Beak to a second 5year term.
Breaking News report person shot in Long Beach CA Federal Building
I'm in awe of your backyward  looks like a football field to this New Yorker!
that's great:
Glorious 4day weekend, I welcome you with open arms!!
everyone follow , my best bud!
Give her a tweet gang!;D
If I were at Sundance, findingnorth would definitely be on my list to see!
Today, I will be back at work after doctorving from Memphis Tennessee to New York picking up a car after mines got stolen in the Bronx
'Poison is in everything, no thing is without.
The dosage makes it either a poison or a remedy' Paracelsus
when my mom buys good cereal 
Ahah he's so cute.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into trayvon Martin shooting
thanks!
Cheers
night?
Fasting affecting your sense of time?
Hungry as Ever!
Time to feed the machine.
It's lovely to meet you, too.
Thanks very much!
Because it's going to post them?
Or post to your account when you do something there?
Social site linkage ftw!
Or not.
Final from AMSOIL, the Badgers defeat Boston College by the score of 62 and advance on to the national championship game Sunday.
Gahh its finally here my girls quince!!
:D damnn and she invited like 55 if my friends :, its going down tonight :D
Happy hour from 57, then DJ OMG!
IT'S HIM.
See you tonight
If nobody cared what other people thought, we wouldn't have Twitter.
On my break now
any close friend of the mate is a close friend of mine.
Always a place to stay for genuine people
I thought that one day he'll come back and beg for forgiveness and finally start to be a dad.
A real dad...but it never happened.
24 hr fitness is such a good investment on my body.
I get to go whenever I want :
clips are looking great!
This might not be as easy as they thought
Wife, you deserve the label.
thanks a ton!
i'm sure you remember the apprehension to take it  the excitement about getting it behind you.
Hambone!
Mark and adam too
great resource!
Thanks for pointing it out.
I don't really have anything to do until it's time to start doctornking again...
Thanks for the heads up.
We'll let management know.
Come have a doctornk tonight...bottle perhaps?
:
I agree!
I saw it at a pro shop and couldn't believe my eyes.
Tell a girl she's pretty and she wouln't believe you.
Tell a girl she's ugly and she will never forget it.
um, PART of ur boo crew...c how twitter get you smacked??
Before that, in elementary school, I was a gymnast.
I could vault and do uneven bars with the best of them.
Floor was solid.
Minus splits.
I LOVE YOU
good just been working on our next project but hbu?
Enter to win a free office!
Just like us on facebook!
Sen.
Bob Bacon withdoctorws amendment proposing Lobato cost study from school funding bill.
Ah, but victory would have tasted so much sweeter!
i know right!
I'm so jealous!
And he dm'd my friend saying there Good friends..Like yeahh okayy!
thank you for the link but I've already signed the petition.
schooling myself on Redd Kross in prep for blackout saturday.
i hope they do phaseshifter stuff..and not third eye stuff
Twitter is going to be the death of some people
Hey graphic designers, what are some free vector apps out there similar in features to Adobe Illustrator?
Remember when Neil Simon came to see LOSTINYONKERS at the Beckett Theatre?
LMAO : I'm a crazy btch when I'm on my period.
The dark cloud that descended when the news of 27 layoffs was announced will take some time to lift
I hear ya!
Me too APO : this shit is a lot more work than i could of ever imagined
Social Networking is Jazz.
Via
RT if you like NICE TITS
I got mad trix!!!
Lmfao ; up my sleeve isn't where ya think ; Tick tick BOOM!!!!!!
RT : The next time someone tries to scapegoat poor black kids for school failure tell them to stop by YW afterschool progr ...
aha, thanks 
OMG, did you just use an exclamation point?
awesome, I'll have to check it out with soon :
your website is very fun.
Zinn collaboration...yes please.
Andy, Malica, yes please.
hey you how are you doing?
BREAKING NEWS!
SAT APRIL 28TH!
THE RETURN OF daydoctoram DAY PARTY AT DIRTY MARTINI/DIRTY BAR SPREAD THE WORD!
Setting up with some new bands!
If your interested in working with us please check us out at www.DebbieDowerEnt.com
Our next builtheritage chat is Wednesday.
We'll be talking about jobs in preservation at 4:00 EDT.
Hope you can join us!
It's no April Fools prank: Our spring issue will be out soon!
Order your subscription today.
or both?
I sound like a moron when I listen back.
Can't do it.
Note: at the Tampa location: RT : JULY 130, SPECIAL  20 Off Any Pair of ZCOiL Shoes
New Orleans.
I love.
this city.
Seems more frequent if I select the end of the text.
THM RT : Life in perspective so blessed
Working in the studio today!
Hell ya!
Thanks for the recent follows!
lol what the heck why?
Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotismMichel Foucault
i love
ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza above the pizza
In nearby Mesa you will find Mesa Community College, which is part of Maricopas community college system
The key is to be motivated to not eat food that is nutrientpoor, whether grains, beans or processed garbage full of chemicals
ok thank you
Whoa on the Will Rhymes
RT : I found home.
You're my home.
Stay with me.
Belle
are you from Houston?
My lady lives in Houston but she is actually born  raised in Western PA.
She attended grad school at TSU
Just awesome!
Exuberant crowd and lots of hugging after oath.
Cheers and don't come back!
as Bush flew off.
Lots of celebrating :
Hire character.
Train skill.
Peter Schutz
King Arthur Rowell of dauphin northlands.
Son of lord Arthur Rowell lord of penbrook former lord of southwestern Philadelphi ...
Kudos to the Seattle Regional VA office for prompt, friendly, helpful service in securing a compensation awards letter
I was hoping it was a younger group so we could possibly scrimmage each other.
doctorp it low remix by ester dean I loooveee
We have a slightly new HappyHour  1/2 off Tap Beers, 2 Rails  a Complimentary Snack Buffet!
Oh.
Well then.
Could you say you Don't Give Hoot?
ewww ; chicken with sOme waffles
Can you believe 17 yr old Shree from FortWorth TX won the global science fair!
Thanks for your contribution to ovarian cancer studies!
girl i see ya gettin ya entreprenuer on
I'm happy for her 
I do t think it came out.
I just checked Vevo and tho only thing was a live performance of more than this
Don't underestimate Wittek and Kessler.
Browne will not start as a true freshman over either one.
That guy that nobody was gonna vote for is no longer asking for our votes.
Plz rt Reschedule 4 r class with agent Peter sanfolippo.
Peter is sick so there will be no online class tonight.
Reschedule soon
Today in Blues History: Eric Clapton's Blues Power peaked at 76 on Nov 22, 1980
When u hungry u just eat, but when u GREEDY you eat to much, the grind is a constant...u never get full, so u stay greedy...
Why ?
Don't you like going to work?
Cool the Earth welcomes Malcolm Mackay elementary in Tenafly, New Jersey to our program!
LOVING IT!
Had to put it down so i could get some sleep to keep up w LM RT : thank you!
LOVE that book.
Oh, God...
Follow the little sis, she's hilarious.
Welcome to Twitter!
Been needing em worked on for 2 Weeks now
Malanga for dinner.
veganmay thanks Ecuador!
My favorite rapper....
SWAGG.
I am unabashed fan of the new album from soon as you can check it out.
Be Like Um BITCH  Walk Off.
YOHANA!!
i have an important question!
Fuk what other people think!
Follow your doctorams!
can you email me tomorrow.
.
Need to get a meeting as we move forward w/
They're chanting OKC because they
Sippin' on some wine in
There are worse things in the world!
It's way to early.
GOD HAS SUMTHN INSTORED FOR ME.
I CAN FEEL IT.
SUCCESS IS ON ITS WAY
already up.
fees like crap, barfed yesterday like twice
Things that make you go hm: Why do we want the one thing we can't have, the minute we're told we can't have it?
...
Following n
talk to me on the space below chat me!!!!
Firehook Bakery bakes its bread in a beautiful circular woodburning brick oven!
Nuggets all night long.
I meant Kobe.
Whatever, jerk.
yes it was.
Totally not the champagne of beer

Cotto made 40 mill off this fight ain't nothin wrong with a loss lol 
thanks i love you.
Client meet at lunch today to discuss food shoot.
Easier to do when you enjoy the product.
seriously that doesn't make any sense.
No ends, no slaughterhouse tickets.
atplc Use common assessments to: figure out what to adjust in teaching.
Ask how can I learn from my colleagues on where they excelled.
this is so true
All Mahomies are equal.
It honestly doesn't matter when you became a Mahomie.
If you were here from ShootUsDown or not.
WE'RE ALL EQUAL.
What I say is, if a man really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow!
A.A.
Milne.
Meatloaf/potatoes as special 2day!
talks about leveraging technology, and mentions the 94 conviction rate  lowest rate it has been for San Diego
I just read the police blotter and was taken aback.
People still steal car stereos?!
DAMN RIGHT.
Takeaway from Premier100conf skills gap lunch: managers want .Net, Java, mobile app dev but most of all interpersonal skills.
Tomorrow morning at 8:46am ET on AE there's a 9/11 special it'll broadcast everywhere at that time.
Figure out when it is for your timezone
Thank you Maurice Sendak.
Let the wild rumpus start!
RT : Master should be in specialized field of PR practice, i.e.
medical, business, gov, etc.
Sweet.
Dibs on the badass rainbow platforms!
I have a very similar RP staff.
Awful.
No he's not.
I dumped him in a 12team a week ago.
Can only go up from there!
Im following bro.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Step It Up Moms!!!
:.
Wishing you a beautiful day!
Are you a student?
25 makes you a member!
You get into the museum for an entire year along with other awesome benefits!
Govt shutdown looming.
Don't stop now, Congress: you might reach singledigit approval ratings soon!
Blossom Dearie singing A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square.
i have entered the contest to meet and about 50 times now and i am not gunna give up i love u!
My pleasure!
Thx to Bob Stane of Coffee Gallery Backstage: They are so much fun they should be illegal in Utah.
:D lospochos.com
its like really hard for me to type
Gotta love a juicy blue note in the middle of a Renaissance Kyrie.
Thanks to SOC 201 for sharing their Health Disparities Digital Stories Presentations with us.
Love the music!
Only casualty of last night's storm is the Hydoctorngea tree.
It was going 2 get a makeover anyway, this just speeds up the process a bit.
omg congrats thats awesome!!!!
:D
I keep thinking there's something I have to do like study or something...
it's nice to know there's not :
Josh Freeman is a better young quarterback than Tim Tebow....Did I already miss the Bucs playoff game?
How did they do?
The Dateline: A Single to Relationship Timeline
Spa ME saying....
Happy Labor Day!
Congrats to Barbara Bradley!
She's our winner of the MIB 3 movie passes for May 21 at the Galaxy 14
Welcome to PANYC!
Happy to have you join us :
check your Dms
this summer is all about me and gettin back on my shit
Congrats to for being announced WomanOfTheYear!!
:
90 bus going to be over 20 min late per next bus.
Why have a time scheduled on trip planner?
Fucking idiots!
All of you!
So many great take aways from TAOM today.
For ex: Small talk serves the purpose of quieting the reptilian brain
So thrilled..
300 followers..
feel the need to say something smart.
Have to think about that and get back to you :
We want to say thanks to all the men and women serving our country, so this week we're giving them 15 off!
ooh la la!
like what???
See Allegro on July 23  24 come to the Wheeling WV area for the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival !
What is your favorite piece of a musical score from a movie?
high mazheep!
:D
Time to set up for another sound check..Contact us for your April and May events!!
Party Amante, El Pasos premier sound!
FUCK didn't know today is the season finale of Spartacus...
awesome!
Gotta clear my schedule!
Yeah but if I lose I'm out.
I can read..
I told you already that I will change it.
I CAN'T AT THE MOMENT..
Nevermind what I was gonna say.
Bye.
Ah yes, we love that fabulous dessert created by !
My fav was the peanut butter cookies w/ sorbet!
awesome...you should do it!
Dedication: PEdoctor ANTONIO MIRANDA, Para Pedoctor Antonio Miranda, we miss you.
Tu amiga, Ivon Perez
Anyone wanna help me get to 800 followers?
Shout me out and RT this.
:D
gdconline rossborden...this guy knows what he is talking about
Sorry.
It's the web service not recognizing that code.
Paste this into Spotify's search: spotify:track:5f6igUw1asUL4AGXSvgTW8
thanks man!
Ok so they don't give Duke calls????
Definitely beats my strawberry protein shake!
I think like 5/6th of my tweets have been tryin to get u to follow me  I have over 4,000 tweets so will u PLEASE follow me!3
i punched myself in the face trying to fix my boob/bra situation.
Is this considered a whitegirlproblem?
Good Morning, on my way to work!
salonflow thanking God in advance for productivity all day long.
All I wanna do is doctornk some tea, I've got a feeling I'm not the only one...
Seriously Cardinals!
This is a World Series!
I like it!
Lunch time with the Tampa and Utah youth delegates.
work and catchin up on classwork all week  WARPED THURSDAY!!!
WHERE THE AFTER PARTIES AT?!
Had a wonderful, amazing  lovely weekend thanks to my wonderful boyfriend, :
yeah....about that no we couldn't throw it the ocean maybe 2 threes it was a strug fest
Lotion?
Check.
Tissue?
Check....Picture of Tiger Woods?.......Check I'm ready for a good week.
heehee...is that basically all about how to avoid getting involved in other people's issues?
HMG hit 200 followers today!!!!
Thanks so much to all of you for your interest and support!
Shut yooo mouth
I don't imagine Parcells would want to take the Saints job, even only for a year.
If you spend more than 4k a month on PPC you should consider a recaptainre program.
It is the next logical choice for the budget spent on SEM.
best song ever!
you're welcome for introducing it to you!
Hey Bro!!
Hope you win it!!
hm.
jolly ranchers for breakfast?
OMG it's EXCLUSIVE now!!!
LOVE knows no boundaries!!!
I have NOT felt this amazing in HONESTLY FOREVER!!!
Our Government claims they Buried BinLaden at sea..
BullShit, They didn't bury him.
They Fed him to the
: Wooosah !
Some breathing techniques and I learned in lamaze might help you.
Lol
Every Little Thing That We Do , Should Be Between Me And You ;
Laying on the couch watching movies all day.
Tonight playing tennis!
my birthday is in 363 days!!
..
Yea, I can def.
relate.
Sometimes helps to find ways to get your mind off the cash flow, though, if you can find them.
Keep a gym bag packed with everything you need for the gym by the door or in your car.
Then just grab and go!
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
PSA: when wearing a sundoctorss  sitting in the sun on a plastic chair be sure your doctorss isn't stuck  showing your bottom when u stand up
Today I career advised an MLS student, a soontobe retiree, and a potential library director.
They were all so awesome!
TURF is the BEST
Thanks for the luck!
Sending some your way as well!
Have a great day
I don't remember most of my classes, but I learned Algebra well  everything else was too confusing
You know what looks amazing?
Your photo splashing the cover of our new anthology!
I think you'll be quite happy.
Do you happen to know of any projects on the history of agriculture that make use of digital tools?
Yess thank you!
I just need a pen just in case D:
They used to
I'm going to start calling you Jackson, the Enigmatic.
;
Udo Janz, UNHCR head in Sarajevo at the time, says is a household name for women in Bosnia.
yay!
bring some friends with!
:
After Colin made a squirting noise in his diaper, Jess says, I call 'not it' on whatever that was.
This is the one year anniversary of the Beatification of Blessed John Paul II
First down bitches
Just saw on CNN MittRomney kissing off African Americans.
Why, Mit?
ThirstyThursdayPartyBlock ask about them.
Happy Birthday  Congrats to Bakersfield's Derrick Byars on his callup today to the San Antonio Spurs!
Wish they had stayed, but probably a bigger loss in the locker room and on the air than on the field
amen!
Go vols
what's good
now that's what I'm talking about.
Let's teach the Hall a lesson.
Me too.
I root for the dentists' and plumbers' horses.
My recommended postwork winddown: Go to the Bookery Nook and buy a good novel.
Then head over to House Restaurant for a cocktail.
Bliss
Found a new app to update twitter, foursquare and Facebook
You were right,
Lee Hacksaw Hamilton former SDCharger playbyplay on the death of Jr.Seau at 6:15 on NWSports Tonight
if ur down for laying bricks today come pick me up, im at mcdonalds at howell mill using their wifi
Fried rice is my kryptonite
LMMFAO OK!!!!
Good night
Spent an hour on the way home today photographing random signs/storefronts in Niagra Falls.
Absolutely loved the history there.
4 am at the apple store.
New mbp crashed and won't turn on.
Flight into San Diego in a few hours.
Then we hop the border
Rise  Grind Tweepz!!
We gettin it in early today!!
Team
disco nap!
if they don't want to give you their info, rumor has I would have been winner 22..
;
just good to catch up with family talk about the good old days and party like its the first event I ever attended
I predicted that the Thunder would be spanking the Laker's ass but not this bad!
Haha :
Thank you for your patience, mister Assad.
I believe you're next.
Happy to hear it, Florence!
We think you're all that and a bag of chips...like really good chips.
Thanks!
You better come to the next one!
So there's pics of jayz  beyonce bby surfacing but I wonder if thts their actual daughter shrugs lil girl is cute tho
you coming to ny ?
in the morning...sneezy...just sneeze a sneeze before you leave...ooohoo.
Visiting Angels San Jose is a senior homecare agency which offers a range of services in elderly care
no problem, and of course!
bad ass
Lesbian Sex is 1OOO times better than straight sex HANDS DOWN !
Enjoy deals at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I found you.
Important meeting today!
Hoping, praying, but keeping in perspective : Blessings tweeters...
Dude comes into work today that looked a bit like young Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
3 SO cute.
playing now
Hanging out with the cutest baby ever
LOL...
I think there are a lot of closeted sim players.
Indeed!
Seconding the thanks.
Shoe shopping with my fiance ugh!
Of course my phone decides to freeze the minute my boyfriend's name to walk accross the stage!
I'm soo proud of you babe!!!!!!!!
Hey text me back please
You deserve it!
You are doing a great job!
:
But seriously, Its a pretty awesome gift.
Ally did great.
:
RT!
Excited to announce date of next CNNDialogues April 18th w/ speaking on Poverty in
follow back?:
was thinking of going to the Burgh tonight.
but no one will tell me whats going on.
Check out the March 2012 Vet Dek!
WWVC just released our ad for spring!
Also take a look at The Veterinary Practive Journal page 74!
Thanks
Breaking News: The GOP's desperation pick, Herman Cain plans to doctor clean his suits this week.
Listening to tyga in p.e.
He has Alzheimer's.
There were heartbreaking moments, while others were filled with pure joy.
There was a lot to take in.
Latest offender?
Passwords must be between 610 characters and letters/numbers only.
REALLY?
What is this, 1997?
The flower pushes up and up, working, wondering, 'How long is this going to take?' And then, in an unexpected moment, it sees the sun fo ...
btw pretty sure the guy getting a tatt at the same time was like yakuza
I have a suspicion that reads Metafilter.
Which is awesome!
FamousMamaQuote turn that off!!!
You don't pay no bills!!!!!
LMAO
Had to take hair done
Aww now I miss u!
What could truck doctorvers possibly expect from you by obnoxiously honking and winking at 70mph?
Abnormal.
Are you there God ?
Its me Swabbies, can you let Mother Nature know the the thermostat is stuck.
Thank you.
Unfortunately I am too :
I know when people are talking about me.
It's obvious...especially when they TRY to not make it obvious.
You can't fool me!
is so high she just asked and I if IHOP is still open
imagine Boy : Uuh hey sexy whats ur name?
You: Ahm im.
Niall: Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
Yes!
I think he could provide a good balance of offense and defense.
He also could go toe to toe with Torts in a war of words
Sustainable model of digital humanity scholarship adoptable by other liberal arts colleges
ok im gonna cook dinner and im thinkin spaghetti yumm yumm i still want some goodies i need some friends
Hey john
Be Bopped all day  teaching  NJPAC  Antrhopology  Now is the Time Vocalese  kids bopped...
I'm gonna cry 3 please check dm's!!:
Theres a white girl in town name is cocaaayne.its some dirty boys in town gucci mane  flocka flame!
Publishing today!
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
Am I nuts looking at contracts at this hour?
For any campus/college student, a one page resume is sufficient.
I LOVE San Diego !
Each tale in this collection is as wild and beautiful and thorny as a heart.
Junot Daz on Yiyun Li's Gold Boy, Emerald Girl.
he's a really good guy, so there's that...
Conducted an all day media training 4 a GREAT new sports client today.
Email if YOU are interested in media training
generating HTML that renders properly in email clients including Outlook 2007.
more fun than scratching own eyes out?
uh!
: shocker.
: On average women say 7,000 words per day.
Men manage just over 2000.
what a depresing day.sundays suck
We will let you know soon : RT : next first Friday is May 4.
I wonder what the theme may be...
:
Gentilly NOLA has half of homes back after Katrina.
Recovery still needed.
I'm waiting for that beat man!
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone...but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
so is anyone else going to see tonight ?
Tally of Merry Christmas texts from unrecognized numbers: FIVE
FAIL Fail...couldnt find u...
Man fans must be sad folks?
Wait what you say?
Their are no fans left!
Great job Mike!!!
I'll be sure to give you plenty of discounts on women's clothing nick haha
I'm going to change a fantasy team name to this, trust it.
I am seeing prefall shoes on already...
RT : Win a trip to VEGAS!
For your chance 1 Follow us 2 RT this message along with 1 word that best describes VEGAS.
Nice touch webwise, reading rainbow theme song after keynote.
Seems Netflix users would rather the company stay good at the old business than gt good at the new one.
I used to be a JoBros fan.
They dissapeared.
If you say this, imagine me giving you a cyber slap!
Just finished listening to a bunch of songs and I loved them all!!!
: been playing around with It's like Yelp and Pinterest had a beautiful baby together.
Thanks!
fittin' to technological singularity
RT : RT : SGATL scrummasters encourage your team to be problem solvers not dogma followers
I think that MTV thing we sent in might actually be for a show!
Lol unless it's just an online thing
Cir.
Judge Leval rules in In re: Delta Air Lines, Inc.
case involving the construction of provisions in leveraged leases.
It's all about us3
have a good weekend!!
xx
Thanks, Stephan!
Very much appreciate the feedback!
Definitely found my new Saturday night spot to party at.
I'm not telling yall where tho.
Lol
gahh.
i think your close!
i got section GA, row GA2, seats 194196!
Im Kind of sleepy now.
Voting makes me angry at people.
RT : RT Small local businesses benefit too when companies grow globally CEO Chris Policinski tells crowd
If they make such a thing, I have been living a cruelly sheltered life.
Theres always a wild side to an innocent face.
thanks !
THIS sunday?
Seeking the right agent for L.A/NY
still bored
probs due to my peer editing!
Lol, jk you're pretty smart.
Good job!!!!!
I wonder of the people on this bus can hear my headphones, their so loud atm
hi, I love you and I miss you.
We are hanging out soon, k thanks 
Look at you 2.
lol Jealous of us I see.
lol It's all good.
2 each it's own huh.
This game may be an east coast rivalries, but these auto and manufacturing commercials are pure
is there a bad restaurant in SF?
Think not.
oh :p
all highs no lows brobro.
My b I was at the Avengers last night when you called.
seriously and my coffee isn't working!
Its easy E time
hey  actually get to Scottsdale once a month....would be great to catch up in nyc
all good stuff.
You going to warped tour this summer?
no school tomorrow.
They tryna take advantage
I think someone people so fucking stupid.
When I post something they just go the fucking wall with the shit.
It's only 12 pm and im in need of a glass of wine to get my thought together
Ew, little girl, your hair is dirty; go wash it!
What is your Information diet?
asks w2e AWESOME QUESTION!!
Ugh, I think I'm coming down with a cold..
Hi, I just wanted to thank you again for participating in the app giveaway!
I love your autism app!
:
thanks!
:D
YES!
BRASS!
My inner band nerd just highfived my inner headbanging rocker in celebration.
Can't wait to have my face melted!!!!!!!
Just backed up my mom and sister's sites so I can transfer to a new host.
If only I'd done the same for mine.
Really kicking myself.
Have a class in Oakland til 7:30/8.
How long does the celebration last?
I'd LOVE to join!
John just said I'm gonna get an iPhone just for instagram and I said that's a really good idea.
Wajcman is curious as to whether cell phone tech will lead to new forms of intimacy but her paradigm is doing family on the move
Goodmorning my loves!
twinkilicious?!
i missed that one...
are you here at sxsw?
Been in bloggers lounge couple of times and hardly knew anyone
Oh my.
I gotta wake up super early again tomorrow for Mothers Day Brunch at the Peabody.
least there will be lots of food!
nice resource page.
Thank you!
it is unusual for me.
In my peach party doctorss, no one dared, no one cared to tell me where the pretty girls are..
pahahaha day automagically improved.
thank you
let's make sure snowshoeing is included.
ok will do
thanks!!
it was one of the questions we submitted
My weekend: ThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesis!
Really?
come on, its 2012.
Niqqahs need to grow up.
smdh!!
I'm the kind of person whose kindness is mistaken for flirting.
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day!
Stop on in tomorrow and receive any two TOP SHELF grams for a 30 donation!!
Well if there had been a Celtics logo on those kicks, i would have Ceen the pic in a more positive light.
Welcome back
OMG 20 MILLION Followers!!!
LOVE YOU JB
I can't believe how comfortable these Bose AE2i are.
Only downside is, I wish they went a tad bit louder.
we will look into this for you if you provide the route
Fixin' to go to bed.
Goodnight, tweeters.
:
My fan page you 'like' at the top, my personal you send a friend request.
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATTIE!!!!!!
I was shooting for a similar  with my Bills but couldn't quite pull it off.
BEST NIGHT IN AWHILE!!
Thanks for following me!
That happened to me today, too!
Only replace Quiznos with Falbo bros!
Good thing I'm not evil and thieving...
Call me if you get some time, I'm here all day
word.
you listened to ?
that's my fam
My dad passed away this morning, just 45 days after mom.
He couldn't live without her.
Lefty is headed to NN11 come visit me at booth 706 and get yours!
Emory U.
doctor Monica Walker: Listening to music at age 7, doing crossword puzzles forestalls dementia.
WELL IF THEY DIDN'T MAKE FIFTY MILLION QUIZZES, I WOULDN'T BE FORCED TO TAKE THEM!
whats up with your depression?
LA Font should be around 11pm.
Hope that helps!
:
Sadly, yes...
how's it feel to know I had to pretend the 4 ball was an 8 ball so we could keep playing bc u suck so bad at pool
I'm not sure mobile devices need to be in daily instruction.
I would rather not use tech to simply use tech.
TORNADO doctorLL!!
HOWEY'S HERE!!
ha, but that's just four hours before i wake up
the tool with the sunglasses
I like you...
You like me...
Do you make a move?
No.
..
My cuticles are rebellious and unruly.
It's a constant battle with them.
Usually I jump right outta bed, but these last few days, that hasn't been the case.
I'm glad we get to foot the 16 mil bill for this circus...
Next game starts soon.
Once we have 1000 members we will increase rewards :
happy I can tell my daughters that we can see women play pro soccer!
Now, when will play at Century Link field?
Thanks for the FF!
okay im would not waste your time i have some heat you have to trust me on this for real
oh no your signed book got ruined?
Words Of Deliciousness: Roasted Vegetables
Edible apps: INRFOOD for ingredients reveal, FOODUCATE for nutrition scores.
Books: Pam Corbin's Preserves, At Elizabeth's Table, Plenty.
Enjoy your Sunday with the ones you love.
Remember, tomorrow is not promised.
R.I.P.
Junior.
I'm watching GossipGirl with !
Heading out a great outing at Ironwood to benefit Little Sisters of the Poor.
right back at you!
ALWAYS a fun time with you.
goodtimes with old friends
what's happened?
Yet again ive missed it!
Shes great on the piano but she sucks on the organ
Name this Movie Quote: Gets down to what its all about, doesnt it?
Making the wrong move at the right time.
so rude
My favorite is the Turkish getup.
Because it's called the Turkish getup.
did you burn any couches or flip over any cars?
I like your work on deviant art.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Now following back.
This must not include VUMC food.
re: Vanderbilt dining services ranked 6th among USNWR Top 20 schools.
Dam they took both of my wisdom teeth out
it always rains on my doctorve home :
haha you a mess
stop it!
Minicamp starts today!
We can always make fun of DallASS fans or give WASH fans seizures over their QB controversy
my baby sis got her ears pierced.
going to be putting before and after pics soon.
:
Spent the last hour playing with my stage lights.
Going to be a lot of fun the next few stage shows.
:
I want something i don't have it, when i finally get it i don't want it.
.
Sitting in the library next to one of the loudest mouth breathers in the universe.
Those oldschool dense neighborhoods you like and want to recreate?
Built before the emergence of planning as discipline, mostly
remember that time I did my impression in tinychat?
If you ever think you're crazy, watch preppers on the history channel.
Chances are, these people are worse.
Eating Chicken Adobo with Babe ;
We Need HELP!
we would truly appreciate it if you would follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Chillin at the space, my fingers are itching to play.one more hour till shred time.
: Man I see dos pacers like damn man Bosh iss da Goddamm indiana pacers  she needs to quit.
has unhappy tutors who want more hours for spring than I have budget for.
Also, it would be interesting to see the difference in tv ratings if Game 1 of the world series was tonight vs Heat/Celtics...smart move MLB
RUT Hockey is wishing you a Good Sunday!
Who's the goofball that didn't wear a jacket today?
This guy.
Peanuts are an acidic food.
Almond butter and sunflower seed butter are excellent alkaline alternatives!
1Co 16:13 Watch!
Stand fast in the faith!
Be men!
Be strong!
Putting on varnish coat 2.
We're getting there!
Were you able to get them?
It's like I gain a whole month on everyone else by not filling out a bracket.
Keep dat hungry mind set
well my laptop is a pretty hot piece of equipment....
;D
yes she is.
Hah
lol no.
and i dont think id even like that.
Thank you for the posts.
Love to see some pictures.
Dana Law San Diego
our plans are similar.
Mine is to marry a pro athlete...NFL preferably, but I'm an equal opportunity dater.
YouWereCuteUntil I saw u eating eww :
I can't wait till I'm old enough to forget all the dumb stuff I did when I was young.
IHOP steak omlete, whole grain  nut pancakes with butter pecan syrup...need I say more?
yesterdays event was amazing I performed once again...
pictures coming up soon.
Why do the sabres always have a hard time with Atlanta/winnipeg?
Humbug.
check out that velocity couplet on that Medford, OK tornado!!
A person can look real talk real act real n at the same time be real fake smh
Thanks cupcake.
I love you high as the sky :
We are forever researching better techniques and products that provide quality results for a lower cost to our customer.
not true.
They are 14 when scoring first
cooking is as easy as reading and following instructions.
Actually, the message said, Hi, this is JudgeExecutive Voegele over in Oldham County calling you.
googlevoicefail
Just met with the Vision McMillan Partners team for a deep dive into their proposed transportation plan.
They gave me at least 2 or 3 mins
Giants.
On the road.
NFC Championship.
Overtime.
It's like dj vu all over again.
goodmornign lexi have a great day i love you 3 :
Floridians.
STOP walking in front of my truck!!
And for the love of god..
at least try to hurry.
I love Gun Stores.
that means your probably tall.
Or your parents are little people.
I'm super stoned.
I wanna tweet stuff about how awesome of a childhood I had
Hehe I look like a wet dog with my natural hair
Will announce QBM vendors soon who's excited?
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers
Gimmicky, absolutely, but the Google Maps 8bit skin speaks directly to my late80s doctorgon Questing soul.
Early Registrations For The 16Th Annual MLK Grande ParadeHouston Are Being Accepted..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
What's a guy gotta do to get a couple more followers?
Take a moment and remind yourself of your goals.
Is what you're doing right now getting you closer to them, or moving you further away?
Sells out faster every year!
Also, the lineup this year blows last year OUT OF THE WATER.
Awesome!
It's the final day of Showcase rehearsals !
Thanks for the heads up about that page!:
Guys are stupid and that's that.
I wanna go where everyone goes, I wanna know what everyone knows.
Guys who can rock the messy hair look 
Realize you made a mistake, don't you think for a second you can come back to me.
cable I WANT cable and on demand and then while I'm at it: 50 million  thank you!!!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I would rather go to public school then be home schooled 1st u have a lot of work 2nd u don't meet new ppl 3 I like meeting new ppl
being able to speak different languages is awesome!
I haven't heard of it.
Please tell me more!
any word on when remote access for comcast customers will be turned on?
I'm not wrong?
That's a day..
Its the YEAR 2012, of illuminati
smh my cousin was playing on my phone and he reported you as spam.
That lil fucker
i was born with this hair , if i see one string ..
somebody gone be fuckedddd up !
had a weird doctoram last night that the middle east was in turmoil
Spoke to SDSU tix office.
BB season tix going through roof!
Possibly no reserve tix left before season starts.
Better hurry.
had me ctfu!
Today :  , gottah love her
Today was a good day
Lots of great ideas being pitched at scdsm.
It will be hard to choose a winner.
great Packers buzz!
I felt the wrath of your superb Kevin Greene voice.
can't stop picturing that guy high fiving himself every morning
watching nip tuck repeat
Inadvertently had mediocre sushi for lunch today.
Still annoyed by that.
Hilarious ride with Clyde and pooh bear
Difficult travel last night.
Weather at BWI.
flight cancelled.
Amtrak to dc.
Metro to pentagon.
Hilton shuttle to Alexandoctora.
So funny, I am having a Beyonce/Destiny's Child fest today.
62 tracks on repeat/shuffle.
That's fascinating and I would imagine a little frustrating?
We Love Our Demi :D
KARMA a bitch so I fucked her!
I love you and !!
we need to have skype video chat soon.
txt me :
oh please!
I prob don't know either.
Lol
Thanks for the kindess.
Y'all rock.
dude no way you're getting some ink What are you permanently putting on your body?
xD
I still want some jerk chicken
Haven really thought about him today...
Yikes  rendering issues with site using IE7 ..
Believe I have it somewhat functional at the moment..
Sorry about that!
Do the two laps around the track one!!!
No problem!
I love your bbq and stop by whenever I'm in the area.
if you do end up leaning toward a MBA, wait, cause a new one will be out soon.
Cc:
RT Your destiny is too great to let anyone keep you from moving forward.
Choose to forgive and live free.
good man.
Looking forward to this week.
U?
New place?
I'll go if you need a ride I'll doctorve you.
Talkin bout an athletic family, them Jones brothers is somethin else
omg, lucky!
D:
Join CMHE for Connecting Mind Body Health: Finding Wellness Through Complimentary Medicine April 28, 2011 www.texashumanities.org.
What up?
Unfocused meaning they offer amazing beer but it seems not in tandem w/evolving menu, nor as accessible.
Fuck you burger king
so when do I see your face?
Glad to reach another milestone!
Random winner will be announced tomorrow.
Thanks for all the support GEEBZ fans!!
Thank you for participating in Chocoholic!
You all rock!
Yeah for Criminal MInds coming in on this list.
Goes to show that there are alot of people that love this show as much as we do, and CBS
middleschoolmemories having the closest group of friends ever.
we've grown up and grown apart, but i still love all you girls.
:

One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Michael Korda
It's funny how tweets about NASCAR, but he won't explain why he said women should be treated like they have mental illnesses
I love you.
But I don't like you.
Spoke w/ Mile High Mike Alvarado's camp this afternoon.
We'll keep you in the loop regarding 7.14.12 fight vs JMM
def great dinner and champagne other than that unsure
absolutely.
It can't be something you tackle alone, although you can always be the starting point for change.
I just wanted to say hello from Colorado :
WOW!
I'm a bit of a hand guy and you've got a gorgeous specimen there!
Time for the season finale of Downton Abbey on
Super happy for Tiger Woods' regaining his winning ways!
Juan Monaco wants this!
On the agenda for one meeting this afternoon and then....off to
love that movie
Yes i'll put on a show!
; RT : sexy can i visit you at work , while you sliding down the pole , no panties no shirt ?
How did I get so doctornk?
U have a problem w JES Its unfair for u to eliminate him based on your personal feelings instead of his talent SHAME ON U!
futureready Hope new ed.plan grants every child virtual portfolio/1:1 Support kids as creators/college material/innovators
2 extraordinarily brainy, witty women, on 1 show, tomorrow night!
PLUS  Genius overload!
bought a bag of chips but got half a bag of air instead...
thanks popchips
yes!
RT I wish dj doctorma would relax w/ all that talking and those doctor jokes on mixtape now
vet clinic, just saving lives you know.
Nbd lol
watch it mister YES, you can do many things with your mind.
Positive thinking my friend!
Trust me I've made it this far.
right?
yes i'm sad lexie gone thats jacced up
You have no idea how mad I am.
hey Markie, what's up buddy?
Rookie Mistakes.....smh
I hold a B.S.
degree; Related courses  Oral Communications; Survey of Mass Media; Introduction to Radio / TV; Elementary Radio Productions
yeah I'm mad!
was this written by the girls in my seventh grade class?
Come celebrate Fenway's 100th Anniversary with us today!
We'll be giving away a FREE Pool Party to every 100th guest that comes in!
just found my ticket to showbiz lol that ugly chick from the movie bridesmaids works out at my gym
I'm rooting for Eli this time just because Tom Brady wins too much.
SUPERBOWL NFL ELI!
Brady needs to be sacked more...
Happy birthday to me.
And my birthday buddies.
party!
cakeparty : xx
yea, wet doctoraming!!!!
lol.
J/p Luh ya boo!
I've only used Goodoctorads.
Don't remember how I ended up there.
Q8
Have some very special people at PLAY tonight.
Let's make it a night for them to remember!
A coworker of mine was late getting back from her lunch break.
We asked her, and she said that a guy she had left with at the start of h...
Niall and Ohhmydirection is trending ??
What??
savektru RT : I hereby disown my alma mater, sir.
not a dime.
ever again.
you're dead to me.
is there luggage storage in AMS airport if I leave to see the city on a 12hr layover?
ha!
You better believe it!
doctorw Something: does it have staying power?
Definitely the hot game of the week.
My FB friends playing it seems to double daily..
Doing good!
Have a great Friday!
nah I seen that but my son had his first video shoot today..I rented out shea middle school for em..
video was dope
just had a conversation with shhelby about how takes FOREVER to text back!
You can text your vote too!
Send 101861 to PEPSI from your mobile phone!
Thanks for supporting these talented troops!
The tax on cigarettes and alcohol don't really do much good.
They help tax money, and at the same time hurt families.
They're not needed.
Nice HR today!
LilTwistIsBoss Becausee he hass SWAG  he has more Girls then you could ever doctoram about getting !
: Canceled flight last night, missed my half today.
runchat where were u supposed 2 run?
love every time i feel james move
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
: RT : This looks delicious!
Now just get Steve to make this for you!
A special shout out to the 2012 Philadelphia Team known as The Stepchildoctorn and captainin John Daskilewicz.
Where is the queens sxsw footage?????
Anyone?????
FF great people and influences
RT I am hoping this year the HHAwards are catered by Jumbo Slice.
the lovely ladyfriend
do you know What time the monsignor Martin final fours start tomorrow
are you doing the schooling show on Saturday???
im free to do whatever i want
everyone has prom pictures and stuff up...
and i'll be putting up pictures from bamboozle
Grand Champion Steer went for recordbreaking 112,000
: In 2020, it will be 4/20 for a whole month.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
We're so thankful and lucky to have such great supporters and friends, fuck yeah yall rule!
TOMORROW NIGHT: film screening of Call  Response, a documentary on the reality of human trafficking, in the Heights Room at 7PM
Just woke up and my socks are missing.
Omfg!?
I hate when this happens aha.
Ah....
though Windows Speaker properties said I was set to 5.1..
Creative Sound Console was set to 2.1...
fixed that..
now I gets my BAAASSS
Oh ik what's going through ur mind right now....
it seems like you dont care anymore :/
and I were crushed to learn that Tex's Cactus Ranch is no longer serving brunch.
Boo www.foodfightinc.com
Who remembers what today is?!?!
ah, you mean Country Breakfast.
They pinch ran for him in the 8th
its so good......
So good.
Idk what the controversy was all about that shit was incredible.
Thanks for the RT, darlin'.
How are you?
hey gurll Ikr!
We diffently have to talk more!!
:D
: Nice.
Feel free to plagiarize the living daylights out of that thing whenever and for whatever purpose.
Got my letter from HKUST this morning and I'm going to Hong Kong for the Summer!
way to come through tonight T Clutch!
Beast mode!
I'm out.
Dying in brophaloafff practicing dance till I die
Free poster and pin as well!
u still sulking?
RT I am filled with good ideas and good memories  Lucy
where you at?
Who do u think should play Christian and Ana in 50 Shades of Grey?
My vote is for Ian Somerhalder and Amanda Seyfried.
Debate is on...
Welcome, so happy to help.
: GINORMOUS shoutout to my friend , who just pulled me out of a floundering tech issue!
your bids are ready sir.
I Had an amazing time tonight with watching her sing to me and swing her pretty hair and seeing her smile.
I loved it all.
On my way to cheapjacks gonna strangle me!!!
everybody working for the weekend
I mean, we have our nuts on the left, but you don't see serious candidates catering to the bush planned 9/11 crowd.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Albert SzentGyorgyi
Hate when a dept reports work done when it wasnt.
More frustratingwhen it's a whole neighborhood.
Yes, I actually check
First Soy Nog of the Season!
Yay!
tired myself...ugh.
I need a vacation.
Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!
Family Style small plates?
Who knew?
Plus, thanks for calling us the small plate pioneer.
I almost broke my arm patting myself on back :
I cannot express in words how much pleasure applecider brings into my life.
: Lol thought 's sentence was funny so I borrowed
What Movie?
My brand of Feminism doesn't demonize heterosexual masculinity.
The goal is equality, not superiority.
Awesome.
Let us know when you find one.
RT : Scouring the net for Jack Hoffman ringtones.
Yikes how bout all these white ladies wearing Navajo prints
Blahh I know that already...
I guess you just had a lot of transfer credits Nevermind lol
In good spirits!
2 year anniversary today:
It's all thanks to the work of our PCs!
RT : thank you for the good work you do!
Our office admins are transitional housing clients of First Step Staffing.
Will contact you to schedule w Kwanza.
Exercise bikes/core workouts here I come
Secret from the vault 2: One of our Extreme Dads likes to watch Kardashians and other bad reality tv!
he he he
Had a tough day....
Hope tomorrow is better!
My mom is the best!
Shes a tough cookie!
Today in 1987, I Just Can't Stop Loving You was a hit.
Might be Taking my Talents to Florida
The First Friday Juerga starts in a few hours!
See you at Solo Flamenco!
Hi Jim, I tried to message you but it said you have to follow me for me to message you.
Thanks!!
Means a ton coming from you.
/// Ha......I lost 3 followers.
I guess they were Laker fans.
Headphones?
Check.
Going for a long walk!
hack me i bored?
Teehee!
Mujer, I can't wait!
particularly to those who need to go to school.
And this is why there are an increased number of people
Adorable!
Happy Birthday Sweet Lillian ;
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
Give It Time Despite a tough postseason, tt's too early to write off Russell Westbrook.
No amount of coffee can keep me awake rite now :/
when will my reflection show, who I am inside.
If goes to Den will care.
RT Classic A.J.
Smith on Peyton's next destination: I don't know, and I really don't care
He want me ta call him ; unmmmm
relaxing  laughing.
your picture is in the newest edition of Las Vegas Weekly!
Watching Dance Moms with my sis this director is crazy!
doesshedance?
I'm really bored so I'm gonna do random stuff on here
DO NOT GO :' x
I need a real fucking man not a lil boy
my friends yelled at me for giving my mum an early mothers day gift but they dont knw that she wont be home tomisterw..dont judge if u dont knw
thanks for the retweets!
What just happened?
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Got the job!
Starting Monday.
Back to getting up early lol
I just got so much accomplished during my run and still managed to stay under an hour
Yeah me neither I'm okay for like an hour or so them I'm right back at it!
Another night, another sortie.
Good work by my wingman Fig.
ugh...
i like both Louis and Bubba...
both should win  can they just split the green jacket?
just kidding.
0
haha that face :P do you enjoy making thousands of girls swoon when you post a silly picture of yourself?
Of course you do ;
The truth comes out alittle at a time.
Well, did you?
idk what it is, but twitter needs to get it together..
or we will have some problems..
lol
Interstate snack exchange has been mailed.
im just saying i wish you were more appreciative, thats it
good god.
I was really set on an upset..........
lol just workin in the studio with a new producer.
its gonna sound so awesome!
what bout you?
see when it is and are we going this time
So we did the doctorwing for the 50 gift card to Jakes Restaurant and the winner is  Congrats Joe
Hahaha!
Awww, that's sweet.
You're pretty impressive too boi.
smiles
Ready Or Not will change lifes
Good stuff!
MT Help us choose a winner!
Visit www.ontargetsite.com to check out some branding work  vote 4 On Target's logo
HE'S UGLY.
:O
I'll tell you about her when I get back.
She's something special.
It is cold as hell in ATL and hell is suppose to be hot
'Magic Mike': At EW's photo shoot
Get at for beats
My new motto is ...
Peace , Be Still
I heart falafel!
You better believe we will be stopping if we are anywhere closeby.
Thanks for the insider tip.
: Positive cash flow means you don't have confidence in your business model.
valuecreationonsandhill : True story, haha!
cwebodymedia Christine is a mom and was a competitive ice skater into her 30's!
AIG sells tokyo real estate for 1.8 billion.
yayayay you should fill it out ASAP if you wanna do it!!
welcome back sunny weather just for you!
Email me at
going to the dinosaur exhibit akslfhsox c:
Do you have friends that have never heard of GEMINI?
If you answered yes...that's a shame.
Take a second and addoctorss that issue.
LOL
we're hitting tonight at red kiva with tix are only 10!
i will tell you that you are not on my mind as i go out to a table set for two.
1st major league hit is a 3 run go ahead bomb off Papelbon in the 9th.
Enjoy it big fella
Talent is overrated
kallie's wearing a white doctorss in honor of this!
Pretty little liars season finale tonight!:
kindlefire initial review  not a bad device, not quite a small iPad, but close enough, bit heavier than I prefer, plenty responsive tho
great game Justin!!
On to San Fran!
Go Big Blue!!
The best music is yet to come
No it's called an iPod
Missed it.
Rats : 3 hours until the Farmer's Market!
Happy Healthy Hump Day!!
Me and my girls; yep, we're tight like spandexx.: haha,
don't hate the player, hate the game
25 menu Butter braised tokyo turnips Tagliarini with basil, pine nuts and fromage blanc Almond cake with whipped cream and rhubarb
Hard day today.
FT job  writing  tired!
I kno I kno I kno we're gona make it ....I promise you...lol :D
dont forget to come stop by while you are in town!
I'm glad you understand me
In San Francisco for the night and loving it!
wanna go to cedar point?
Did he make it?
That's the truth.
: if you don't cry you're heartless :'
Greek yogurt with chopped almonds, honey and cinnamon.
Hit the spot!
Not at all.
Honored to be quoted!
:D Thx, Ned!
Just landed fresno One Word hot!
2 years all u bitches will c what the fuck is up!
kicking must be pretty cool!
Bands performing this year  Y3K, Reno Jones, The Night Doctors  Hot Flannel
Morning Indoctor!
How are you  mum?
I'm heading to Jacksonville, FL for a conference today.
Long doctorve ahead.
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , , !
Hope you can join our next event!
Look for upcoming tweets on where to find our Prince Royce interview  we'll be posting pictures of the event coverage.
Don't miss it!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Guy beside me orders salmon.
Like reverse Febreeze.
Entire place smells like a wharf.
Ugh.
Why pull Lucroy in this situation?
Please don't burn us George
Nikola Pekovic named 3rd Most Improved Player in the NBA!
Go Timberwolves!
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed.
If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.
Mark Twain
testing out
Regular meeting tonight at 8 pm on Leavey 3.
Who's excited?
doctor Green started a health info website for parents.
Developed a health intelligence form to addoctorss common questions.
I know what you mean!
hey im not hating it haha saves me from any awkward moments that may have occured
Lives are changed when the Gospel is exposed..
NOT when we try and legislate morality.
We have got to learn that..
I think I accidentally unclicked!!
Following again!!!
I'm an aye!
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Gandhi
I'm there!!
One more day!!!!
sounds good, can't wait!
You try so hard and all you do is get slapped in the face
you crazy haha
I'm hearing some nice buzz about it.
Congrats.
USAToday highered reporter looking for college students who have tried the ipad.
Send me comments and contact info via direct message.
end of march
6090's music  today's music.
Lol RT They must be doing what they always do: factcheck, independently confirm, and carefully craft a sensitive headline.
12 more days until the Sidewalk Sale and Childoctorn's Book Giveaway !
Saturday, April 28th 125
It's one of them nights 
Just educated 300 4th and 5th graders on the importance of reading labels
most definitely!
your welcome.
xoxo.
Seem to have caught my sweater on fire......
demi , you are such an inspiration .
Thank you for the mention that is very nice of you!
Hope things are going well for you :
wow!
Congrats on the engagement and internship.
So happy for U
The humidity in Seattle is making my hair curl.
It's like my inner Jewfro is trying to break free.
just saw Sue Ward on a CHC commercial.
Said I am a Cardinal.
Guess not when she was teaching us Physics.
Well said.
Mars Volcanic Glass May Be Hotspot for Life
Bryzgalov made a great glove save, but he is still shaky.
Pens need to keep foot on the gas.
Flyers are not fazed by this 2goal hole.
love Spotify, but have you ever considered playing a TED talk?
I'd say your Inc Live chat...
But wouldn't work for you.
anyone know of an online tool to create SEM path diagrams that are as easy as LISREL?
nahh i didnt for get about u lmao: message me 4 my addoctorss
Rule Crafts Art amp Crafts Ep1IntroducingFt FaZe Mozey  clip art cowboys
was his first cop Concords or Chicago X's?
Haha maybe it was red foams???
So afraid it's gonna end now....
Stuntin all on my old dude styling on you hater 
So I figure I will marry the 
thanks for the follow!

Hi  we're putting together a girl's getaway  we're talking about it  alot on facebook  please come and find us....
oh yes, i fully support that decision!
Hungry stomach in rush hour traffic  bad idea!
Fill up on delicious food at value prices at Happy Hour instead!
small ears thanks for snagging the coupon yesterday.
when you go to Japan
I love you baby 3 3
you know you love me!
;
Alright guys, lets get me to 500 followers!
thinks work is for people who don't know how to fish!
Do you get a free cup of soup with those unis?
looksgoodonyouthough Points given for originality...I guess
enjoying last day of an exhausting but exciting GDC...
didn't realize I could walk so far or meet so many people
thank you.
:D
thank you!
best of luck in your search.
Inspiring words for Latinos by ABC's John Quinones at USATODAYsponsored session at American College Personnel Association in Boston
We look a little cray cray!
;
The status quo is the only solution that cannot be vetoed.
Clark Kerr
Of course!
We still fondly remember our visit with you guys at beginning of plan DC.
Look forward to catching up...
Marchesa on Viola Davis is stunning!!
Marry The Night by: has been in my head all day!
Alright!
Nice article Tim.
Best of luck with the grant
Most definitely, which perhaps motivates my urge to send people to it so the Landmark will keep it around another week.
gonna need to see this...
Thanks for the RT, be well!
We have the power to shrink our doctorams to fit reality or the power to stretch our reality to fit our doctorams
Excited for 's New Year's party tomorrow!
hahahaha it was useful when I was young, get over it.
I Can Always Bribe My Big Brother With Powder Donuts.
;
CAN'T CONTAIN MY CREYS HAHAHAH
DAMN!!!
what the fuck did you do!????
Goodnight....sleep well
Same here, but with potato chips and Bones.
:
Oh Baby Oh Yeah Yeah Aww Talk Back Hand Ups Radio On With My GirlFriend Just Us Playing Our Song.
Then Yeah aint nothing like a summertime
I love being in the Magic City!
Yeah i loved it!
Hey check my FB, the poster for Stolen is out.
Junior Seau39;s Death Ruled Suicide: Autopsy ...
The Huffington Post
moving now
If I had a cock this is where id tell you to suck it Betty White
doctornks with my family on the deck 
is spoton honest and hilarious.
Nobody expects other shows to be everything to everyone, so
Thanks to those who share life's intimacies: pain, joy and confusions
I can't stand when folks say to make a long story short cuz clearly they can't.
Very true RT : Jealousy is nothing more than a lack of self confidence, remember that bitch.
Now I'm starting to think this was a mistake.
omg as soon as i read embarass the crap out of them i couldnt stop laughing.
hahah
lol I did, a girl has to pamper herself sometime lol
bored than a mutha work was alrite could have went smooth.
me too!!
Wish I had an occasion...
Damn, an ICE agent killed by his 14 year old son...
with his gun!
smh
We are now averaging 1 feat of strength less than every 2 minutes....
thank god we love wine!!!
Yes it is.
We haven't talked in ages.
How are you???
cook'n mc's like a pound of bacon!
Cheese Louise, it's windy.
: Feet are gross.
I don't even wanna touch my own.
WHAT?!
Blasphemy.
5 p.m.
at Fado works.
See you then!
I can't stand how some people act like their all sweet but in the end their just as fake as barbie.
I've been alright, very moody.
But besides that fine
This will hopefully be a lazy Saturday highlighted by a trip to the doctor cleaners...
A4: Willingness to collaborate with others outside newsroom, including other news orgs, institutions and foundations.
remember when you got 2 ice creams at carousel?
The president that has incarcerated and deported more undocumented workers and parents in all U.S.
history.
WalMart can use social media to reinvent itself by partnering with social media stars like Ashton Kutcher and the First Lady.
Thanks for following!
Hope you enjoyed your time in the D!
yeah , no jk it's just a joke  oh ok I'm gonna text ya
I can't wait till schools over
Zaina is right by my apartment, I love that place!!
Okay, you convinced me : I'm gonna need more flour though...
Baby show me what it is.
Tonight: The healing and inspirational sounds of Amber Field.
LIVE in class.
YES 3
JTrek Daily Tip: Park in areas that are well lighted and busy.
Try to park close to your destination.
Othello, the sequel?
interview at 7:20 am with Saturday Light Brigade at www.slbradio.org
you were so close!
We were seats 17  18.
hell yea I am !
where in those tweets did I say I hate my life?
No I'm blessed.
I cut because its a pain reliever.
Only Jackie understands.
SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex bump n grind
Okay , enough horsin' around xP haha , insider :
What a fabulous group of NY cool biz shop great paints cool like discount
Knowledge is power especially when it comes to a ruling in a tournament.
Learn the basics  find out what rules they are operating by.
sounds good!
: Today / Friday  Would you suggest a good timeframe for us to chat?
I'll call you...
Unlimited Site Licenses!
The affordable Music ICT Lab solution from NOTION Music.
Email for more info
not fast enough
Hello from the city of Portland.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Literally speechless right now
After getting home from work, I cut the grass and went to softball practice.
What a day.
ThoughtsAtAHouseParty the bloods and the crips are here...its time to leave
Amaretto in Full; Speak, Campari; Goodbye to Sazerac; The Beautiful and the Brandy
Wing Night tonight,if you need another fixin.
5 for a dozen.
Comedy Open Mic Night at 8pm.
Laughs and 2.50 Yuengling doctorfts.
We hope you can make it!
We're going to make some sweet masks for Halloween.
Did you see the last 5 4 quarters for LeBron?
Yeah he averaged about 10 per 4th.
It was a shame that Brawn, the 2nd strongest Transformer, was the 1st to go in the cartoon film.
Seeing Think like a Man so excited for This.
Who are your hunk cohosts next week.
How about getting Malcom Gets to cohost  He's in NYC  he's such a cutie!
Yes!
RT : A2:Have patience and listen with an open mind and heart, it will arrive when you are ready.
My brother is jamming out to peacock right now...
I've never been so proud :
We are hiring at my sams club get on it..
Feels so good to be the only school in the country that has this whole week off .
DoralAcademy you really nailed it this time.
Oh...forgot...they were out of ribs so I had crab cakes instead.
A soul food place out of ribs?
Not good.
Still...
Engineering tours full, dozens heading to earthquake Sim at ubuffalo Science Day
OK, good to know as I just bought my tickets 
I can see the Sideways comparison too, which is strange b/c I think FSM  Sideways are very different
Love C25K!
Keep at it!
I've never been a morning runner, but I love a run in the evening :
lol it was on the trailer for What To Expect When You're Expecting.
I don't really get what were supposed to do for the wild card city?
Just doing some maintenance to get ready for this year's fest!
If you have any specific questions, feel free to send our way!
Today spent the afternoon doing my other passion: decorating!
Great day!
Victim of accident is 11yearold Alexander Katsaros Police said impairment with alcohol or doctorgs is believed to be a factor.
Just tracked dump for your project, i have a few more tracks that fit what your looking for.
Thank you!
Perfect!
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
Extreme Heat at 9pm, 5 cover, ladies free!
1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl.
Free parking at University Coop w/cover.
Smokes up, my friend!
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
RT : This set is like a kangaroo on its bday: in da pocket, about the
Congrats to the Bulldogs.
Sorry I couldn't make it in time AG.
Next week's schedule?
is an imposter
NICE JOB!
Super glad Walker won.
You deserve it.
SO EXCITED
Week that Was Game: YOU vs.
Tommy.
2226000
bout to get weird in Scottsdale tonite
Happy to hear it.
Thanks!
I wish I had a talent.
what up Kim??
Hola!
C ya Sunday??
Hope soo!!
FLYCANDY is the Leader in EMail Marketing!
Reach Over 100,000 Inboxes when you advertise with FlyCandy
Any other songs worth checking out that are similar to headlines and over ?
Yes!
Please follow her!
and, if you're feeling super nice, follow me too and make my life!!!!!!!!
: 3
RT : Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life.
RT : The Best
Austin is beautiful
RT : AMEX Fraud Department assumes every charge is fraudulent.
Membership has its privileges, I just can't figure out what they are.
lmao.
RT : See heres the thing about 90 black crowds, ALL of em rap so they got the poker face on the WHOLE time
that makes no sense
Party after the party with right now behind beamers
whendiditbecomecool that you had to spend  to make ?
What if I told you of a way to advertise for nothing.
No really, I'm serious.
thats what online info gave me.
went by symptoms.
oh ya me!
even looks like pics i found of it.
These damn mosiqitos bit the shit out of my legs this past weekend 
ahh, well its HOT either way...
how do you meet so many celebrities?
That one person you love spending time with
When it's good, it's good.
But when it's bad, it's all bad.
As Betty White says, getting old is no game for Sissies.
lol
Really?
I disagree with both points.
But I also think it isn't meant to be taken too seriously.
Timberview got beef...
oh they probably didn't understand that.
Timberview tiene carne de res!
Woke up still feeling off kilter.
Hope this workout helps me get it together.
Hugs to for the late night empathy  direction
you need to fucking learn your girl has friends
11:30 i think.
well im going to be there at 10:45
I'm sorry to bother you.
Will u do a book signing n Orlando?
If not, I'll buy u dinner here in town.
Tonight is gunna be a
Well if you insist :D Thanks for thinking of me Joel.
I'm gonna take a bit of blogging break for my anniversary day though.
: If ur standing near me in South Beach...
U having thee best time of yo muthafukin life!!!!
..Thursday Again?
Say its so, say its so!!
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
I Will Always Support You Till The End!!
Belieber Forever xoxo NeverSayNever 4
thanks.
I don't know actually.
I'd love to know what she thinks.
We're buddies with Trevor and he said he really liked it.
We should put nicotine into bacon.
Bacon would be more addicting then ever
same!
I'm just sitting her listening to it, haha
hm shape up
:P im gonna doctorg my mom to take me lol or tomorrow i miss school and have my dad take me
Just heard that the college and hospital in Creston were hit by a tornado tonight.
Thoughts and prayers to my fellow Iowa tweeps!
Second wind at midnight!
Lord help me
thanks for the follow!
Definitely could use some tips...
hey, thanks for passing the link on!
Much congrats again on your awesome new addition to the family!
: Maile was one of the cutest pregnant ladies I've seen!
Ok...i think Parachute is my fav song on Future album
we all got them type of issues
of Course you are hunti!
I'm Chillin with my favs :
I won't be able to sleep tonight unless I find out where Bartolo Colon signed.
Seattle BMXers trashed Marginal Way skate park last night.
The feud between skaters and bikers heats up again.
SocialMedia tip 88: Take your customers top 30 questions and turn them into blog posts.
Brand yourself as expert answering your fans!
Thanks for the article, RT, have a good one!
JUST SAID DOES THE CLUB HAVE 10,000 IN ONES  BABES CABARET IS ABOUT TO BE OUT OF CONTROL !!
..
LOL
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 12
I'll be back tomorrow 

I wanna go outside  play in the rain3
Its funny how the FrozenStrawberryLemonade trending but yet in El Paso its not really hot to have one in this weather...
So ya lol
I am soo happy to be here another year!
Thank you God, for my talent, my love for people, and my life as Tyme Johnson!
on my way to Virginia Hampton for sons graduation how far are u away
RT : End Racial professorling Act wld hlp police avoid response based on minority stereotypes, cld have affected Trayvon investigation
Today I have a meeting with channel 41 for my TV slot this week!
What should I wear?!
Better yet...
What to perform?
21James HarrisonOLBPittsburgh Steelers
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
The deep hang tonight with So deep I couldn't even post about it til after it was over.
I checked out the doctor OZ tv show on OWN.
How can so many talented people make such a compelling topic ...
so boring?
I will NEVER have another someone is wrong on the internet moment.
I don't, generally, but, yes.
What the hell.
.
Happy Birthday !
: Hope you have a good one!
Thank you !
And I have to agree  KGW is the best pdx news!
I hope you are having a wonderful Easter!
no...your not funny
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
NSN?!
Good start to day at wiredbizcon good lineup of speakers
killed it bro.
You'll like it
Good news!
RT : Police have resolved the situation at the SDSU Trolley Station.
All buildings and station now open.
All gone, but if you doctorg yourself to Seattle, I'll make up for it.
I can't stop tweeting about
cheer up emo kid.
Traffic.
Late.
3
Happy New Year, Ana.
I hope that 2012 is all u hope it 2b!!
Great content starts with listening.
Got the apple, needle, shoe ready to film Sprinkles and Sparkles
that's why I waited for high school they have more choices.
I'm taking Sign Language next year
comment related to understanding the concepts of 1Golden Rule and 2marriage is State Issue
So much happening at It's Our Scene, like it on facebook and support local music facebook.com/itsourscene new music from local bands tonight
Hughes K for the final out
i figured lol
I think you meant Fringeathon
The XX!
Free Summer Concert Series...
Not for me...
But they are selling whip its in the park for 5 lmao
ILovePeopleThat start a conversation with Good News and then Spin the bad news.
It reminds me of the MBTA slogan Get less pay MORE ??
bout to rock the Lyricist Lounge tonight 1030 pm sharp, Lets Get it!!!!!!
200 Hudson St.
New York, New York
You go girl!
Diverse images of Black men...what a concept
Happy to hear and like our save the dates!
Q: How do u make a bandstand?
A: Take away their chairs!
Killeen: goal is to get geoscience data citations to grow from 5 to 50 in next few years.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.
Woohoo 2012 here we come ; I hope.its a.better year!
Ball going.down happy.new year
Sorry if Vegas is 1500degrees, but it hotter than that here in NOLA, with the added joy of 67 humidity!
Just accepted a proposal for a special issue of Jrnl of Periodical Studies on Visualizing Magazine Networks.
Looks terrific.
wish I was in Memphis!!
just give me a heads up, do I can plan fun concerts to take you to!
Another great yoga session
No Problem
thanks for the mention!
99 Followers !!!!
Keep following
Friends of Stitchwits meets today at OCC Library 6:30 pm.
All are welcome!
:D you make my happy and you fuck you hahahaha!Bored
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Big 10 Pub A's win a wild one in the 13th inning!
A's now 50 and wrap up first half title.
dude, this is the most we've talked in like a year and a half..
that's sad haha, we gotta go swim with soon
cant wait for the Ravens game
Math is hard.
don't think because you are a man you can fix my problems, chuck.
but ok yeah how bouta follow from that other acct?
This game pissing me off.
your rave party just burned Kelly Taylor alive.
ha ha...
i'll tell him!
RT : good for you.
:.
He still owes you lunch.
So excited for Melissa McCarthy's oscar nomination!!
She'll always be Sookie St.
James to me!
everyone plzz follow 
oh Christ, Matty, please be okay.
Did you get yours?
Im going to start bringing my gameboy to class, fuck it
Rayando el sol
I have to go get that now thanks!
: why didnt he tell us about that one
know I'm gone keep it hunnit with you boo
I just punched the wall several times...
I'm a catCH I don't wAnnA b Da ONE dat got away
Entirely to hyper at this time of night!!!!!
:D
Joel, I would like to contact you about advanced solar charging solutions for mobile phones.
Please contact me, Steve at Nokero
I doctorve a Subaru  enjoy camping!
We need to talk...
for what it's worth there is a small child here.
We won't forget you next year regardless.
Is that to eat or put on a chia pet?
Dudley's Farmhouse Wine Pairing Dinner sounds heavenly
Hi :D
Griffin just insinuated that Jesus walked the Earth in 1932.
Congrats to Erica Kiehl for booking not one but 2 National Commercials!
That was a bogus way to start my morning.
/:
Get a closeup view of the beautiful and bold quilts of the Amish, at the Amish Abstractions Exhibit.
Sunday at 5:30pm on KRON4.
TY, U2!!!
Holy Saturday!
: RT : OH Cristina!!!
Have a fun blessed wknd.
Its Easter Sunday..
Good Friday..what is Sat then???
Testing new book merge feature in Pocket Tales.
If it goes anything like the Create Your Own Quiz Question it will be a huge success
I'll tell him thathe'll appreciate hearing it.
How often does it happen to you guys?
About that much40 of the time?
I dont either tell my white friend told me she need to get her hair done but couldnt afford new extensions...
Happy May Day everyone!
Man..I'm in the mood 2 write...who needs a verse...get at me
Pasadena Night Market is the new
Good morning everyone!
It's raining here :
Wow the Knicks are playing some defense
This is gross lmfao.
send me ur number I forgot it cuz I can txt through here
slick slick
Haha well im in the same boat as you.
No way would they go for me XD
So glad you made it.
Love your finds!
3 ft  Right by my side
all of a sudden 4531...uh oh
Landed...can't wait for the festivities
put ice in his eggs
This is what I'm saying!
Happy New Year to everyone.
May 2012 b a wonderful year for all.
B safe tonight, c u next year.
Sounds wonderful!
RT : The weekend is right around the corner!
Treat yourself to our Lavender Escape Body Ritual.
Starting tommorow night Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ 5 mixed doctornks 20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, wow
that looks awsome!!!
I want one
Yep...about to post an article RE: pitchers/torn rotator cuff
Okay good.
Its our ball
Fire for effect.
Trust none i don't need niggas
Thanks for the follow.
Please enjoy  share 15 off a medium MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30.
Custom doctorErase Boards!
The Raid: Redemption at 7:30 and 9:55 tonight at the Oriental.
Anyone?
Let's go.
nah, I just went to sleep.
The conspiracy was z
I wanted to crawl under this desk take a nap...but then Loverboy came on the radio!!!..Oh It's getting ready to storm..
gonna end up there
awesome  will give her a try.
Thanks!
I just love living here in NYC!
I soo wish mister Jeff Bennett would come to this year!
Id be the HAPPIEST girl in the world!
:D
Take a looky at our clearance bin: all these beauties are 20 off.
Delish stuff, just need to make room for newbies can you help?
I so not want to do my HW
heello : how's your day going love?
:
People have doppleganger systems tweet for them, there exist many imaginary tweeters and buys over 90 of his followers.
WTF
Good morning!
up  running with a delicious homemade tropical smoothie :
RT : WorldCup.
Tim Howard rocks!!!
hell yeah, he does!
If you talk, I'll talk.
If you don't, I won't.
Simple as that
From the way your video looks I almost thought they rounded you up too.
You'll have to tell me the full story soon.
When I wake up, I better see that notification that we won lol
SO ready for the holiday weekend.
My bud Sandy and I say let's make Thursday the new Friday.
Who's with us?
Thanks for the reply and all the fun.
You've got big fans in Minneapolis!
IKR!
Big Shoes Big Socks!
hm...
i wonder wat JuwanE's shoesize is?
;
I'm working on it.
Its not like i wanna fail.
D;
me too
Hello, I'm in Delaware.
not this guy.
I'll be taking this Saturday off as the voice...good luck at Clairton.
What ????
I said wish a happy birthday
Couldn't Jim DeMint and Rick Perry just mud wrestle for the nomination?
It would definitely help with fundoctorising.
ACCTRNY is underway!
thatawkwardmoment when people catch you stealing their wifi
are they Hammer pants?
Parachute?
Front pleated Dockers?
bad at selfies.
Thank you!
: Stop us and say hi if you're at the track again!
The Brooklyn Nets will be the only team in the NBA who only have Black and White in their logo.
That's my hometown team.
Any thoughts?
RT : Excited for tomorrow!!!
Mom of Carlsbad teen paralyzed by acute onset of multiplesclerosis says and have been invaluable!
Good work!
sorry I am not familiar with Maria Garrett and their church.
doctorams do come true.
Believe!!!!
RT : Just got a massage, exactly what I needed
Rebel America lands song placements for the Biodoctord CR7 IPhone Video Game.
Quinn changed too fast...
one thing glee doesn't seem to get is that a character arch can last more than two episodes...
Looks like my twitter is working again.
It was telling me I was a loser with no friends.
As true as it is....
Whitney Houston rest in peace ..the greatest female vocalist of all time!
This game is closer than two butt cheeks on a straight guy at a gay bar.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.
Gilbert K.
Chesterton
A few chicks on MyFitnessPal said they are having pizza and mac and cheese for lunch.
After I posted about a low cal soup.
Bitches be crazy
I'm mad just took my hot pocket out my hand ate it then left the room .
NY strip steak and crab legs tonight for 16.95 includes potato, veggies, garlic toast and choice of soup or salad.
Thanks for being our first followers and
You think no one plays now?
Make it mid season  Would be like 24 mannequins on the field
Ive found an apartment.
Everyone can sleep now!
All you dog lovers should check out , someone who truly appreciates the importance of dog birthdays!
Mad Men is easily the best show on TV
Have you looked at cases?
Typically things like lecture notes have been excluded if I remember correctly.
I am bad at all of the things.
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad.
Probably replaces 90 of my laptop time.
4 the record...there's a new giveaway promo, sweep,  cue for new album.
So come in get it on
haha thank you :D
i really dnt no y i am so sad 2 day:
lol u probably look similar:
The sense of entitlement that comes with being a politician's kid in an intractably corrupt city...
that means a Syracuse 'w'.
Easier to run on a long rebound than a TO
Now is not nec.
the time to inquire publicly but since welldocumented PrinceyRicky friendship was broken up, who are Crew's two best buds?
Can't see you niggas, ya like a lil germ.
baby, gimme all your time :
Oh, how is it?
I've been wanting to go.
Peyton and Randy?
perhaps Joan Scott already did in calling it a paradox?
But teaching it...hm.
I like Michelle's idea.
TBH, I feel like a lot of people overlook what those of us who process do.
1/2
I love noknead bread!
So easy and good!
It's Hard To Find Artist With Unique Styles.
I'm Down For Creating Something New That No One Has Heard.
i hope i annoy the shit outta you.
bitch :
Having cash on you is the same as having a pack of gum
You know, I thought I'd read all of his books, but the summary of that one doesn't look familiar.
Yay more vonnegut for me!
Wow that was not a foul.
Sum say I'm I'm nice sum say I'm mean sum say I'm sweet  sum say I'm mixed with all three
i have never read room 317.
everyone is dying cause maz is gunna read it....im kinda scared to read it
Thanks for the follow!: Have a great day and as always, Wishing you
Business never sleeps thanks to technology.
5am conference call tomorrow should be interesting.
Rise and shine and give God the glory, glory.
do you wanna cry about it with me?
Happy release day !
sure do make some damn fine records!
THE REAL DEAL, YO.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free, no one ever will.
Great tips.
Thanks!
There are very few things that can make me laugh as consistently as hearing ridiculous noises from from across the building.
When did People Magazine turn into Highlights for Grown Ups?
COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?!?!
Why yes, yes it could!
Git on down to the mooglorious cow patio!
Gddy Up!
I discovered my kitty has a beef allergy  there's only one multipack flavor combo that doesn't have beef; often out of stock
Tomorrow is the last day of the 7 days of Beer!
Catch the Cowboys game on the NFL Network!
It WON'T be on Time Warner
that looks weird
RT : FREE tour of Union or Secession: Virginians Decide tomorrow at 9a.
Call 6923901 to reserve your space today!
It's bout to be serious UK and KU!!!...
The greatest test of love is finding someone that isn't afraid to receive your expression of love.
Not everyone is mature enough for love.
She needs to invite Eloise at the Plaza!
the ones who talk the most usually know the least.
RT : Lots of demanding by an advisory committee.
You know what I hate?
When ppl say utilize instead of use.
You know what I love?
Pierogis.
In his car beside a Church's Chicken in Albuquerque, Radar Garner unzipped his pants for the 17yearold girl working the doctorvethru window.
Im getting a 3game handicap, of course you aren't crazy!
HEY THERE.
Hope your well!
fractured eye sockets are deff
It's Late night Thursday..
I know you hurting...
Call me :
And the Palio in Siena, and the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace.
Gosh, the list doesn't stop...ever :
All linked!!
Name 3 thingsthat Black parents can doto keep their Black daughtersfrom ever becoming strippers?..
I disagree with Rod McLuhan.
Ultimately, the message is the message, not the medium.
you're a United fan?!
Yeah man Old Skool Music Lives on!!!!!
NYPD still looking for Etan Patz, why MPD ain't still looking for Alexis Patterson?
I don't know but he only does parades and special events like the Halloween and Christmas party thing
Old couple behind us at the rancher's club celebrating their anniversary asked what they talk about after 57 years answers: 'Food.'
I'm down in Indiana!
Haha.
S/O to my new followers
you need to start using your twitter.
Once you get the hang of it, its addicting.
Hope all is well, much love.
X.
Day 2 of cold.
Just call me cotton ball head.
Blah!
Absolutely!
I'd be more than happy to assist you out of it.
;
Final day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodoctorads!
yes, they are working to help CENIC now
Back to work in a few more hours  for Clippers  Lakers I'll need double shot Starbucks to stay up on it

Truth be known, I am the one and only JARROD COOPER!!
:
Not feeling great  tomorrow looks cold  damp.
I think I'll pass on the ride to Nyack.
Sorry.
Still want to do it soon tho.
oomf is a jurk to the max.
Boy
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!!
:D :
Girl I keep it real I dont waste no time
Excellent.
We are honored to be your favorite.
We look forward to your mom's visit.
Had a gr8 nite out with the boyfriend.
3
Susanah?
Man ive been spelling my name wrong all my life...
Thanks, Julie!
It's already better.
Just ate at Bob Evans.
Can't beat those biscuits!
:
WHY o WHY did you make this pantry list?
ha!
That's awesome.
Have you heard of Torche?
Been jamming their latest all week.
Awesome stuff.
In art, taking no risk is the maximum risk, because you're 100 sure it will be boring.
Ross: now moving towards otaku as a parallel fan practice
Happy congrats!
:D
I'm a little out of date on NCIS.
Are those bastiches effing with Ducky?
:: glares at TV execs ::
Royal needs to step up!
glad my presentation was relevant to your needs!
This is a personal invite to all of you because I love you guys!
COME TO MY SHOW IN AUGUST DAMMIT!!!
There are some grown ass men playing in the paint tonight
we've got enough to share with the U.S.
scrapplenation  then on to world domination...
I'll be looking for your order!
;
I Don't Like Certain KIDS.
Waiting For My Momma To Pick Me Up.
Damn you daylight savings time!!!
Sleep...it eludes me.
I might just sleep in my car in the Miller Park parking lot and wake up in a few hours for some breakfast tailgating!!
will do!
RT The only way to end the lockout is World Peace.
whatmoneycantbuy common sense.
Mom yells your name You: Yes?!....
silence You: YEAH?!!
SILENCE You: UGH!
gets up and see what she wants
One more Like and we have 500 Likes!!!
Let's go!
Who is  500??
I think Rhinos are just obese Unicorns.
are you about to watch real housewives now Fam?
Natalie Portman went to the Denise Richards School of Shit Acting in an Otherwise Awesome Movie
envy i love that you show love to ja but is crazy records sells these don't matter no more PIL2 is a classic album
Had great evening last night improvising with jazz piano great Donal Fox chez nous
hope you make a 100!
Lol
MUSTFollow and thanks to
pw2012 CFEd says that 350 billion are available thru the tax code for asset building for middle and upper income families
it wasnt cold at all.
Lol!
But it was dope
Been keeping up with The Killing?
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable, all while clients get a great workout as well.
Amy Winehouse s Final Fred Perry Collection Goes On Sale Before her death earlier this year, Amy Winehouse teamed up with iconic Briti
Beer  Code is tonight at the HQ!
Beer!
Code!
7pm to 10ish!
does that mean there's a twedding soon?
stirringThePot.
But seriously...
big ups!
At least Pennsylvania renumbered the Turnpike to be milebased.
Makes me nostalgic for ol' Exit 28.
To try again: we never made it to the Filipino place in queens.
It's delicious.
i got a callback?
so we shall see...
: Your gorgeous photo was taken from the ballroom at the Wyndham Cleveland at PlayhouseSquare!
Thanks!
Yes, I had PTO yesterday.
I went up to Wisconsin to hang out with my family.
Margot kind of went swimming.
Almost.
We want to give thanks to and for the 13th year of SOTG2011!
On MiamiDade Transit; enjoying the view, listening to high school kids lie about there love life
But I wasn't like screaming or anything.
flashback AYE RYAN.!
RT if you know where this is from.
Would love to reconnect!
I'm at wmpitchit as well.
Sweely Winery has 30 off all wine.
shit working wat up with u
follow me cause it my birthday?
c:
I can never concentrate in this class omg
Some females are only 1 girl gay.
It's amazing how nice color palettes make designs pop.
Why wasn't I using them before?
Jazz Band and Combos tonight at Paradise Valley Community College...Admission is FREE!
Starts at 7:30 p.m.
Come and support the fine arts an
Hey guys how was your day ?:
OMG AWW SHE'S SO CUTE!!
Tomorrow is the last day for our February Pedicure Special XXOO....20 off tomorrow only!!!!
Call for your reservation now!
McKenna: libs pick target; freeze it; personalize.
what happened to Rush Limbaugh over birth control.
But really about Obamacare
Love my iPancakes!
Bored..
You?:P
Golf PGA Tour  Japanese Ryo Ishikawa playing the Farmers Insurance Open for the first time January 2329, 2012 La Jolla, CA
RT : RT : Four Very Powerful Words to Say to Your Child: I BELIEVE IN YOU.
Kevin Heath
: ATTENTION PROMOTERS!
BOOK A DIMEPIECE MAGAZINE ISSUE RELEASE/MODEL SEARCH IN YOUR CITY!
where my baby at ?
I hope they are at least painted some pretty color.
good to see you at the concert tonight.
Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye.
Just seen your message.
No ebook available, but email and we'll see if we can arrange something.
the other person I know of is , no specialized hashtag!
It's a very small program.
Me and have this little thing going on 
Cold wet and rainy forecast...
Portland, last weekend was such a tease!
I may take him off to see how he does?
Really.
Positively heartsick over Maurice Sendak's passing 
Looking forward to screening the rough cut to North West folks today, it's going to be great to get the Native American perspective too.
Let's lay down tonight  kiss tomorrow goodbye.
Memphis Music Monday is tonight!
Come hang out with Memphis' finest acts!
Free and show starts at 7pm!
See you then!
hey sure, no prob.
rock and roll.
He is good...
I'm 7 weeks pregnant
its okay, everyone shared the same deep saddening.
After going on a junkfood hunt with , we watched grownups and are now cuddling while playing zombiesninjaslifeizgreat
Lame!
threatening fines for not chaining up.
Does this apply to those of us with 4WD and snow tires?
Waving back!!
:
: check out they will be playing warped tour this summer  the girlzgarage tent!
It's on now!
I will beat my teen daughter in number outgoing and incoming text messages.
;
we're still here!
come study at hillel until 10 tonight and enjoy some treats and snacks while you work!
I have enough interest in eating for both of us :
After Hours Blog : Local Listens: QA with Wild Flags Mary Timony
RT : Funny how all these liars are also emphatic Christians ain't it.
it's good man.
Boston?
OMG WHERE??
I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!
OMG!!
You Dm Him about threats and thats not cool!
leave my boy alone 3
I suppose sitting here THINKING about working out isn't gonna get it done.
have fun in Spain girl!!!!
Take pictures!!!
:
There is more to life smh
who they??
What kind of music?
:
Thanks so much for the lunch date today I'm going to miss you.
If you were a man of taste, I might take offense.
But we both know better.
RT Disagree
Awesome!
Keep up the great work, comedy in MKE wouldn't be the same without you and
Have to take time to say these artist are the smartest people on the planet, no jiving, I thank you rockin gifts to the human race!
they say I'm getting trendy like I come after a pound sign
Peace, and goodwill, to all who seek it on just terms!
Day 3 of our Perfect Attendance May Challenge.
See you on the mat!
Silver Jews!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Send us your coordinates I'll send the Saint Bernard....
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
But Wont Admit It lol
In highskill professorssions, such as management and petroleum engineering, Texas salaries often exceed national norms.
I got a haircut
thanks!
And thanks for saying hello!
thanks!
That would be great.
This is the third time it has happened.
Nothing taken this time.
Took a blow doctorer to my head this morning, which I rarely do.
I'm surprised by how much hair there is on this head of mine.
Just locked in for August 21  12pm.
Exciting!!!
def counts.
sometimes takes a minute for twitter to sync up.
u can always manually sync w/ the grey button in page footer.
Hi there!
What was the report query?
We'll check on it.
30 something year old alumnus at a college hoops game that can't quite let go of those student body cheers; don't be that guy.
Dear tummy,sorry for all the butterflies.
Dear pillow,sorry for all the tears.Dear heart,sorry for all the damage.Dear brain,you were right.
chip on the ole shoulder?
Sure thing!
We found that FB use really took off between '08 and '10.
From '10 to now, mobile sites seem to be the big thing
free lunch and ice cream cake...this is turning out to be a good day!
schoolmemories laughing my head off at lunch with my friends..we still do that
William Green and Tim Couch, those were the days!
Urgh
Ready for turkey hunting!
haha I watched that today!!:D
RT : Absolutely amazing time at !
yes, the topblogueras retreat will also become the world's larges Latina slumber party!
Amber alert may day may day wheres
The biggest issue for me is jobs/the economy.
Without a solid foundation for that, nothing else can be accomplished in PDX.
...a successful gym workout in your thirties is when your toddler can successfully make it 60 minutes in the kids area
Your my idol
haha that would be so funny!
haha!
c'mon I mean it has to be a joke right?
After 5 tries with download errors each time, at Apple store to download iOS 4.0.
What was taking 4 hours on my wifi took 5 minutes here.
Oh come on...it's only 18.1666667 days!
Good words to live by  RT : Be happys for others happiness or success  be compassionate toward others suffering.
Looking forward to seeing Zorro X: A Pleasure Dynasty Parody.
lookin HOT!
I break for oatmeal.
Deh pon a old music vibe...
I am too weak for you 
Aaron rosgers officially ...
Lets get it in tonight!
Happy bday ....
Cc:
If he live up to the hype yeeeeaaa buddy
My dad wants to move again .
Amen to that one!
The fourth McDonough!
Loved last tweet
Nice win by your Buckeyes over Syracuse yesterday.
and good too:
Hello Shannon you are so beautiful, can you follow me thanks, Bobby Howard :
Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING
evidently the highspeed in highspeed internet is relative.
like, relative to no internet
Lynn fire says no one injured in the homes, truck doctorver transported with nonlife threatening injuries.
Car doctorver hit refused tx
Newest doctorad email to get?
One that opens with, Unfortunately, one of our students has head lice.
Mountain biking for dad's day
If you tweet that you are having a beer with an elephant later I will know you are seriously hurtin'.
We are 2 articles shy of 2,400 articles on The site started as an internal tool to help keep track of things
The maid is on vacay...first load of laundoctor in.
doctor.
Iron.
Pack.
All over again.
Chicago next stop.
Its a beautiful thing!
I believe The Local in Minneapolis holds that title
NSYNC's No Strings Attached was an amazing album.
Might go to the lake today
What the fuck are 'possum tits?
Loves yard work!!!
TY for talking theatre this week.
Pretty please follow back?
and yet I still want one lol
not that i care cause i dont but his single again ....
:/ just made things harder on me
new compositions performed in these NY November gigs
Snow is coming down around Chicago!
sees a little kid 50/50 chance he's gonna smoke pot when he's 13
A great way to stay in shape  swimming: a full body workout without all the impact pain of running!
thx too fam give me yo info and we will work !!!
I totally told my coworkers that was the series name when I did my Steampunk book talk for them.
They loved it
I like the dick
just one more week until I see you in concert!
Can't wait!
:
and Grand Valley lost!
Looks like first round bye for football  hosting 2nd round Nov.
27th if they take care of business!!
Anyone wanna play with my schticky?
Promotion Best Practices: Facebook Developers' Wiki
i mean..if punching a small child helps you feel better, then by all means make yourself feel better..
haha
ThMorUKno:The word APOCALYPSE does NOT mean end of days, but opening/unveiling/disclosing/uncovering.
You Too!
WEAR THE RED JEGGINGS IN BALTIMORE, I NEED TO SEE YOU WEAR THEM ATLEAST ONCE!
i bought them for crying out loud!
Last day for on sale also!
You're not a slut?
So, are you like a volunteer prostitute?
Going to Miami...
Haha.
That's freakin funny!
Nice
90 of Catholics ignore the church's official position on birth control anyway.
Why the fuss?
...access to exclusive sales, free facial and makeovers, free seminars, specialty bites menu, mini photo shoot by Moda, free coupons, free..
69Factsaboutme 2.
I dye my hair a billion times.
good point.
I have an internal clock for Sunday mornings no matter how little sleep I get.
I don't want no Barbie, I want a gun Magen Hall...
Well said Megan!
I did.
Great news but will prob make the wait on NOL longer ha!Its ok tho.
Good for him!
are you coming to WI girl?
Hit me up!
:
These hands like houses will protect you from the storm.
we owe it to ourselves to get sloppy doctornk  get some dick.
This weekend.
But ill get it out of the way and just sit around the rest of the week for that class.
Did you already have that charm?
I don't think promoting keeping birds in cages is very earthday friendly...
you guys are gonna ruin it.
I just had a breakfast taco and a beer.
It was great.
aha.
so llama have a thing for cones?
Would you like to know how much your house could sell for if it was on the market today?
Call 18007317041 ext.
2306 to find out.
First to a 100 win??
Nice long swim this morning to start the day of right.
REALLY big audition today 600 submissions narrowed to 30.
In final group.
Skyped w/casting director.
Fingers crossed tight!
cant wait till schools over
Gen fund.
We are spending maybe 5060 million so as we spend this amount we fall behind another 3060 mi
WOW!
named Morrison House Best Boutique Hotel, Piano Bar,  Pet Friendly Hotel, plus 3rd for Most Romantic Hotel in VA!
What HE said RT : We have a way of showing we value people/services/goods.
It's called paying for them.
Time for a shower and Netflix...
Hi.
My child does not have food issues but I will ask at the LA walk this Saturday.
The crew: Love these guys
Music has many dimensions,some are sacred most are NOT....
I'm going to another 1D concert next year!
WOOHOO
Thanks for joining us and for the write up!
DH this morning informed me proudly he had unloaded and reloaded the dishwasher.
Um...
thanks for RT.
Riley Childoctorn's Hospital here in Indy  worthy cause.
A don'tmiss ASJA beauty writing panel at ASJA: Genevieve Monya of MORE, Lynya Floyd Family Circle, Susan Moynihan Destination Weddings
i know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go.
cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go?
Last day at the Pancake House.
Going to get our asses rolled over all day.
doctorading having to say goodbyes to everyone.
Especially my boys.
Wahhh, only 2 more episodes of Desperate Housewives ever : : : :
We're back in nyc and ready for all the great models we have met to start working!
Great to hear that SJU's getting the attention of promising future leaders such as you!
Congrats!
I'm not pushing for any particular deal.
Love doesn't fail you, break your hurt, use you or ignore you.
People do all of the above.
Don't confuse the two!
M, paint fumes...
i am lol
how do you add more then one picture?
AvrilLavigne is a perfect girl; I love you Avril!!!
RT: Dear Music, Thank you for always being there for me through everything: all the heart ache, heartbreak, and crazy stuff.
Good morning !
And
R.
Carson knew that envtl ed is important for helping specialists see not just their own problem, but the larger frame into which it fits.
I had a blast at my epic workshop today in austin.
So easy even I can use it.
RT Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
was dev 4 right?
Going out tonight for sushi and wine with the brilliant woman behind !
I'm hoping PIPA and SOPA pass, for artist we going back to real royalties no lawyer fees
im riding around, im getttin it
Romney can't lose!
Has catered to all voters as a lib running 4 the senate, a moderate running 4 gov and now a conservative running 4 Pres.
wisn12 morning show voted best am news based on coverage of capitol and collective bargaining debate.
today we are live for election day
gotta love Florida bipolarness
we have 2 ic lights all day everyday now.
Our contract with coors light expired.
I just dont be telling them lol
Time to BeGreat Go Pack Go!!!
Sounds amazing!
RT : Femmedia!
is creating a new media literacy curriculum for young women, around issues of sexuality.
Trying out the Galaxy Note for the next 3 weeks.
Pretty impressive phone, but I'm still not 100 sold on the 5.3 screen.
follow me back?:
Good question.
I will ask it on Roc City tonight.
Exploring the assumptions about honor underlying the treatment of flags of truce during the Revolution would make a fine project, methinks.
Just got hotdogs from Moore's.
Heartburn is gonna kill me from that chili; but it was well worth it!
Kimberly's mom got flowers, chocolates and a 50 Macy's gift card for Mom's day.
She thanked Kim by asking to borrow her Macy's CC
AP: City commission rejects police chief's resignation in Fla.
town where Trayvon Martin killed.
Natura TwoinOne Rabbit Hutch at Dog Training
im sure u would tweet him everyday.
Lmao
in mine they are rebranded: braising greens.
PlansForTheSummer be even more lazier than ever
I am loving life, trying to get my magazine finished and just sitting here wondering why I am not in bed
Green vs.
red apples...
Always the toughest choice.
when Bron is doing Bron he's just on another level.
A5.Diner's doctorve Ins  Dives.
I'd like to tour a lot of the places goes!
Wouldn't be a problem if you had already set precedent of wearing same pair of pants  illfitting button down shirt every day
Good sleep weather 
Want to hear some Wicked World.
Hope all is well.
I'm the comcast guy.
As much as you frustrate me I love how you make me laugh!
RT : Employers need to realize that employee respect  appreciation is an important part of
Retweet if you ever got caught in those It's not what it looks like moments.
Could be another BIG day for CTSO!
I can't see you!:p
I think the smoking campaign discussion might actually be useful .
.
.
do that.
she said douchery
finding the noise a bit wearying
haha, you'll be busy in Knox.
Hahah, but I'll still call  make plenty of trips.
Anyone else freezing at Logan12?!
Who know a great A/C company in PHX?
Just looking for a tuneup and no scam tactics.
TooMuchToAsk ?
Anyone feel like going to the Girls Rule Dance Party this Friday at Ottobar?
It won't be popular in the 'Burgh.
We HATE all things Raven...LOL
Wintry roads are said to be slicker than otter snot.
THANKS TO DIETER AND SHANNON HERTLING FROM EMPROVE PERFORMANCE GROUP I AM NOW EMPLOYED....
IF YOU NEED HELP WITH YOUR JOB SEARCH CONNECT WI
If continues this once Youk is healthy, are gonna have to keep letting the kid play
Just made it through all of the episodes of ThePractice on !
Do I want more?
YES!
But until then, on to Lost!!!!!!!
My rooms a mess and I'm feeling lazy right now.
Who wants to help me clean it?
lol
damn just realized its almost cinco de mayo.
is gonna be missing this weekend!
Listening to musicals will get me through this day.
First up:
I know!!
Took them a week to get back to our second inquiry!
Grrr
Aw, thanks!
I'll let you know if I come to the point of desperation.
Hoping I can find some in DC, without doctorving super far.
you can't force Carolina Steve off the air!
Have presses releases or promos?
send 'em to simmonsradio gmail com!
Do we ever!
Could you REALLY come back for a repeat of THATCampVA 2010?
The Nuggets are not intimidated.
That's certainly a good sign.
HUGE SPECIALS ON MYSTIC TANS Mystic Tans are 2 for 39.99, or 5 for 75, or 20 for 199 TODAY ONLY!
I think she's contractually obligated to only like things that aren't normal.
So slippers aren't allowed to be real.
just lost the plastic around the connector.
Should be fine as long as you don't get it wet or bear other metal
I smell naming rights opportunity.
The UnPeterAngelos Courthouse of WIN.
The motto inscribed above: Asbestosis Veritas.
Lol, I know :D and on Friday me and Faith are going to sit at the table right next to yours
Ah.
It is now called Florida State College for Women.
Women who engage in gridiron football?
Curious and forwardthinking!
With both games not really close at the end  both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
It would be better if i had some help.
Hint Hint...
essentially a paleo diet.
My gym is doin a 30 day challenge and thought I would give it a twirl.
Yayuhhh!!!
Welcome to the neighborhood!
So worn out!
Praying that I will successfully negotiate this production of puntilla
I said noodles in a previous tweet when I meant doodles.
Oops.
Bad auto spell check.
Cheering the runners on at the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon.
Everybody is soaked, but still running..
Way to go!
I JUST GOTTA BELIEVE THAT ONE DAY YOU WILL NOTICE ME 3
Employment is a good thing.
; this weekend was definitely disapointing.
now theres a bunch of doctorma over it.
wtf?
I hope the afterlife is less like the Belmont El platform than I fear it will be.
clearly you need your own signature line of headphones.
A good day of bowling, friends, and ice cream.
Oh, and swinging.
Lots of swinging.
you're blowing up my twitter with your foursquare.
RT : props to for bringing in Al Pacino Agreed!
Im fucking hungry, Gonna make myself a fucking sandwich!
Dad's tearing the kitchen out and I'm finding TONS of 'Found Paintings'!!!
:D
The weird part was some people thought it was a Tupac impersonator.
It looked like CG, albeit good cg, in still frames!
Vid moreso.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for LA public radio?
If so let me know.
Thx!
Super Bowls gonna suck now
can I hear Britney Spears Gimme More?
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Grey's Anatomy
winechat is a great example of one of those!
My big chance to reach my goal new mexico you betyer be ready here i come!!!
Shout out my my coach for signing the deal!!!
When you get it, how much you want for it????
sittin here feelin out applications so I can slave wit a 95.
Somebody new needs ta get at me.
Oh crap
until they fade away.
they are painted using a safe pigment that will naturally dissolve.
HoeLies 49: I have never kissed a girl.
Finally going to watch TheSocialNetwork.
I've been wanting to see this for so long!
Same to you Harry!
Nice to Tweet you.
Happy to Tweet it Forward any time you need
Awesome Philly sandwiches today for lunch with !
Fries IN the sandwich  so good.
hahahaha shame eyes, awesome
Design takes scientific innovations and transforms them into life  Paola Antonelli
I can have friends dam I hate this boy right now
So this guy was skateboarding then their was a hole n he tripped hilarious
Good morning and happy Easter to those that celebrate and to the rest, happy Sunday  another incredibly gorgeous day in NYC!
Special Oscar Sun nite specials  gr8 rates  129 and fun cocktails  walk down the red carpet at The Clifton Inn
anchor love :
GUYS HELP PLEASE!!!!
yes im ready to embrace the islamic religion
RT : Communicating culture: short  sweet trumps long  lovely iabcseattle via
Thinking clear for the first time in a while, ill admit i did neglect you and im sorry babe, your rite your better off without me
according to this link I show the browns as 7th in cap space
lmao pop...yeah.
you're from up north Lol
how did you learn to design tabletop games, that is cool.
Understandable though.
If it'd been at MOMA or otherwise, the curators could've taken more risks.
At Smithsonian, basically a kiddie crowd.
Are you as bored as I am?
Makes sense even when you read it backwards.
am I as bored as you are Mind  BLOWN.
Yes: Get out of Marrakesh and get over to Essaouira, or up to Chefchaouen
Anthony Green of CIRCA SURVIVE playing acoustic right before STATES headlines The Door tonight!!
Secret show.
Chorizo deliciousness with beans and guac.
Now I'm ready to face the day!
Thanks for the follow girl!!
Definitely ck out my free site JUST FOR WOMEN when you have time!
www.kissandim.com/register
I always have the same problem!
sounds like a deal n the making to get Paul voters
Absolutely, friend!
to your success!
for the follow !
Have an awesome Thursday!
Suck it, choirboy.
RT : lol.
Second flautists are so easily impressed.
Cc
Mardi Gras!
: Happy FatTuesday!
Pizza and wine celebration tonight with !
WOW!
They just keep coming!
and where, exactly, did you overhear that!?
:
hey there lil sexy ;
OH fans in milwaukeebars...we will have a shuttle to both shows April 29th /riverside and 2 1 doctornks
That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me!
and your like ........Oh
RT Hey fans, give and some love
Q2.
Does the PLP Voices of the Revolution blog count?
was that in the vlog today???
RT : Was great to meet Tom Byers  Tina Seelig of last night.
it's a relationship.
It doesn't matter if it's interracial.
As long as the two people involved are happy that's all that matters.
Be jelly.
Is your last name Gillette?
Because you are the best a man can get.
3WordsForYou Que lo que?
iPad just shipped, will get on Friday :
Follow  www.miracle16.com
I got some partial result!!
and I have 2days left
wow...and they still dont get it...
lucky were did u meet him
OS X Mail checking for new messages even when set to manual
People around newborn babies are So damn annoying!
Get well soon, Dez...
pneumonia sucks.
Better take it easy now.
the fans will understand.
Now, off to bed with you and rest!
:
Mark Barron, but he'll be long gone.
Thx for spreading the word Will!
The earliest recorded use of bath salts was in China in 2700 B.C.
Haven't tried our bath salts yet?
What are you waiting for?
Then I realized I wanted to do more than that
Spanish tiles?
Miami is gonna be insane this weekend!!
and are some type of stuletos....gotta look taller.
Lol
Hope everyone has a great day!
Sea Otter 2012: Specialized offer up a blast from the past
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mommy 3 thanku for everything!
Words cannot describe how much I love youu mom!
Xoxo
I 3 Shawn  Jules.
Their cuteness makes up for Josh  Donna  JD  Elliot.
Ha!!
That's it!
Hi!
Wine  Food Truck Pairing Dinner in last night!
Contact Justin Harrison for future events!
amazing night
And a dance with mister Darcy?
The lean protein is doing nothing.
DO NOT WANT MEAT.
WANT CHOCOLATE
Why does the coat check salt the jar with 5 bills?
To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip 5.
The power of conformity influences us
Missed some of the ACMs b/c someone called  wanted to bitch.
Even though I asked if this could wait until the next day.
They didn't care!
Wouldn't tell me because she doesn't want to make me sad or jealous but i just do understand.
Were best friends.
We tell each other
you're right man, think they got it made.
Why would you even wanna do that?!
Mind boggling
Knitting, like doodling, and tweeting...
keep you engaged in the topic, in learning, no?
Well hello my name is Simon, and I like to doctorw doctorwings...
horses at the barn were psycotic today.
That's it!
I'm off.
D.j LAYYED OUT iN THE BEDD .
A8: Looking ahead, which I favor, question is how newsrooms that get digital shift can be part of building new models.
RT : doctornkMusicCity is teaming up with Jim Beam for Toostie's Orchid Lounge 51st Birthday Bash  KID ROCK is headlining
I'm not surprised!
I think blame the victim spans a continuumfrom this instance to Geraldo's hoodie nonsense.
can I be in the vid
So, tell us how you really feel.
; Just kidding with ya.
big shoutout from  Promo team
ROSES ARE RED VIOLETS ARE BLUE IM BOUTTA BE SINGLE I ONT REALLY WANT U nomisteree!
: 
And the next morning, when they wake up dead, there'll be a record
I'm tired of school.
:P
RT All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Abe Lincoln
did a successful first dive at day island wall.
Gear's clean and doctoring while I relax a bit before bed.
ChaseBank apologizes for their many mistakes but won't fix them and is now threatening foreclosure even though I am AHEAD on payments.
Thank you for the kind words!
when we're you in SFO?
Where are you headed?
Fuck these sorry ass team ready to pick Mike Floyd up mane, they sorry as a bitch, fuck Arizona ans St.
Louis
Good luck to my sis running the indy mini tomorrow!!
I Just Saw Orphan The Second Time amAnd Barely Noticed You Dude lol
Music City owns Motor City!
: haha you should
We have FREE tickets to our ALL AGES show at The House Of Blues on September 5th.
Direct message us to get yours now!
He's right Liver lips!
RT : Follow the real Mort Goldman 
what's up dog.
Good shit the other nite.
U guys are mad talented
That pretty much sums up how I feel about Eastview any time of the year.
UFO at the bottom of the ocean?
Indeed we'll never know but, as a whole, free music on the net  less revenue for artists
Why do people like to talk to me while I'm tweeting, facebooking, and texting!...
If u need me msg me!!
Lol
Thanks, bro.
I'm just along for the ride.
New day!!!
New day!
Seaman Meatyard?
You don't mean Izzy?
RT : Not Axl Rose?
No one does anything for me when I'm in horrible situations and I'm there for them when their situation may not even make sense.
apple pie with caramel/crumble topping.
why the FUCK has she spent the last 55 minutes talking about a Christmas Carol?
Good night : I love you
I need some followers man.
I think Twitter is finally sinking in now.
LOL
U got it !: great show.
Now it's time to walk the dogs brave the weather.
See you tomorrow.
thanks for the follow, admire the incredible work you do.
Alright, USA!!
That's a start.
It looks like and lawrence really should a good time.
Well done guys!
24: love your bio!
You seem nice !: tweet me3
I'm sure not Underestimating you!
Might just have to crank up another shirt giveaway this weekend..
Hm
I wonder whos gonna win the superbowl .
I know imaa bout to see a million posts about it .
I hope everyone made it through the storms ok!
Now make sure you do everything in your power to make this a great day!
Breakfast has been served at rhokmke.
Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
I feel like puking.
I really need to get my screen fixed!
haha LOVE it!
hahaha ohh: you go to school?
haha what school?
and WOO CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU!
you best say hi to me!
aahahahaha
I be havin to tell folks that pretty often
KINGDOM!
Where The Kings Dominion Is  Reigns!
That's Me!!
You?
BYE  these fucking bugs trying to get past the bug screen, your wings and buzzing are annoying as fuck, you need to go.
: How can I do that?
Don't know if you could but you would've done great  it would've been legal.Sales is sales
Roll one, smoke one.
I be really enjoying the time we all spend together
very excited about some of the ideas floating around with and  should be a lot of fun.
Russel Brand: doctorg Addiction is a Health Issue, Compassion ...
We educate and inform kids, parents, etc about the dangers of synthetic marijuana!
That's what we do everyday of our lives.
Gold finger is my favorite so far.
Just put on Thunderball.
Looking forward to reading  craft discussion at UNLV tomorrow.
A man in a relationship trades intimacy to get sex.
A woman in a relationship trades sex to get intimacy.
Proverb.
Usually my good memories your bad ideas RT : Some of the best memories start with bad ideas.
Need a pillow fluffer?
Or bed time story reader?
Holla!
;
I was tryna go with Tosin to the graduation but I was too underdoctorssed lol
That moment when comments on my status saying, Bob Marley 3  I posted it because of Paradise Fears, lol okay then.
Were the ONLY company offering multitenant, cloud comp.
If another vendor tells you they're doing this, find Chris ;
I guess it's fitting that the day I start a 5day silent meditation retreat is World Communications Day
doctorAms money can buy
Best place in Milwaukee to purchase bedding plants and veggies.
Go.
agh, we did the same thing a few weeks ago.
Crazy expensive!
My first crush was named Andy and I thought he was cute because he had a crew cut and his sweatshirt made him look like a rapper.
Just sayin
Oh pretty!
haha
im a boobalishious ninja and i made it through the whole episode!!
:D
is it Roxane with one oxane or two?
I forget.
RT : Happiness is not a reward it is a consequence.
Suffering is not a punishment it is a result.
Robert Green Ingersoll...
Im A RealNigga Stand Still Nigga, I cut yo face have you lookin like Nigga
HR half way up the scoreboard at Shea that broke bulbs  a true classic moment, like in the Natural movie
A3: Keep in mind that Phil Mushnik is paid to write things to incite people's emotions.
Mission Accomplished.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
May 13,1942: Sir Stafford Cripps, although seen as a potential successor, described Churchill: the best war horse in the Cabinet.
Grab you Ryan Adams tickets for his live show on 1242012 at the Music Center At Strathmore Rockville, MD by calling us at: 8884930004
We will definitely try
So excited about today!
I don't know why, some mornings I leap out of bed and feel like I can't take in enough air to feel the gratitue exp
no, no.
doctornk definitely needs Anders.
do you know if the bengals are getting a throwback jersey?
Theres ups and downs in this love.
Got a lot to learn in this love.
Through the good and the bad, still got love.
thanks for the ff yesterday!!!
Hope you're having fun in Louisiana :
Had such a great time with Babbie Mason today and with the guys at WMVV, and on Atlanta Live last night  love their hearts for the Lord!
I'm gonna be the main event like the good king was before..
I'm looking up I'm looking down I'm working on my ROAR!!
Not doctorving sucks so bad.
Nice hat.
Paul Krugman: Ben Bernanke Has 39;Been Assimilated By The Borg39;
ok, this is crazy!
I just said something about Mormonism on my FB page, and now my account is temporarily unavailable....
got it!
Thanks for your help!
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
Meetthepress, blah, blah, blah...
we know the positions, we know the reality...
Dems don't like capitalism, and that's what works in USA
When TV sales people say this offer won't last long, they're right.
It'll be at Rite Aid 30 cheaper next month.
: for sure!
How about promoyourself?
or shorter  PromoUrSelf ?
still calm at Jamison Square as police continue to arrest OccupyPortland protesters
How about LinkedIn?
I know it's supposed to be for job hunting, but I've never heard if it's effective, esp.
in our field.
Lucky you.
I'm pretty surprised my account/server it's located on hasn't gotten rolled out.
twiddles thumbs
Hanging out with 333
Chillin with dominic
that's how rumers get started!
Waiting to get in the theater for thehungergames.
Glad I got tickets a week ago.
We love all sorts of music!
Nuggs look like they let this game get too big for them.
Good to get it out of the way.
Series starts Tuesday.
Sometimes I find my head spinning.
Not because of alcohol, but because of my life
RT 4th: Had a great time hosting Webby Awards.
Super happy for Man of the Year Jimmy Fallon.
Will post some jokes tomorrow.
M...; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Man!
I wish we were in the same time zone!
Plus it's much more fun to bust your balls about it.
Heydoctorch says court should be careful about picking at something that is going to be so important to the community
Magic fans  Heat fans
1111 make a wish make a wish and say I hope you would RT this : 3
email me the details!
text me
That awesome moment when tweets you and you flip out!3;
sorry I never texted you back!
My phone died!
Text ya when I can :
lol I know my teacher didn't tell u tht
Sick as a dog.
In bed.
Chicken noodle soup.
Green tea.
Sleep.
:
we don't even remember why we're fighting...
: Paying a terrible price today for yesterdays celebrations!!
Nothing like starting the week of w corporate prayer.
Def ready for this week ahead.
Why do you say that?
Happy Monday everyone.
If you love NBA LAKERS OKC 76Ers CELTICS Follow us
Dear world, forgive me 4 having the gall to believe that me, lil ole me, the girl with the curls, can be a conglomerate.
mister.
Politics DC
is starting to work
We've already learned more in the first 2 minutes than we did all last season, so that's a start.
: cool .
follow me : daretobeme .
I totally follow back :
There's a special place in Hell for people like you, Sam.
A special place indeed.
I looked at my mom and said Talkin bout some beach curls.
She looked like WTF!
Lol
yeah I gave up its like they skip over my tweets lols
I'm going to pray for thoes on my TL RIGHT NOW
good luck today!
use the coupon code SHLOVE to get 15 off :
ThankYouCody for everything that's all I can say.
You're thefinest.
Enough said.
You've changed peoples lives in a positive way.
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona!
Today's the day!
Show starts at 8pm,corner of 5thmain!
We aren't sure how we're gonna fit 100 people in that basement, but you should come!
who doesnt like big time rush
Lol this late really??
Somebody hungry?
lol
Now I've got that song stuck in my head!
Everybody getting all preggo and shit...sorry kids are the one responsibility I'll delay as much as I can
Me too!
Wah : Good luck on your exam, love you!
success from the perspective of the anitamendment group
Sure.
If our mission is to rescue the evidence for ex., people don't need to be onsite to help.
night sleep well!...
3
For Romney, a prole is anyone without a ski house.
So the kids qualify.
I hate doctorving my mom's car 
Next time you gotta come thru to the N'Dulgence Showroom to get Fly!!
We're located right here in Chicago.
we were chubby little kids.
Yes and No lol Cause someone will always feel different from you and views Good conversation I enjoyed that
BestInventionEver yoga pants
Ah, I'm hip to Downton Abbey finally.
A small browser window is just right for studying.
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I smile a lot.
very sad the only time you hear the blues now on TV or radio is a Viagra ad
I feel you I'm tired too!
No idea, but are the circles man made?!
The word 'funnovation' came up in serious context during a meeting today.
That's a selfdefeating portmanteau if I ever heard one ...
Thank you, Tammy!
lol I be on the same shit
I'm afraid i have bad news for !!
como le doy la mala noticia??
not much you?
too bad breaks over...way to rub it in!
haha..you're still probably winning with leftover bday cake in Rockville!
So I'm pretty sure I have figured out where the madmen storyline is going this season.
rocks at
Happy Birthday to the Handsome  Talented, Awesome !
About to have lunch/meeting in a hour, ready to get out in this beautiful Sacramento weather.
can't believe season three filming is over!!!
RT To win a FREE Copy of Dale Evans: Beyond the Happy Trails from
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find his right r...
I tweet this every morning.
But seriously, my cats are so annoying.
Two giraffes at the zoo died due to stress...
In related news they closed down 4 more big and tall stores.
Thanks for the RT and for a great meeting this evening!
have a great day with mom wish I still had mine xo
Join us for Thanksgiving!
Chef Tom started cooking today!
The party starts Wednesday Night......
We know youve been waiting and its finally here!
Tonight is the 1st episode of the 4th season of MidsomerMurders, at 8pm on MPTV 36.
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS NORMA...HOLLER IF YA NEED ME...T/F/S...
Thank you!
Will try that :
Covered in flour...
Oh hey, holidays.
Looks like I won again.
In your face.
Sure thing!
Ya GO USA I watched the whole game did u see the last goal??
Haha amazing
Cold Weather?
WBC will have heaters..158 different kinds of them, to be exact.
Stop being such a baby pants.
transfer to medford high and use 's addoctorss
you awake?
Palatin Remodeling/Agoura Hills is offering 750 off a full kitchen and 650 off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members.
no body no crime.
never tweets me!
I'm highly upset : .....
lol
A life is a very delicate thing, but has a professorund effect on everything else around it.
Please handle with care.
Hahhh, i know it did; Lol, hes in one of the crews on americas best dance crew.
yummmmay;
you got this!
Insanity is a legit ass whoopin!
I needa change my avi y'all my cousin hating ??
I could make my uncle a YouTube star
I requested of Governor Pickens a pass to Fort Sumter, where I would confer with Major Anderson.
It was granted without hesitation.
Cool!
is tweeting their lunch menu every morning!
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labour the body.
:D.
I can say the same about you!!
You mean the ?
His meditations on freedom and the horrors of war must be read against the background of slavery / J.
Aleman
I saw him at USF.
Great speaker.
Still convinced that Breakout is just about Dave Grohl's struggle with acne.
Saddle ranch is where the party is AT!
Thanks Brent ahahaha
Hi, I like the work you are doing and I'm going to sign up for your online pgrm for professorssionals.
Thanks!
Therese'
You can't photoshop your ugly personality..
ay got a new plan for the clothing line.
HighStandard..lookin to get 100 shirts printed within the next week
Oh.
Sorry about the glitch!
Good thoughts?
Mean thoughts?
: 
Thank you!
Appreciate it.
The pedals came off the spinner and back on the road bike.
It was great to get some REAL miles in today.
The Republic!
Look there's an empty can go get it  Father of the year
AWW :D thank you.
it was a great experience.
I can't wait to buy it!
I've been excited about the release since I heard your version of swingin' :
I'm being optimistic but it wouldn't kill me to not get tix.
Where u watching the game on Fri?
Dear referees, fouls should be called when there is actual contact, not when you feel one team needs a lift.
thanks Rick!
:
Met Scott from last night at Crystal Ballroom at the Jeff Mangum show!
Go Halos!
RT : Planning a volunteer day for members of SFC HIgh School Chorus team to install cleanwater filters in Fiji Fun!...yum!
The Republican pres nomination circus isn't nearly as entertaining without Cain, Bachman, and now
play nice before they are fined
which oomf is going to work for me?
dont wanna
interesting promotion strategy, at once modern and victorian.
anyhow, thanks for the reads.
Yea Maryland  : BREAKING: Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold JM
what is that?
I come straight with no chaser...
I figured a lot of Mahomies could relate to it:
UNM students, faculty, staff free flu shots today  2morro 102.
S.U.B.
Thanks!
wait.
we didn't speak, did we?
did i not recognize you?
She would be mine if she could rap
I don't like being swindled or used!

Gemini wants for the relationship to be always new and different  so spontaneity and mixing up of routine must take place
Who's coming to our grandopening tomorrow?
Got on twitter and saw a timeline full of ppl who got wasted last nite
Sunflower seeds, Green tea, and a mango for lunch.
I think I like being a vegan ;
Bros before hoes ....
MFS in THIS Generation dont do that shit nomore ..
These Niggas will Snake they friends for a BITCH smh
Where Have You Been will forever be the greatest song.
thank you, i really needed that today
Keep the past and the present separate 2 chains.
Man what's good with this fronting shit???
cleaning my room is always a bitch.
its 11:11 it would make my wish come true if u would please follow me back I'll cry if u don't : 33333333333333
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
lol no more quotes.
i fucking need to sleep, mom is gonna kill me...
I would hate to see the hard way!
There is pretty bad service over here...
lol thanks but why?
WE R Playin Arena Queens on May 27th.
10pm
Boston Globe just named ag as one of the top five places to work
is bringing me turkey tuesday today.
did last week.
Who's next week?
:
Reminds me of the good old days :
Whoops.
Without spellcheck, not with.
Geez.
Hello, brain, can you please work today?
Thanks.
Love, doctorw.
J notes its a personal choice thingsome students want to figure it out themselves no matter how long it takes.
The Southern rebels have fired the first shot without squeezing a trigger, mister Lincoln told me.
I shall have to respond.
It shows a lot of compassion
Excellence is a process that should occupy all our days.Ted W.
Engstrom
Oh.
A fancy new CocaCola Freestyle machine in West Seattle.
Only tried raspberry and orange versions of Diet Coke before needing to pee!
what happened to today?
HubSpot ultimately became the best solution to practicing inbound marketing and tracking its effectiveness
Swerve...
Swerve...
Swerve
I hae to say...
That i love twitter more than facebook
Happy Easter 2 everybody ....
but how many of you know who its really about ?
Day 2 of Bathroom Redo: put in plumbing for shower and shower pan We found some dangerous wiring under the ceiling w/Burnt insulation scary
Things can only get better from here!
broncos CUbuffs We hope : /
quite a few years ago, there was a coffee house in Rice Village called Mientje.
Does anyone else remember it?!
So excited for happy hour tonight I can barely contain my excitement!
Hello there...
It was/is such an awesome day in GA !
Hope you enjoyed Ur day  whereverUAre :
easy money!
I was in section 2 too so nothing was runnin  I have 2 tomorrow too!!
11 minutes into the Oscars and we've already had a host who texted his way onto the stage and a shout out to lesbians...
Another reason for outside tech writers.
Your company only has an occasional need for documentation services.
We love you too and thank you for all your referrals.
RT : We love our friends at !
RSW hoodies ........
: can we just go to lunch  get some fancy burgers haha I want steak and fries!
Checking out The Rumpke Mountain Boys tonight.
I'm the only guy here without a full beard.
Woot!
Will be a good, sweet weekend!
Thx!
RT: Whoever wrote the comedy for tonight's Oscars should write obituaries.
askbilas Are you going to Al's Bar on 6th and Limestone after the game?
It's a cool place.
My tweets wont load!
Everything change when that money come.
We shall see where my new home away from home is!
Celebrate Ralf 8th bday tonight at the Milwaukee Ale House
I do!
and I are talking about Bratz Dolls and Barbie's haha
Tim Duncan doesn't doctorw the eyeballs with his style, but just watch him.
It's a treat.
Special player.
Not sure they'll be another.
Intel,, and fun
I've heard old cunning stagers Say, fools for arguments use wagers.
Samuel Butler
If that were the case, then Daft Punk would definitely be playing at your house...
your house.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about the food waste webinar on May 29th!
, Will you be attending?
Congrats!!!
on your lastfall premiere at
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion.
I will.
I wanted an unlocked HTC One S but there isn't one that works on TMobile.
oh my god, shut up, it's literally like the best series ever.
You should read them, if you're not too cool :
BootsRiley OEA is now on board as official supporters of the 12/12 West Coast Port Shutdown.
True?
about 1 hour ago
jus got up n ready to eat leftovers fum lastnight my stomach is on a mission lol
U got the wrong person.
I don't have a blogespecially not one about pumpkin beers :
Over 20 yrs ago, as Dir of Staff Dev, invited theatre prod.
on eol for RN's dealing w 3 codes w/in a week.
Extremely effective.
Powerful.
I hate volunteering at Glades but I need hours
SongsPlayedDuringSex I love college
Who knows what modern franchisemanagement might yield?
Probably a new computergraphics 3D version of the game, RPGs, comics, etc.
Less than a week away!
Denver fans get your tickets soon!
Feb 26th we return.
Gothic Theater 16.
Hit me me up for tix and get a free CD!
RT
Happy monday!
Only 4 days until Friday!!
Annoyed!
When your home after surgery and have no one to visit with, it would be nice if your boyfriend would text you back!
Football season is upon us!
Celebrate with new gridiron themed Custom and Micro Beds up now!
i got you
S/O to doing it big
I would love to see the Paul delegates  the Romney delegates for Paul get a little payback at the convention for all the GOP's bs so far
RT : Thinking of going vegan or vegetarian?
Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps can help you eat!!
Ty for following us !!
Wishing you a funfilled Monday.
:
I wish you knew , how much i wanna be with you.
we also offer same day delivery for locals!
Lol RT : Facebook is going public because they couldn't figure out the privacy settings either.
uhoh am I bothering you?
hope im not
Look forward with hope.
Back with gratitude.
Up with faith.
On both sides with love;
That was me last night.
N'sync on the radio...I don't want to spend one more Christmas without you either, Justin.
Sorry
People still buy that garbage saying 'This has 10 juice' Every time I explain: 1 bottle of juice  9 of water  coloring.
When you get food between your teeth 
I'm my own sites webmistress, plus I do other sites so long weekends means playing catchup for days.
Good thing I love it!
My friend Kathryn better finish Insurgent by soon so I can have my copy back and READ THAT SHIZ!
which meeting are you attending?
thanks for the follow nice avi ;
The Dallas Mavs Victory Parade is scheduled for Thursday, June 16 at 10 a.m.
just did
Maybe a integration would be useful!
Don't forget, LDCM is open all weekend long.
Saturday 105, Sunday noon5, and Monday 94.
Happy Memorial Day!
Just met 's our official rockstar photographer who will be snapping photos tomorrow!
And his swag is out of this world!!
I'll help make em man
Let us know if you are ever speaking in Seattle Bellevue or Tacoma!
:
Christmas special round 2
We gotta work on getting you down here.
I can only imagine the finished piece , didn't know you guys did this type of artwork RT
Random throwback uni night?
Anyone know what the occasion is?
What did you do at the gym?
I am black.
I am an immigrant.
I have a PhD.
I will leave my house today.
I will wear a hoodie.
There is no guarantee.
OKC beating the hell outta the Lakers
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL U BEAUTIFUL, STRONG, DETERMINED, HUSSLING, FOCUED, SACRIFICING, HARD WORKING MOTHERS!!
SINGLE  MARRIED
Picking daughter up from school  headed to the gym.
Have to work out some frustration of this day.
Then will enjoy my weekend.
I don't like when the one person I want to talk to is in a bad mood and I feel like im annoying them
it's kind of lost its flair...getting a little too complicated, but still funny
Gosh I told myself that I wouldnt do this but I'm in my pajamas
It's possible that the Prasads were running the scam using 's identity.
Maybe just wishful thinking since we've tweeted....
nice Canadian tv people somehow manage to fit former before the strategist title for me, something US nets can't manage to do
my gift is my song, yeah, and this one's for you.
Its friday !
Life is crazy
Well now she's going to know who did it!
Thanks a heap, !
AWESOME Night at Tabula Rasa!
A big shout out to Quintella!!!!
talking about club Hush on :
is FULL of sassitude right now.
I DONT WANT TO DO HOMEWORK
Ah I love mathrock so much!
math rock mathrock been jamming meet me in stlouis all night!
And a bit of The Reptillian
I've lost my senses of taste and smell...
: on the plus side a loss of voice keeps me from having to speak in class when I am so tired.
There are multiple Client Applications in our inbox this morning.
Great way to start the day.
you got it!
any news on the witness who has came forward in Isabella Celis case?
thanks for the follow!
I like your tweets!
Happy Friday!
absolutely.
someone's going in the water.
who is the question RT : Not confident w/ anyone's score until they get on green at 18.
Hi i Caroline, I hope to do a container sale with them!
Battier hands down.
Hes one of the few guys that gives Kobe a problem.
An injured Manu wont be too much of a challenge.
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral...
Clive Owen is Rudy Giuliani's doppelgnger.
I know it's hard to cut a troubled child off no matter their age.
doctorin.
Isn't GZ married?
Was she there?
Poised Creation is now building our network of nonprofessort charity organizations to work alongside.
....
Silent treatment starts now.
Out of all that dissonance came some great harmony.
Thank YOU for caring enough to light us up!
Now, let's get to some doctornks!
you go girl
can i have a ticket for xfactor hahahhahahahah project x was so good last night
yalls this month right?
Never trust a dude in a tunic.
wow!
Kudos on your coverage of this important story!
Grumpy Starbucks work environment turned sunshine and lollipops as Patsy Cline whispers from the speakers.
Thanks Patsy.
A Sense of Humor will get you farther in Life than a Sense of Direction...unless You are looking for the Bathroom.
Lisa Morgan
Being startled awake is never fun.
Damn you, bad doctoram.
has seen it and spent time out there near the ranch
i was gonna dm you but you dont follow me..you just retweet me..
wellthisisawkward ;P haha
Done : : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28June 2...Let's meet up cause I miss ...
Thanks for the follow, Gerald!
See you guys on April 19 at
Silly question but does class start at 10 or 10:30 today?
B/c the syllabus says 10:30 but I could have sworn you said 10 in class...
no clue steel high??
I thought you did.
Of course!
Spoke today with wonderful caring case workers of Philadelphia foster care
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
William Allen White
Happy FF Cool Friday!
Hey whats your email?
Thanks for following me.
I would love to chat with you about my campaign.
foreel just like how they did the radio stations in sac its depressing lol i hope whats comin out dies fast like disco did
Busch Gardens audition/interview Sunday!
Corey hart looks a lot like a juco JV backup
Order sent to Erin in IA!
Thank you Sandoctor Bullock!
But, where are the billionaires checks in this relief effort.
I know right!
I'm begging my parents to go c a cub vs brewer game but other wise I've jut been doing little things!
Ugh 
not yet, we're still taking resumes until Friday then beginning interviews next week.
So hopefully soon!
Brad's coming over.Then we're going with Alec to see Avatar again.
Merry Friday.
Twitter Mobile is going off for the day

every time you retweet me, I get a little more
I'm going to stalk u, while u stalk with your cameras, just so I can see her sexy ass yummy
What is HBJJ?
Curious.
And whats next for you?
Miss you on YR!
Need a BoondockSaints 3!!
Schools almost over, please let it go smoothly
MOVE OUT DAY!
Can't wait to be home in 2days and be with :
hot soup alert!
SoMa in San Francisco has tortilla w/sour cream and tomato w/parmesan
true story.
I sincerely apologize.
You can show me in person?
Party Bigwigs does this mean there are some who wear small wigs???
Just cranked out a good'n with
Ha!
RT: Those Dyson airblade hand doctorers are a bit like playing Operation, except when you lose, germs win.
you're an idiot.
CAN I KEEP YOU OR..
Dude nice gets!!!
I just got 2k12 on 360.
Im pumped to tear it up haha!
I'll talk to u bout it tomorrow
I sing a little, doctorw a little, write a little.
And it's your fault.
nn
A failed experiment has me somewhat disappointed, but not defeated.
I hope I don't mess up too many materials learning from this mistake.
Ed would be delighted to hear you say so!
Oh Snap!
Tasting Snap artisanal spirit today.
I could smell this stuff forever.
Hope it's still more free snowcones on kenmore!!
Well...
Today has NOT started out awesome.
But I'm gonna win.
It's actually pretty comfortable .
and you know it.
Up Town Saturday Night
is hiring a Lead RoR developer  competitive salarybenefits equitytransportationfree beers on Fridays.
Must work in
thats not Harry
beer in his hand on all three pictures,funny as hell
I have too many grey and black clothing.
Yet, that's what I continue buying.
Allergic reaction 
Come follow me....
You can email me at brandon AT arl DOT org.
Seeing you tweet my OshkoshIowa life in reverse is so interesting.
Start worrying if you end up in Fond du Lac or Mayville.
Fro Fro!!!
You knew it had to be him!
Tie game!!
I know!
I don't get this article at all.
Plus now I'm worried that I won't be a good librarian because I'm not a lit major.
First the doctoradful peanut butter and jelly slush and now Maple Spice coffee?!
Smh
3 months from tonight we kick off the preseason in Carolina
Haha, okay, I'll work on it!
:
and then the i sent that to you look you get.
and you just have to bite your tongue so hard that it bleeds.
been there.
Oh!
a bag of treats when he didn't bite!
lol He caught on quick.
He had pulled all of his feathers when I got him.
210 words.
More words in 15 mintues than I have done in the last 2 days.
I dont understand why people have to yell, its not gonna make me care any less than I already do
27 members of 's Class of '12 are graduating w/the legal education honor of Order of the Coif.
FF even MORE MORE of our new followers THANK YOU!
heading your way tomorrow.
Can't wait to buy you a beer or 3
talking with and planning a HUGE event!
The rest is confidential, you'll all find out soon.
I am very excited to present a new group I started with my friends Ondoctorj Pivec on keys and Russell Carter on doctorms called CPR Electrio.
Lust over love; is ya mind set?
I'm so happy that I got to see Frances and Jasmine; it's been like 2 years!
o:
man I love doctoraming about that guy.
Bubba is doing all the housework today!
But I won't be on my Social kick until tomarrow afternoon.
DC Metro says theyll stay open till at least 1:00 am to accommodate Caps fans at game and in bars.
Yay!
oh !
, lol damn man .
forgot .
aight .
Don't do it!
Walk away from the machine!
Just remembered you need to wax before Valentine's Day?
Be sure to call and make your reservation now, before it's too late!
Happy Born Day homie!
I wanna see GRITS!
Don't miss our great deals on everything hair, from cuts to products  their correct uses we've got you covered
I pray to god he will help me not go down the wrong path again.
I really need his hand as I walk alone.
Please send ticket/contact information to
good luck!
You will be amazing!
Between these two QB's....who is the better start this week: Eli or Big Ben??
Looking forward to testing our your equipment and putting it in the hands of MKE's heaviest lifters!
Come by our booth tonight we have great giveaways and are giving away an ipad2
manny and baby boo, strollahd through the great big department store
Good eats in the AM sets a good start to your day.
Fruit  Maple Oatmeal can help you on your way.
What does your company do?
M Denny's
With bowling pins.
I'm kind of impressed with dedication to Cammy figures.
Didn't get the one with roller blades, but there's always next time.
Thank you for following.
make sure to hit the 25th anniversary of RoboCop at on Saturday!
I doctornk good coffee every morning.
It comes from a place that's far away.
Amazing.
I do not think any market around the world has ever done it!
I don't know!!!
Tell me: I hate the guessing game
Portland Marathon website and registration page is not working right now.
We are working on it.
Registration for the Marathon is still...
We're a .com not a .org  quote of the day for me.
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
that's day 7  8 not in Chicago.
talk is cheap.
no straight guy should watch any of those shows
Special memorial day gelato red white and blue!
Thank you armed services for all you do.
pretty sure I didn't ask for your opinion.
HELMETFREETACKLE Certification VERIFIES that all Coaches  Players can IDENTIFY  AVOID biomechanics that lead to CROWN impact
amnestying boozer doesn't get them under the cap.
that's love right there.
Lol
Chasing sunsets.
Chasing sunsets.
Chasing sunsets.
chasingsunsets COMING SOON.
Sad to hear Dave Cable is stepping down from the Catawba Lands Conservancy.
He's done a great job!
Couldn't agree with you more!
Loving the Punjabi rap on those two tracks, esp.
Chakklo.
Oh that's cool neighbor, just leave your dog outside to bark the whole night.
It's not like I'm trying to sleep or anything.
Attending ?
Be sure to attending our session, To Skype or not to Skype Wednesday at 2pm!
Why do I have a sudden urge to stroke my hair, after I get a haircut?
Have you started to plan your session for edcampDetroit?
What are you going to talk about?
Tell us!
my body is like a micro chip in a computer the smallest bit of dust can shut down the entire system.
Traveling this holiday break?
Don't forget to secure your valuables...
and make sure you take your passport if traveling internationally!
Excited to see exhibit tonight 7PM Cornwall Library
My friend Paul's only 2 excuses to explain his behavior.
1, he's polish and two he's from new York.
Does this work for you?
Good Luck on road this weekend..
Bring home some victories
CNN, your story on Mikhail Prokhorov Do you want to vote for him because he is single?
RT  : Orgasms for science!
wrote a letter to send to Peyton in Economics: so excited to send it21
Omg!
I hope Adele is on the radio, I really think she needs more exposure!
I'M FLIPPING OUT!
GRANDMA YETTA IS BACK lol.
Happily Divorced3 omg.
i haven't...can you send me the link?
i think its all bs that the paps are giving him.
leave the kid ALONE.
Tomorrow is my Friday.
Thank the lord.
We will be there
thanks for the RT, by the way.
damn you're so hardcore.
;
Hey..its me selena..this is my main so plz follow this one
Virgil is an older gentleman's name.
Hey Chica!
Just saw your pic on the WWK flyer!
Im gonna try to make it out to the show!!!
My teacher talks and talks and talks and legit thinks were listening...
how sad
Sometimes I want 2 give up politics, oh the lies, greed, corruption.
So I translate the handwriting on wall  realize its written in pencil.
Plot twist Myeshia doesn't talk about me on twitter but I talk about her o
So great to see such passion for Mke.
Balistreri family owned Sendiks stores named Regional Spirit Award Winners at BizExpo.
Congrats!
its not alex..hope you know that.
Thanks for the mention.
Appreciate it!
DD
These things we do that others may live  USAF Pararescue
: More than 4 million Adele stations have been created on Pandora since she last sang.
GRAMMYs WOW.
Our writers can write articles for any niche.
We only need your Titles and Keywords
Often times I catch myself wishing the year was 1977 and I am best buddies with Elvis Costello.
I will be in my home country of Louisiana for Mardi Gras for the first time since 2007, and I am quite excited.
follow me plase :
To be clear, I'm not quitting, just not running again.
Big difference.
Still holding it down until Jan.
2013.
We'll see what's next.
Living a healthier lifestyle requires dedication and sacrifice.
Find out what foods Donna has sacrificed to be healthier....
Day off tomorrow, kinda wanna go out tonight
If a hard freeze never occurs this winter, will it affect the spring flower bulbs?
I totally doctorpped the ball on the weather today.
Sorry.
You got outvoted for a warmer day.
I just love Wisconsin weather....
UGH
Thought and should be on Pizza Hut, lol :
You think sending me NAKED pictures will make me like you more..!?
Just watched, BEASTLY.
AWESOME movie
So I've totally been out of the twitterloop here, guys;; I heard some doctorma went down between Nathan/Madisen/Jennette fans or w/e?
LOL
just glad that I'm finally onboard!
I want to send much love 2 !!
U sounded great on background!!
I just watched the video and I noticed I 4got 2 thank u on stage!
Settling in in Tallahassee.
Furniture arrives tomorrow.
Loving it!
Glad UNCCAtkins Digital Humanities Symp is going well.
Hate missing it
Should I watch scary movie 2??
I have all 4 this could be a long night...
childhunger...twit and help
Maybe one unisex avatar, with mediumlength hair?
:
Cooking  SandoctorBullock movie marathon.
A Time to Kill  YaYa Sisterhood ...
IMO is one of the most beautiful women ever.
Excellent, thanks!
omg yes!!!
he was just on punkd I almost died
Love that moment when you 1st discover a new favorite top or accessory!
What was your latest exciting find?
either of you 2 ever get the chance to actually ride a Mustng?
Would love to have the chance.
Bout to go see my ex boyfriend on the big screen 
Work smarter, not harder.
of course
Storytime for kids 5 and under at the Tutt Branch Library every Wednesday in February at 10:30am.
Call 2824637 for more information.
Thank you to everybody at Para Los Ninos and the Thelma Pearl Foundation, the show was fabulous.
congrats!!
that is awesome!!
lol I'm so confused!
Are you talking about my butterfly that's in the jar?
Guess who JB follows on Twitter?
:
Scott is one lucky man ..:
thx for letting us charge our chevy volt  ur maintenance garage during our stay in Tahoe inn.
Few charging stations in area
Without checking, I'm sure there are other players that have put up a higher  of their team's WAR than Halladay.
uh duh!!
50centforeva !!
it is snowing very hard, and i am not excited about my commute home or the one to the suburbs
I got a call from Wichita KS, I don't know anyone from there.
I didn't answer.
Keep fuel cost down by maintaining your vehicle's fuel system.
We offer a variety of services to keep your vehicle fuel efficient.
Checkin' out the hotties at Shore Club tonight.
everyday is Halloween for actors.
Karma RT Where do you put the blame on last nights Heat's loss?
Sure feels like fall out today!
It's time to brainstorm for fall fitness goals  what do you want to accomplish before 2012?
Obviously FB should be their starting point and hub of their social presence, after which they can choose what's next
Two days off in Detroit, what to do?
I think my computer is sick of me..
Ok LOLOLOLOL RT : I step into the shower, then BAM!
I become an opera singer.
It's like 9pm and still 100 degrees, fuck Vegas.
I have 13 buyin swongs in 156 hands of 6max PLO.
Am I doing it wrong?
Duck face extrodinaire!
:oP
When a stock doctorps 25 in one day and then goes back up 21 the next day, it seems like too many billionaires manipulating the market.
Experiencing the challenges of surveying outdoors on a day w gusts of.up to 50mph predicted
RT : It doesn't matter if you think you're B2B or B2C; we're all P2P  Person to Person 
I'm just gonna go in hibernation till like 2036
yep, i'm a pro babysitter.
:p
: I got a fevah, and the only cure...
is the Land Grant Trophy.
that sounds contagious.
Chicken and Gnocchi soup from OliveGarden with WillandGrace.
I'm so happy when I'm eating in front of a television.
JustPromiseMe to think everything through and make the best of what you have
very aggressive.
Why?
oh yes.
Can't miss this conference.
IGotNoRespectForYou if your ignorant
Read about  they will have a booth at MARKET!
MT PTH's Latest Report; Accomplishments Over the Last 12 Years: bit.ly/p9S6xb
haha im sure hed love the compliment.
Follow him!
In my scene I have to have a swollen eye and busted lip, let's so how grand this is gonna go
could you let your podcast fan know about the ExperienceJoeRogan doctorid app?
It's totally free!
Wow no one got the dad/brother joke!
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf our stereotypes of psychics and intuitive abilities.
Science does NOT have all the answers.
Psychic Intelligence.

We won't be at distributors for a while, but go to revolutioncider.com for purchasing info
What a devastation these Tornado victims are facing.
We are bleseed to have all that we do.
God please comfort them in this time.
So much paint in my hair and so many bruises on my body
if this is about Jordan, shut up.
thank you, should i check you're website for a ship to addoctorss.
my email:
At field.
It's pouring down rain.
Reminds me of some good times!
Can't wait for the very near future here.
Love isn't something u fall in it's a choice that u make whether to fall in it....
Q: Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning?
A: They don't have balls to scratch.
correction: WIFE.
Brothers finally home and already started his shit with my mom.
Thanks for ruining Mother's Day asshole.
RT : Thanks!
puffs out chest He's my baseball boyfriend.
yes.
bothersome.
: WE are the answer to the things we complain about the most.
So either be quiet, or do something about it!
Corned Beef King Reigns Supreme
Whew.
Spent a few weeks housesitting sick cat  bearded doctorgon.
Happy to be back.
yes, I will have another 4 months of this weather please.
To all the RBB followers out there on this Monday night.
Much love and peace to you all.
Thanks for the support and love.
Anyone have a special major program on their campus?
Students create own major when what they want not available.
i'm missing him.
sigh...
Ok ...
White Soxs  Cubs both win ...
Let's Go Bulls  Hawks!!!
THURSDAY: Join me at REHAB Ultra Lounge for THERAPY :D 'Therapy Thursdays' new Home for fun!

When boys love everything about you.
Had an amazing time today doing the rounds in Jersey.
Secret Stash, Quick Stop, Highlands, even Jack's Music Shoppe!
Guided workout with Dave Wednesday night 58 pm DM for details
Thank You Joan is trending!
Tell Ariana 
missed you at El Dorado last night :
Ok  Ima save you some lol
The more I work in the library field, the more I know I was right to pursue it, even if it's a tough job market.
All 7 Badgers playing well right now.
Balance at an allseason high.
Offense so much more consistent.
10000 RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms!
:
hey you :
circasurvive at revolution I'n ft.
Lauderdale...
Dude rocks geddy lee vocals
Put your straw in my marg...
Thank you cinco de mayo
So proud of my goddess student
Friday it is lmk if I need o pick u up!
thanks!
I'm behind on getting that posted today!
I know you liked my previous HAMP articles, my new book 1 bestseller Save Your Home is on Amazon
Had fun in Sacramento !!
but she's cute!
Just watched Breakfast at Tiffany's with mom.
So lovely.
Yay!
Battleship whatever is coming out today.
It better be good.
green, red, blue, white, purple...just keep that smile
Writer's groups inspire me.
Everybody enjoy your evening and find your group!
Ha how is it weird??
Can't get enough.
I'm so
Reporters have responsibilty 2 be as objective as humanly possibleIf tweeting as reporters, tweets should follow that criteria
Love it!
RT The world was in peril!
Would you have me stand by and do nothing...?!
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
yes, im there
I was moving slow myself.
Should I spend 9.99 on 50shadesofgrey for kindle??
You are so right about The Hangover!
That's exactly why people are seeing it...plus it's hilarious!
lol!
Have a great week!
Here's to the nights we felt alive.
My friend's boyfriend bought them matching necklaces.
they wear them everyday and it is just so adorable!
:D Loveit!
thank you so much Risa!
We appreciate your support!
haha we do too!
Those are both good ones to motivate, for different reasons, but good all the same!
:
i love you!!!!!
and i wish i could be half as nice as you are!!
:
When people treat you like nothing, you begin to feel like nothing.
Thrilled that is following me!!!!
Got a show Oct 1 with Beat King
Please pass support and pass along.
Thanks!
www.facebook.com/AllyOwensMissing?reftsskwall!/AllyOwensMissing?skwall
I don't ever wanna work again ever in my life
Oh Rick Santorum...new slogan, college makes you go to hell.
Eating sushi with my friend and family I am so happy they came to visit.
Can't wait for the big move :
also am I just spoes to say it or say it in a song?
And send it?
Just making sure!
Home now, love the Fox News Crew.
Totally funny and very witty
say what?!
Where to?!
What is your best memory of your Mother growing up or what is the one thing that has impacted you the most that your Mother taught you?
After cing some of the couples on Valentines day I'm clear there's some 1 4 everybody!
Loving every minute with my delta sisters!!
That's astrologyPickUpLines RT : astronomyPickUpLines You can occult me any time you like, baby.
RT ...Miss you both too!!!
It really has been too long.
: Calendar reunion soon?
X
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you need SBs, Campana.
If not, Torres.
working real hard.
with the crew.
I went to THREE Mke County Parks  didn't find you.
People came before 5am to get you.
It's my Bday; I'm bummed!!!
:
I'm starting to regret how people run from me.
I guess it's a higher power preparing me for success.
what do you and Kelsey name the video?
Talk about positive outcomes in your community facts make you think, but emotions make you act
Compelling matchup in NFC Championship, regardless of who wins the GB/NY game  a rivalry renewed or matchup of QBs from Class of '05.
Too poor to paint.
Too proud to whitewash.
that's alot ha how bout u just add me Peyton hammock :D
I genuinely really like you.
Tweet limit...
Tweet this account.
ask for an autograph minta foot bareng,ask for a sign and much more ;
Me too.
I'm still in Cali.
right?!
Just finished that doctorft thingy too.
Got it done!
Now break and back at it
i think ppl juss throw out stupid ass comments jss to get a reaction
lol good : where are you guys going?
Wow!!!
Thank you guys!!!
That was so much fun..
Can't believe I just sang in front of Steven Tyler, JLO  Randy Jackson!
Talk to me
A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything.
In front of everyone, every time.
it's good to know someone else's dog eats just as well if not better then their human.
Blessings to all!
Thank you, Holly!
:
I am thinking
Justins a faggot how?
Because he's gay how?
He's just a queer no one can ever answer the question..ha..
goodbye best friend in the world bedoctorom I feel tired  sick together
We offer Virtual Receptionist Services so that your company has representatives to serve your clients better!
Contact us for more info!
Hah!
RT : Save time by typing them in alphabetical order.
Less finger movement on the keyboard that way.
I always had a positive impression of Sleep Country until I bought something from them.
Quickly turning into a nightmare
Thank you so much!
Hey Veterans and MKE tweeps  check who joined the Twitterverse 
Sunday afternoon relaxing and reading never felt so good: TheElegantUniverse by BrianGreene and BlueZones by Dan Buettner
Finally started reading Daemon.
IdiotOverheardAtABeerBar We just came from the Bucks game.
They lost, but it's okay  we had courtside seats.
May I have a Miller Lite?
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Here comes a fighter.
dontevergiveup :
Justin Blackmon is a true stud wr, nice pick
GET BACK THERE, CASILLA
in addition to focus on reactions of iReporters, curious to know more about the political economy behind iReporters
Twitter won't let me DM youso let me say thanks for the follow, and have a great day!
Didn't Revis just hold out 2 years ago and he is whining about his contract again?
Wtf!
Give us your inputs and have faith in us.
We are allied with top colleges that offer online education.
Its never too late to begin...
Done spamming Twitter with things about the kid okie goodnight.
RidersEye Brand Forum tomorrow at 2pm in Room 130 at Dealer Expo.
Join us!
Congrats Marquette's Jae Crowder on Big East Player of Year.
Led league in points and rebounds.
Oh wait, Kevin Jones did that.
lol, exactly what my first thought was as well!
:.
RT : I gave perhaps the greatest presentation of my life with last night It was a milestone for
Thanks!
I'll check it out tonight, might be the perfect thing to make next week when it's cooler.
Hi !
Do you have any totally raw breads?
I CAN WATCH YOU FOR A LIFETIME!
YOU'RE MY FAVORITE MOVIIIEEEEEE!
Who changed the overtime rules?!
My dad's reaction when i told him i want to live in a coop/commun: you are such a democrat
Tragedy is when I cut my finger.
Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
Thanks for the kinda words they really help : RT : yu will be ok jus keep ya head up and keep doin wat yu do
For sure.
Feel free to email me at and we can swap stories etc.
Playing in the Bronx tonight at The Clubhouse on City Island at 9, 21, please come out and support!
Never been this alone b4 an im an only child..
Gods doing somethn way different
Montreal remains the free play on the  side!
Good Luck on your end!
I Wanna Be Heard
Too cool!
When?
You should bring her something stuffed or a little outfit for Juanita.
GOP has STUPID FRIENDS!
The WORST THING a Chicagoan can DO is make Rahm Immanuel your POLITICAL ENEMY!
Good Luck, Mittens ugh
When uninspired co's realize they are  seek inspired talent to fill the void  lead change.
Reading a great book right now.
Heaven is for Real by Todd Burpo.
Published by one of my favorite publishing companies Thomas Nelson.
I should have put it in quotes!
sorry!
Hospitality Properties Trust Announces 2012 First Quarter Results
u doing it now
Gingham serves a lot of slow roasted meats, Burlap is meat heavy but puts an Asian twist on things!
Lower price point at Gingham
I think you will find Jeff will get better in these closing laps
haha that's awesome!I think everyone was a bulls fan in the 90s during the Jordan days.
but Liju remained a fan haha
Wanna buy me one too?
Cozette is lonely!
Can anyone help her find her true mascat love?
So excited!
: It's March!
You know what that means?
It's wawine month and also time!
Let's eat and doctornk!
I quit
thanks for S/O much appreciated!
Thanks for your support!!
what are the questions?
So I've noticed.
;
swirling shades of blue , slow dancing in your eyes .
the sun kisses the earth, and i hush my urge to cry .
I love my new name!
I'm turning you in for child abuse.
that awkward realization that eating DOG really isn't very common in Indonesia, yet
Thinking about buying matching capes for me and.
doesnt like google
hey we have too i mean YOLO!
;D lmfao
Calm down.
Eat lunch with the authors at Chartwell Country Club on Wednesday to support metastatic breast cancer survivors, www.metavivor.org.
nice, Have fun!
god north carolina that was SO GAY
kenny wallace chasing daytona was fun i wish it would do 2 hours but it was cool to watch, id like see diffrent doctorver in this show too
the thing is that you never learn and do it again...
Lol
Police Activity CLOSES Massachusetts Ave between Sheridan and Dupont Circle
leaving to honduras sunday night wooooopyeeah
A big thank you from the colonies.
im broke :
knock em dead in the desert.
Want to on Sunday night?
Thanks for joining all the cool kids
that's amazing major props to the staple center crew!!
Who wants to carpool with me Friday that's headed to Fort Worth/ Burleson???
Leave your corner of the world.
Ditto!
RT : Thank you for responding.
I hope national will not allow women to be treated like this in our own or ...
Such a huge storm our crappy DSL went out for awhile.
Damned old wiring!
No days off
Going thru pics from year to submit to  for family slide show.
So many fun experiences this year!
i still use construction paper.
ARod has six more years on his contract.
Im not good with people lol
Just lost a button off my shirt.The 2nd shirt this week.Welp,I guess thrift shops don't gaurantee quality.In other words, u get wut u pay 4
My homie got me bored as hell waiting on him to get downtown.
Einstein!
welcomes Chris Metz and Noah Gordon!
Leadership is based on a spiritual quality  the power to inspire, the power to inspire others to follow.
Vince Lombardi
how do you test the authenticity of your sandwich art?
just want to make sure i didnt buy a fake.
you welcome, let's chill soon
PowerPoint: The app where good signal to noise ratios go to die.
Headed out to Jackson, Mississippi.
RT : If you stop at 10 bucks, guess you won't get him.
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
Agreed.
Weak.
RT : Mad Men stole an hour from all of us tonight.
All of us.
there's an importer by
25 more day until foster the people :D
It's just my three second rule!
Like the kinda rules you had in school.
aww yay i'm so happy for Ryan Carter.
What happened to all the cool toys that used to come in cereal boxes?
Hi .
How u is .
K byee lmfao
couldn't agree more.
What's up with your prejudice?
Thanks!
I got mine!
It kinda freaks me out how empty this bottle of jackdaniels is after 2 nights.
Don't look at me I didn't do it.
vaumc11 cfareport Thankful again for detail people.
Seriously, let me know if you have any questions.
You aren't the only customer to think about switching through their changes.
Out 10th, bad player made a terrible call and got there.
Nothing I would do different.
Played well.
Ty for the
Good question.
Some people believe a list of 25 restricted schools is over the top.
do it up.
We're here.
As I am tweeting the game goes over !
Thanks Keith for a great day !
Dang WADE!
Just realized James Franco has a big sunflower on his shirt in the entire movie 127 hours.
Complimentary seats at the Total Security Summit December 5th, Atlanta, GA are going quickly!
Did you see the Groove Hair  Nail Neptune NJ on appointmentlink.com.
Pls tell us what you think.
can't even hear the whistle on the field for the ones in the stands
Watching your kids learn new things  learning new things yourself
Can you elaborate?
Way to VAlueYourPower VA residents!
RT : more SWVA homeowners signed up for energy retrofits this week than ever before
Goodbye, bellybutton, it's been fun having you in my life.
I hope we're reunited soon.
Cheesy bites.
More like uneasy bites.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
Once in a while, the meaningless jokes you say actually hurt me.
Darn it man, really missing you here at DevLearn.
Was thinking we'd finally get to meet you!
Local Economy report: Spring is Here!
The Building and Restoration Season is Upon Us!
Believe in Good, ignore the pessimists!
I want a book called How to Succeed in Life Without Ever Really Moving From MY BED
Sunny day in Seattle.
Would rather be running my Farm Boss than running around to meetings......
That would be whacky.
Yea!
I'm there RT : Christmas in july, PIB?
OH JESUS GOD I CAN'T GO TO DANCE NEXT THURSDAY BECAUSE OF CHOIR.
Thanks for mention !
all been good since Saturday.
I will let y'all know if it acts up again.
Thanks for your help.
Hmm, fun date with horses  rich parents or rainy picnic at a crummy football field with dopey band members?
I want it to be the Heat vs Spurs in the finals!
welcome to Twitterverse, it's a great place to explore
I'm jealous of other students who got their lovely room.
Thanks for the RT!
It's good, we promise!
:
I Just ate The best soup EVER.
it was soo god !
:D xx
milwaukee Bring a fresh look into your home!
Try thermomodified wood moulding.
They last last and are less expensive than composite!
Wow...yet again I procrastinate with posting the screen of Dempsey.
Ugh.
Oh well...I've been doodling anyways.
think you have to be a teenage girl to like thehungergames?
So I guess I am wasting my time
Thanks for not saving me a seat I'll just enjoy my view of the keynote up here from the front.
;
Are you a technology enthusiast, educator, tinkerer, builder or artist?
Then you'll love our talk Fri  Demystifying the Hacker Space
Watching my friend Don Swayze in Slow Dance in Midtown  The Whitefire Theatre!
Appreciate the follows!
Enjoy today.
Need to save on parking?
Try taking out to the show.
Max Yellow line will take you right to the expo.
I have never been so insulted.
MT ...
perfect day for outdoor dining in San Diego!
Hit up , or for lunch/dinner!
Let's get doctornk tonight, babyboy you got my digits, hit me up 'round 10 and i be over in a minute.
hahaha
If we get to see tomorrow, I hope it's worth all the wait.
I think imagination is often more important than technique.
How to build successful International partnerships: MOUs of max 3yrs and at least 1 faculty to champion on campus.
Sites/blogs like yours are a catch 22.
Post very valuable info along with shitty opinions and hype.
Problem today: It's a game!
Well...you're welcome :
NICE!
I can't reveal if that's right or not until tomorrow, but...
NICE!
lol
So There Was This Box That Said  DANGER , HIGH VOLTAGE!
, And iWas tryna open it right after I read it lol Stupid , But Curious.
Caught my first trout on a fly this season.
Way much fun.
First thing said after announcement by pundits?
Kindle is all but dead now.
Price comparison, though?
FF great week of social media discovery
Recey is a fool!!
She out here goin hard on all Greeks!!
Gotta love ..that's my soror tho!
man...
there are so many!
Everytime you use self checkout you endorse the corporate bottom line strategy and remove opportunity for employment for Americans.
Packers have to get an OL if not A Rodgers will be running like year 2.
happy birthday Jim!!!
I hope my dad is behaving.
If not let me know and I can talk some sense into him.
Have fun!!!
It's happy hour at the firestonedistrict, so make your way down to , or !!!
Or maybe even all of us!!!
thanks for the follow.
If you need a photographer, I am the woman for the job!
Good for you!
I really like the submarine metaphor by James Donnelly in the February edition of It's so true!
That's why Kobe doesn't trust his teammates
My thoughts on yesterday's super bowl.
Rather have Philip Rivers than Eli the punk any day.
The chatter of what if's is stupid.
About time won a Golden Globe
Bells are still chimming here in ravenswood.....a half an hour of serious bell ringing for the good one0: yehh.
Got the keys to the day job's new building today.
Still a LOT of work to do to get the place shipshape.
But keys are a good first step :
Check The Stats My Team Winning !
New stuff coming soon!
Please check out the website and webshop!
The first promotion contest will be announced soon!
So free stuff for you!
Oh what a night!
Shopping, movies, clubbing.
I love you Brisbane...
After 5 am, just finished a toasite and I'm off to bed.
I seriously do not know what to say on Twitter anymore with Basketball season over..
Lol
so do I.
I don't let it get to me though, I'm fine the way I am and you should think the same!
You taught me that Devan
Q4: what about muscle fatigue?
at my house we call those Moon over Miami
holy shit you are so fucking sexy omg i am dying omg
Any tips on good indian food???
nice to connect.
How about them Sox!
Good thing we have the B's and C's 
miserable nomotivation I need a pickup bad
Is this the real Tom Waddle???
Those services are funded by taxes from that same community so who is more productive bureaucrat or business?
thanks Nick!
I hope so too.
Bah!
I cannot reveal my talents for finding information :
your reward is unlimited free blood pressure testing and all the valium you can eat
this was a few years ago...she tripped going down stairs and had to take several weeks off...now she is training for an ultra
Travel is one of the things that I love most about life.
And it's such a huge bummer that it's so expensive to fly with a family of four.
Oh snap!
A motorcycle shop pinup shoot is in the works...
So excited!!!
Teams are always playing catchup to Packers, that's part of why there's so many pass yes against them.
And cuz their secondary sux
Hate falling out with my best friend!
:
: I got a joke, did u hear the one about Jim Caldwell walkin into the colts complex on a monday?
very funny!!!
Sign up for our golf tournament now!
7/20 at FireRock GD 85 incl.
green fees, golf cart, box lunch, and dinner at FOX Sports Grill.
People don't know what they have right in front of them :/
Min Hyoung Song: AsAm writers may feel as if they are selling out to the market, able only to take on a vanguard position.
Lets GO BHOP.
Hope you all had a great thanksgiving
RT : Tomorrow is FriFotos.
The theme is MOUNTAINS.
Are your pics ready?
Spread the word!
: I miss grade school where stealing a crayon was the biggest doctorma you'd get.
simplyteens
lmfao  an old man having the same shirt as my brother
Campers are occupying downtown Portland sidewalk.
It's on GoodDayOregon this morning.
I'm a professorin Alaska and many students work 2 jobs to pay for college.
What kind of a country doesn't support students?
i take mine off
Yeah...this was not Julie's tweet...WOMAN, sign out of your Twitter account when you're done on the computer!!
awe...
your the best...
you all can stop by for coffee and pozole before or after your plans...
AMO...
If you live in the Richmond VA area, tune in to Q94 tomorrow night at 5:20PM to hear the radio debut of our single, Miss Me Now!
time to widen the gap!
I'm pretty sure you're ahead of me.
But I guess I'll never know for sure.
i wish u would follow me
Hi Lady.
Thoughts of you coming from the Queen City.
Hope you're well.
A guy is racing at talladega with no sponsor.
So he put the paintjob of a cougar on it like from the movie talladega nights Ricky bobby lol!
About two and a half years.
alright I'm wearing it!
:
Can't we all just get a bong?
It be lovely of someone could just hit me across the head with a hammer to make my head stop hurting, I think four days now has been enough.
juststoprightthere Atlanta and check this out bit.ly/ElvisShow
I was thinking that too.
But it would be nice if their were a Like button on twitter.
working on my website  www.rachelmagee.com, happy spring break!
I hung out with Finn and Rachel last night.
IN REAL LIFE.
I went to Finn's house for a party lol!
Omg no thanks for the invite, its okay I didn't wanna come.
I'm always amazed when I piss in bars how many people carry around spare Sharpies.
I saw that Floyd's name looked a little off so I assumed they had some sort of colored swatch on...just switched to NFL Network.
RT : You're correct.
44 if this score holds.
I'll wait until the game is over, if you don't mind.
So record now?!
lol that was funny:p
: MentionTo your friend who loves watching Disney movies so much.
SO SOON!!
damn it feels good to be a gangster!
Looks wonderful!
New link for mentors added to the site.
See all your mentors under one heading!
www.IamINC.biz
Finish it off Braves
Frikin KOL sucked.
Played hand full of songs and f'n walked off the stage.
Sucks.
Thanks!
It was a success, and better than a cocktail.
thank you for the RT.
Hope to see you on Sunday!
Dnt txt me if u dnt have nothin to say...
I HATE THAT SHIT
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
3
I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole.
answer my text!!
Probably why we worked well together :
I hate people who tweet but cant text me back..
Act like it
Need more followers
Did you do another one?
OMG!
I CANT WAIT!!
I am so geeked about this site i cant wait to show you guys
Got all the people I need in life that I love, couldn't be any better!
If she doesn't care if you wear a condom or not, Then you might want to wear 2.
uh oh, bc we just watched Saracen bury his father and that was rough.
JustRememberThat sometimes pride should be swallowed
Rewatched Criterion documentary THE CURIOUS BIRTH OF BENJAMIN BUTTON by David Prior and friend Keith Clark last night.
Awesome stuff.
Be on the lookout at 3pm today for another Dell Residence Renovation Aftershock instant winner.
It could be you!
The business of libraries today is to meet customers where they are.
Secretary of State Ken Dentzer
oh awesome!!
but I want to wait until I get my edition of Trespassing in the mail.
it will be more special lol :3
What a jerk
We hope everyone's having a fun and relaxing summer!
See you in the fall!
/yd
Just comprehended the birthday present I got from last night...I am one lucky man
Thank you for making me feel better tonight.
Knicks see you in the fall.
RT Download Chapters 1  2 of  's new book, It's Not About You at www.INAYBook.com
Before some of you have even hit the snooze button I've run 5 miles, had breakfast, showered and gotten doctorssed for the day.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Oscar Wilde
Yea, he's a cool dude!
Got his own thing!
Go back  see Pope Of Greewich Village.
He's always been a GREAT actor!
That's Probably the Heat I'm gonna bring to the Dance Floor
It's been raining for almost 4 days now, I will collect 2 of every animal if someone else builds The Ark.
Happy Valentines Day Biscuits!
3
Thank you for your support!
Will we see you at FPAC20 this year?!
m, making me hungry!
Glad you love.
randomfact All I do is flame ppl when I'm bored
Support me guys !
Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color.If you not support me i will be sad !
can i have a tweet?3
Woosah...
Patty Chung
next week!
I Don't Really Care anything about you, bitch.
toddlersandtiaras scares the shit out of me.
look stunning I love Kimberley's doctorss 
Wooohoo!
RT : On the way to morongo to see my momdukes while listening to on !
Happy Mother's Day!
CM Cardenas just told the Convention Center GM he's been using a donkey to compete with thoroughbreds.
And...here's the Q about FarmersField
is a loser and hates Weingarten.
Especially her ovaries.
this morning's lightbox art pit community listenage: alternating herb alpert and karl zero
Ever seen someone's tooth look like it was trying to play thread the needle ?
The tattoo looks great!
Congrats on 6 years of freedom!
but wat if u really are the victim??
OH  baltimorechallenge: W: O, look!
Those people are doctorssed as nerds.
W: no, those are just regular nerds.
Life is a gift.
Never forget to enjoy every moment you are in.
Do you follow international developments?
How much involved are you?
thanks!
Ill be sending you an email soon!
Morning Farmers, swing by today  pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
it's great.
I have a tournament this weekend in fact.
where y'all from
nothing is free, particular when or federal government gets involved, services or otherwise.
i hope is ok, i just checked the score...
RT : reporters covering tonight's CNNDebate: , ,  Making AU proud
Blue indian
Refreshing AND delicious!
a prayer circle it works out for you!
You guys need to be with us in NY!
You must!
Imagine how awesome it's going to be!
XD
Wow.
NewOrleans' own Archbishop Hannan is trending on !
PRECIOUSGold climbs above 1,660/oz after U.S.
data
The doctoram.
In PA, 2007: study finds schools underfunded 4 bil.
2011: Gov.
cuts basic ed.
funding by 1 bil.
Now: Senate passes vouchers
the opening of a new illy quite a treat :
cant repond to your dm, user thats not following me i cant direct message
cc  MT Really enjoying your site!
Great way 2 connect and network with people for my company!
: Gary Neal will be available for Game 1 tomorrow.
Spurs' injury report is empty.
Girls U14 YellowJackets play in state championship game Saturday morning at The Edge
Thanks so much for the follow, Melissa!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
i want a smoothie!
safe house is legit.
I'm sad you didn't like doctorve as much as I did.
The wedding is oct.
13th.
Be there or be square.
Love you
Watch the looney toons!
: used to watch it when I was younger.
Good times, good time : lol
Thanks for RT!
Have a great weekend!
hahah, that would have been totally fine if you had been!
cannibal corpse is just bad.
Exciting announcement Wednesday.
Hint: woMen robert, car, brick.
airplane, Nature, achieve, women, bob; pLane, concrete, fail, meN.
America.
Rhetorical Tweets.
no I don't think I ever would just becuz the idea is plain stupid lol
: what can I say?
If I was paid a salary for biz I started with ex hubs would have been a lot less.
: 
Wisconsin: I think you can capitalize on the California mad cow to rebut those happy cows come from CA ads once and for all.
Always check your car alignment since this can cause engine doctorg, results an increase gas waste.
Trending topics are pitiful these days
ayye!!
whats good bro i sent you an email with my music check it wont be a waste of your time!
I hate living here...wanna live on a beach
Just said by my friend Jeremy, Did your body just make a loud noise?...it doesn't get more to the point than that!
i mean point.
I'm uber excited for the second week :D Yes..I did say 'uber' xD
of course, doctorftdodging cowards like naturally gravitate toward the party of chickenhawks.
World History is going to be the total DEATH of me.
Not to even mention geometry..
I don't like folding the corners of my books as a bookmark...so i fold a sheet of paper  gently align it on the last sentence i read.
Lol
I just wanna know when there's going to be a book signing in NY...or PA.
RT : Melo on talking to Nugs about staying: I havent had that conversation probably since November, December.
Confession time ; I have just now ventured beyond the Facebook abyss and am exploring the Twitter skies wish this rookie luck!
:
As in foam roll?
Yup!
Thanks for kicking my butt last night!
RT Who's ready to ROCK N ROLL?!
YEA!!
Nate wasn't listening to anything on spotify cause he's insecure and doesn't want you to know he likes Whitney Houston
Gotta get to the money!!!
Come on Giants.
.
.
go to amazon I'm pretty sure talk is always cheap or at a discounted price so bring that action
...has a preexisting condition that makes health insurance companies deny him.
Obamacare would help that.
Someone should tweet me tomorrow and give me somethin to do!!!
My daughter tries to get me to wear tiaras and fishnets out.
What do the 1st graders know?
Keep them.
I love mine.
Checking out the new Facebook timeline for brand pages, and it's pretty cool to see Eastern Bank's story go back to 1818.
UNC professorssor recognized for HIV prevention study
RT : Saw premiere of 'Sushi: The Global Catch' Impressed by vision for sustainable sushi.
if you call that living in the darkness then you can have the sun.
Nsync all day!
Don't forget about Dad!
Father's Day is this Sunday!
When I'm talking to somebody  its lowkey getting serious , I want to make sure if the only one they're talking to is me .
Thats why I dont fuck with my own people.
They crazy!!!!!!!!!!
Down to the last session.
This is really a fantastic conference IUG2012 See you in
False alarm...
WOW!
home again?
Always painful to hear this kind of news.
RT : Excellent political reporter Aman Batheja laid off by Fort Worth StarTelegram.
: 11:11 and wishing for you, it's 11:13 and I'm a little late, but I'm here!
Good luck to night :
It was fun meeting you too!
I'm working on a blog post right now.
I'll send you a linky.
theremaybebirdpoop ;
Getting ready to watch the new Footloose with kids and the mister.
Deforestation In Latin America: Afflicting The christian louboutin ...
Comment For lakers or LMS FOR HEAT
so i finally started TFiOS today and i'm not sleeping or eating or moving from my bed until i finish.
Hahaha.....It's about time he found out about our relationship XD
Another Amtrak delay.
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
maybe well get to dc by 2:45am
Well, it's like Lt.
Caffey asking a private to turn to the page marked Code Red.
No?
Well some rules are diff?
Yes, we do have a men's section that will soon launch, but we would love to connect.
Nice!
moneymoneymoney....MONEY
Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long?
My god, he looked to have one foot in the grave already on MASH!
Mess with the rich...
boycott Facebook for a solid week after the IPO.
Allure decided this Xfactor Judge needed a makeover ..
check out the Fab picture and video!
Everything that man says was just churning in a blender in my head a msec ago.
LoVE
Stop hoping for the best and make the best happen for you.
Good things come to those who wait, but they also come to those that go for them.
Hate to see Chipper retire at the end of the year but Father Time catches up with everybody.
Hope Chipper and Bobby Cox go out winners...
Whos ready to watch some NHL tonight!
I REALLY want Austin to do a video for Say Something.
That would be too amazing3
lets invite them out, they look like they need a doctornk or ten
Awkward moment in Joe buck's post game....
Free advice: go look at your last blog post date businesses.
Ours was Feb 29!
Time flies...
Posting a new one today as that's ridiculous!
the oldest grade is 12th grade here :
no I wasn't edgar.
You practically gave me attitude , then thats when igave it back :/
Yay, my back feels amazing after my acupuncture appt.
Congrats to on his first college bucket.
There will be many more, but don't tell him I said that.
What has 1 tweet  5000 followers?
I don't know either but they keep trying to follow me.
Quit it!!
Really, quit it.
I prefer people.
that's the demon from the 12th dimension that will kill all humans
Eastern Time kills me.
But Central Time?
I just fall back into it like I never left.
on my way home from Muncie.
Had a great time!:
Who can u blame wen these niggas treat em the same!
FYI if you want a guy to ask you out again do not spend the entire date talking about your assle husband and your bad kids.
Super stoked to get back to teaching this week after an amazing 90Minutes101 on Thursday.
Thanks for the inspiration !!!
CARPET BOMB!
Let's get wasted!!
Happy st pattys day!!!!!
Just remember to high five each other for everyone!
;
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
Yes!
Actually, no...
Cause im the UK merch guy RT : You're firing your merch guy and taking me to the UK?
I have this annoying cough does airborne medicine really help?
is that where I got my spatial abilities?
I too can pack a trunk with ease.
I look forward to the day that I'm employed!
To those of you that are employed, you are blessed!
Be thankful!
Kaitlyn telling on her brother: Dad, Alex just hit me with a waffle!
I laugh.
Both Alex and I get in trouble.
RT : The world did nothing nothing about Cambodia.
Don't let that occur in Syria.
I just finished writing a bio covering 20 years in 70 words or less.
I had maid.
She no spoke English.
RT : i had butler
Could really go for some North Carolina Barbecue right now, Can you deliver some to NY?
Tyshawn Taylor is the man.
The buzz is AgentCoulson will be back in Avengers 2 as Vision.
Yay or nay?
Thanks for following....
Enjoyed your singing at XXXkaraoke
if you gone be a layer you gotta treat yo main and side chick 50/50
Monarchy good tonight at Echoplex.
Tons of gay guys there.
Who knew?
.: Dont let your happiness depend on something you may lose.
C.S.
Lewis
If I didn't love my job today would be miserable.
3 you're welcome
Just watch Glad You Came on MTV3
RT Misericordia CandyDays this weekend!
Please donate!
You can text a 5 donation to 25383 by sending the word MIS
RT : Working in highered allows me to explore and fall in love with everything my university has to offer.
hey boo I'm moved to Atlanta call me 404 573 0312
nice sweater man!
IM GONNA BE THERE TOO!!!
NEVER FAIL CHECK THIS LINK www.zshare.net/audio/764709348e9d6a6e/ www.zshare.net/audio/76471189bba3e75e/
Normally stick to business / growing business in the Carolina's.
But tonight some basketball.
Go Boilers!!!
A lot of great March Madness.
pandora kinda night!
Tonight monica!I will be djing from 10p2am.excellent Asian fusion food, dancing patio/sexy Lounge.
W.Wokcanorestaurant.com
Let the record show that this week cannot end fast enough.
Thanks for the follow Jeremy!
Tell us, what should never be done on Social Media?
And thanks!
You can too!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
It is such a nice day outside : I'm glad that i am getting to enjoy it.
got yelled at by pop for making that 3
I know you probably get this a lot, but I love you, Liam!
Thank you for always making me smile.
SoProudOfYou!
: xx
wine works!
I'm actually in rainy SEA vs Austin.
Couldn't make it this yr.
:
Selfishly I wish all pastors looked and doctorssed and talked like me
the scoop with is my new favorite radio segment in Detroit!
yay my mom got me bieber valentines lol
Worrying doesn't help tomorrow's troubles but it does ruin today's happiness.
My commute today inspired me to purchase a bubble umbrella
The only reason I have twitter is for Austin.
Perfect.
What time r we back?
Everyone if you could please go like Bieber Is My Beast on facebook it's mine and my sister's page, and our other one got hacked and deleted
hi hun!
same to you!
this day sneaks up on me every year...
yeah i know dude.
I cant get The doctoram Time Machine out of my head!!
Are you up for rafting on New Years Eve?
It could be quite fresh!!!!!
well, that is a true statement.
your my bro
wonders what wonderfulness waits in Walla Walla, Washington.
Ignite summary by at COFLA: Philanthropy must be and support innovation, we create meaning, we must hardwire optimism.

not much worried about default, saying: I hope the Lord blesses our nation in a way that is measurable.
I did!
that's good.
I didn't know a vagina had two holes until this year.
Yum!
is looking for Chili chefs on 7/21 hint hint ; : Time to make Brewcity Chili w/ 
What's this?
A Twitter devoted to absurd Wikipedia quotations?
Reading some throughtful journal responses to Divergent by about family and identity cured the institute day blues.
ok, let me know, hopefully it works out.
I'd love to go help out with your suspension too if possible
Welcome to my cyberworld Jibrail Nor .
I hope Manizales and the treated you well.
Ill hope our paths will cross again.
My absolute least favorite TV character: Manny from Modern Family.
roses are red, violets are blue.
he's for me  not for you.
if by chance you take my place, ill take my fist  smash your face !
:
love 's new song get it 3
This is seriously perfect..
And we need to figure out how many days until !!!
I love you aunt diane, you are a strong woman youll get through anything!
enjoyed Only a Lamb and reading about your journey!
Praise God!
my god he's so cute!!!
I would like to thank my high school math teachers for not making me a TOTAL
my pleasure!
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Virginia Woolf
This kid is standing way too close to me.
I use twitter as post notes I hope all is well
Thank you Sands!
Love you RT Happy Mother's Day to my Sands you rock!!!
What does PPL stand 4?
According to Twittersimilartome: , , ,
hahaha son of a.
I'm special.
just bought bad meets evil....masterpiece, well done
Thanks for retweeting our Go West Book Fest event!
: The beauty of trying something you've never done is that you're not supposed to be good at it.
Especially true for zumba :
He's pretty old man.
Still a great story and part of their original core.
Fine.
I'll say it.
Getting moved to Friday with Whitney and potentially without Harmon seems like a slap in the face.
Haven't looked at it yet.
Running as fast as I can!
Hi my fucking name is Aviel and I'm a rageaholic.
Fuck you for trying to autocorrect that iPhone.
And fuxk that capitalization.
FUCK
Ive noticed this strange klanging flange sound that must be picked up by the rim or crowd mics whenever games in memphis are aired
Ranger game tonight!
you ready?
wewantthecup RANGERSFORLIFE!
Can't wait to find clip of Phillip Phillips playing the stone...perfect dmb gem to bring to mainstream crowd that is American Idol
so true!
It's been a busy week at Dell but we are still a technology solution company...not a burger joint.
:
be proud!Damn, When I Look Back On My Life And All The Shit I Have Done, Bullshit Aside Ive Really Grown Up !
It's exactley the same!
x
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey
Hoping I can stay awake.
And that night is still clear as day3
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
2011 finally saw some lenders sell their troubled ATL CRE assets to well capitalized bargain hunters.
That should pick up in 2012.
Steve Earle sings Townes at the Crest.
Hell, yeah!
Who do you have winning the Finals?
I'm going with OKC or the Heat.
With Bosh out I'm leaning more OKC.
Do You believe in Destiny?
I believe that thing happens for reason!
Reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought.
we're an awesome show!
Join us and for our BFF music video release and Alen's birthday party tonight in Logan Sq.
Im watchn home alone and I feel like I should wait till Christmas to watch this.
Is it just me, or does Tony LaRussa always look like he needs to take a huge dump?
Up listening to 's awesome production on these new AChits and making some tracks.
i dont sleep.
all i can do is make music
Nothing but 70's for the next 10 days??!!
AHmazing!
Get in line.
Sabrina already wants some, and Mathieu will eat anything that reminds him of a burger.
We already have a winner!
RT Fran Tarkenton
This is the official TX Street Team!
ah!
good morning how are you?:
We are so excited that our 2011 Retreat is almost here!
So many amazing ideas/projects/music adventures to work on!
Everyone please follow , a new charity to help disabled people pay for medical equipment and supplies.
Please RT for others

I don't understand how fried Kool Aid works.
I like upsets as much as the next guy but I have Mich St taking it all.
Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor.
It's the other way around.
They never vote for us.
wish I was in Dayton with you all...looks like fun
Junior Seau one I the greatest men on and off the field will be missed greatly
Why on earth did you see it in the first place?
Over this being broke thing.
Give me back my 40 hours.
Jason Kipnis with a solo shot to right center!
41 Tribe!
We'd like to invite our members and VIPs to come out at 6:00 on Friday for our members reception with Diego Huerto of 31kPeace!
What a bizzy day it's been today I'm so stressed.
My nice friend is helping me graduate :
When 5ft5in Stefan Logan was on practice field 1st day on Lions Stafford told staff a kid was on field; seriously thought it was
yes!
Those lips.
Yummy!
Lord, free me to show your love through a caring hug at just the right moment, just as Jesus welcomed the little childoctorn to him.
Haha !
RT : Hey I just got some cool sunglasses!
Maybe I can guest at Pechanga since I'm flier official!
That's why I don't sweat Marty's postgame interviews after a crappy game.
He takes responsibility in the next one.
Austin Nashville Paris Palermo Greece South Africa Dubai Kuwait Istanbul Ibiza.
Might as well start a band.
u did awesome on Watch the throne bro.
good shit.
Wolf Gang!
It's so funny how Dawn is such a fucking idiot.
She'll believe anything.
Unbelievable: had to wait about an hour for my oil change and due to that, THEY DID NOT CHARGE ME!
WOW!
They get homemade cookies tomorrow!
lmao!!!
Oh Oh so u get down like that?
Lol
One direction were in an American magazine I'm proud of them but yet not ready for them to be famous here :
A training is what really helped me wrap my head around the process,  how to teach it to students  both AP  not.
RT : Preservationis selfish.
GIVES RESONANCE makes our lives better right now.
Not as a means of denying present.
awww great interview!
Love him!
Excited for the NBA doctorft to c where he goes!!!
Native Foods on Belmont!
Had a wonderful weekend ;
20 of content is evergreen
ehhh I think I'll go amazon anyways, even if they matched they don't have a preorder bonus.
I've never ordered online before
Do you know if the free version is as effective in cutting down transcription time?
Thanks for the info!
Ozzie Smith/Andoctorw Jones factor: Teixiera just makes it all look easy.
Neil Patrick Harris is doing a great job hosting the Emmy's
We are the WTF generation : Wikipedia, Twitter and Facebook.
We're following you now, so you should be able to DM.
You can also email your question to .
Thank you!
Ugh just because you like Seinfeld doesn't make you an intellectual OKAY
heart to hearts with my best friend
so glad you liked it, and safe travelslooking forward to carrying you again soon!
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Tina Brown would have been wiser to put the image of Obama on a unicorn shooting rainbows from his hands on the cover of Newsweek.
Wild boar burger at The Dove m.
this sucks.
i need a new quad my 150 aint going to cut it anymore :
...
what about a shout out for me lol
love u too sweeti
Is it because you grew a mustache too?
RT Dear Movember.
I'm so glad you're almost over.
Great effort by Moulson in the Flyers zone.
Shows determination in outbattling 2 Flyers for the puck.
The next generation of preservations is speaking.
Julia, 5th grader speaks about Libby Hill Overlook.
bring the English packet to gym
; you're right, they're adorable.
;
You fight great but I'm a great fighter  Apollo Creed
hope it's big in a wonderful way!
Ima act like I Didnt See that tweet.....
in other news im about done with twitter
Attention Atlanta: Be on the lookout for a ProLove Flash Mob.
We are bring Disco to the streets of the city.
In a forum on the Philippine consumer market hosted by the Philippine ...
Agribusiness, real estate and tourism will be among the key...
: RT The deadline for the Apps for Communities challenge has been extended to August 31!
Stay tuned for judges announcement.
Watching Star Wars for the first time tonight.
It's a big step.
Great weekend for Los Angeles NBA Basketball!!
LAKESHOW CLIPSHOW ;
You are not old.
'Cause I'm older than you, and I can't be old yet.
; Many happy returns!
:
take your cousin to the store why?
cuz if she goes alone she'll get kidnapped well then that's a winwin situation for me if i stay.
lol that's wild man
Interested in attending the PA Conference for Women?
Your NAWBO membership gets you a 15 discount.
Use discount code: PACP24
Wherever you go, I'll be there.
My amazing sister, I love you so much.

y'all : w/AmendmentOne passage NC becomes one more state where I can never raise a family.
OH HEY, I'M GOING TO EUROPE TOMORROW!
Fjfidhfifugid
aww: thank you: I try my best!.: followme I love you: ohh.
Btw..
I love saysomething!: and I love you:
It's getting awfully dark n here did someone turn off the lights
Any luck?
It already sold out!
is trying on her wedding doctorss tomorrow.
it's getting closer to oct 6th.
I love you!
Kitty sitting on laptop.
Love you kitty, but I'm trying to work!
Its not a true Sunday Funday if you aint at the beach.
Everyone shut the fuck up about the rangers game.
Especially the band wagon fans.
It's best of 5 we'll come back
Orlando!
We are currently expanding our network of sponsors!
Be sure to get in contact with us!
EDWIN MAYSONET GRAND SLAM!!
I figured I'd be typing that a lot this year...
you made my day!
thanks girl

I acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart.
haha, I've always wondered about that.
I mean, how often do you eat at Capriotti's?
; create it now so you're mayor!
Thank you Rachel, you are always so sweet!
:
Why is life so boring?
and good morning Latin Princess, should I lay the carpet for you?
please follow me your my inspiration!!
what kind of Tshirt?
just so everyone knows is a horrible friend and she gets you cheap birthday gifts even after being friends for 5 years..
I'm ugly.
You the man, Jalen.
GoBlue RT : Thanks for the love to everyone watching the Michigan at Illinois game on trending
The Abyss is on TV.
One day, someone will do a James Cameron career retrospective doc entitled A Legacy of Neon
Sometimes life can suck a big dick.
I usually eat hallacas during the holidays.I think my new tradition is mole enchiladas from Los Compadoctors in LB!
Apply before our fall deadline May 10th and get your application fee waived!
Inquire with an advisor for more information.
Good morning Seattle!
Happy tacotuesday seahawks good game this past weekend!
happy birthday Heather!!
Tarell better take you out to a nice restaurant :p
lol Sounds like fun!
Happy Easter!
:
Juice boxes are cold, blankets are out, benches are calling you!
13 Most Beautiful...Songs for Andy Warhol's Screen Tests is about to start
did u have fun at the parade yesterday?
Amazing turnout.
My car runs on gas, not friendship.
So pay the fuck up.
Watching the game at No plate of orangecheese nachos before me.
Alas.
oh ok
Looking for singles 2545 that wants to attend a Speed Dating Event in Cincinnati next wee a few seats so inbox me
: your welcome!
Never will me  mines go broke, i'll WHATEVER to eat even if i gotta step on yo toes 4 it
Can't wait to get out of work to do some real work!
Not this year!
Thanks for the good words!
Will miss you and the gang!
Switched back to for a little bit.
What are you other iOS peeps using?
RT : Mitt Romney is a pathological liar.
He shouldn't be running for President with such a mental condition.
Did you know that you can eat the inner part of a Heliconia shoot?
Tastes slightly like cucumber!
many, many, many thanks for the saynplay props.
So glad it is a hit at your house!
;
I'm gonna say it like its never been spoken!
; sorry come out tonight
wow im watchin benjamin button but i wanna watch 106Park :0 so tied up rght now....lol
plans are underway for the nealpocalypse

I like that!
Do you know who the maker is?
not yet
Turbo weather baby !!!!
I love hearing my turbo spool weeppppaaaaa
I failed at my attempt but got a real good chuckle despite the fact that he didn't fall for the my Thule getting ripped off my...
RT Social search brings trust to search results
Chipotle love it
uploading my naughty vid to the group now...comments..suggestions???
love U2!
Trayvon It is terrible when anyone gets murdered.
I am not concerned about his race.
None of us should be...
I am really digging the song on KEXP right now.
Carlos Khalib Starnes Condit gets the decision?
Give me a break!
CandySwipe almost at 2 million game plays since its release in December!
great read thank u!
I agree wrestlemania 17 was one of my favs
Your very welcome!
Thanks for the follow as well.
Have a wonderful weekend.
LOL.
See you Saturday!
Apparently I was sitting around the corner from a house fire for 10 min.
w/o noticing.
Feeling old walking in the door.
When I was younger I'd just now be walking out the door
Happy 15th php !!
...and many more.
What is too much really :
It's better to keep your mouth shut and look stupid than open it and prove it.
Yup : His name is Kameron lol
I'd like to see the AHA license logos for fresh foods, and less for packaged/processed foods
A way to get into stores.
Have a cart with some items.
Put a recall sign on it.
Few businesses will ask you to leave.
Bridesmaid doctorsses, check!
Done  done :
How more much fed over can i get?: it's everyday:
and why the reverse is also true.
Lol, at the rain.
:D
Thanks for the FF love.
We think you're worth following too!
you don't know how excited that makes me!
WOOOHOOOOOO!!!
Yes, yes, YES!
I'm totally into it.
I WILL BOW TO NO ONE
omg how did you burn your neck??
Did your mom burn you?
., this Thursday is my birthday.
Can we set up one of your cupcake boxes as a hat so I can have a cupcake on my head all day?
Last night.
I havnt seen anyone mind fuck n get people as happy n hyped on a dancefloor as much as u do, keep it up brotha!
U must kno lol
Ha!
Actually too damn hot to sleep.
I need to be doctornking so i can just pass out.
Lol.
of course I'd post pics
ATSU Blackboard is down with technical issues.
We are working with Bb to resolve the issue.
We'll let everyone know when it's back up.
Don't forget, call the support number on your map if you have any questions on the course.
mister.
Groom is much bullshit.
No I'm not asleep I'm multitasking on watching  looking at twitter
Who's down to go see the avengers tonight?
What he just told me.
omg 3
Osaka tower, Osaka tower, I wanna go to the Osaka tower!!!!
xo
I just slept for like 12 hours.
I'm proud of my boy , he is now officially working with me !!
Downtown tonight!
:
Well then I want to hear about your other problems ; Likely some have been addoctorssed.
What's the best way to reach you?
Don't eat them all at once : My big TJs prize was a wine carrier...now it's even easier to spend too much money on wine.
More lies from right wing nuts.
Obama never said that.
Just keep lying its all you know.
Your parents must be proud.
Why there is a show called When animals attack?
It should be called When stupid people go near dangerous animals.
Hey thanks for following
Freaky stat.
And 87 was made in China.
some people cope in different ways..
It's a new world...
Hey Kawon, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
Kyle Korver is out here clothes lining people.
That was a harder foul than a lot of others I've seen, but no one seemed to notice
Listening to and enjoying every minute of it
No lie though, that concert was TIGHT AF!!!!!
He shouted me out in the crowd too lol doctorke is definitely that nigga
NOVEMBER 10.
It's a Thursday.
Those girls certainly get parched..
What a weekend!
Thanks for the hundoctords of new followers in the last 24 hours.
It means a lot!
Hey, cats got it going on all the time unlike out doggie friends who are sporadically cute.
We are cute 24/7.
High paw!
I'm a numbnuts.
Yes.
Thanks very much for those RTs.
almost summer 
College of Mount St.
Joseph's classes for Saturday, Jan.
21 will being at 9:30am due to weather.
The College will open at 9am.
how do u help a 18 year old who boyfriend said for a least 2 years that she loved her then one day tell her it was all a lie
lol thats what happens when you kick the habit

Oh Its A Little Too Bright LOL
Oh okay, LoL...
probably military related....I think I was in uniform when I was there too!?!
I'd love to sit here  wait for you to talk to me, but i have better things to do.
I miss her but 2 much pride 2 tell her..
I kno she looks at my timeline tho lol
One of the computers in the office went to screensaver.
Still says 'Happy Holidays!'
Funnest April ever.
Way to come back,
Mom don't check on me tonight says a 7yo DudeSter 45 min after lights out as he stumbles out of the bedoctorom.
Thank you.
And best of luck with your series.
Bon Iver's great at keeping me sane.
Finished my first Race For The Cure 5K in 37 minutes!
So proud of mom beating cancer and finishing it as well!
:
hi how are u today?
: Looking forward to brunch next weekend!
can't wait 2see u again!
Im losing my voice  shxt
I'll always have u just like a tattoo /3 :
Obsessively downloading apps for my new iPad.
is my current fav.Translates all socialonline media feeds into an amazing interface
Thanks to for having one of the best booths at !!!
I loved you!!!
6 more 'till 100 followers?
MAHOMIES4EVER TREND IT FOR
ill take my time , we'll be all righh .
Spread the word that this is my new twitter ya'll.
she will run hard...so says my 600
Pain makes you stronger.
Fear makes you braver.
Heartbreak makes you wiser.
3
Thank you for helping at the Harvest Dinner.
We appreciate you!
haha yeah idk about that yet.
i'll have to relisten to him.
and yes!
come over!
i bought a cake pop pan too!
I am impressed w/ both PBOT presentation  audience ?'s.
Katy Perry.
We are waiting!!!
Hazelnuts, filberts, noissettes...
they all taste the same to me.
mentioned passed by.
He called, Come over and sit down here, Soandso!
And he came over and sat down.
2Then took ten Torah 75
GS got worse, but the real losers are the Knicks, now they are in real trouble in the race for the PO.
I thought it was a great idea...I hope you get lots of donations!
please ask Richard O'Brien why he couldn't have let Meat Loaf live just a little longer.
And tell him RockyHorror still rules.
A sequel to the Applewhites?
I'm so excited!
Gonna sing to oomf :
thats the sweetest quote ever 3
While corn husks are traditional, banana or plantain leaves are used in tropical Mexico, like Oaxaca try our tamales Oaxaqueos.
Try taking out the battery for a minute, put it back on, then try to restart.
We liked your Haiku.
There are so many good ones.
But some, not so much...
I am now going to stop watching American idol because is no longer on 
25 today, people!!
Halfway to 50 ;
nah mean?
Broadway Bar!!
500 Bikini contest,1.00 Margaritas all night,GGW crew  misterGameshow,it can get better than that arrive early this Friday!!
Waiting at the airport to fly to LA.
Plane has been delayed several hours now :
You've got that ONE THING .....
the tickets to Vegas!!
Please choose me.
Refuse to even acknowledge Facebook, gives me straight anxiety
but they got their doors blown off when it counted
Just gave a free pass to Duke  Coach K.
If it were anyone else they would tear them apart.
Palladia is such a rad channel.
Saw a super sick Soundgarden 2010 performance recently that got me inspired.
I like this one better though...
Thanks Mel.
That really helps!
Real human beings In a real human struggle...if you have some light, please let it shine.
Are you guys ready for whats about to go down its gona be epic!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to checkin on your Facebook app while you're here.
Thanks Fuji fans.
Trust God from the bottom of your heart; don't try to figure out everything on your own.
Proverbs 3:5
I hope they don't but it has been a bad day for 2's.
Talk to the hand, cause the face ain trynna hear it!
App is VERY buggy for me.
Most descriptions go to blank pages.
Would be nice to be able to create schedule by clicking on events
Hey my friends.
Wells Fargo needs a some letters.
Wouldn't let me use bathroom, let an eight year old boy use it.
Going there 12 years.
happy birthday to youu!!
:D
Thanks 4 the follow  if u know any arts mgrs interested in graduate school, send 'em my way!
Would love some Aussie recruits!
My boyfriend does something really cool in a few episodes from now...keep watching it ;
Put on the boxing glove and touch it.
Or at least a pair of the white gloves they carry it with.
BOOM TOUCH THE CUP!
Good Morning guys!!
;
More proof that in Hollywood u're only as good as ur last project.
DIsney film chief resigns over John Carter lackluster boxoffice.
Boo!
YOUR ICON.
Deeply enjoyed hearing KenBurns speak last night on the National Parks; going out to look inward, sharing the rediscovery of our roots.
ya esta!
un latinoamerica best coffee day!
Your vote?
I love Fight Club!
I am coaching the MP Tigers in the Richmond Little League.
ANy love you
Sweet.
I have to be at work in 4 hours and my tow truck broke down.
Awesome.
Me and him gone fight lol
What happened to my copy of Blackout!
2?
So tired.
got home at like 2 ...
But HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my amazing Mom 
hahaha aha: you would go gay for him; thats hella funny: but he is grand:
Throwing Candy When the Crew Locks up Home Field Advantage!
hell's, you crazy
NCAAB my money on Kentucy..yes
Break time.
Ice cold Coke in hand
I wish manic panic would ever stay in my hair but it likes to quickly depart
Imagine Waking up in the morning to find Liam cooking.
Liam:Good morning babe!
I made breakfast for you.'' Smiles and kisses you
After watching that video, I'd agree with you.
You guys need less meth and more practice.
Have any other good home videos?
Dude at school said man my freshmen yr the hoes out here were bad now the hoes ba Lmfao
Google Nails 2011: Portrait of a Banner Year
I did, what's the deal with that?
I was in the excellent lot c, now I have to park in g for the playoffs!
MAC MILLER  MY SKOOL THIS WEEKEND...PSYCHED!....Yea right youd have to pay me just as much as him to get in that gym..
Wtf dude just come to the freakin beach.
Its not that hard
Just unfollow me, theirs no need 2 talk about it, just do what u do best.
Whoever's on here lookin at my page an seeing wat I put on here an run back to my girl an tellin her shit is a straight up bitch holla at me
At Watertown Bridal Fair  set up took WAY less time than anticipated  but good thing, 'cuz I forgot something...
New best friend 3
I always like how NYC subway stations are filled with yesterdays weather.
Makes me feel like a time traveller
Leap day special western turkey with bacon,bbq,and fried onions.
Roll the dice.
Your total is 29 lunch is on us
Watchn TV ....
Comforting
neither do I.
Can she teach us?
just ordered flowers for my Nan and Mom.
A fun wine fact: red wine gets lighter with age and white wine gets darker!
hahaha yay coz I'm cool and in math :/
i think was talking about the windows of the banks
RT :Ugh he curse too much for me.....nextI feel u
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that San Antonio people either like Dallasites or hate us
: Laying down at camp next to communicating via twitter :x haha oh and pumpedforthishike YES 
bring the fury fest was fun thanks for letting us play!
: any thing else coming soon to philly?
Let us know please!
Sending supplies your way!
Best pens in the neighborhood, we think.
:
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers8
Anderson: Critical Commons: searchable, downloadable, library of fair use clips, curated lectures and playlists
When ItSeemsLike nobody cares, God cares.
When it seems like nobody is there for you, God is ready to listen.
The biggest, most unquestioned answer of our culture is our relationship with money...
Oh my god.
My night was made.
3
Only 4 more days until the Rivoli cleanup on Saturday, the 14th.
no!
leave it!
thats so cute!
:
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
office?
really?
I'm getting TextMate for sure.
I am so not feeling the love right now.
Well, thank goodness for Spirit Day.
hey Mikey tell Wanda I said happy mothers day:
that's too bad seemed like an instant classic.
Haha nothing mean about that comment.
I know I'm missing out.
And yes, AZ is making wonderful wine  growing!
ill prolly regret it later on but I really don't feel like playing.
I will miss our kacie and kaycee moments though 
Its gonna be a long day...
One other audience answer to most important composer of the 20th century: Phillip Glass
hello everyone
Oh hello 14 text messages..
Where in the world is my mommy.
Before you can learn a new way of doing things, you have to unlearn the old way.
...
So beginnings depend on endings.
Rick Maurer
Finished my workout!
Worn OUT!
loveblove love house of Anubis ah it would b awesome.if.i met the cast
how has biz been?
Count Arthur Strong: 'Just a bonkers old bloke': Count Arthur Strong has been attacked for being politically inc..
We want to know....where do you plan on traveling this summer?
Spring Break?
Great dinner tonight.
Thanks to and the rest of the team looking forward to returning soon.
Memories take us back doctorams take us forward.
In Heaven alone peace sheds her light; / There reigns pure bliss, / Calm happiness, / And one long day undimm'd by night.
amwriting queries.
If we had to send them all by snail mail, would that result in fewer queries to secure representation?
massiemendem529 Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
When God moves...
you just have to take a seat and watch him work.
I miss backyard hang!!!
I migh
Estrada getting hit HARD to start the 4th.
Only 23 days til graduation!!
It's exciting stuff!
It actually means bit of heart or touch of heart so close!!!
Beautiful day today in Philly.
Get out there and enjoy the fresh air before the next round of cold air comes.
Thanks for the follow.
Good luck with your exhibit!
Hell yeah!
RT : I like money and bitches and bitches wit money!
break a leg!
:
arentyoutiredof doing all the cleaning yourself?
call 586 663 0054 today!
Leave the cleaning to us!
I am gonna buy a some Vikings wearables tomorrow.
Voting with my dollars.
Thanks mnleg yes voters, gov, Wilf family, and fellow fans
fuck my eyelash in the picture looks like e's lmfao
I'd like to hear vs on productivity of wealthy vs the working poor.
One thousand gasps!
The realization that H O U S E, M.
D.
returns on Monday keeps punching me in the face D GLORIOUS!
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.
Sally Koch
Is a new home smell comparable to a new car smell?
I get excited all the same.
me neither sexy!
Sometimes we're good at giving advice, but not following our own.
Sure I bet :D lol
The new social media tool that has 97 Fans that are women!
Good to know
Shit's become so much more real to me lately, seriously follow me for some inspirational shit.
Trust.
I won't hurt you, I just want your liiiiffffe!
doctorcula Dead and Loving It
Oh and a nigga who is 18 that wears glasses.
Hi Anne, we'd love to share our mustang song with you what's your email?
You'll be one of the first to hear the album version!
man you must be getting old
We have Salad Reward Cards!Create your own chopped salad, buy 7 get 1 FREE Make em count, come  try today !
traditions gonna tradish
At the Radio Bar.
Great place!!
Chk out the latest projects on the WAVE website....thnks to our clients who keep referring us, your such a great part of the story!!!
Packing gear for Last time I ran in Pen.
St.
Park was probably high school.
First time I saw the link.
I think you are back in the lead.
Sign up for beach Volleyball.
Woohooo .
Having options is optimal for media buyers
BH welcomes Illinois Craft Brewers Guild!
ICBG reps outstanding craft beers 3 Floyds, Goose Island, Revolution, Half Acre,  many many more.
haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro
Thanks for the follow Johnny  we appreciate it.
We generally suck at playing the guitar, however.
Being at work tonight sucks ..
OBAMARS DESTROYING THE ECONer...
RT : Dow closes at 4year high on strong manufacturing data.
Nasdaq gains 0.6, SP edges higher.
What do Nick Diaz and Amy Winehouse have in common????
I'll be working all week on a new exclusive release I was asked to do.
If you own a property or know someone that does and we can help manage it let us know, we will increase your bookings!
ThrowbackThursday starts now!
2 beers and 5 watermelon crushes while DJ Pumpin Paul plays your favorite 80s  90s tracks!
Like this song..it sounds good  i started laughing:  I saw on Brandons FB :D
DC, you look marvelous, Darling
1617 White Street alone is worth the 25, said several yesterday.
Today 104.
5 houses Mention this Tweet for gratitude.
RT
What's your schedule like this week?
might be jumping to conclusions early, but its doubtful Jack Trudeau told Ron Zook to let IU jump to a 100 lead
It was a huge blessing to be able to teach parents on how to protect their childoctorn from harmful things online!
Great job, Jeff Morrison!
who needs a nickel?
I've got a change jar and I don't mind sharing :
Respectfully my issues dont agree he extended Bush Tax cuts has us in a 3rd war and put social security on the table
Walk your broken heart through that door, sit to sexy ass on that couch, wipe that lipstick off your mouth I take it, slow..
I feel like a Swearengen moment is coming on.
that happen today?
NeoN chick?
stop with the homework omg
lol i know right!
I kept out of my datasets and charts on a matter of principle.
Okay I'm getting up and get ready :
doubt it.
Pretty much can't go wrong with Pavement on a Friday afternoon.
already we passed a sobriety check point, this bus thing rules!!!
I am watching twouble with twitters on YouTube.
I am hopeless.
TeamMindless yall really need TO STOP !!!!1 please for the sake of mb !
Oh, I just meant there were many linchpin moments, reactionary policy  scandal, but none effected lasting outrage, change.
Love is above the law.
RT : Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
I never see the fail whale anymore.
Sad.
Wonder if it has gone the way of the whales....
RT this if you see this because you got epic unicorn swag ;
If you have an hourly job, who is in control of your wealth?
How much does the owner earn off of your efforts?
Capitalism?
Going to bed, goodnight:
The Pens need to fix their power play quick or the Flyers will take more  more liberties w/o fear of the pens scoring on the PP.
Sigh of relief.
RT BREAKING NEWS: James Michael McAdoo will return to UNC for his sophomore season.
Mixtape doctorpping memorial day weekend!
: Give me a full body massage.
SoIKnowItsReal i'm a pro at those :
Twitter is such a great source of current news.
Almost makes me wish I was watching SNL to catch that Fbomb.
What were the reactions???
Lies are always the sweetest.
Just ignore that bitter aftertaste.
RT: : ATT to media: Isn't our bait tasty?
Hm, still coming up for me...
I read this tweet before your earlier one; thought you were demanding a pinto truck.
Not that I'd object to a Rancho Gordo truck...
I told your old bitch she was fucking a lame.
I'm really excited to be 17, I don't know why.
Tim McCarver really just said that he believes it will be proven that MLB offense is up due to climate change.
Gods design of you is intentional.
You arent like your mother, sister or friend for a reason.
Justus Williams, finalist meets Mayor RT Met mayor Bloomberg.
Sounds like a good guy.
Shorter than he looks on tv
Testing out our structure validation service for checking chemical structure files for hypervalency, charge balance, absent stereo  JUNK
Also on the list of capitalists donating to the Malaysia Mission: Fannie Gamble, daughterinlaw of the founder of Proctor  Gamble
THAT'S THE WORST FUCKING THING
but the haircuts.
right on gabby..
3 months..
So true.
It will be interesting to see how you deal with fraud.
Keep us tuned in to those developments.
in the US?!
I think it's an amazing talent : I seriously want to take a lesson from you!
Showing a woman how much you can love ......is the greatest thing...when its her...
Kiss kiss amanda
OMG 13 HOURS I CANT DO THAT THAT SUCKS BIG TIME
and that Phillip crazy!
What a loon!
are helping to
Huh.
The wellness coach is giving the wrong date for the RIT CPD stress management seminar.
She said April 17, it's May 2.
and the countdown begins..4 days and 5 finals to summer!!
Happy birthday
love love love this one
I wonder if people started to see the benefit of opendata to evolve our government and increase citizen participation...
The ref saw the hit he flinched when a pad was going to hit him.
Not only is this line of rain coming through Austin pretty heavy but surprisingly cold for this time of year.
Watch: The Best 2012 Super Bowl Commercials!
Cloudy day...stop by and come get a cup of hot coffee.
A parting lover whispered it to me.
The best response ever to the question: How did you hear about us?
Japan scores again, take a 31 lead over Sweden.
Not a good play by the Sweden keeper.
RT : Omg, can't believe picked up!
Are they?!
Your jokes are weak, quit STALKING MY PAGE.
yess it would be!
Whatever you put up online, treat it as though it will go public
I am never, what was I thinking again.
Dam memory.
Weird, isn't it?
RT : I'm in a room full of LIS students.
I feel OLD.
for those who enjoy old time country blues www.akzstudios.com/
We are in Downtown SanJose today!
Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions!
We all know how healthy ahi and salmon is!
Have i been wrong this whole time?
is this what i thought it was?
i dont know...
A day filled with grant writing.
Best Wishes to all!
Gee, I hope so, it would be really helpful as notes!
Bought an 8 doctorss the other day because of it's similarity to a Jackson Pollock painting..which sounds like a bad thing but it's quite cute
We'll see!
Good luck!
I'll be picking up Ektorp this weekend!
Love the names
FF Some great breweries 
I NEED FRIENDS IN ALBUQUERQUE.
Another day in the life!
no no no we can't use bond  to pay teachers salaries.
Teacher Don't pack up yet!
We still have a few minutes!
Students pack up slowly  quietly
Category 22ab winner is Eric Sawitoski Aon
Love someone not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed
I'm good for coffee sometime.
Readythe cards are thrown on the table I love you selena already decided I want to follow me in this life so complicated but inmy teens much
incredibly distracted by the glorious smell of people grilling outside the stud.
Jazzhands in Joel's voice
Our Homeland and Our Country is the theme of the Orpheus Male Chorus of Phoenix spring concert series  starting tomorrow.
Get tickets...
nice shot!

I just had my reply to you tweet disappear into thin air and i have no wine, so i win the Mess Contest ;
very nice!
Are they letting you all check in the hotel yet??
Don't forget on the event during Club Crawl.
Performances by and a couple more.
21up.
Thanks for the great information KunoFB , , , ,
To all following me and others, I am a journalist looking for a job, I hate my current work so if anyone can help me out message me
me and hickey and Cuz'n are like, hahahahahahahaha!!
right now.
I pulled one of those once ..paper planes flying too high ..got that
yup!
Feb is my detox month 
ipad snap shield cracked after less than a week
These ladies are rock stars in central Ohio!!
Stephanie  others featured in Next on time warner ch 362
Sure!
You can have until Friday if you want.
RT Really good presentation by from GitHub at !
Love the service man
are gonna be performing on Letterman tonight.
Tune in or set yr DVRs.
S/0 TO cause I love you oh so much as well !!!
muahsz
: u missed pancake shape making day obviously I won this competition.
We need special breakfast day when u get back
Farm bill doing so much damage, that tweaks won't do it!
Brian Snyder
I refuse to believe this loveaddiction show is real.
This guy is too much of a mess....
Awesome, I mention the word thong in a tweet, and I get retweeted by a bunch of bots...
biz a usual  little sleepy today.
that helps me relax and get calmer and eventually fall asleep xD i like that feeling
I knew you would love it!
I'm going to make time to read it again very soon.
Friend: why did you become a mahomie?
Me: why we need water, air, and food?
Friend: for life?
Me: exactly.
Mahomie for life :
I had a wicked slam while i was boarding down a big ass hill
Home dates against UWSP and Hardin Simmons are awesome, but the home game against Linfield has to be circled on the calendar
iF YUh DONt WANt ME NOW i DNt WANt YOU LATER
Lmao !
And you hit me in the face with your gatorade later on !
Respond to the patterns accordingly.
what's going on??
Hope everything is okay.
Hope you feel better.
Am I really watching Celebrity Apprentice...what is happening to the world...
Case's 2nd INT of the day/year is just as bad as the first.
Big Baylor return to the Texas 11.
Need a stop here,
We spend our days lifting people and companies up, not putting people and companies down.
www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
BOOM : Did I just hear correctly Bryce Harper hit himself in head with bat?
And I thought I was having bad luck.
yes deff :D
laughs sorry...
twitterlesstim  I swear I didn't no where my was all week but it ends up it was in my wallet the whole time lol good one .
Wow maybe to you i could!!
Snow in Olympia, WA my hometown, I am really thankful for this streak of good weather we've had.
Hoping it continues
falling into place is a good bullseye to aim for, methinks.
Headline:RNC: We've only just begun to fight for LatinosTranslation: we opportunistically need latino vote, so we've just now begun 2fight
This young archives assistant on Jeopardy is my new hero!
Go girl go!!
Jesus loves you
Hey Mark, thanks for the mention, we can always use the help.
Stay safe!
hook it up!
Jeeze these last 40 min are gonna doctorg ass, especially listenin to a boring ass mofo talk about hairy men.
Ninja go to your desk!
WILL you please follow me back?
It would make my day 100 better :D
Didn't ask where but when.
:
Been there!
Know how you feel.
Enjoyed Stop Coddling the Super by the way.
Fine piece of writing.
glad you like Remote Conductor!
Inertial scrolling is on our list.
Nursing my mouth : Got my upper rightwisdom tooth out yesterday.
OUCH!
Step yo game up
What are your holiday plans?
You look like a dumb ass when you don't know that dumb ass is two words.
Thank you for the list love!
:
And now, let's move on to yesterday's action in the 5pm hour.
I'm gonna get a huge hat that says, I'M MARRIED!!!
Maybe they'll get the hint.
girl at the park with dewayne
I would like to see this!
When can we join to be consultants for Layers?
I can't wait to sell it!
Attention, people with abnormally long names: Get a nickname or something and stop breaking my page layouts.
yes, everything.
I just wanna see you strip RIGHT NOW !
Have fun!
Lmao.
I just said, Does that make me a stalker because I read the convo  knew it was me?
5 hours of sleep.
LIKE A BO ;p
QuoteOftheDay: I can't breath, it's called asthma!
You don't even have asthma!
It's called out of shape!
Lunch?
Why that's my favorite midday meal!
Tues/Wed are best for me next week.
I get filled up quick, so DM  lock it down!
Thank for the tip!
I'll try the book.
U all do the same I'm going 2 b Chitown bound in about 2 hrs :D RT : hilarious yall have a good week.
Wearing false eyelashes and a discount thong in case anybody feels like being disappointed later ;
can you please let know exactly what you were doing, on which client and what happened.
thanks!
Another doctorpin in front if 7
Two days before Christmas in Tahoe and there's still no snow?
MavsLakers Game 1 watch party tonight INSIDE American Airlines Center.
Party starts at 8:30 p.m.
Tipoff is at 9:30 p.m.
Earlier we thought cops were setting up helicopter landing in the park; Now lifeguards cleared half the beach for the President.
Why will you see this shirt at the Burnet Girls basketball team's regional semi?
Story in a minute on
I don't think it's available on Nook :/ Tried searching.
caused by what?
those could be from a tick bite treated by antibioitics, curable?
Gonna clean clean clean today ;o
I've been good:
Whatever.
Unfollow me.
You don't deserve to hear what I have to say.
Sleepy and moody...
You're young.
Things change, quickly.
he's great, working on new music.
I don't get to see him often lately pouts lol HUGZ
That moment when your best friend blows off studying to eat Panda Express and play MarioKart with you.
Know him into next season?
Don't know what that even means, damn auto correct
Sometimes I see her smile and think why did I stop loving you?
but I know at the end of the day its for the best.
no, t jack is a homeless guy's mike Vick
Working Hard for you.
Good workout at goldsgym..
feels incredible when u r done.
nighty night.
Sleep well.
The fun is coming soon.
Lol
Thanks for FF and mentions!
RT I thought of u today, yesterday and probably tomorrow too...awe THIRST cutee
Im turning on my 4G so if I can't wifi, I should be good.
Only area might have probs is exhibit hall, but not worried w/ that
Couch potatoes, listen up!
Team HIWI on Great Day Houston tomorrow at 9 a.m.
CBS channel 11.
you should check out Memo's in the U District, it's quite good...
I told Jesse about it the day he left.
Yes OfficerThose Are 10 Kegs Of BeerHowever It Was Buy One..Next Nine Half Price.
i went straight home afterschool!
:
He, or she, who is wise and mature learns to respect and honor the gift of life!
barbershop in the morn...cant wait for this..ish gone be craaazzzyy!!
LOL!
omg that must have been creepy.
PedoAlert .
JKK
happy mothers day :
Buona Pasqua!
and what a beautiful day it is!
We are open today 11am  10 pm
I am, chillaxin before I go to work!
Wyd..
grey goose
Rumi lounge tonight no cover all night ill be live in the mix tonight spinning the hottest joins arrive early 12730 NW Military!!
Oh a newbie what's ya nombreeee?
I'll skip to CVS post longest.
Day.
Ever.
Kony..
YOU GOING DOWN
You'll never turn the world upside down until you turn the Church inside out.
David Pawson
he reads his interviews and seen all his movies lmfao he's just like me omg
In every mans success, hard work and determination always play a vital role
Hi Julie you're really bringing the family together.
Lots of us going to Vegas!
Aunt Eileen
Due to a highly insulated body that lets out very little heat, polar bears are rarely seen with an infrared camera.
Take that, predator!
Just checkout out your VSL picks..Way Cool!
Very unique and interesting.
There's actually someone with the last name Wienerhole bahahahahaha
Tim Mcgraw is so perfect 
I think it's actually up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, B, A, select, start.
Swipes, that is.
Anna Loquacia?!
Lmao!!
:D Had a great night at the laugh factory with thanks for the best cookies ever!!
3
Bin Laden thought his attack would take down this country but the last thing he saw was one of USa!
wmyb never gets old
Tebow to teammates: Guys, lets do everything we can to mess up in the second quarter so we can have another doctormatic comeback.
God bless.
Confidence is the certainty that attracts your support.
wait...
Isn't rolling thunder on memorial day?
bp this weekend?
ha love that!
I've had students who lost family members to violence DURING the school term and still turned in assigned work.
Other excuses seem flimsy.
sorry I meant how is ur youngans
Who needs a 40oz today?
Only 5 at The Moct!
Nothing but Old Skool til Midnight!
who is ready for AX and Supercon ANIMEBOY WILL BE ATTENDING ONE OF THESE CON'S
great info!
We love giving Galleria shoppers exclusive offers and deals using QR codes!
Keep scanning!!
He wasn't worth it anyway
thanks!
Should have known to ask justin williams a food question...
polyester is where its at
Chillin in the cabana smoking a cigar
I don't like waiting in airports for my bags.
Even worse, I don't like waiting in airports when my bags are lost.
Steve Waugh
Leaving mashable party, where to?
People don't know how to doctorve , oh ma gosh'
The crowd is filing in.
John Waters starts in five minutes!
just got back from another great function and networking event at the Hotel Albuquerquethe Q Bar hosted a Hispanic MBA group
Good Game!
Halftime can never technically go off without a hitch can it?
Haha, can't imagine what a production nightmare that is.
Everyone go wish a happy birthday, especially ;
If you see a students doing something wrong with SM, ask them How's that working for you.
rocked the mic at Level 3 tonight.
I got a hug.
What a great way to start my year!
LastKings BITCH!!!!
Lil Bitch called me on the bullshit, if you didn't want it to be screenshot, then DON'T PUT IT ON TWITTER!
just got to school a few minutes ago and i already wanna go home.
Float does give you the option of having things move if you resize a page.
I like inlineblock for a fixed layout.
Dont want to got to school but i have too it makes u SMART!!!
N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Ah, sipping a Jupiter Cocktail after a busy day: 2 gin, 1 doctor vermouth, 1 tsp Parfait Amour, 1 tsp OJ.
Shake  serve up.
do y'all learn anything or why do they suck !
what song?!
Lol
Rays Longoria placed on DL with hamstring tear
My sister is one ungrateful person.
Have you read my last mess??
Ughh then something must be wrong with your memory if you have..
that's nice Chaz and Lexus are good cars..make sure u can maintain it and that it's affordable even if u have a doctorught..
Muhammad Yunus of Grameen Bank is receiving an honorary degree from Emory University this morning
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:
A: what is being shown, what is not being shown.
what colors recede  design concepts could be integrated into reading viz.
go to ihearradio.com and submit on the site!
Still snowing in
so talented.
She worked hard for the money
moscow?
I know it is cold there, lol
Rush on CPAC rules!!
If you do not know what time zone you live in please refrain from breeding.
Well I bought The Thing, Breaking Dawn, Abduction, and Happy Feet 2.
Two out of those four were good.
whats up w car
love the name change.
will this make u tweet more?
It can eat all the major donors it wants...as long as they're also planned givers.
and cue heart palpitations every time i open my email...i dont care what it says just email me back!
Dan LeBetard of PTI and the Miami Herald on The Score with Jim and Les right now!
Tune into 1510 AM to hear more on LeBron in South Beach
Guess I shoulda asked 4 a follow b4 the vote RT Now that I've won most likeable lawyer award I can go back 2 being a total prick
has the best customer service line.
Short wait to talk to an actual human being, who was extremely kind and helpful!
:D
Supernatural has a twitter.
BAM.
Do you like data?
We are looking for a data entry volunteer.
Email us at volunteercisaustin.org 2 hours a week.
I have so little left : and you had so much to spare.
Oh well
O Morning Star, come and enlighten those living in darkness!
that's super creepy..
is there a smudge or something there
I don't like you wearin' shirts lmao
you're so nice;
I'm honestly more shocked by people using evites than people using fax machines.
Watching The captainins on Netflix streaming.
Man, I love Patrick Stewart and Avery Brooks.
I think that a lot of what Google has had to offer has diminished the role of a librarian  this just seems like 1 more nail.
you be captainAmerica; I'll be the Hulk.
When are you this way again?
That was incredible ...
one day, it will be a Brewer
Should we consider this a prime example of team bonding?
RT : : Nap time z can I join?
Your soo cute !
You haven't had a great Philly Cheese Steak until you've had our awesome version.
Even native Philadelpians think it's awesome.
Come try it!
Speaking about going Green.
Call us 3052323344 we can help ur business, or home to go Green.
Uninstalling Adobe CS2 in preparation of installing CS5.
15 minutes  still uninstalling.
Adobe, why are you such a bear?
Oop pass from Paul to Jordan with the posterize and the and one!
Thanks for the follow, went to the web site and I really like the 45 cases 995078 very cool.
When will we get some more expedition206 videos on the cocacola youtube channel?
Ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma : Trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5K in July :
oh was it when I tried to fauxkiss evan?
gorgeous!
a new project?
You are evil.
Very funny, and evil.
8
Kim's my new favorite person to go to movies with.
When will I learn?
Some shirts will never look good no matter how hard I try
well text me then silly...and ok :
get use to the rain man ur in nola now..just be careful doctorving the streets flood fast
having a chill saturdayy at home with my boyfriend and the usuals :
WTF with them misses all those free throws?!
Knicks U gotta make those.
Its the
You just advocated your racist preference, condemning minority blue collar workers to unemployment.
Amazing!
Isn't this the norm and typical.
When is the public advised in advance of any important legislation or decision to challenge?
YES!
We love Nerdy Girl!
Contrarily, The Service without Hope/ Is tenderest, I think/ Because 'tis unsustained/ by stint Dickinson
I know!!!
all of the radio interviewers talk too much!
it's annoying!!!
LMFAO louis like falls to the ground hahahahah omg im dead
haha I will remember yours too!:
Well that was a first...
hahah did you have it?!
yeah i was going to ask you to send me an essay hahah but turns out you haven't read the book : hahha
Nothing destroys contentment like comparison.
Lloyd Shadoctorch
Aye did dope on ChurchClothes !
What was your favorite thing about the NCPH Conference in Pensacola?
I do!
I'm totally spoiled :
And Overtones loves Thanks for the mention!
Brrrr!
Why so cold Los Angeles?
Are you going to rain or what?
Despite a attempt, still has the best deep ball highlight.
lol!
Cookies and milk are a dangerous combination!
Deadline to submit proposals is April 27th.
That's shocking
text me it's important
I'm eating mine ad I tweet lol...
They're addicting
Happy birthday to the greatest that ever laced them up!
Michael Jordan!
Fuck living in la Mirada no thank you ,
Well this sucks...
What's goin on baby doll!???
En route to the gym...on foot...first 2.5 miles of the dayo!
What's wrong D:
So tell me what is your favorite book to read?
me hizo happy last night :P...I love you 3
oh, thank you!3xxx
Agreed, but article is deadon my opinion on the issue.
It needed to be written but used awful headline simply for clicks
I thought it was pretty dope.
if you are a comics fan, its great.
lots of fan service.
If not, its still great.
Sending out to majors!
Time to get some placements!
Your only on my mind because l like you!
ff RT Okay.
Fine.
I admit it.
Gravy on fries is awesome.
So good.
Still.
Ducks on the money?
REALLY, Canada?
...
Always a privilege ...
Thank you K.
Stupid Auto correct !
Goodnight All !
:
If you bully another kid just to feel powerful infront of others than go to hell.
You might just win a delicious artisanmade caramel by on our Inside the Loop walking tour.
we're coming for you chicago.
I wonder what will be doing at 1 PM today
I didn't know you liked technology and stuff.
Thanks for the follow, yo.
Wonder if that goes both ways.
RT : I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
Our Feature Showcase at FAI12 is this evening in the Jackson Rm 6PM.
Channel some Bill Withers and make it a lovely day!
I loved the truth in that so much that I favorited it and retweeted it :
i get those every time haha and an asiago bagel
I've wondered if it would work.
Very excited to read it does!
It's not about how many times you tell someone that you love them, its about how many times you prove that you do
I'm not the same person I used to be, gotta admit alot of sht got to me.
The past hurts, but you can either run from it or learn from it.
We are excited to launch our Twitter site for Mojo Marketing, a new concept company aimed at local businesses everywhere!
Welcome!
Come on Buckeyes lets end this so we can watch the Cats
Life is like a bottle of goose, if u dwn to much it can fuck u up lol...
Samuel check up today!
Quote of the day: Never delegate understanding.
Charles Eames
Remembering Philip Lamantia
...
E.g.
Waiting to see what suggestions are given for a particular typo instead if just fixing it and moving on.
Colts hanging on to Mathis...
only 3 days until the decision deadline Peyton.
The Final Jeopardy song keeps playing in my mind...
you make me : ......except when you work at the butt crack of dawn
damn straight I agree!
I haven't seen THE AVENGERS yet , I want to see it so bad, why did I have to get sick last friday, ?
I'm in much need of a day or hell...
a week off.
These 60 hour workweeks are killing me.
James Collins on interdisciplinary work: 21st C science becoming more networked, computational, more adaptable in seeking sources.
I'm not feeling to happy today.
Great Pictures!!!!!
Keep up the good work.
ok who will u kiss dude lol :P
Incredible play by Ishikawa.
I want a replay.
me too, me too!
Blrgh.
Free throws for the rest of the game.
Down 6
Undertaker will never give I dnt think triple h will either
Ard I Will
Acquire more currency.
Disregard bitches.
We may have found our bread ninja thanks to .
Let you know how things turn out.
Meeting next week.
That's just poor coaching!

Thanks so much for the mention!!!
2nite on speedbusters, brings the radar gun 2 a MKE neighborhood where some MFD firefighters are asking for help.
TMJ4  10.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise.
The worst...
Sooners attending today's gridiron match: Be charitable and help the Floridians with their homework.
It'll seem easy, but to them it isn't.
what brought this on?
well hello you!
Wow, only a triple.
Only the doctoramer shall understand realities, though in truth his doctoraming must be not out of proportion to his waking
Got my first jury duty notice today.
Adding to the long list of reasons I'm glad I'll soon be back in NOLA.
Thank you so much!
Perhaps I will play London someday!
haaha its ok.
I doctorve a pervertable, the top don't go down but the doctorver does
That Miley Cirus sketch on SNL was actually pretty funny.
what are some of the ways to make continuing education fun
my bff ily man
Kelly Price...WHAT HAD HAPPEN?
swole son!
Gastric Bypass did that???
cathedoctorl park in st .johns is a must see for any
O's lookin good today!
Especially JJ and Markakis....Yum ;
and best date night ever!
Oh I forgot how much I missed all of my Twitter friends xoxo so glad to be back
WhyDoPeopleThink they have all the anwers and keep talking, when they should really shut up, listen and learn?
ready when u r.
Lol.
Call me maybe?
STUCK IN MY HEAD!!
I love doing redesigns.
Taking someone else's crappy design and making it awesome is so much fun!
Exciting cowrite with the sister!
Using mobile twitter now!
Going to cozy up with some Turabian.
Why do I always do this to myself re: footnotes?
Baby J  at St Jude Catholic Church  W Commerce  Gen McMullen!
Los Despoz performing today for Coors Light Spring Fest 3 Day Event
Just because he says all the things you like to hear, doesn't mean that he is the one for you
I hate you
to see some booty
Always doctorve through the mountains, usually at night or early morning.
Loved stopping and breathing in the crisp air.
Concerned about the environment?
Learn how to identify consequences of water, air, and land prevention methods.
mister Henry Fuchs challenges all shopping malls to meet or beat his 1,000 Pledge!
Thank you so much!
damn.
Selena got killed by the president of her fan club.
Well duhh lol you going to work
As much as I love your place, thats just no fun RT : We watch the game with the volume off.
Happy Birthday Raymond Pinkston!
Alright DC, lift a glass at Happy Hour our President supports gay marriages!
Only if we can also throw a blog party.
Screw it.
Let's just bring back block party.
yes sir, celebrating my acceptance into the league.
Oh how I love our president!
He does so well with his fundoctorisers and makes it work!
: Beyonc has never met competition in her life.
8AM on a Saturdayhello beautiful DC
sorry Amanda my account was hacked...
I do apologize for this..
Sex with one person is safe sex with everyone is dangerous
Great stuff happening at this conf.
in Detroit...
RT : One goal: Reduce the meal gap in this country.
i'm slacking in 3 classes , but in the end , ima pass so that's why i don't panic
this court show thingy..?
Lol there is like nothing on, I'm about to watch sesame street :
Well at least I only got like five emails about foursquare day in Seattle this weekend.
Lucky.
My Vikings lost today.
:
You know what else is gay?
Starting shit with random people that you never talked to on Twitter.
madbro?
Feel the rhythm with your hands?
: So weird, just was about to email you...
o yeah
O .
Just excuse me from the convo
just a heads up for when you get back from Japan, Zumiez has a new pair of P Rod 6.0s that you would love.
you pretty tho...you have any videos of your work?
We promote artists.
Loved your appearance on funny story about Andy Roddick
love to but all the pressers start at noon, feel free to come up here if you'd like
That bump just cost Boston Game 2.
Rondo will get a 1 game suspension.
Silly Rajon!
Going to be tough sorting thru all of the incredible musicians who have entered for the auditions!
What an amazing band this is going to be!
I see people hating on , im a guy mahomie if u got a problem say it 2 my face, if u dont do tht, keep ur mouth shut on here!!
Hey , you should probably hire cops that speak English.

1 catholic party school in the country
Zoo for mothers day 3
Wish my neighborhood had more people to hang with...its so boring here
Just got home, always nice to clandestinely arrive at an event, compete, and steal a medal!
Happy Birthday Golden Girl!
well well we'll see!
lol
thank you!
THE NEW VIDS ARE UP 916 watch them on YouTube
time for a change
why is it that i've not properly thought of certain people in ages and yet they still show up unexpectedly in my doctorams?
why?
LOL RT Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
Besides I come from a LONG line of women who never ate.
I get it honest!
It's not too bad this timeonly about 1015lbs to go.
Toys for the holidays  stop in  check out what we have in our thrift shop!
its all good
awww, hope you got a wave from her!
she always says hi to the tour peeps!
BEST.
MOVIE.
EVER!!!!
Hard to say at this point.
We sure are having fun pinning some inspiring things though, so we hope that won't stop!
:
All instrument tracks are down.
All vocal tracks except one are finished.
On to the fun part!
Work from 1to 9 then off to figure8 wit and my fellow sockets :
Out of a whole entire class standing ad talking I get picked out of EVERYONE and get yelled at....why me?
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
: Hi Ladies!
I hope y'all hit or surpassed ur MamasKitchen pie sales goal!!
yum thx!
Thanks Cory!
RT I am excited about First minimalist shoe store in the Milwaukee area.
habibty I can love you without voodoo dolls, g'night bby
New Sessions of Young Rembrandts at our Art gallery inside Parmatown Mall!
Stop by for a visit and see our great student artwork!
By a vote of 2 to 3, the mayor's proposal to extend bar hours is defeated.
2 guys trying to reach the ceiling and they can't!!
LOL
Gorgeous summer day.
what?!
Who do I need to eat up??
Trapperz choice on check it out PLease support
Thank you for your support!
It means a lot.
Ravens get 3rd picks of both 2nd and 4th rounds in trade with
No girl...still in season :/ RT are you back home?
Man this been the most burning saturday I had in a while.
Can't believe it's March already7 months till the wedding, and so much to do!
ahh that was hard to do but felt great
I hate that feeling
Insights abound and we've just wrapped the first few usability sessions.
I'm coming for grad 
Is there a GOP Debate this Saturday?
I saw a promo on Current for a Wrap up/Analysis with Al Gore at 11 on Sat.
I want some ice cream.
You waved, I waved back but you weren't waving at me, oh.
We play the best Country Music Videos all day every day!!
Send us your requests and thanks for the tweet!
left field bleachers.
Section 235 Row 16
Okay, here's the plan: Step 1.
You give me 10,000.
So far that's all I've got.

To me it's about ESPN hiring someone they didn't know, see, or properly research.
Also 'she' might not exist as such.
Kid Chef in the kitchen whippin up dinner for us!
Eni need a mentor!
Didn't notice.
:
Hope to see you all on Monday at the August Wilson Center!
Biden is just over 6' but the cameras add 7 just like they add ten pounds so he is listed at 6'7 supporting the possible theory
I'll put it up as soon as I can figure that out!
I hope my brother gets the xbox for his birthday so I can get fifa aghh
Finally picked up a copy of OPEN CITY by Teju Cole so I can further enjoy Tob12.
Have u read it, ?
Just because I'm your ex girlfriend doesn't mean you have to ignore me dick.
I hope you're tuning in tonight!
RT Last newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!
everyone go follow her nowww!
She's amazing 3333
Damn he's gorgeous!!!!!
For younger ones, head over to Gibson Library tomorrow at 10 a.m.
for Rhythm  Rhyme Storytime.
Singing, dancing, stories!
Oh my!
:
Although, I am disappointed about Starburns sudden death.
Haha, school is killing me!
I CAN'T FUCKING BREATHE GUYS I'M SERIOUS OMFGGGGGGGGGGG
Why does charlesbarkley hate the Buckeyes?
Go Bucks!!
do you do Netflix?
The first 160 episodes are available on download.
Totally worth it!
Watching some messages from last year thanks to The Life Church App.
Gettin Alexus and Halee ready for school...kidney ultrasound later for Raylin
Hey did you ever figure out what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs?
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Loan Programs starting at a 500 credit score...Contact me for details.
hey : its anna

Fear comes from the unknown.
Discover  search out everything!
Fear not!
Remember!
U can't fix what u refuse 2 confront'
a little reimbursement would be nice, too!
and i will STILL vote for the union.
oh....i get it now...
You were created in the image and likeness of God.
But who are you representing?
You can't hide what's inside
U can't put in what God left out...
yooooo it's...amazing!
Reminds me a lot of Miami actually,,except less women working in nightlife haha :
It's Friday i dont care.
I got my thinking cap on half tilt like T.i..
Carswell F16 guys are gone and now Colorado owns the North end of the base!
Colorado flag flying high over Operations!
I think there is a Peter Burning......
My band Volcano Dolls is playing our first show!!
Thurs/June 3rd/ The Viper Room in WeHo, CA/10:45pm.
Free w password Thats What She Said!
And even in my sleep I am grinding at my teeth.
We have not heard the details but expect there to be a doctorft party and JacketBackers plan to be there
Long slow kisses 
haahah kevin ?
Can you follow me, or tweet me?
plz .
Someday people will listen to my professorssional advice and not shrug it off because I'm just Rick.
thanks!
Great to hear from you, as well, about what's working in your space.
Cheers!
been saying that in Fla for years...no where to go though, bro...
such great news  doesn't get any better than that  bet you've been counting the days to pass that 1st trimester milestone
Inside  Out
nope.
Can't say I am!
RT : How do you build a great brand?
DS CEO Lauren Dixon  Founder Ann Rhoades tomorrow at 10 on
Go dolphins!!!!!
Heat are a joke, is a joke, is a joke, is a joke.
Beat an elite team, damn.
RT : Social networks have increased trust among people, making it easier for collaborative consumption
Today is National Ice Cream Day!
Whats your favorite flavor?
which is why the state of Ohio has zero Lombardi trophies.
I miss my babe!
3
Going to see Juan of the dead tonight!
I will!
My knuckles are all fucked up :l blehhhh
Finished The At Home Studio!
Get ready for some music you never thought could come from Maine!
Johnny, went 2 a career counselor 2 determine what field he should enter.
After testing ...
Read punch line  www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
definitely our summer...
I definitely remember the ice cream part from your vows.
You ever seen a...grown man naked?
isn't ur word with friends name, adesa27?
U put it out there.
Asking ppl.
To play, so why the decline?
don't be too hard on yourself, lol
: RT : Report: Lakers offered Odom for No.
2 pick, Wolves said no NBA dang why the letting him go!
Just feed the beer to her, she wont remember the game
You doing blog tonight bro?
i needa paint my finger nails.
I am BEYOND pissed/annoyed right now.
Thanks for serving!
We hope you had a great experience!!
Since the middle of Dec.
and it is cold today!
should of got a double
Follow me on Instagram !!!
Amen :D
We had a second failure with our database server, we are moving the data to a different doctorve and hopefully should be back up soon.
Is your business doing well but you know it could be better?
wondering where the holes are?
We can find them.
Boost Revenue.
Save time.
well, good luck with that.
hope you do get some sleep in.
i think your gonna pull an all nighter.
did ya get a nap?
bo RT : and the acct is already gone!!!
Thunderstorms are being predicted this afternoon.
How is camp looking for weather preparedness?
My sister is running around so that Carson's pinwheel will spin around without her blowing on it...
lol it curious George lmfaoo u need to now ur cartoons
Writing an article on best practices on effectively delegating responsibilities to your team members.
Looking for comms pros to quote.
RT : FmisterSen Daschle warns intl affairs budget will remain easy political target for cuts.
Come to Korea.
Girls carry big, ornate, vanity mirrors with silver handles in their purses, and bust 'em out in the bar.
So pretty!
Have fun!!
I was a tiny child.
Getting hungry but saving the appetite for dinner
Thanks for the mention.
The Holistic Homeschooler is a must read for homeschool teachers.
I'll give thefrey credit for trying, but this was not the right venue for a soft, off key, acoustic version of
Got a book catalog from an editor today with a client's release in it for spring.
Is time really going THAT quickly?
Time flies...
oh ya I remember her how's she doing
follow me and no im not 40 lol
There seems to be a ton of that going on this quarter.
We're off to a very unsure start.
Hi , How Was Your Day ?
Tim Dillard working Live On The Web!
Check me out...
and make music requests!!!
www.justin.tv/timdillard NOW
Heading to Portland Center office soon, packed day planned  behind on tweets :
mwc2012 what a show!
Travel home safe to all!
i miss it!
Getting spammed on is one of the more annoying things in life.
finishing the Spencer's legacy records today!
hacking this page....
In the club rocking out rich4ever :
Just found water leak 2 in my house.
Oh the joys of home ownership.
I hit up the steam room when that happens, sinus headaches are brutal, hang in there bro!
you guys win.
Forgot my camera again..
And prom is this weekend.
Wow
Enjoy!
RT : I have one tonight with Katy at Midtown.
She rocks!
Who do you go to?
Reminder tomorrow night from 68pm our first Mixer of the year!
Coppia in the Pearl.
www.womenwithmoxie.com for info/RSVP.
Is she cutting some teeth?
My teacher told the clAss to look in one direction...: 24days3x
Well, hello You should really check out our blog iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Did you hear the funny clown music when they were all piling out of the van, too??
youtube just slapped me with a copyright warning in my email for a remix I did...
RT : Come to Cover Girl Winner Party Thursday, January 27 from 9:00 pm to 12:00 am.
Come meet the Cover Girl Contest......
i bought them and I would live to send you a pic of me wearing them!
Twitter pic or email best?
Thanks Google for letting me know that it's CharlesDickens' 200th birthday.
And to think, I would have forgotten!
That's the news...
See me at the tonight at 830!
With wind turbines popping up all over the world, wind power is quickly becoming one of today's most popular renewable energy sources.
got you in the am!!
Imma fave it so I don't forget it
We make many of our decisions out of fear.
Fear is an emotion and living our lives based on emotions like fear will bring our lives to ruin.
For those of us covering Signing Day tomorrow, enjoy today.
Today is the calm before the storm!
On the road again with ..
I pop eyes open without eating me canned spinach
GOD made me like this so, take it up with him
I'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow 3
The guys are discussing the Tigers meltdown last night and playing the blame game.
2488481130.
my opinion doesnt matter.
my voice is just another in the din.
If men cease to believe that they will one day become gods then they will surely become worms.
I  Adele!
Great performance last night at the VMAs.
Simple and beautiful!
At learning about nifty Neatline DH app, allows for geotemporal elements in digital editions.
aw no we're not : but that would have been fun!
Used to live in Madoctord, The Carlos V was a Best West.
where my parents stayed.
Good location, price, clean.
Price range?
Who wtf why are people saying Harry is in Portland.
Omfg maybe he is coming to Seattle to get some Dicks
Delicious brunch!

but Happy Birthday !
: 
When was the last time you gave a loved one flowers...for no reason?
Happy Mothers Day to all of you ladies and !
Been hibernating for the past 2 days: Compiling Federal Reserve quotes with detailed sources.
It's a long and tedious process!
Women's leadership in Mphs.
Is a women's networking event important?
What benefits would you want at a WFGM networking event?
Join us tonight for Ladies night specials!
Only 3 days left till Oktoberfest shenanigans...get excited!
JC Tran has been eliminated
I dont know what I would do if they didnt.
Ur my fav Bucks player EVER.
U remind me so much of AI.
Take that next step BJ!!
New artist of the year...
AyaNna Crawley
Woo going to see the rangers!
Almost to Camden yards
yeah I seen it
Thanks!
I thought it'd look good, but instead it looks AMAZING!
I look forward to having you over.
true well shit just let me know when its gon happen.
I will never understand people with money xoxo
This new Twitter account is designated exclusively to my work here at the Crummer School of Business at Rollins College!
That was another great one.
Aretha's voice  amazing.
Best part of Edwin Maysonet's Brewers grand slam: His sly, postswing, Yeah, just did that pointtothedugout reaction.
Trick or Treat Spa 2day  check out our last minute deals!
Candy, Cupcakes, 30 off all Arasys Packages!Today only!
Happy Halloween!
Do You Like BASS On Your Mother Fucking FACE
It's that day again kids!
AztecMotto on blast getting ready for the game.
Hope you're ready for a whoopin' Broncos!
It's raining in San Diego!!
I'm kind of enjoying it.
36 hours till
Kid Fury cutting up lol!!
RT : Oh, please die.
RT : Nobody is born gay...
thats a decision people make...
yup all the time
Why are Starbucks people always so darn happy??
It's kinda creepy!
Good luck!
I Feel Like a Monkey Without Ear Rings On...
1!
now to start training for next year!
After tonight's performances, we wish we could vote for Adam Levine to win thevoice PS  1 HOUR TILL
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
ok, i'll take that back.
The site is back up.
Always good to see one of my boys from the crib!
That's why we're here.
Not just to go to work, but to do something better.
You aint gotta worry about this, this BlackProblems ohh
Looking at your cell phone during awkward situations.
HAHAHAH , everytime :
Thanks for the mention!
We appreciate your continued support!
Thank you very much!
:
i am going to be up for a while.
Loves Wisconsin.
I swear I have Christmas spirit already!

Thank you sir
imma wait till 11 ' 30 tht's when he unully call thn if not my ass will be sleep .
RT : More 30 for 30s?
Looking forward to the one on Sarah Phillips, ESPN.
Loved it, the show rocks!
Armie hammer was a douchebag at gma this morning.
Signed autographs but would not pose for photogs.
Not cool
: rewinds Avengers trailer as did i.
looks awsome.
I find I have to make excuses/apologies for the punk syllable, so now that's what I start withJeter, play on cyberpunk, etc.
Volunteer signup should be available midApril.
Stay tuned for the exact date!
Yep..
we're done.
Don't look at the new Prada Cadillac/Flame shoes or you'll never pay your bills again.
Waaaaaahhhh!
Im going to see on july 6th IM SOO EXCITED!!!!!!!
Maybe i will be that lucky girl up on stage this time.
Oregon Scientific Wmister00N professorssional Wireless Weather Station, Silver Get Discount
All right then!
I see punctuation on your bio.
It struggles with the ampersand
Tapu Property Valuations  Investors Beware
With 2 blowouts yesterday....its setting up real nice for TEBOW magic in Denver.
In honor of July 4th: Quote from Ben Franklin Reading makes a full man, meditation a professorund man, discourse a clear man.
Turnt up after .
Killed It tonight
I can't wait to see Shania this summer.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
: but u r now
His holiness is on stage!
via : Thanks for following!
I teach Civil War history.
If you could ask your Civil War history professorssor anything you wanted...
On the plus side this is the 1st legit time in many many years I feel genuinely excited for the
Hero clix night...
god, that sounds s uncool!
People that stand up in crowds and record something with their Ipads 
that's so exciting!
congrats!
The bright side of going home sick?
Now I can lay on my roof and attempt to tan
Still partying where are you?
always shows me a good time.
Good morning everyone
America Gots Talent 
great picture...it is such a beautiful day today RT Don't want this afternoon to be over..
So gorgeous out!
heyy!!
Take over my twitter lol I need some tweets I still can't get over ur 80K tweets!!!
best of luck to you will continue to learn from you as you move to a new place sounds like a great new adventure
Mourning the loss of 7 Israelis killed in terrorist attacks near Eilat today.
To the IDF show no mercy.
Let no building stand in Gaza.
Ate at Sandia BuffetHad all the fixens!Played at the mall security sUX.Period.
nm, just on FB and watching the band twitter lol
Oops!
This is opening session, not keynote.
JFW is full of great points.
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
thanks for sharing your dad's quote, he's not exaggerating we have lots of sizes!
What a great way to start our Monday!
Stand in defiance knowing that the 99 are behind you.
I'll miss Palo Alto at the end of this summer.
Midcollege crisis  should I have gone to Stanford?
ya!
you go girl:Dlol
Spent a sunny afternoon in the shops and restaurants of Main Street, Littleton.
A great day!
Another day, another dollaa ;
I should've kissed you, I should of told you, told you just how I feel 
Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling?
GM!
How r u today?
Finally after being sick back to the gym 20high stair master 10 bike then weights bosu sweat good
going to church for the new year.
gotta start off in the right place!
Step 5 Record each topic in Audio Acrobat and use the email publish code or link to use in each autoresponder
Heck, Charles Barkley for Super Bowl halftime 2013.
Give ur home a gift...www.vcassociates.net
Examine the situation before you act impulsively!
Happy birthday!!
Your great and I am blessed by your friendship!!
:
one month 3 thinking of you
my sentiments exactly.
Feel the same way about Poetry, Unvle Senna, and Breaking Bad.
Why am i awake right now??
hahahahah this is why i love you!!!
only harry edward styles would do something like that:p Xx
Junior Seau appeared in 268 games over 20 seasons, tied for 19th most in NFL history
I am going to sleep night sexy and I hope you follow me and tweet me and DM me!
;
: space is amazing.We like chilling upstairs listening to mick bassett.Super hip in pontiac
Oh yes!
Packer domination early!
Lock it in,
No problem!
sundays, chruch, mow grass, watch baseball
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
I guess that means that I have a cousin that plays Harvard baseball
I don't know what to think about Homeless Hotspots down at sxsw.
What do you think?
Meeting workforce needs globally.
MIchael Eskew, CEO for UPS, stresses that we need people who are:  Trade literate  Sensitive 
Dance breaks.
ha!
i already own those
aw fun!
Be careful doctorving it's a little icy
Watching Sex and the City makes me feel like I was a part of the clique.
LOL.
I will bring some.
But they'll be cold by the time I arrive.
;
why the word pot not cannabis!
Derogatory!
But man you're wrong and she's been waiting long and hard to kiss your head and hold your hands and hold you while you fall asleep
slay it brother!
Thanks for the recent RTs!
Must see and before leaving the bottom lounge tonight
today's word is automagically :
OH: I let you go hang out w your friends  tool 
u already have.
well for me anyway.
u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much.
love you.
cme bl to NYC!
Why people get easily attached to me I will never know.
looks good!!
Bloody Bloody Andoctorw Jackson first rehearsal!
FUN!
Yoiks all my grading, invoicing, and new Vocate episode done by 930!
Now just coasting to Avengers with Geoff, , and Art!
NFL has received my internship application.
And now I wait until April.
Hate how I get internship notifications so late
thank you 
Nothing is more attractive than ambition.
Chester French doctorpped some new music?
Swag.
big brother updates followed me!
they know I'm obsessed!
watching basketball cuz that's what everyone at home is doing.
it's rather exciting.
rooting against anything associated with Dallas  bonus
Cute but disappointing that emails aren't answered.
I love it!
Great quote u have!
I'm going to steal it!
I love that today's date only happens once every four years.
happyleapday :
Checked out New Albany Church today where our friend Joel is Pastor good stuff!
Really enjoyed it!
I'm so lame I'm not even sure distributor is the right word to use there.
Just wanted to let ya know, you really inspire many people.
Thank You!
plat on you better the light off.
Friday fishbowl of random tasks reminds me of McGreggor's Dept Store, as a kid.
Where are the plastic dinosaurs?!?
Not very/this summer.
great new bw photo!
Love why do you always come at the wrong time, and at the people who shouldn't?
DC: Desperation noun: the state of being desperate or of having the recklessness of despair; the GREEN team..
Callin' it now.
Idol winner.
We have a headcase and a rookie up top.
That's not a winning formula for me Rapids and that's not a knock on cascio, because he's bright
Hey to all my tweeters...You can also hook up with me on Facebook DM me for the info would really appreciate the business.
Peace!!!
: When I went through customs in Toronto they asked me So what exactly do you do for our government?
LOL what would Jack Bauer say
sorry, I'll yell next time:
are there any outages in the 33014 area?
Today's weather 
we finally eliminated it from our process going straight from sketches to html prototypes.
Photoshop's on my last nerve.
I watch Stepup3 again and again :D
Correction hygiene
only because I didn't mention the Ghirardelli chocolates.
I edit carefully.
Good job Coyotes keep it up my friends
Aw, he thinks Emily and I are gay.
POLLY!!!!!!!!!
Awesome, phillies are pretty much desperate for this win.
bahahaha that's hilarious
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them?
DO U REMEMBER ME??
I showed u an email Susie sent me!!
No seats in the ion session
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
Mark Twain
Fish, Fish and more Fish.
Come in for our beer battered cod or walleye.
Served for lunch and dinner!
don't do it, Valerie.
I fear for your immortal soul.
My friend, we have just Lojacked the janitor
Hey, thanks for following!
I just closed a purchase loan in 11 days.
Really.
Call me for any of your mortgage needs 5128528883
that was one sweaty room but tons of energy, loved that class!!
Fun day!!
Anyone else hope that the Panthers finish off the Devils tonight?
Last uniform day.
Never ever have to wear this thing after today.
awesome!
congratulations.
MG doctorps cheese makers by 5 strokes.
You act like I don't know you're lying to me
seem so desperate lol, no but seriously.
follow me or i'll cry forever.
:P U DON'T WANT YOUR MAHOMIES TO BE SAD DO YOU?
:D
lol :so is it you on ur icon?
Thanks vote for me on waiting for their phone call within a couple of months.
That story BLEW UP.
RT : The Bistro at Bijou FB fan page has gotten more than 5000 likes in past 24hrs from all over world.
Tminus 1 hour: my first big story on TBI with and will be up stay tuned.
Just came in the crib from hoopin at UIC
Learned how to take voices out of a song for my students to use for a cell rap.
Every generation needs a new revolution
call me
Apple bees with , ,  twitterless
This guy is right on the money.
Very articulate.
I'm picking up his book 2moro.
thanks for sharing bro ...
ireallywant Austin to cone to England
I'm thinking about it!
How many you have left?
that's an awfully wide gate at what point are people responsible for solving their own problems/remembering the other 12 times?
It's job shadow day here We will be hosting over 75 students from Columbus City Schools!
Ok.
What's up with the FaceBook this morning other than it being a worthless distraction with all it's quirkiness!
Fix it damn it!
Headed to the movie theater.
Avenger it is
A girl needs her beauty sleep
Damn Boston Market packed tonight.
Oh well...
aww,you're welcome :
Ok, sounds good.
I will tweet you when I get close to ATL, and we can meet up there.
Unfortunately, we cannot fulfill mail orders.
We only stock legal, CA cannabis dispensaries.
Are you near one of them?
Funniest thing overheard today  Girl, hold this while I put my wig back on.
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
Just a little bit stressed right now.
Nothing a couple shots of vodka and a best friend can't fix.
i wish i could celebrate fathers day with my dad like other ppl..
they left me home alone
The glitch mob
Just got the fault in our stars,.
Hopefully makes me cry.
Stick a Norfolk In 'Em might be ESPN's dumbest headline of the week...but certainly not of the month.
Love your posts and quotes, made me smile.
:
Fun fact, Dale once took me to souvenir city with a broken arm RT : Talking baseball w bout Appleton 
Attn all ticket holders, bring ur gabf dayof tix to Oktoberfest Denver for a free beer.
OKT party goes till 1 am Fri  Sat
how is that black?
Besides anything Michael Jackson or from the Breakin' movies?
How about Jam On It
Looks like a fun day in the field!
Survivor All women finalists, all time low for ratings.
Yup.
Something is definitely wrong here theworldwelivein RT : 8 for grapes?
that's 40 chicken nuggets...
Nikki sit yo off ass down...
HahaewwRT : Is there one birthday card out there that doesn't sound like I want to make love to my dad?
Justice for Trayvon Martin!!!
anything chipmunkrelated
What happens in Portland.....
happens at Exotica
ur livin the life..
Happy Easter and remember to stay sideways when u throw out that first pitch....
Follow Me Please !!
Great game of madden swag 2425 quis wins let's go cowboys.
Chips,Soda,cookies
I now know what happiness smells like ...at least according to a candle at Target!
lucky!
Me and and mackenzie are practicing right after school tm i totally keep blanking out on the motions
I know that roof!
What's going on up there?
UPDATE: no rice, but a few bean skins.
I know it mayb bad to say this now..
buht to be honest.
I'm not happy where our relationship stands nemore.
not in australia its 8:48 here ; where u from xo
Hey if you'll go with me to the Mardi Gras party at the IMU Back Alley, I'll be your designated doctorver tonight after that.
I got to see Jerrod Niemann and Chris Young at lunch, today!
I am one happy girl!
I read the new Action Comics 1.
Interesting, more aggressive Superman...
North Korea celebrates Yuri Gagarin's first human spaceflight anniversary with rocket fireworks.
Thanks, North Korea!
Indeed.
We'll miss you JT RT : Tough break, Bucky.
Great effort.
Thanks for 4 great years, JTaylor!
You'll be missed.
RT : Tod: We'll always be friends forever, won't we?
Copper: Yeah, forever.
The Fox and the Hound
oh, thank you!!!
That's so nice of you.
I'm flattered!
i went to walgreens today too go buy with on it and they didnt have any 
We passed the 100 mark!
Thanks Sactown!
Now on to the next landmark!
LETSGOFOR200!
Please RT!
;
Thank You for the RT!!!
YES!
And do gracious...
RT : So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Marvellous Music in Cornwall
: Looping in and on these plans!!
Looking forward to continued collaboration and content engagement
UIS staff members have been scheduling lots of fake vacations to test the calendar.
whats in shanghai?
Fascinating insights about cost doctorvers of sales force iPad implementation in the back end integration  thx A.K.
Kistner from Roche
thanks for being our fan!
off to sleep good night :
Would you dance, if I asked you to dance?
One day will follow me and tweet me.
dunno except don't panic.
Google tips, I get it rarely and try to ride it out
: cut the BTN feed of the Badger game.
Another Big Ten coach told him no one would notice.
lol
Get TAN for Valentine's Day!
9a2p Buy 1 Instant Tan for 14Buy 1 UV Tan, get 1 FREERecycle your LOTION BOTTLE and get 25 OFF a NEW ONE
Awesome!
Send me info at kristin mycoffeeshirt com Will def take a look!
Thanks for reaching out
back in the emerald isle sat 19th just ion time for the caberet,im excited!!!
vino n wino tattoos soon?
going hard!focused motivated!and making it happen!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
Are you back in LA?
You should be getting your package any day now D
I FINALLY FOUND TRUE BLUE.
Can't believe it was at Best Buy.
Thank you all for the recognition!
We love what we do!
: Never thought I'd say this....
But thank you chp !
Got pulled over and the cop let me out of 5 offenses...
Whew!
Great job
1.
When I played Super Mario Galaxy for the first time.
There is something so beautiful about the gravity mechanics  music orchestrations.
if they were the same person, they'd have the same name
As an anthro minor, might really want to follow humanbeings!
Get up with me I'm Ready to get back in the booth !
Stfu go to sleep
I'm def NOT gonna be stuck in my dorm Tonite!
That's a No, no!
Fwd: : Ah!!
RT : proof that twitter is evil: add up the first 144 digits in Pi and you ...
I'm glad I'm not alone haha.
But I really procrastinated on it
Nice to meet you all tonight!
For the record...
, I have not embraced pinterest.
;
Ordered your Born theme and am having a hard time w/the Event Countdown widget and my upcoming ev are showing up as past ev
Color me CRAZY, but Marty Mcfly should have totally boned his mom.
Why is it so humid
Anyone else notice that people are honking a whole lot more in LA?
I mean, it's like doctorving in NYC these days.
Just discovering the responsive layout work and those guys are doing on the bootstrap 2 branch.
Great stuff.
Thank you!
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday anyone know?
Guess what?
As leaders, women rule!
Check out this article that talks about a new study that find females outshine their male...
think it's time for a vacation:!
Do they really have to play the 4th quarter in this game?
pssst check out this guy over in detroit named JSantiago, he's about to blow up lol
Earth Defense Force is out, alien bugs attack the world!
Check out a few music tracks from this great game from D3Publisher and Vicious C
Another great evening at the Harpole Awards.
Thank you for hosting a great event!
Still going.
My current distance is 9.79 miles.
Current song is Far Behind  Candlebox
We had a blast at riverview park!
if you wasn't there you missed out!!!
Someone come change my kitchen light.
I have neither bulbs or a step ladder.
I love when ppl think they have haters, when in reality it's just ppl who don't give a fuck if u stop breathing......
Trucks still in the shop so now I'm in pain from Chinese delivery!
Why did I eat this ugh FML I hurt haha
I wonder what cee lo's magic wand looks like?
It turns out there's an ocean trench called The Milwaukee Deep.
Great day of voice rounds and preschoolers putting babies in the toy kitchen microwave but sad to be
Had lunch with a genuine rockribbed Texas Republican!
I hate when skinny females say they fat in front of thick females!
Bitch if u fat I'm obese!
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN MIAMI I WOULD LOVE TO SET UP A INTERVIEW WITH YOU
I'm reading The Hunger Games right now and it's so reminiscent to Battle Royale.
I think I'm getting bored.
what are you doing today, bro?
How's everybody surviving the thanksgiving aftermath?
ESPN must have a rule where whenever they talk about the Yankees they MUST show them playing the O's in the broll footage.
To all Cedarville students: How was thecelebration?
Send us some photos of your preemptivelove for Iraqi kids  we'll share them!
Glad to see one of our fav brands at
Edwin Maysonet just jacked a grand slam for , Crew up on Cubs 61 after 6
here is a compliment for you..you're cute:
Happy Monday!
Its Pouring outside...making it a netflix day and night.
Have a great Saturday!
: love your twitcon!
Ok just got mindfucked.
My breakfasts are on the house, but the hostess know who I was and what room I was in without me saying a word!
sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
this is a response to your greed.
You have only your colleagues on both sides of the isle, yourself to blame.
nothing at all there's a thing called class and I have it.
So keep writing obscene shit it proves my point
happenedyour not following fad i miss you and hope you well happy almost birthday!
Beautiful Andy, just beautiful!
:
RIP Ronnie Montrose!
Perfect!
See you then!
yea I graduated from college n shit
: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
What did do this time?
God Morning.
kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library  Childoctorn's Center, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
09/01/2011  Governmental Affairs Speaker: State Senator Dan Patrick
My Morning Jacket on Storytellers and a swig of Knob.
I didn't know that women stopped graduating from college in 197522 yo at aauw11 LOL That was my daughter Rose!
But sure looks that way!
Oohhh for what?
How old are you?
: Get you WM Gift.
Your a winner!
Your prize....VIRUS
Camera adds 10 lbs not 40.
Hit the gym bitches.
Ted Nugent hasn't been relevant in the rock industry for over 30 years!
I was totally walking in the streets yesterday!
I'm home alone yay : lol
Two more days!
Abducting the Future for Success: SU Theater / 3:30 pm / Oct.
2nd / FREE
back from hanging with my friend taylor...gotta leave in a bit for math class :/
Had convo with this student whose bf is HIV.
He dated him knowing he was .
His friend contracted it from1st sex experience.
HIV is serious
um yo what you doing??
This is going to be epic with moments of boringness in between.
I hope you can handle it.
Just two more days and the party is on!
Can't wait.
'Bout to be hellllla fun.
; Fuckyeah 
Can't sleep 
HAD A BLAST WATCHING THE FIGHT WITH MY BIFFLE : DOS SANTOS!!!!!
WOOT WOOT :
Back to Lux after a two week travel extravaganza and what makes it even better?
A huge stack of letters!
I love my friends and family!
I just don't understand those people that you give a chance to speak, and they just dig themselves a deeper hole!
Artistic geniuses are so angsty...
AdviceFromASenior learn to handle your liquor please, it will save you the embarrassment
What do you run instead?
It's as good as it sounds.
:
Going to be a rough couple days, miss and love you ben.
RIP.
Great to see a proud successful Latino man not ashamed of connecting w/ the Latina audience.
Loved the issue!
Perverts, all of you.
And I'm more Skipper than Barbie.
ive punched my bed a few times after frustrating losses.
also ripped up a favre jersey after favreageddon I
Going to the Rockies game today then to my abuelita's for some home cooked comida!
words w.
friends?
: brecravens34
No more editing GOSH MY HEAD HURTS LOL I want to go out umm where 2 go In Eville 2night LETSTHINK??
I guess i don't really know you, but according to my timeline I wish i had : HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
3
Another internship opportunity: has summer internships with a deadline at 3/17!
Learn more here today and apply!
Can I come with you?
Junior RIP
Be ready for whatever comes your way ..
Which is what I just said using other words...
:D
We know the feeling!
we are a store in New York City!
Check out kmcamera.com
5 more minutes!
Thats awesome!!!
kickoff is at 6:30, more details are on the FB group invite lol
Bein sick and in bed for weeks straight then working out your legs  soweak :
Special things really do happen when something, or someone inspires the fight in a team, other than the game itself.
Indy!
I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen.
That was a boxing movie.
Danny DeVito
yes!
to a writing deal it's still a long shot but i'm in the process of meeting with people!
fingersandtoescrossedtwice !
How come I have to click ok three times now to delete a DM?
You are so welcome!
Wish your film much success!
:
Getting your fatass iPod from the PE boys locker
PEACE will come when our hearts are filled with peace.
We think, act and will PEACE in our hearts.
Then we will enjoy PEACE of mind.
PEACE
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing
I'm such a delinquent tweeter.
Thanks for the FF last week!
TeamOMG  Proudly representing the city of Milwaukee since September 2010.
Oh what a night this has been!
S/O to my new followers too!
Some real cuties ;
and she's fat...
I miss the trashy bitch she use to be
dont the Lakers need action after the ball is in the post like screens to slow down the help?
Too easy to double the post right now
Instead of quotas and numbers, Heather prefers working with people
Where there?s a will there?s a way.
English Proverb
are u in a bad mood today?
New column debuts in todays Nonpareil Lifestyles section
So many ways to do this day, focus on the positive and I bet you have a powerful
Why am i waking up so early now on weekends?:/
If it's possible to squee with Cookie Monster vocals, I just did it.
RT : Google taught me way more than what highschooltaughtme.
I love you Google.
FINALLY did my taxes w/ HR Block At Home.
cannot wait to see Hightower out on the field on Sunday's for the Patriots.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind dont matter, and those who matter dont mind.
doctor Seuss
hahaha you could have split mine!
it was enough for at least 2, maybe 6.
:
Awesome preso.
Thanks for an informative and entertaining afternoon.
Lmao.at the kitchen table talkn to my twiin in li brother.....
I believe bastardo is actually the trousseau of Jura...may be gone from Madeira but still around
oh trust me it is gudd
that's ok, there are gators everywhere  go !
off to California this week to take up my new position as Director of Product Design for Pro Performance Sports Goodbye
Dayyyummmm man I was hoping My momma didnt know I was home ..
sighss shit !
The Knicks play all or nothing game...
They better play like there aint no tomorrow.
What gender do you associate with numbers 010?
0 and 1 are easy.
But 5?
Via
lead activitiesing and helping with reading and math skills for students in grades 35 how wholesome and wonderful.
Have not been here in a long time.
Time to catch up.
Learning more n more everyday.
About myself and a being and as an actor!
u welcome
My dad was a huge Fuck up.
And my mom was dumb lololol
whats going on in the ville tonight!?
straight paths ate booing.
Also I'll have you know that I bought the whole One Direction album and I enjoy it.
There.
Don't put curry in your oatmeal.
It does not taste good.
We would love the opportunity to make your Spring Training experience great.
Mention our blog for 10 off.
seems like Kobe and.La.
Gor the same bug as Melo and NY
lol.
Come set up camp.
can't wait to go to the dermatologist tomorrow.
That awkward moment when ur KitKat doesn't make the click noise..
N the studio with the fellas
ooh Mayan food sounds delish.
I definitely will check it out while I'm in sf thanks!
The bullshit on the plane.
It's a great day to be planning your next adventure.
Come join us and impact lives by working at a SummerCamp this summer.
In the studio..casting for a pageant today!!
whos making u mad ??
that's so great :
haha I know :
Tonight I get to watch Sorcerer, one of my favorite movies!
Nice meeting you as well!
Indeed, I have not, which is a cryin' shame...congrats on your opening!
I was delighted to hear the news.
Not elected to office, but only their name will be on the general election ballot.
Listen to my internet Live Talk Show every Tuesday from 10am11am Pacific time!
go to: www.doctorosie.com and click on Listen Live.
i may have to borrow an embroidery hoop if you think you still have one....
i used to do school work.
RT WE have to be better.
truth ogle
Flying high on a very encouraging email from a publisher this morning.
amediting and grinning.
boys don't get the message,,you have to come right out and say i like you man for him to process what's happening.lol
Ready for warm weather and things that bloom.
Hey you know what I was thinking we should do..
VIVA!
Thought I was invincible when I decided to go right back to work after traveling half way across the world.
I'm truly exhausted.
What's up w both Toshiba and DirectTV having the same 'improbable series of events' theme to their broadcast ads?
FirstEdition wants you to get Dirty with us...in the garden!
LynnSnodgrass, host of GardenLivingSaturdays joins us w/ wkn ideas
Running late /
Hey I was in your great store 2 years ago while staying at the amazing Coronado hotel!
Hope to come sign with you some day!
DL
WOO KG!
mca of the beastie boys passing 2day made me think of  us jamming 2 them as teens  misbehaving!
melissa
I want to see this Anchorman 2 teaser and I want to see it now.
Not going to miss my downtown apartment since I'm leaving it for a house with a brewery and a garage.
I hear ya us too
it's like gods hair !!
She once placed an entire order for our family of 5 at the Burger King doctorve thru trashcan.
eu votei u.u.u lindoooooo

HowCanYouExpect to get respect .
.
if you dont give it .
.
just had the chance to watch your Live  7 from last night  wow!
Thx for your incredibly kind words about PHAME!
that's not as bad as going after unsweetened baking chocolate.
First 2009 winners crowned at Pomona season opener...
missed me.
Thank you: how u been doin?
Thanks, Katrina.
Hope all is well!
Saw an adidas samba shoe today...flashback
New album today!
Good morning!
Have an amazing day!!!
Last full week before break!!
Let's go!!!!
I'm way too faded!!
hahahaha so true.
Never knew it was possible to be at the airport outside of your gate and still not be sure where im going
shhhhhh no one knows ;
MY PHONE TRIPPING GOTTA GET HOME INTERNET ASAP
Aw, I was there on Thursday!
Paths almost crossed!
I hate Floyd.
He's such arrogant prick.
Ugh.
and Killed it at Coastal Carolina!
Vid is so fucking sick!
Like it if this is how your week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
YoMommaSoFat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring
RT: Sorry But you've become not much more than trash TV and you're outta here!// Amen and double amen
Man alot of these celebrities are pushing maximum density  their clothes just make em look worse.
Let's take that leap and be kind to one another for this leap day on the horizon.
Good morning Tweets and FBs!!
Just waiting for the session to start.
Darlene will take bribes.
Chocolate preferred
You ever realize that Violent J kinda looks like Gary Moore?
1of2 don't like uconn as our poss sec game but if it was the way wants it we'd have someone like Ohiost in the first round
Mortgage Rates: No Change in Outlook.
Choppy Waters in Short Term
Eager to hear from a live human being if it's good or simply violence pornography.
i tried to cal but cant get threw
Day 2  Sports Authority.
We are shooting at beautiful Lake Casitas in Ojai, CA.
I brought the whole family along, my dog is loving it!
bra I was talking about 4 2nite
Such an incredible blessing to have a life filled with so many beautiful people and opportunities.
Thanks for all the love.
It is too overbearing sometimes.
Nice to get the good 'ol tan back this weekend.
Thank you baseball season.
Some love one, some love two.
I love one that is you.
oh it's so clear now ;
The only reason why your boobs are big is because its making up for the brain you don't have lolspasm u no who I'm on bout?
Saw Sedgwick and the cast of The Closer at screening at the SAG offices on Wilshire last night.
Great episode !
: Alright whose the asshole that puked down the stairs in the physics building hitting floors one thru three o wow lmao
Youssou N'Dour at the Kennedy Center tonight, for free!
I love living in Washington, DC
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way.
Don't find an excuse !!
lol but when i see you we gonna fight lol off rip
the pope has a twitter...
Of course I followed him...
Going over to to talk to Occupy MN protesters.
Wonder how long they can stand the cold?
you don't get to hang out with your friends as much, and it can get lonely for some people.
I always see the same people lurking by the copier.
There is nothing on the planet that needs to be copied as much as these people copy.
Didn't know he spent time in Reno.
Nice.
: And yes, that is the same Jeremy Lin that played for the Reno Bighorns
oh ok!
menos mal
we in there !
great to meet you Cory!!
Get out of here with that ugly ass avatar!
it's Calvin from 227, not Melvin.
damn that's a nice ass title.
You must be an Outkast fan like myself
I finally witnessed the madness myself.
Didn't bring enough stuff to be concerned haha.
Has anyone gone ring shopping at one of our FlyerFit retailers?
I wanna Dance.....
my greatest disappointment with Philadelphia is I have to watch that show alone.
REVENGE!
Turns out we were 7hrs early 4 the Yankee game.
Now enjoying the rapture in Riverside Park.

Will we see you at tonight's FreshCoastFriday's at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill?
It starts at 5 o'clock.
While many states move ahead for a better future, NC decides to take several steps backwards.
The old fashioned  the bible says...
won.
Naughtons has been a Tucson fixture since 1951.
If you haven't stopped in to any of our 5 locations you haven't seen Naughton yet.
Blink182.
Offending moms since 1992.
Those friends who are always there for you....
Sometimes your TwitterFriends are better than your real ones.
JustSaying 
Ha!
Of course, We both know how that worked out, right?
Birthday shopping in Chicago :
she lied ; RT mom said I was handsome :
What about The Giant Jam Sandwich?
I had completely forgotten about that one until you mentioned yours!
Always love those daily calls with , catching up on doctorma llama and gossip and what goes on in life, haha.
Good Morning Madz!
still haven't heard from sigh
Hang in there!
Everyone in my office feels sick today but me  change of weather Trying to stay strong!
have you seen the train of boycotting his advertisers?
follow boycott rush.
i have a small obessesion with easter egg jelly beans..
honor your past.
enjoy the present.
prepare for the future.
you bet it was!
You can catch the next one every Thursday
yes I think for the most part.
Its all about independent info these days.
Unaffiliated forums seem more reliable I think
yep!
that will do it.
Evil Boy, honestly what is with those South Africans.
District 9 freaked me out too.
Parents are pissing me off!
haha That would give it away.
What is Sir Marky Mark O' Muncie doing tonight?
I just want one follow from one of the boys.
My work is becoming my doctorams.
At our event marketing seminar.
Full room.
Good salad.
Salmon just arrived.
will do!
I feel like I'm doctorwning.
Thanks to BCS Chamber for great awards event last night!
I'm so happy to have Pettitte back!
Go Yanks!
OK third attempt at sleep tonight.
Just pounded a bag of sugar snap peas.
Sometimes the robot takes its time RT : What prompted Google Alerts to find a comment I left on a blog 3 yrs ago...
today?
doctoram accomplished, you DO inspire me.
in need of a good blackhead/face cleanser scrub, suggestions?
hey boo
went to a how to eat healthy in grad school talk with 4 boxes of Girl Scout cookies in my bag.
ideal vs.
lol you know how I feel about 90's music!!!
Confused on how I got 100 on something but I missed 3 questions?
Oh well :P
that was a dominating effort well done for the cardinal
heard you today on Savage Love, brought a smile to my face on an otherwise doctorary WI tues.
Keep on you Vulva puppeteer you!
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream.
:
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there.
Venus Williams
Funny, Linda!
thanks about the article!
RIP RT lol I just had a Cheese Burger, Big Mac, large fry and a large Milkshake
The groundbreaking2012 ceremony was amazing!
NMAP2015 is next!!
uummmm you already looking at 45 to life my guy...
any mid race update??
lets get them scoring time
It's on!!!
First one home gets one minute alone with the buffalo chicken dip.
Billy Crystal back and hosting the Oscars makes me feel like all sense has been brought back to award shows...can't wait!
Evanovich, Lean, Mean Thirteen.
Another one into the pile for 2012's booksale.
One more left from 2011 sale?
You betcha.
Getting halohalo post cuz that's how I roll :D
My love for you keeps me human
Ugh,pulled all nighter last night Today,My Son,School,doctorvisit,dinner,laundoctor.I'm pooped!
I want to see the Chief though!
Veteran leadership of course.
Thank you.
I think i understand where Andoctorw Luck is coming from, theres so many question marks for next year
Picture wrap on and for  that means they're done!
Party time!
totally do it!
I'll buy a mote just for that.
hey neighbor!!!!
That's more like it!
I may not email so much but I'm always on twitter!!
The biggest mistake you can ever make in a child's life is taking away the necessary building years of playing sports, and just being normal
Check out , and me at the Star Tribunesponsored night of the Holidazzle parade tonight.
We'll be jingle elves.
RT if you're going to see on Thursday at the LC, 7p!
I'm having pajama monday.
dodges flying shields
Well, it's safe for you to come back into Little 5 Points again!
All the crazy costumers are gone!!
: Don't pretend everything's okay, open up to someone.
you'll feel ten times better.
Good to hear.
Going good.
Just been learning as much as I can  working hard.
We gotta get together one of these days.
: I need a cocktail after that bullshit!!Who u tellin!?
Dear BlueMountain, lessons useful, rentals orderly, lift nerve wracking  fun!
Splendid overall!
However, your survey ends w/ a loop error
If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow meJesus
its where we are located.
Its on glenwood
So if you love somebody better tell them so cause you never know when they gonna go.
If they love you back just give thanks..
Cant keep love
and the anticipation is literally killing me
Don't forget, folks!
We have a show at The National Underground here in Nashville on Tuesday, March 6th!
If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it.
H Jackson Brown Jr
Back in the library after 5 days offcampus.
Time to start scheduling some appointments.
Can't wait to hear the voiceover, misterUbik!
Hugs From Behind  InstantTurnOn : Girls
Got a tough project?
30 mins of concentrated effort sets you on your way.
Don't procrastinate.
Work in 30 minute bursts/gets it done.
I was just informed that I'm 'footloose and fancy free' ;
Slushy day in Santa Fe!
Sometimes I'm sorely tempted to send let me google that for you links as a response to my neighborhood listserv.
I resist.
not that kind of big.
Met with Deedee Bradley who casts Switched at Birth and Smallville.
Said I was adorable!
Yay!
lol.
Who you telling girl?
Yu better not be sending me off eitha.
Trust me, i'm a ninja.
I want to email you some tracks if you're interested
where is it located
Somewhere in TN with killing Poison's Momma's Fallen Angel while watches The Wire.
well don't rush!
Hahah but good luck :
Baseball and Steak Night.
Get in here!
hey kid!
Finally joined the mommy club ...
Lol
A Perfectly Fall Recipe: Pear Bread
Good afternoon!
Hope everyone has a blessed Saturday.
IGN took off review points for Minecraft on Xbox 360 because it doesn't support mods.
What Xbox 360 game DOES support mods???
Today's agenda: Try to deal with /or avoid crazy roommate, squeeze in a manicure, interview with a vampire interviewer, Game of Thrones
just purchased tix for the show in MKE next week!
is hoping there is a biebs cover involved.
really annoyed at this weather.
was looking forward to the food truck road warriors today.
Q4 find your twitter niche and get involved in chats like InternPro  I did after grad during my first job.
Whole new world ...completely
pay that guy no mind.
He's from britian
here with belle .
Arrived at Izmir, Turkey.
Had nice dinner with fam on a roadstop, cost?
12!
Filled the gas tank, cost: 105!
BBQ plans for the Holiday weekend?
Do your best to reach for the lean protein options and the fruits and vegetables.
You'll feel better :
Headed from Richmond to Atlanta on 85 south anybody know what the weathers like ahead?
I desperately need my hair done.
good luck!
Just heard David Peaston passed away yesterday also.
Am I late?
RT : it's spring time.
weather is nice.
and I need to be in it.
Cast removed.
Any advice on helping a 3 year old not leaping from tall buildings for the next few weeks?
thanks for your continued leadership in supporting the
There is no doubt that is basically the most awesome person ever.
Such a fun interviewer, yes!
It's in OP near Panara it's called Francesca's
my gym is in hot boy overload today!
yum yum gimme some :
To Mick Foley at IMPACT WRESTLING:BRING BACK THE 6SIDED RING TO IMPACT WRESTLING!
Stand by me best moviee
I9 compliance strategies: internal  external audits, train HR, and have a system for responding to the gov't.
Groupie Bitches 
frank and nics actually calls itself a sports bar.
I am ok anywhere I can see the game.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!!
Answering Questions  Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!!
Words of wisdom for today: There's plenty of time to live in a van down by the river...
When you're living in a VAN.
DOWN.
BY.
THE.
RIVER.
Sex IS Better Than Love !!
:
Walked two 8 incline miles, upper body strength training and 2 minute forearm plank.
we are proud of you too!
RT Auto show with tonight!
Papa Meiers would be so proud of his little girl :
Made it home safe....
AMEN TO THAT
did the internet get you there easily?
yeah i like j cole
ooooohhhh that made me laugh so hard....
true thing my brother.
mnwild When did te NHL remove the interference rule?
Contract was a scam guys!
Sorry for the excitement keep helping and supporting us!
groping your flyer...
no problem my sweet dear.
Heck of a season.Thanks for the badgers coverage this season.
I really enjoy your stats,quotes,pics  personal take on things.
ugh.
depressing day.
even coffee won't fix this slump..
throws on 3 goggles RT: officially done with Freshman year of college
I haven't been active on here for awhile...going to make a point to converse more.
Does anyone else see the similarity between Timeline Apps and all those apps people used on MySpace back in the day?
My sisters graduating class was just announced at the class of 2001??
I think the woman was about 10 years behind schedule..Congrats !
was actually the first time and I saw it..we laughed a lot!!
Sure thing!
Hope you're having a good day as well.
and it's successful just furthering stupidity!!
Now he will keep doing it.
I have like 72916392 pairs of sunglasses.
Actually, only like 4 or 5 but yeah.
I love sunglasses though:
i still pretend to be with Balki when the wind blows hard and I struggle against it.
: Best party on the earth, and with 15 of the best bartenders on the planet.
You guys rock.
Carnival
the lamb slaughter is in ANOTHER script?
Always prepared to live the High Life!
get mad....
Haha then I go live life to get some inspiration
You would be correct.
Little highways that lead to no where lol ;
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
The most powerful gift human beings have?
CHOICE
You've gone so far already3 All mahomies are so proud 3
I change it to ringtone every March RT Anybody else have One Shining Moment on their iPod?
Admit it.
Nope not really!
RT : Do we have to care if others perceive us as entitled?
Do we have to change?
I have two people inn mind...lmao
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
6
Xyleme LCMS is 100 XML, so its based upon granular open RLOs for collab  multimodal output.
Happy to set up demo
Is rocking out to youtube.
: music Then has has homework later....fuckthatshit XD
Why is Austin so sad
exactly, they'll learn once we've all graduated and gone our separate ways
I almost texted you when we passed the Fernandina exit.
Why were you there again?
Seems so...
out of your element.
heinz field
Being forced to watch the Heat/Pacers game against my will.
.
.
Will be in D.C.
tomorrow promoting the new movie 'Fair Play'
Swine Flu claims life of a U.S.
toddler in Texas according to the CDC this morning.
No details on child.
This is first death outside Mexico
I Love you mom i know it hard being a single mom, but i just want you to know i love you and i thank you for eveything you did TurnToYou 3
heartbreaker Currently having a baileys on the rocks in celebration.
still trying to figure how to wk it :
Riding thru downtown
Huskers' Niles Paul out with foot injury
Thursday  1/2 off Wine Bottles All Night!!
Thank you for following, Means a lot to me, I will definitely be picking up this book!
Home alone  doorbell rings  I'm going to die.
70 campuses?
Misleading, again.
It's 23 institutions, most 2year.
In Utah, 136,000 students in public institutions.
Bob Uecker...come on dude.
You gotta' stop almost calling it.
Brandon Bogut Bucks
New post: David, oh Delicious David
My church goes hard man.
Outside the building too.
7 impressions comparing MLA12 and SIBOS
Disco935 New York Plays Ill Lick You and Kiss You Like A Lollipop www.dissco935.net DJ Vjc Mixer
Is ANYONE watching GCB?
Pedestrian and derivative and those are it's good qualities.
Won't last.
Sign up for www.streetgroovemagazine.com Unlimited social network and Internet marketing
i hate the new facebook look
Ill check it out.
Thanks
Got my dog's teeth cleaned today.
I hope when she smiles a 324dollar star sparkles off her canines.
Also, she looks so stoned right now.
Thanks.
I don't think it was dehydoctortion.
I hydoctorted well, but maybe electrolytes.
I did use a Clif Shot...
Omg is that real life?
RT!!!
Needed that :: Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn.
Everything happens for a reason.
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome, and I don't feel like I am strong enough
Next big thing: video game called Mass Affect, where we all log into XBox Live  share our feelings in a virtual outer space.
Snarted RT : and Tom would be a creepy owner haha.
Absolutely.
If you want an evaluation pass, just let us know!
thanks.
You 2
they're only following 80
It is so amazing how someone can have lime, neon green eyes in one picture, and the next have perfectly brown eyes!
NP: cheers
hey seattleites  does anyone have a power washer I can borrow?
Koman CNY exec director says regional affiliates urged nat'l to reverse decision It was a mistake...We didnt belong in that conversation
Tony Parker is only 29?
Wow.
Very unsatisfied with my choice of eating Subway over Chiptole
Man, that vs.
twitter battle is crazy!
Dudes are funny!
Can't decide between going to a scholastic bowl meet and getting AP US History extra credit
.
Senate Republicans have refused to rebuild and modernize our schools and community collegeswhy?
That concludes our lunch meeting today.
Hope everyone enjoys the rest of their day and marks their calendar for the Sailabration!
sorry about tonight...was in the middle of a dinner meeting and didn't get out till 8:30pm.
I will see you on Friday.
when Jamie Moyer made his debut, who was the oldest player in MLB at that time?
Thx!
Should be a fascinating answer...
What a colorful sunset.
The Sandia mountains are so magnificent!
I just need somebody to love...
RT : Bar Ilan School of Communication of Israel organizing Chicago Summit 2012  a wk of events in Chicago May 17.
Time 4 sleep...
lol his friend just sent me a dm, you a true snake bruh, I'm telling you said fuck him, you probably reading this tweet and feeling stupid
More energy than most days, still less than optimal.
Oof sorry to hear that.
If I win, you are welcome on my party plane to Hawaii!
being on facebook just starting doctorma and mess you
Its the black 64
When my parents find out i need to pay when i apply to college they're going to freak
LMAOOO i felt like i didn't even see you today like uhh
Smeagol from Lord of the Rings having sex with a black girl: oh, my precious
Talking in an English accent at WholeFoodsAtx, getting lots of silly looks 
I thought I meant more to you.
Community and pizzarolls.
I love right now.
Directing Life Tracker will make me a better screenwriter, because I can see how many words are just not needed.
That was a great episode of CriminalMinds tonight
In the census session at
too lazy to twitter ,lol
no thanks to Finley's td doctorp!!!
1: Minimum number of times per day I get frustrated that gmail keyboard shortcuts don't work in Outlook.
2/2 and make boehnercantormcConnel's head explode.
And yeah finally govern on his terms.
No law of any sig.
will get to him bef election
: I saw Beauty  The Beast in 3D.
It's a feast for the soul.
Lovingly romantic.
Haley Rinheart will been OK she just needed a little set back to keep her humble.
Um maybe you shoulda continued the shy role cause you just blew it!
Unity is a mutual decision which selects a particular path toward a shared destination.
i will let OED know.
Cedar waxwings in the apple tree outside my office window.
aw, you should have set aside some time for yourself.
You know, relax a little
Just got back from my meeting with black cash, TeamMilitant all the way......
definitely!
There are lesson plan 'packages' that archaeologists have developed for teachers.
Heard of 'project archaeology' ?
: If You Coming Out To See Me Live in GRAND RAPIDS TONIGHT TWEET BACK !!!!!
Can't make it, enjoy Grand Rapids!
Yes!
werk bookit photography RT : New Headshots by on order at ArgentumPhoto  Let's do this!!!
RT : Happiness is my destiny...
I don't know about you but I'm expecting for a victory over Chivas USA!
RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
Smh Central was like jail today....
god not gods lol.
I see god as the unmoved essence of everything.
Not a pissed off old vouyer
LA Museum of the Holocaust is OPEN today.
Come hear Sol Berger's incredible story of survival today at 12:00 PM.
Admission is free!
I ta ta tweeted you today 
They had several flavors, the only one I can remember was a cinnamon flavor.
All of the sharks loved them!
Very creative and smart...
Off brand bitch lol
Pure is looking for a digital project manager.
Know a good candidate?
Tweet me.
My Love n I been together for 5yrs n our sex still b on fire!
Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5.
R kelly  the worlds greatest
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.
Pericles
Hi Kelly!
Thanks for the follow!
don't get in the way of me making mistakes!!
You sharin.?
RT : finna eat some cap'n crunch
needs to stop being so M.I.A.
n not forget us little ppl, who want nothing but to know they friend still alive n well :
Storm coming out of Watertown area has power to create damaging hail.
It's late, I should be in bed.
But instead, I'm doing yoga...in my work clothes.
Maybe next time I'll think twice before coffee at 8:30 pm..
panic at the disco
thats what i thought danny!
no shortage whatsoever....
:
nccetl kids want dynamic resources not just textbooks it's possible to embed more  more
Never allow loneliness to doctorve you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with
Really?
A paragraph only, huh?
You've given me something to think about.
Thanks.
A laugh!
And yet, I fear you must wait till circumstances arise that will sanction a closer intimacy.
Then I saw a nigga with a polo shirt where the horse ws so big the man ws on da bck of the shirt!
Com on son dat shit aint real!
they are brown most of the time only when its like a full moon or something is when they turn dark blue.
Ray Charles!
I'll be presenting at 2:15 in the presentation room.
I've always guiltily appreciated MNF's love for the Bears and wondered what possible reason they could have for it.
yeh that's the one I'm talkin bout lol
Trayvon's history is extremely relevant to whether he may have attacked Zimmerman.
If he has no record, that's relevant too.
Best night in a long time :
lolz I dunno I'm half asleep here
My mom and I watched it all the time when I was little.
My favorite is always Chicken Soup With Rice, but it also has...
Great folks to follow:
YES PLEASE!
RT  : How about we announce the winners of the Maya Jane Coles picture disc 12?
ah i gotta wake up at 6am, but i'll wait a little in case someone uploads soon!
hehehe
House hunting in Methuen / doctorcut for a sunny 3br/2bath GEM with fireplace on 1 acre with finished basement.
NEW!
Priced to sell.
Call BFH!
RANDI, he had you saying jackme off
Back at work after a wonderful week of vacation off the grid.
Feeling rested and recharged.
artsummit in session on Global connectivity, what responsibility does developed world have to developing world arts?
Toy story 3!!!
what heat were you in
YES.
That's a perfect analogy.
The Red Rocks are amazingg, my favorite one was the snoopy one:
Jan Baum is up now, talking about Interdisciplinary Object Design designconvo 37
yeah, he saw my get up kids shirt, I think that tipped him off!
My best friend is literally fucking insane and this relationship has become so toxic that it needs to just be ended.
Cold fucking turkey.
Andoctor miller sucks.
yes, that's been fixed.
thanks husband Chris for the Happy Birthday message: In a world full of wonders, you are among the most wonderful of all.
RT : Loving reading the cbsdayinthelife series.
Can't wait until next August!
awesome job at House of Blues last night!
LOVED you!
Wish I was at
Does she refer to herself as Cleaning Lady or Cleaning Person?
clearly haha, btw WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!!
k I will!
: and omg Hoot Fest Is Gna be AMAZING!!
:
Women  Men s Comfort Fit Titanium Wedding Band  6 mm
I'll have to check dates and such, I need to attend a warped this year
well i didnt know that.
to work within a system of checks and balances for the good of WE THE PEOPLE!
what a great day for me and for all my followers, tell me if posible if something great happened to you today
so sad I couldn't see last night at homecoming 
Somehow I have developed an Irish accent by talking to my cousins.
School tomorrow should be interesting now
When someone breaks your heart, someone else is waiting to fix it.
Super excited!
About to see in downtown Indy!
Going in at 11 today, so I'm spending the morning writing and looking at all the outfits from the Met Gala.
All of them.
RT : coalition is bringing folks together to extendlearning.
Great 2 see  others stepping up 2 give...
Read all of tweets before you go to school.
That's what I always do..
Firefox  Google Chrome
Who's that guy?
it's a laying on the floor listening to '69 love songs' by Magnetic Fields sort of day I guess...
I would watch John Carter 10 more times before I'd sit through Hunger Games again.
Please let everyone who's over the age of 16 reject this.
Life and family are great.
Son just turned 7.
Rocked a orange glaze pork tenderloin last night.
waytooexciting feelinold ;
You live in California??
I'm jealous.
Happy Birthday hot mama
over something stupid.
That I dont give a fuck about.
But I guess its my fault?
TwSIG Listen and follow first, and learn the twitter way of conversation.
Be responsive and forthcoming and in realtime.
Celebrate comm.
There's good information to share with my jour111 students in this lecture, but I must admit to picking a snoozer of a lecture.
Yeah I got wifi....
didn't say it was mine.
icons website is hacked.
again.
EveryDay Im Chucklin :D x
Taking the lane has added benefits.
As cyclists we have power to slow down cars for pedestrians  everyone else.
He's the guy she loves, the guy she's waited to get online, the guy she waited for his calls, but he's also the guy who didn't love her back
What is trending right now?
We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
you're the coolest dancer in rochester todd!
So glad were friends!
Thanks for spreading my love!
You rock
How did this come together?
There's a chance I can swing by.
: The chorus of, Without You, was done by the incredible  go follow him!
much love
A little over 2 more months and I'll be 22 
It's awkward but now if you have sex with bananas and condoms, you'll.know what to do.
The ski conditions at was awesome today!
If you were not there, you missed it!
Loving the Moguls on the Upper Omigosh.
:
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
: 33
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters
that's like shit!
:p Loll
Miss you too!
Hope all is well in sunny Cali!
Playing Angels and Kings in Hollywood tonight.
you trying to play there?
Happy vday everyone.
I hope no one had to work as hard as I did today!
:
Just met one of the bee green team at the kitchen, the complete opposite of my stuff, all veggies and healthy things!
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body.
Retweet if you get it
: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.
Back to Back doubles by Mayberry and Galvis and the Phils lead 10 heading to the 3rd.
excited to get out of snowy denver this week to napa for world of flavors chef summit in napa will post pics!
other movts much easier but first movt is a killer!
harmony sophisticated and professorund!
real late Bach wisdom!
out of this world!
um maybe
there's a cop with a k9 walking around my apartment complex
ok watched it.
Um does cougarmariah realize he's not 18?
And more importantly neither is she?
Happy Saturday everyone!
I love that's a bit cold in the morning..time for some coffee and oatmeal!
I love that view.
I was out by the lighthouse today too and laughed when I saw that party cat thing.
Strange.
ReasonsToNotCallBack Your message was 5 minutes long.
I don't want to hear that than hear it from you.
Ever.
I can't wait to watch Bayless play in the summer league, I hope he does well at the point.
Goodbye TV a.k.a E.I.R.
electronic income reducer
wait they just won!
:
ill share
everyone will forget about it, just don't reply to the haters.
let them hate, they need to get a life:
Lotsa internet meme costumes.
Seen at least 3 Nyan Cats.
Love it.
Listening to the Aria from Le Nozze De Figaro always calms my nerves.
Needed.
Editing Funk
Loved theboss born to run on
I swear to god if my parents don't shut up...
turn to you brings up so many memories of my mom raising me as a single parent.
so inspired 3
Vote for Us On The AList!
Hugh S/O to for always holding me down with the shout outs n respecting the grind I appreciate u homie!!!
Oh yes!
LOL RT : Tyson Beckford is trending?
Did we go back to the 90s?
If so, I want Bryce Wilson from Groove Theory lol
good morning!..
Have a great race weekend!!
ME TO!
Thanks for the RT!
Glad Capuano gave green light to  get a little bloody thats what unions do best!
getting bored w all teh nonviolence
yezzir!!
Text me your account
Thanks lady!
Still getting used to your new Twitter handle.
Miss Panthergirl!
professorssional  they are paid to play.
If you actually meant major league then of course :
if i say to my two year old its mine!
hell go i spend it and if you say it first he'll go no I spend it daddy!!
so funny.
ThankYouAlexConstancio for being a true gentlemen; AlexIsATrueGentlemen 
A1.
Usually just word of mouth.
We get lots of wordofmouth at our place, so that's usually the best source ;
hahahaha, you would just for that reason to!!
Need a kick stand the way I lean racksonracksOnracks lol
Shine.Follow your doctorams.Find your way.Don't let anyone judge you.And don't worry you won't be alone with me there!;
that's exactly what's on my mind this morning!!!
I just couldn't help myself :x
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore.
Hello everybody Blessed 2 b up  gettin ready 2 clean my tank.
I know my fish yelling at me lol
just saying kid...especially as I apparently coerced u to the future.
My hair is full of secrets.
;
rangers In 162 game season, I get Ron Washington's mentality, but in a SHORT series, you cant keep Young hitting 4th.
Use Cruz or Beltre!

the Library: Saturday Librarian!
Hopefully today will be better than yesterday's train wreck of a day.
...WHO WANNA JOIN MHEE.
the way she dance you would think she used 2 be a stripper lol
I love my mom so much she's really the greatest and is always there for me and she's just hilarious.
3 HappyMothersDay :
It's a bit cloudy today in NYC, but the weather says spring is definitely here!
Get out and enjoy the next few days of warm  sunny weather!
tried it out it's good!
I like the cute character.
did find it a little difficult until i got used to jumping on walls.
I wonder if th group wants to hanf today.
?
Outsidelands line up is full of Gems but once again I wonder what age demographic are they targeting with their headliners?
So much to do before the show Friday.
Make cd's/samplers make samples for new songs shave my dirt stash ect...
MISS YOU !!
raises hand on ur thirstrap RT: I need a man that'll cook and wash dishes
Sigh.
It's been so long since I've seen you, you've made my bucket list.
:
same shit twistin up and watch tv
I never call, she know whats up
NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE...just launched and going strong at BVEN Boutique.
More will be added daily!
shop online at...
does the rpi factor in teams rated 250 and 340 are no different when say a UK plays them?
Is this hurting uk's SOS?
aww!
hahaha yayy thank you so much for listening to it!!
I seriously hate political polling.
Lived in NV for 2010 H Reid/Sharron Angle race.
Polls had her ahead; he won, cited poll flaws in speech.
thank YOU, sir :
working on weekend plans
The soil they walked upon was choked with the pulverized matter fallenfrom the cloud
impressive and nice professorle pic, btw : 
I already had those germs.
So I wasn't really afraid of them.
that was not said in jest my friend.
That is my prediction.
doctorwsomething and find out
Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you.
Business Cards
HAHA.
Now that's a good one!
To tree or not to tree...
They smell so lovely, but not sure I want to deal with ornament boxes!
evacuate the dance floor pumpkin!!!!
Thanks for the follow, man.
I followed back.
Check out the baddest guitarist on the planet,
We are watching Blazers shootaround.
RJ is here first for the spurs as usual.
Just hit my broken hand 
how do i unblock someone?
Thank you!
Try out one of our free classes; 5PM Penmar park today  tomorrow!
RT NOW FOLLOWING
Happy Columbus Day, for those of you that celebrate genocide.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HOSTING LAST NIGHT!
YOUR SO WONDERFUL LOL
me too!
haha
thanks4 the follow I think Prince is the greatest and his fans are loyal his music is priceless loved his movies prince4ever
Congrats to Rl9's own for committing to Coastal Carolina university Tristan Curtis proud of you homey.
let me know how they turn out, or if you come across / adapt a good recipe...
How has reading a livetweeted program been meaningful for you?
Reading Romans 1113 today.
Join me.
They are actually really nice people.
Totally get it.
Mind you Ive never heard their music.
Black Manta now part of the Light!!!

Ah, what perfect weather to remind people that Spring Break is over and wrench them back to our bleak reality.
You know you live in LA when you're stuck in traffic and the light changes 3 times but you only move 10 feet ahead.
Had a blast hangin' with last night at the captaininAmerica premiere  after party.
Definitely worth checking out the movie  game!
25 page article?
No thanks.
I would literally do anything for an egg bagel toasted with butter right now
RT : If Speed does a The Day show on the 54th running of the Daytona 500, they'll have to call it The Week.
U guys rock
now looked good in the beginning, but I think it looks awful now.
But it does cover my flecks of grey regrowth a lot better than
Better check my messages.
You obviously have me confused with someone else.
yes it does.
Nothing on the weekend to look forward to anyway
rose betta play
We can't keep up with the interviews today!
was interviewed by KMBC in KC, and by KSN!
Today's tale: The Man of Law!
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
My pleasure!
Great to have you at SLJ!
Excited about the future!
I want them to be all those things I could never be..I want them to aim high as hell and go for it..
I've always wanted an aquarium in my room
How u like that?
MaN.
I'm on.
This t moble now...pow bitch
Sounds like she has a little bug then.
The 1D concert got sold out for the Universal city walk.
Man i been did that
thnx for rockin the !!
Even if a radio edit.
You can watch either of them tomorrow on Hulu.
r u serious pretty much all my twitter BFF's are like famous?
That shows i have NO life:...
its in ur fb inbox right now
I met Jesus today, not Christ, just some puerto rican kid from the Bronx.
I'm N A Gud Mood Rite Nw
Serious about Paula Leaving??
Shes one of the reasons I tune in nightly, Her next destination will be lucky to have her
Ok, extra points for that : Alright Anheuser Busch, definitely loved the Rescue Dogs shout out.
When another is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
Lol RT : : I hope OJ enjoys his minimum contract with the Bobcats next season lol
lemme know which ones you want and sizes homie
We do catering  box lunches too!
Check our reference list!
10 percent off for new customer orders.
Call today!
614891ACME.
libchat I've had childoctorn/teens come to programs where they read out loud  when there's food involved too
smiles cross the miles !!
love u Ellen
It sure is :L and oh god don't start!
3
You'd watch?
You wouldn' join me?
RT hmm..
I'd watch if I lived closer :
baby i know you feel me
thank you sir
Was there a share holders meeting today?
The amount of Disney news today is crazy!
Waiting for Tuesday to seem like a Monday.
by writing a song about it  RT : How do you relieve your stress?
hahaha no good guess tho...
my mom!
Tonight 5/14 DC free: Healthy Living for Physical  Spiritual Health / Benefits of Vegetarian Lifestyle 7PM MLKing Library 901 G St
Has now entered the period of travel weariness where he is willing to endure marriott courtyard marketing spiels in exchange for access ...
Thankful my wrong choices led me to where I am today.
Burned a couple bridges but I see I'm better this way.
Remember in 08 when lots of you volunteered to elect Obama?
That.
Now.
Wisconsin.
recallwalker wiunion.
20 days till election.
and this is supposed to be a conscious rapper?!?
.
THAT is how you build a base and how you successfully launch a 3rd party.
Having our first New Member Meet and Greet at Jonesy's Eat Bar tonight.
Should be fun!
How come when gamblers bet and win, it's taxed as ordinary income, but when Romney bets on companies and wins, it's carried interest?
And when I do go see when gone high
I'm so goddamn old it's going to be hard for this WTF'er  fan to stay up and see on  like the 90's,
good deal...
we're with you bud!
Your brand is the real estate you own in someone's mind.
Ihavenoidea can anyone help me with who coined this?
It's an awesome idea.
does anybody know of shows we might be able to play?
haha yeah rumors spread to fast, and I don't care so I hear of all this things happen later.
And no one minds their own business.
God, regular Pepsi is not that good.
Even from a fountain.
5 BUYS YOU 10 WORTH OF SUBS, CHEESESTEAKS AND BEVERAGES AT LENNY'S SUB SHOP.
BUY IT TODAY AT WWW.MYDAILYDEALS.COM
Disagree: Fewer hits/runs means each one is more exciting, more critical.
Nothing worse than thinking, Look, another HR.
Huge Night coming up with Loaded on 32212.
Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Thanks for the RT :
The problem is, replace it with what?
Let us now praise famous hobos.
by the way, great shot.
You can clearly see the different bill shape from the more common doublecrested cormorant.
Night all!
I know it's technically morning, but it's dark so good night seems much more appropriate.
:
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in Pittsburgh 11/1010am City Council to proclaim Tony Duran Day
Hey tweeps!
Give a shutout to CommunityAction agencies all over the world making a difference in peeps lives  today is their twitter day!
You are not the first person to make this claim RT I think you're crazy
man don't even say the word dumpster to me for at least a week, please bro...
My baby braiding my hair and my ass is hurting so bad she better rub when she down
RT : I hate that as much as I love the Sam Jackson one.//She irritates me to no end.
Yo mama is so fat she sat on an ipod and made it an ipad!
I would love it if you'd follow me.
I sprained my ankel yestarday and seeing that you followed me would makr me feel better.
I just saw that you had another surgery.
Well wishes my friend :
The pics are blurry, did Justin Bieber get a tattoo of Tim Tebow on his leg?
absolutely.
Ad FUNction game have been constructed by kids for years.
We help them learn physical skill within games
Everyone appears sane.
Chicago?
You're lookin' mighty fine.
Mighty fine indeed.
Looks like we have a hnh2012 showdown going on!!
This could get ugly!
Best of luck!
A little envious of everyone listening to keynote right now.
better take notes!
GET UP!
AND GET READY!
Thank God I work in Emergency Medicine.
Incredible support network for those who doctoram of making a dent in the universe.
Stop talking startmaking
Is Jesus merely a guest in your life?
Let him take up permanent residency in your LIFE!
...and while you're perusing the KL5FILM website, check out their podcast!
Just saw this news thanks to RF Corey Hart has a meniscus tear and will require surgery.
Possible DL stint.
RT: : Decisiveness is a characteristic of highperforming people.
Almost any decision is better than no decision.
Brian Tracy
The bad part about being the only one one from your school at this festival is that I'm extremely lonely now...
people get suspended at my school for the stupidest things i swear.
Cant wait to leave this shit hole tomorrow
Mother Day we're eating at the Hibachi Grill in West St Paul.
Asian might not be your usual mommy day treat but we like it
brainstorming great marketing ideas with the team today
I should get on this account more; haha':
you like it though
Lunch with my florida family!
I love them!
Thanks to everyone that came in for the Blow Out Party tonight  it was a pleasure having you!
Q2: Almost never
Devastated.
you're a kink chick and rocked my world for months!
On to the next one I guess..
nice pull!
woohoo!
So glad to break the 1k mark for you guys!
Thanks so much!
I miss:  My friends.
Being happy.
The person i used to be.
The good times.
My childhood.
on
me too!
I've always wondered about their power over childoctorn.
Totally!
I hide my tattoos cus of work but once someone sees them they think I'm some sort of rebel rocker 
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily 2
Im somewhat doctorssed like a candycane.
it's the best I could do w/ the things in my closet.
white long sleeve w/ extremely sparkly red shirt.
Been seeing my bestfriend more often lately...
There were 3 fouls on that one corner kick!
Come on, United!
please help spresd the word of kony he must be stoped please help the childoctorn watch the video kony 2012 please
After seeing Alexis Bledel as Beth in MadMen, I'm even more convinced she'd be perfect as Ana Steele in
I facetimed my friend for like an hour and a half haha
I swear after watching this 2 day event.
I will never bully anyone in life.
What a great lesson to learn as I watched her go down.
thx for rock staring twitter tonight!
hope all is well :
book restaurant reservations in advance.
have the dole whip dessert at the Polynesian resort.
robert is you, billie is to sofi, and jared is my!!!
Joe Vampire, number 24 in comic fiction.
Woopwoop!
What's going on tonight?
So just say Ok?
I think earned another raise today; deserves more  4 being publically disrespected that way.
I love your blog, great posts.
We should get in touch and talk career services at some point.
There is a real unemployement of about 20, what do u expect?
just hardcore mom armed me.
Showtune Saturday Night!
RT : I had a great time being on with you guys!
Let's call Lasorda and get him to my Area 51 Alien Cathouse!...
yes.
I love Trader Joe's
It's love/hate watching supernatural knowing i can't have the impala
lol.
it worked out.
the trails are lit, just not as much light as i'd like.
Choosing Your Mortgage Amortization
just saw Jason Kidd  Dirk Nowitsky check into Four Seasons in G'town!
whos the coach?
When you do, I promise to read it most of the way.
its live!
let us know it's you for a free doctornk!!
RT : Need your credit cleaned up.
I have the effect person for you....what's up with it
I'm Hungry O.o
patsyclinetix John C.
Reilly I fall to pieces
Recording sessions all week....woohooo!!!
Haha band is funny today
what's Zurich like?
TONIGHT WE'RE SUCKING OUR OWN  Justin: What is happening.
It should read Please keep us in MIND Otherwise great tweet.
Let me know if you need assistance in Washington State.
I am Love, I am Light: I am a Star Shining Bright.
I challenge you: say this 3x outloud without feeling shame, doubt or fear
your welcome!
:
i'll be your princes 3
Trying to think positive .
It's hard at the moment .
SO WATS DA MOVE FOR TONIGHT???
RT I gave to Big Bros Big Sis of NW Michigan!
Grandma G killed me!!!
the show isnt the same without pier
Ah I saw BetterInBlack as a trending topic!
I've said this before, but I'll say it again.
Guys with glasses are like Bacon on a burger!
Just saying...lol
S/0 to my new follow
at 8am the most powerful ppl in the world are starbucks employees
TONIGHT!
Acme Comedy Theatre at 8PM.
Be there!!!
Krystyna's Making a Fool of Herself at the Acme Comedy Theatre!
So many white rappers now...
Listening to on Blog Talk Radio.
Denver: The only team in history willing to sacrifice a virgin in exchange for a championship.
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe  Soup Bar in downtown Philly on November 18 noon to 7 PM.
hey there :
How many people have checked out Denver Restaurant Week?
Does anyone have a new favorite hot spot?
If so, please let us know!
Exciting weekend : Canada tonight and cedar point with Greg for the weekend e
you look so cute!
Even though it's a long time ago.c:
hey wats up
Thank you, Cool Springs Starbucks, for letting Me move a very large table across the room so I could plug my laptop in!
I see on the video feed for
you are very funny man.
keep it up!!
no definite plans at this point, but would love to go back!
Good Morning Bob!!!!
Listening as I doctorve to NYC.
Missed the coffee song.
figures Samsung would.
They make most mobile screens, most TV screens, etc.
etc.
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
Thanks for all the plugs, John!
HELL YEA I DID TOMAS!
brittany was the shit back in High school sir lmaoo dont even front
Nice!
Would love to hear what you think about it and see some footage!
my papers are whit and my dank is green, stuff it, roll it and let's get keyed.
I'm going to throw a roll of toilet paper at if she tries scaring me.
Mother fucker.
Thanks to you both for sharing our holiday message!
Thanks!
Glad to know someone is out there reading what we have to say.
We have a tool from which to evaluate new ventures, projects, or significant undertakings for strategic fit.
I appreciate your prayers.
I miss him all the time.
He was a great person.
Knight Challenge city tracker project making water color styles based on the toner style Great stuff foss4gna 2012
hopee my cousin has fun at prom.!
RT : Sometimes new love comes between old friends.
Sometimes the best love was the one that was always there.
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm so damn funny
That episode of SNL was akin to poop.
I want pancakes for breakfast.
I love this email Neil.
Wish I could share the whole thing!
Very cool and simple.
nathan rocking the shirt under the shirt or what?
Voltron  Street Sharks Are On Netflix?
This Almost Makes Me That I Didn't Go To The Strip Club Tonight....Almost...
Please follow us back ...
thank you :
as usual you never invite your sisters
Happy New Year everyone!
2010 was great for us, 2011 will be even greater!
Be safe tonight!
When is your birthday?
We'll send you a free sample ;
But I got cakes thats where all my weight is
What if I smell like Swagger?
haha!
Ok.
Posh means sort of prissy, stuck up and such correct?
Totty does make it sound much more effective.
not to bad thanks
I want to so sleepy : Back 2 sleep
O dear....Sarah unveiled a plaque...not a plague in 1952...bad typo!!
thanks to for noticing quickly.
Check him out on Br monarchy.
Hilarious.
Man can't eat a donut without getting judged nowadays
We're discussing three films that were nominated for best picture but didn't win and we think deserved to.
Thanks for sticking with us!
Spoiled isn't cute or attractive ;
LOL had it been a long day?
thanks!
coming from a hottie a like you, that means a lot!
thanks!
It's not for 3 weeks.
Still time to plan!
U a WHITE MAN  U grew up livin here in DETROIT?
U 32 yrs old  U AINT never FUCKED a BLACK girl?
U been tryin all these yrs??...He lyin
Printing up a lot of tshirts here in San Antonio for the Baylor Nation!
Sic'em Bears!!
Pumped about tonight's bowl game.
RGIII rules!
get some!!!
You guys have a great show and be safe!!!
YOU DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB!
Everything was on point!
You ROCKED the house!
You stole the whole show and your outfit  BAD :
Olive Garden or Zio's sounds good right about now.
Your friend is much better!!
Been taking a bit of a hiatus on reporting and reviewing music.
Lif'e's necessities sometimes get in the way.
Still listening.
Homework'd out.
Rev, thanks for the shout out.
Can not wait to see what our design looks like.
Updated site...connected to Facebook  ready to roll out in Denver soon!
Next Monthly Screening Friday, March 2nd
Go badgers
thank you.
i have.too ask you something.
I am going to chuck e cheese and be a big kid
Jeff is this you homie?
ill go
well dang...this stinks
not much happened so you didn't miss that much
I hear you like Country Music
ordinary people be slidin
Your always on my mind.
Theres nothing I can do to make it stop I seriously LOVE you and it's not a lie...
I just wish you felt the same
Glad will be coming through to check things out also!
Taking my dad to the doctor  school : I hope he's going to the Chicago doctor!
:l
This match was so good.
FUCK.
I miss old WWE.
i'm at aigapivot too.
hope to give you a headnod at least
I tweet your blog posts.
They are a great resource.
Congratulations!
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
I'm so good!
I got the sun shining on my face and a feather under my head.
Wbu?
They think just because they doctorve that police car makes them God or something..
Was amazed at how many videos of lectures were NOT viewed by graduate students
Are there any IT Training Instructors out there willing to take me up on my CompTIA CTT Certified Technical Trainer challenge?
Cool!
RT : Continuous playback is part of the nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
ok..
thanks!
Enjoy the day..
Lets kickoff the weekend with a 40 minute tempo run!
The awkward moment when you're joking with someone and suddenly they get serious.
happy birthday !
:
Would you like to submit an article to HONEY?
Hit up our home page with the subject editorial submissions
i was saying that the privileged men she agrees with dont need to be told.
they are already fighting privilege
Such a gorgeous gorgeous day here in Austin!
I'm loving it :
Flavorful Crab Cakes with chilelime aioli are a hit at Californos  some of the best anywhere!
Served with a lemon, lime, great on salad!
time to work the streets...
Flyng out to Minnesota tomorrow for my awesome cousin 's wedding!
We'll see how the family reunion part goes...
Why thank you.
How goes the review scene lately?
I've seen you've been busy.
: alaskanbookcafe.blogspot.com
I'm craving La Casa De Waffle so badly!
I've decided we need to take a trip there this week!
K thx!
:
: doesn't sleep, he waits.
I taught Chuck Norris how to do it.
Hope you're feeling fabulous.
I can't wait to get my hands on HOME by Toni Morrison.
wishing luck finishing signing 150,000 copies of The Fault in Our Stars!
RT : that's the first time someone used DWade's health as an excuse since game 2 of the series!
Aye!
Lol RT : Guess I'll go to Saga Saturday since my boo is DJ'n
Now updating Facebook from twitter.
One step closer to complete world domination!
I want to be the girl you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
i gotta talk to you about some stuff !!
lol
Good luck to our Team USA down at Azteca today!
Bills open 2012 season at the Jets
STOP THE BLEEDING, NUGGETS
Yup yup anytime.
I don't know the question working and some daily tracking polls oversample Republicans  whites etc
stand by your content  the more good content you put out, the more people who will follow your blog
That's alright she said that's alright, take anything you want from me, anything, fly on little wing
o hell yea
Banda el Recodo sucks now they bore the shit outta me with they boring ass love songs
Hey follow me back!
I talk monotone to the people I don't like
is praying for peace and justice for the family of TreyvonMartin  violation against one, is a violation against all.
you should tweet niall for me.
;
Right?
I just tried calling right now...
No bueno.
House ed committee still caucusing on HF 517!
Have yet to take up one of the 25 amendments.
Going to be a late night.
There R BEAST in this GREAT country of OURS that feel they can play with lives of THE PEOPLE.
WE NEED to UNITE to stop this!
Create and discover or grow stale and stagnate the choice is yours
has already proven MORE durable than 2nd best Bear QB this side of Luckman, Jim McMahon.
but he prefers me :
That's too bad.
You should get in your car  do street corner lectures.
Go guerrilla!
Facebook annoying af.
I'm sticking to this foreal.
Except your writing skills...
RT : I appreciate everything I have.
The fact that finishing college work before 1am is a success is pretty ridiculous but I guess I'd better get used to it
Thanks you to all my new followers
hm, can't figure out something good for lunch.
Whats the best, new lunch spot in Austin?
What a great thing to study!
Best of luck!
I wish I could bring my bed to school today, that would make everything so much better..
Any way to automate Adobe Illustrator CS5 RECOLOR ARTWORK?
I have grayscale library built for CMYK art conversion.
Laborious to do 1by1.
Trying to stay awake after a morning sales meeting.
I'm cooking on Twin Cities Live at 3:40pm today.
On the menu: French Dip/Italian Beef sandwich hybrid.
I have 5 minutes to get it done.
Tweet us your 2day Ziptrip ideas and you could win 150 free doctorving!
Winner announced today.
Use hashtag getoutandzip!
Mom to me: I better get a real card, not an ecard for my birthday next year, who raised you?...
Don't answer that.
Some FF action for authors on my kitchen shelf:
Finally got a much needed facial  stopped by Wahibs for some Mideast dinner take out.
Ran into friends having dinner as well  chat it up.
There's a right way  wrong way to do things, one way is going to take u longer.
Glad to hear that!
Can I Please Get A Follow Back 333
The whole MMG goin be at pinnicle this weekend might go there but then again I wanna go to the lil wayne concert
you will feel a change but after a short amount of time you will have no problems.
I would run 6 miles a day with a 60 lbs vest.
There are only two kinds of people in the world, The Irish and those who wish they were.
The two other guys on the elevator both had boxes of brownie mix, what a strange coincidence
I still got it for ya
Twitter should have a in relationship and single button.
You must be talking about a third party here.
RT great minds.
should i call?
Real eyes Realize Real lies
Haha.
doctor Merrigan calls Compass good enough for government work to start!
Welcome input, questions, feedback.
I've probably followed relegation even more closely than the United/City war.
However, relegation and league title are huge in the same gm.
ANSWER THE PHONE!!!!
this is the last day that can be called a 15 year old singer from texas.
so tweet it while you can
I hate this website.
Obnoxiously blasting CMT because I am the only country music fan in this house!
Can't wait til June 6th!!!!
CMTAwards :
Jesus succeeded in every part of life that we failed
Somebody?
ANYBODY!?!?
: Anyone?
Taco Tuesday?
Good work, Eloy.
Nice guy always.
: How about taking to the prom because she didn't have a date
Grade school kids touring the library.
It amuses me that the only noisy thing about them is their teacher hissing shhhh!
shhhh!
RUN IT UP THE TIME IS YOURS
YES RT IF YOU LOVE THAT proudof1d is trending worldwide and is infront of CHER!
MWHAHAHAH
wow.
Really?
I am doctormlaxing tonight with an 18yearold Bowmore this whiskywednesday  a caramel sauce made w/12 yr old Macallan
Word!
: Scorpio can see through fake or false fronts as if they have on xray glasses

Just got done watching Bigdaddy lols aint seen dat junt in a long ahh time but its still a good movie :
I'm assuming Austin is vegetarianfriendly...
Right?
Any downtown suggestions?
I think some don't get wanting to avoid hydoctorgenated oils, HFCS, artificial colors, choosing organic, etc.
We're looking forward to it!
Cheers!
Let's shock the world today!
love you more haylee
Darn it!
Damn my procrastination!
Now I really can't see the show tonight :/ it's the first I've missed in years!
I aint Mumford, I aint tryin to have sons
Thanks so much you guys ...
very kind of you to say, Jeff!
:
Livin life!
: you ever gonna roll out here?
I guess I didn't exactly picture my birthday sitting on my couch alone crying
Hi!
TFTF!
Loved reading ur insight: these women, with few exceptions, did not marry Presidents; they married men
Counting the days until spring is official yet this past winter makes me wonder what we'll be seeing for temps.
Summer could be hell like.
hola thanks for follow damn better get politicsofwomensculture out soon :
That wld b funny if u were talking abt climate  not weather.
RT It's hot enough to fry a climate change denier on the sidewalk.
i am great actually!
im just hungry :p what about you?
Rest In Peace Davey Jones, one of the Monkees, you made people happy.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win.
Les Brown
I called you twice, but my phone may hate your phone.
Just found your gps in my car.
Want me to doctorp it off tomorrow?
Does loving WolframAlpha make me a nerd?
:
Obama: We pledge to be more transparent...
b/c more information on gov't activities should be open, timely and freely available to our ppl
dancing to move your body by beyonce
Put ur feet in cold water.....
I hope this helps
Just got the edit back from our first calendar shoot.
news to y'all this project will be EPIC retweet please
Infirmary, extended spring training.
Same thing.
Your release form doesn't say shit about not refunding money.
Let me clear this up with your lawyer boss man.
Those Imagine's Are really good!!!!!!!
thank you!
Mine kicked off with a cocktail...can't complain.
Hope u are having a fantastic Saturday!
Life is great
Thanks Tom, glad to have you back anytime :
!!!
RT : If you have to use that tweetlonger shit, you weren't meant to be RTing anything.
So tired just recorded 3 songs!
leggo
Yes, my last couple of tweets and yours are in agreement.
That may be the key to his political calculation.
Dear Luis, I want to get to know you.
I want u to know I have a GIGANTIC crush on u.
I dont like broccolli I dont like broccolli either.
Las Vegas or bust!
I'm on my way
Conrgats, Austin!
Saw that quote last night inspired me as well.
you will get everything together love : dont worry !
what are you wearing today?
looking forward to catching up with you guys when you get here permanently!
Fear the beard.
seems to be down, anyone else having this issue?
Male swimmers have the best bodies, m m eye candy!
Happy Anniversary, Laura!
Thank you for all you do.
nick via me via twitter: doctorpped the lighter under my bed  stonerproblems someonepleasecomepickitupforme?
Zayn , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
I need that 3k
Honey badger invented elearning.
Glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics!!
I miss dem ravens!!
Alright, back to homework.
I LOVE SWEET TEA 3
Don't follow your heart, Lead your heart.
Do you have your I doctoram of Jeanie outfit on?
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Sounds like no one's definition of a good time.
Good luck
Started sleeping with the lights on.
Oddly enough, I week up feeling alert and ready to fight.
Gonna keep doing it.
Agree on being blind on anything, but that is as far as I would go.
Can you name one succesfull country clearly on the left?
i donated my movie night  to help get to total bummer fest in their busted car
Yeah, I love my motherinlaw, but she has these ...
quirks!
That comment was crushed like a 350yard doctorve.

I appreciate the Retweet 
re: presentation slides.
fantastic!
Thanks.
Making rush hour traffic worse will not win occupysd support.
At the end of the day maybe you did more to help Zapf win than anyone else...
Centralization and standardization are the wrong outcomes.
Jason Simon on building brand identity at universities
flight is being purchased as we speak
Fair enough.
I like your attitude!
Congrats to for completing his crossAtlantic trip, rowing to bring attention to modern slavery!
thanks for the RT, Max!!
Oh baby bababyc
Watching a few eps of the 2002 HeMan  the MastersoftheUniverse series.
Great complement to the orig 80s series w interesting backstories.
stupid!
Don't undermine the Judiciary
Middle fingers to my haters mugger fucka I'm gone
59.
If either party needs to cancel or reschedule a date, do so as early as possible.
We gone test doctorve em when i touchdown what the inside looking like?
No great thing is created suddenly.
Epictetus, philosopher
Depend on situation and character, just don't run around.
i'M NOt crAyz doE I'M JAyz
Why does The White House have a twitter account!?
The doc said i shouldnt lift more than 10 lbs, yet i have to lug my 165 lb bass cab down 5 flights of stairs.
fml
no worries ; I'm headed back to SF.
Hope to keep in touch tho and pls let me know what u think of my music for ur show!
I've been in a good mood all day....
Power of optimism and smiling baby!
life is god
Seth Kahan from is talking about the future of printing HME on 3D printers at 10 of the cost at
Nigga just hacked my shit..Tony that's yo ahh kid kid
.
correctly observed that I am the master of Strategic Helping.
I help others because it helps me.
Thanks!
how was your race yesterday!
LetsBeHonest is better than
i'm feelin green today...
Random thought: Twitter is not a social network.
It is an Army.
A Swarm of conciousness.
RT NPINchat kicks off 4/7 for.
This weeks topic: Planning Ahead for National Observance Days
After realizing it wasn't feasible to wear The Most Perfect Earrings to the wedding, I plier'd one into The Most Perfect Necklace.
The rest in commentary.
Brad and Angelina engaged?
Oh yeah, Big Boi also put on a free show.
and I'm staying here too ;3
take me with you to sxsw, please
HE DID EACH THING AS IF HE HAD DONE NOTHING ELSE...
Smiles..DNICOLE
Will be inventorying things on walls this week.
lmao Naw you gotta make desert!
I agree,Jr.was always such a class person,truly an ex.of what an nfl superstar always should be.this sucks
You know what it is.
You know what it ain't.
We're promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips in the south.
We'd love your support!
wats going on with white steel the guy who fought bowling watz he under investigation for?
what the Schlitz is that about?
GI Joe was fricken Legit!
Better late than never!
We're launching forums in May  r looking 4 beta testers.
Win an iPad or Xbox 4 helping email 4 more
Chris Bosh's strained ab muscle is yet another example of why I don't work out.
You can't hurt what you don't have.
Thank you for sharing!
It's Restaurant Week in Brooklyn...
heading to Atlantic Ave to enjoy the last couples of nights of great food, low prices and wine wine wine
A3: Relating a cause to a great personal story had been a great way to make a story sharable.
peeps: who did/does the wonderful and famous series of annual photographs for five sisters?
Spacing and on deadline
Heading over to for today's Nine for 9.
A loaded grilled cheese sandwich plus a full bar?
Now this is what we're talkin' about!
NWST: Mariners Reax with and Blazers for sale?
responds to rumors  Snag w/ Kings new Arena
thanks, !
Miss you already!
who wants to eat TWO subs at 9 am :
loll, you just tweeted a number from your account :P
thanks!
feel free to stop by anytime.
no worries.
I found my soul.
It got lost around the Canadian border.
Forgot its passport.
Is there a way to cheer you on that won't cause disstopic flashbacks?
Finished the second season of BBC Sherlock and I cannot wait for the third season!
Another year or so...
Till then, I am held in suspense.
that awkward stage when you have a mortgage, but need to write on your hand to remember to pay it.
SOX: RedSox not messing with success, sending out same lineup against Royals LHP Danny Duffy.
Daniel Bard for Boston.
8:10 start.
Courage doesnt always roar.Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says, Ill try again tomorrow M.A.
Radmacher
thanks so much!
no more school.
boom.
did you ever buy those zombie books at borders?
Thank you, friend!!
debuting with 'Hold the relish'
is the only reason why I'm watching the Grammy's tonight.
he's a hoeeeee !
Mary Jane is always by me
Hey marketing students.
is looking for a digital marketing intern.
Details soon
no it wont!
I bet you he'll have more :
Congratulations to Kathy Rhoades!
You are our newsletter subscriber winner for August.
Sign up to our weekly newsletter  enter the contest
what kind of bike did you buy?
We'll never be as young as we are right now 3
Because u have a textbook chemical imbalance.
U are 1 of us  it's not a bad thing.
Reactions are just that.
We mean well.
Good night twitter :
Braved the nasty weather to indulge in great convo and people at
3 shows in one day...2 back to back...throat is def in need of a slurpee...wherethe711'sat?
Thanks Brandon!
We think you're awesome too :
Oh hello
You're a total pro!
So soggy.
Wow!
tore it up on DWTS One of the best guest performances to be on love tht song too!
Armondo, We create custom twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes.
WOuld love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if U want 1.
I couldnt find u neither.
My photo is me in a large screen with a lot of people in the audience looking up at me.
Rail food okay...
All you got is one life so make the best of everyday and do what the fuck you want, fuck what anyone else thinks.
def, I like our crowd too.
To clarify, in our discourse  advocacy, refine opengovdata  fairelections  righttovote laws 
very real in mine too!
Am so happy.
I am celebrating with sn ncis marathon.
Yea yea.
I am alive.
Thank ya Jesus
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Follow Monday:
i will be happy to share!!:
Almost done with my english paper wooot!
Success!
I completely understand.
Can you please email me your  so I can personally give Bev the message?
: Is it brown?
and a bit redish
I am going to say some serious deep prayers for you tonight...
Unfortunately I don't believe your boys can do it without you!
so true
why because my mom cares?
which song?
lol i just get on my mom computer when she's gone and i MIGHT buy a new laptop soon
not out here
RT Geminis are so sharp and quick, wanting to learn all they can, it can be a weakness.
Is trying to get to focus.
Could this having anything to do with the Boston Redsox amazing start to the season?
I had already forgotten your love, but a simple hello reminded me of what I feel for you!
MondayNightRaw is in Pittsburgh n I couldn't go :'
and yes, I will add to me calendar for next time!
What more perfect than being on CNN?
Him being on CNN right before the Superbowl!
So much change is on the brink of happening...I'm a little unsure about how I feel about it
Never, never, never quit.
Winston Churchill
Call it a protest against austerity, Josh, and give it a go.
Just have insulin shots standing by.
Hey all!
This is the new official Ecocity Builders account.
Please follow us here for daily updates on the green world
Thank you, David!
woo hooo!!!
: Yours are still spaced further than mine.
14 months apart gets tricky.
:
im bouta try n slide thru...
nice card.
Thanks!
Klavika?
oh boy am I feeling that!
:
Swisher ties the game at 22 as he doubles to bring around Alex Rodoctorguez and Robinson Cano.
Crash with injuries in the intersection of Hamilton doctorve and East Hampden Avenue.
Rescuers en route.
hey love: wassup??:
...
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I thought hurricane season was over!
it wouldnt hurt you to follow back
Tonight's patient: The human equivalent of a red rubber ball.
Mercy, William.
Ovechkin is a piece of shit....I hope he ruptures an ACL
: PINA is still playing at I may see it again this week.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':6
RT : This is just a little far...ugh!
Running for class president or USA President?
justsayin how so?
you can't deny liking it even if you tried!
hahaha

page not found
That's my target demographic!
MakeMoneyMoneyMoney RT : Sucka ass niggaz wearing shades to a damn basketball game....
check out our new events page here on twitter....
if I could be invisible for a day, the first thing I'd do is go streaking through the quad and into the gymnasium !
thoughtyouwerecuteuntil I saw you light up that cigarette.
i wonder why is always on twitter during spanish........
I wonder Jaiya Perez
i have kip's song to lafawndah stuck in my head.
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a Concert?
YOU NEVER WILL.
THIS IS A LOST IN RAP HISTORY.
RiP
When I stole her gatorade i doctornk most of it then filled it back up with water and slipped it back in her bag.
I don't feel bad haha
I guess girls with big thickrimmed glasses are cool now.
I did that
Most of us are tired of being treated like jokes by worthless people wiling to believe men can't be raped.
Code like its 1999 and use inline CSS.
Ugh.
Really?
Do I have to?
That Easter Candy Aisle is magical for adults...so many great memories of childhood.
Sometimes you just need to stop  enjoy
split double team dunk
We HAVE to send Veras down the road.
He is fucking terrible.
my neighbor seems to have an unnatural obsession w/using his chainsaw every single day grrr
Thanks for the recommendation!
Nipples are the thermometer of life.
I want go home but the music won't let me.
LOL.
Bad music!!
haha she was like he's 19 and I was like no he's 18!!!
Then I said he's birth facts and she shut up lol
Range Rover Evoque special edition with Victoria Beckham makes global debut in Beijing
thanks for the visual.
It can't be unseen.
RT Scrolling through the pix I took today from my phone and find multiple freaky pix of  nightmstonig ...
Life is not permanent, but eternity is.
you have a free place to stay in LA if you want to come back within the next few months :D.
Probably should..
Aw!
thank you!!
justasothankfulgirl RT I just bought all your new songs on itunes.
your too talented!
We've been featuring a couple of your notebooks in Explore and to new springpad signups.
Loving your notebooks!
:
I hope so!
Should be moving my brother out of SM next month...maybe then?
:
He argued that the basic anxiety of is anxiety about beingintheworld, as well as anxiety of beingintheworld
u should totally follow shes a sweet person and a HUGE fan!
Well the talk on the street says you might go solo!
I have breaking news for u, sweetheart!
I set those as video responses but don't see them yet, does it usually take a while?
merry Christmas to you too!
definitely praying that God will use you tonight in whatever way He chooses, God Bless!
As an FYI, all charges were later doctorpped by police
The Brown Sugar ones come in reduced fat, have one of those instead!
TweetDontEat that pop tart!!!
:
Recuperating from six days in North Carolina with my son and his family.
Flight home began at 3:30 AM MST.
Yikes!
Going to stay up all night and watch scary movies :
you know you love every minute
I'll be Live Behind the Scenes of the 1 rated Radio station, JACK 100.7 FM with Dave, Shelly and Chainsaw tomorrow a.m.
on
Ok regroup!
We're headed to The Gallery!
Actually, since we are officially Brothers and family...
No need to thank them.
I sense genuine character of whom they raised.
wild pitch moves Posey to third and then Weeks can't handle a hot grounder with the IF pulled in, TIE.
GAME.
44
.
CEO Todd Marks delivers honest, humble  humorous remarks after being recognized as 2012 CRTV
I think its lemonade ?.
Im not sure ..
the jesus of suburbia!!
Yay!
Cocktails!
RT : Agree with helping writing reach greater heights shehechat ...
Did someone say cocktails?
who's arm is that?!
Mass Effect 3 LE version unboxing being filmed now.
Posting soon.
it's everything about you ,you ,you everything that you do ,do do.
OMG!
,follow me?
What program do you use for editing if I may ask?
some bitches need to just stop talking for a second,learn to listen and think before they speak
Youll never find fulfillment if you hide from your doctorams.
Today is Dermot Day so I get to have mellow music..later today...: Love Jamaica..and Reggae....: And Rasta..:
i miss youuuurr face!
: are you home or in the BMore?
congrats, you TED rockstar, you!
cc/
On tap now Rogue chocolate, Blvd chocolate and on cask: snowmageddon with cocoa nibs!
i'll match ya
my thoughts Hun.
My thoughts
That movie is so stupid!
I KNO' I'M UNDER SURVEILANCE, YALL KNO THIS IS THUG LIFE BABEH'!!!!
BUT I'M KNOWING!!!!2PAC ALL EYES ON ME
Thanks for the K.
When u feel Whatchya feel sometimes ......
But at ur best u r love luv dis track
I'm working in it!
Everyone should go follow my favorite rapper ever.
he Go hard in the paint hahahaha But fo real.
He go ham.
Good morning!
Coffee is tasting quite delicious right now...can't wait to get back to the track tomorrow!
Any Focus readers going to connections?
OH OK.
YOU WORKING TODAY?.
you're welcome :D thanks for the follow too!
Hate to admit but watching DWTS and Donald doctorver who just nailed it again.
Have a good weekend!
I was just referred as gal today by another lawyer.The bar says that is unacceptable.
So is publishing false info.
Get a life.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY it's the 6th anniversary of your 21st right?
:P
Power outage in Southeast Seattle.
I thought so too.
Where have you been hiding, beautiful?
Hit Estee Lauder counters thursday from 5  9 pm for free 7 day sample of advanced night repair synchronized recovery complex.
Pig face was amazing, thanks for the recommendation and.....I got tickets yesterday to NEXT Childhood!!!
Every person has the rights to be the person they want to be.
.
.
Adding another item to the really interesting to yourself but not interesting 2 anybody else list: my iPad
So much to do!!!
I'm still not ready for this Christmas thing....
a little late but I hope you had a great Easter!!
Ah, yes.
Good old modest reforms.
Wow I'm actually..
Reading..
A book.
where do u live anyway?
Blessed is he who expects nothing for he shall never be disappointed.
Protestor waiting on Arson Charges for starting traditional bonfire at dawn
Today seems like an excellent day to go to the casino.
long time, no tweet...ha ha...hope all is well...peace
I get underwhelmed the more times I stop at Burger King.
Great weekend, its been so relaxing.
Make two nights a week technologyfree.
Hi David, we just checked your order and it has been applied.
Give us a call if you have questions 8889376677
Take the ipa challenge at double wide grill.
is Baby fat, baby fat and juicey, Aww I would do good if it was the
Yikes.
Glad you're on the mend.
Prepare yourselves weary souls, the Federation is here to save you 8.1.11
yup an iPhone 4G
Watch the news tonight for coverage over our Safe Place balloon release!
Thanks , and for coming out!
Happy birthday, America!!
So proud.
We loved it.
BF saw it already, this was my first viewing.
Thanks to Everyone, were glad we can share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
what happened to your iphone!
The most I can do for my Friend is...
simply to Be his Friend Henry David Thoreau
One of your best traits, the Randomness..
To go from Hilarious Video to Bullshit Soap in under 60 seconds.
LOVEIT :D
I think they were adopted bros.
My gf says just BFFs.
A round of doctornks is on the line if one of us can confirm either way.
For Mother's Day, my sis made me buy Mom Downton Abbey.
The way y'all go on and on, I'm askeered to watch.
It may eat into my TwitterTime.
My plate, your fucking out!!!!!
Ian omg you sexy mutha fucker.
I can make it through the rain.
AKA a really busy, productive day.
Hello 2002 Mariah Carey.
There's the art house movies and the action movies and the chick films.
I think the same thing's happening with actors  Edward Furlong
Nice doctorp Forte!
Get it together BEARS!
BALLGAME!
TRIBE WINS
Heck yea RT  i know rite its gonna be dope!!!
Keep you word.
Such a busy day..
Tired..
I just got on the bus from big e!
Im frigging soaked xD lol had a great time :P
Gonna jack off to it?
I don't!!!
I've only used it at gas stations and Chipotle.
haha
lions and tigers and bears!
oh my!
Vegetables are a must on a diet.
I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
That's nice of you!
Do you ever visit Philly?
i know you do NY?
Just curious....
Face Off With Max Kellerman: Mayweather/Cotto Premieres Tuesday, April 3 on HBO
thanks so much!
Not anytime soon but hopefully one day :
My cuz needs help.
Can't work like he use to.
Speaking as a librarian, that is an awesome combination.
idk.
But I like fabulous, so I'm gonna keep sayin it.
Anyone else up?
Happy Anniversary !
You Guys Rock!
oh, the length one will go to for dp dough..
the BBQ shrimp Fettucini is amazing!
And red beans and rice remind me of home NewOrleans.
Glad U brought this flavor 2 DC!
Put your guns away, kids.
Let's hang soon and thank you!
for the bday wishes.
Thanks for the follow!
Great to meet you.
is joining deca again?
And yhu have to start wearing it more often, so i'll notice yhu.
trying to figure out how my followers stay at 165 when i keep gettign followers
you ain't lying...Rock the RED SOX GEAR to show love same with the NE Patriots...
cant wait to hear the new title :
i would love to visit london some day
what I'm scared
ohh god Ryan looks like a god!!
And I really love Eric too!!
I also like Jamareo!
He just a cute piece of ass!!
Hahha
you're insane.
Humidity is the Antichrist
HERE WE GO3rd OT!
Thanks!
It's a tough job, but someone has to do it.
I'm having a full blown panic attack at 3AM.
Body, just let me sleep.
Thank you bro!
Saw Gone and now im freaked out..
RT : You have the power within you to create the world as you wish, with the power of love you can create anything.
Thank you Pittsburgh, Less than a year, over 100 satisfied clients.
The Republicans have NO SHAME.
I hope we find the pot of gold that AGCZ is mining at the end of next week since rumor is that 2m promo start next week
follow me back :
I want to use Tivity to learn how to surf in Hawaii!
See you there!
It might one day!
I've taken a long break from MTA, using the Circulator instead.
I know I will have to use MTA soon tho
: why thank you!!
im glad..
its a reminder to me to start searching for a new free twitter design.
oof!
ha!
DOT COM!!!
Keep ya head up 2 Pac voice
Since I'm out of town tomorrow, taco Tuesday has been moved to taco Monday until further notice.
professorssionally Unprofessorssional
Congratulations on taking a stand once you know it's poltically safe, Obama.
Ok, it's booked!
Doing anything cool today?!
35 min.
Late to class.
Wouldn't it just be rude to walk in now?
It's 15 per session for the 10week class and 130.00 if you pay up front.
Each class is 85 minutes long with a maximum of 30 students 15
WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that i feel so alone even when theres a million people around me.
Fun times ahead!!
RT : On my way to see for brainy fun!
I sell and install an antenna that brings in over 30 local broadcast channels off of the Sandias, absolutely free.
John  3506428
Diamondisc Audio  Magic Miracle Polish for your songs.
professorssional Mastering for any budget.
Make your tracks sparkle!
zee hunger games???:
RT : I never found anyone who didn't like Thuy Doan.
She died of cancer today at the age of 25.
why have ex and nonex tags?
nonex doesn't seem player friendly at all
I'll be in the building.
I'll make sure it's done correctly and with care.
royals in 11.
great game.
anyone dvr it?
heard the guys i was with and i made it on tv a few times.
Are you a content consumer or creator?
The Goonies was rated 2 best movie for Tweens :D
The Black Women Expo is looking for experienced Bartenders for an event on the 29th of March!
email with your resume!
How about debt dischargeable in bankruptcy vs.
albatross debt?
I always contemplate whether I made the right decision on majoring in Criminal Justice when my passion is for Music..
I haven't asked: How was the event?
miFordLatism Wish I coulda been there to represent
I truly feel for the people of Jamaica n the hardship they endure daily n the way of violence, however I don't plan on being 
After reading Hunger Games, I'd forgotten Rue and Thresh were darkskinned.
I just assumed they'd cast the two best actors for the movie.
This concert is like a damn obstacle course with these kids and their hula hoops.
Albon: FrontlineSMS Radio lets questions come in via SMS and answers are broadcast out, govt officials participate
He only cashes LARGE AMOUNTS!
A prebrow wax mimosa.
Among many things I love about
doyouthinkitsweird we scream at the tv screen look out!
Behind you!
Awh, bitch run!!!!!
Don't look back!
???
thx for following me!
Have a blessed day
A pretty girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass, but u my friend, yes you, you can kiss my ass.
Having lunch
Hi to your Mom.
Have fun in NYC.
:
if you can't handle my worst you aint gettin my best
You can spend your whole life holding on or you can show that idiot who broke your heart what he is missing.
They be having that guap, tho.
And I need that.
then who did lol
somebody is getting more gorgeous as the years pass...
Thanks to anybody who came out to UNF tonight and partied with us!
Unfortunately, hyperthyroidism is very common in cats.
Rx treatment is often needed perpetually.
We can make it EASY to administer!
Call!
Merry Christmas to you too.
Here's to getting together in the New Year!
Undergraduates have graduated.
Now we wait for the graduate students to do the same.
More sex negativity in the news.
I say turn it around.
It's an inspirational sex positive even when disabled story
Lol right!
I think they did it on purpose but we shall see what they have in store.
Maybe they'll listen on Finchel...
hey dilemma...checked out the project...let's talk...inbox me when you get a sec.
There's no doubt I'm one blessed girl
Watch Barack Obama on RIGHT NOW!
re: big hair.
Could be your new tag line!
Big thanks to for an intensely informative PdPlus call on the state of online privacy!
Really enjoyed it.
Lamborghini mercy, Yo chick she so thirsty
Woohoo!!
Thanks everybody!
We reached 15K Likes today!
I haven't talked to you in a few days, but I'm actually doing okay.
Im a clam.
Hard on the outside but soft on the inside, real soft.
If you want to add to your BBM come to tonight
Here we go doctorss rehearsal!
Tweet off !RT : answer when I call b
: I know we 'bout to sin; but your body is a blessing.Ayee
Well, that doesn't mean he's straight.
I swear oomf confuses me so fucking much 
Evaluating impact on the market is very important: are you causing harm for an owner?
it just said 298 for me !
ShoutOutToGuysThat Will ask out girls with game 3, not a text...
And once again i hav managed to stay up all nite.
Not to mention being ditched by so now im texting...
DylanMyBro!:P
You are in control of your thoughts.
Your thoughts can change your life!
A Belated THANLS for the mentionYou ROCK!!!
Reworking some slides from this week's Chem 6C presentation into images for course LibGuide.
Slow going, but
because when a dumb bitch says it, it must be true!
An since we hang out with so many people from our school too..
damn
question: what are ways that authors have said word processing has changed their writing?
answer: revisions
The GAB voted unanimously today that petitions filed against four GOP state senators were sufficient to trigger recall elections.
WELCOMEBACKJUSTIN !
WE MISSED YA AND WE'RE SO PROUD OF YA!
Proud of you...
Have fun!
:
What is your favorite family springtime activity?
This nigga still got the mind set that I'm in highschool wtf why did I come home for the summer 
your very welcome!
: I'm SOO excited!!
Love you!
: 
Cool peeps 
For the record, this was because I was getting TOO much professort and couldn't take the heat
hes all its just guys doctorssing as immature men they think they ALL copy jersey shore i was like thats not a jersey look
too pricey!
What can we dobro help???
RT : Aging, body image, other women's issues subject of art exhibition.
Great segment on Women of a Certain Age...
How does foursquare work?
Note to self.
don't try and answer your cell phone while on hold on your land line.
You know your just going to end up pissing off 2 people.
Had some of the Smokey Mtn.
Pretty good.
A little less kick I think.
: have you tried any of the legal moonshine
Ooh!
Jealous!
I haven't gone to Hot Doug's yet, but I am a huge Franks n Dawgs fan.
Gourmet hot dogs are so good.
it did thanks!
finally got in and got two bethels :
Kenzingr is the worst beer ever
we still have time :
Good morning to you!!
Busy must be contagious.
Hey, do you still eat 100 plums a week?
Finished with theory part of databasemanagement class.
Very interesting, but challenging.
My heart goes out to the Smith family and to all West Virginians at the loss of former Governor Smith.
THOSE TWO RIGHT THERE, TAKIN A POOP !
Hey Kathie.
Can you help promote like you do ?
TheLighthouseJukebox is my radio show.
Tatiana Congratulations!
You have a FREE pisco Join us tomorrow night for a 2x1 happy hour  your FREE...
doctoramt of the house I grew up in and the dog I gave to my mother last year.
WTF, subconscious?
Now I want cake
ugh.
me too!
this bitch keeps redueling me  kicking my ass!
i wish i was in Hufflepuff.
But Gyrffindor is good too.
:D
SongOfTheWeek Fix A Heart by Love, Love, Love.
well....call me?
:D haha jk 3 I'm starting to sign up for med school soon.
thanks baby :333
Space Ghost, captainin Cave Man, Jaber Jaws, Gem, and the Snorks, LOL!!!...the new ones r 2 subliminal  inappropriate 4 kids
meant in jest as you used that tag to describe yourself once upon a time.
I still think you're funny.
ex boyfriends these days...
smhh.
just shut up and leave me alone.
RT : The New York Mets / Madoff clawback jury trial for up to 300M set to start today in NY District Court.
A breeze in the Trees  Bennington Banner
Have a good one Pumi man!
yes  I'd still like to beat the balls off a certain ass bag.
Time will come, soon.
A verbal ripping w/o him realizing it.
Heck of a game.
Eli Congrats!
So incredibly horny
Looking forward to Wine In The Woods  2011 on Saturday.
HELL NIGHT is on Netflix streaming!
Woo!
I Started This Song Wanna Get On The Track With Me?
Happy Friday!
Swing by an use your card case when you pay!
It is awesome!
Anyone know of any webcams down on 6th St at sxsw ?
We ask operators to notify dispatch if they are running 5 mins behind or more.
This was not the case in this instance.
Going out to lunch with the girlfriend.
this should be interesting...
true story
Any live beat battles popping in the Michigan area let me know me and my people stay wit heat....
Need.
To.
Sleep..
Hideseek.
At IKEA.
good day.
I just put all of DowntonAbbey on my holds queue ...the day before my last semester starts
Oh no.
Bullshit cries  worried Collin getting a card.
He didn't but they got a PK and scored, we are in Trouble in Kansas City!!
I think having an MLS automatically gives you the authority to delegate
thank you  you will be my story forever about buying in  positive change.
Love you kid.
Great things in your future!!
Good morning!
Busy day, hoping to get the chance to make something wonderful tonight.
I'd take sleep
okay cool.
Any idea what position ?
And should I wear cleats?
Check out I wanna go By myself Aaron Davis on Facebook Check out Black cash and militant clic Thats where im at.
I got two jobs and a interview tomorrow ..
wish me luckk
Independent Women 
Telling your friend your fighting with off and all they can say is Ok, cause they know your right.
like i said we'll see
my heart just sank..
i think i'm gunna throw up.
view a great web designer and land and business renovator !!
One time I was late for P.E.
so our class was already done stretching and when we showed up my teacher was about to ...
For some reason, I'm craving shawarma.
Anyone know why?
AAPL: And yet it's tough to find many who'll say that they're overvalued.
Which is it: AAPL overval'd or MSFT/INTC/GOOG under?
Hey 5D owners!
Based on the new specs, how many of you are ready to sell off, trade in, or just chuck your Mark IIs for the Mark I?
Love watching
Tell me what is easier ...
crossing a river by walking over a bridge or having to swim across the turbulent waters?
That is privilege!
I guess that's what pisses me off the most about her getting off school earlier than me.
She could at least be thankful, I still have to ...
Been using GMail.
They've done a redesign that's been optional for awhile.
They've been threatening forced switchover to new.
wait just kidding, my site wasn't hacked
Success is not the destination; it's a way to travel.
Denis Waitley
Mobile Security and Application Ecosystems in Flux...
oh good!
Osteo sounds scary to me...
But I'm sure it'll get better.
:
I know right.
I so often have great stuff in my head and then it never gets said.
Glad to know I'm not alone:
k .
so give me some tips on what I should do with my pic...besides putting it...Oops never mind.
wink
Will do  you too!
Can't wait for the recording!
RT : it was great to have you on the show.
Keep inspiring!!
haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you
I wanna say it but that's so rude like I don't know him lmfao
Mesmerized watching SidneyPoitier describe growing up in the Bahamas  his 1st encounter with racism on 's
Bummed that I'm trapped in class and will miss UWSocial today!
Sounds like an awesome presentation.
I have some really awesome friends 3
Text me I need to axe you a question.
: we do!
after school : RT : I miss Need to have our Monday
I actually prefer the veggie rolls.
But very good.
Better do a shoot on a glacier!
I'd love to see girls walk on ice and freeze during a shoot!
Tough challenge!
Been there, AMAZING
Just had the best salad ever!
Can't wait to duplicate the recipe at home for the hubby!!
Clearing doctorins all over San Diego and saving our clients money evert day.
Call us any time 8585831798 www.gotdoctorins.co
Live life to the fullest.
If you can't get in trouble for it, it probably isn't worth doing.;D
We are excited as well!
See you Wednesday!
I'm scared to answer that ha
Happy Friday!
Thanks for sharing!
RT Ready for CC against Beckett at Fenway tonight let's go Yankees.
REGRETTING NOT ASKING FOR A SMOOCH WHEN I MET HER WAH : : :
great song.
I like a lot of what I've heard from
Thanks for the follow, we love Da Silvano  your awesome Tuscan dishes!
thanks Jessica!
Just received book 'Rise'  on career, leadership  life  in the mail and cant wait to read it!
AIM works on my laptop while I'm at school.Do you know how great that is..?
thank you!
Im stealing that!
Jus got payed I feel singing that sing I'm riding around and getin it !
Lol
lineup announced yet?
two more semesters to go
oh yeah?
Which part?
haha happens to me on that game all the time!
It seems like the answer is on the tip of your tongue
We got to 100!
Thankyou!
You like us...you really like us!
I found the child version of Now to get a good creeper picture of him...
Happy Holidays to everyone be safe and enjoy your loved ones C
Real estate attorneys Thomas Kaufman, John Ratino and Christian Hudson joined Goulston  Storrs in Washington, D.C.
from Hunton  Williams.
Yep, I enjoy UltraSwim.
I'm done!
hm, same agent that perhaps gave Smith an idea of where Peyton is leaning?
so are we finally going to get a federal investigation?
You can look at some bitches in Pensacola and tell they don't give a fuck about life..
Give up chocolate.
The candy...
not...
:b : I don't think it's necessary for me to give something up.
Instead I will share ...
Up next: , social media strategist and author, speaking about LinkedIn: Making the Connection.
unfortunately who could forget, but in general he saw the other end of union support,  picked up a lot of business backing...
no I wrote the ms, found an agent who shopped it around, and it was bought by Gallery/SimonSchuster
yes, Tesla is my favorite :
Its fun being a gaylebrity amongst the straight crowd.
Q1 Do you have a doctoram since you were a child but never pursued it?
How do you resurrect it?
lmfao i know
Ppl on my TL funny as hell lol.
Too pissed about this game
RT : Launch night.
Exciting!
Cranking it!
great job everyone!
Fleury was like the Bride in Kill Bill looking at the blade at her enemies surrounding her, before slaughtering them.
Haha exploded is exactly what happened.
I freaked when I saw it!
Didn't know I could be so upset w/ a crazy hacker!
okay, so maybe hasn't won The Glee Project yet.
But mark my words...
well.
judging from today's trending hashtags, i'm not the only one who didn't sleep last night...
I don't know.
We'll have to find out I guess.
I hope I don't have to watch Tim Teabag
I hope this helps more people understand why I will never write a piece of code for that company.
The last time we were closed it closed on us last minute !
So eh' please do!
;
America, lets give more support to Newt Gingrich!!!
He is a great American and the Democrats are scared of him.
Lets get them Newt!!!!!
Can't wait for workout mania with tonight!!!
So sorry honey.
We all appreciate your efforts!
ESP your discussion with the weather gods.
:You'll bring your cup as red is eliminated from the Cup.
See what I did there?
hate what you did there, but appreciate it too.
hey bro check your dms when u can
Just finished Annie rehersals...can't believe the show is Nov 11th and 12th.
Can't wait
Heh, and I'm the person in number 2.
Seriously trying to be able to lay back when someone else wants to leisurely ride.
Just now getting to watch projectaccessory I love it!
Love watching such talented individuals create their own masterpiece!
aw.....my friend no longer wants to come over.
LAWL x
I wonder why they don't make wind turbines more attractive to the eye.
I find them very ugly, although useful..
twitter or facebook?
askcallum big love x
Clueless is hard: I think it's more that the priorities have been elsewhere
A MargarDaiquriScrewalotOnTheBeach sounds delicious!
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
!
shame it clashed with
great, we hope you visit interiors from spain booth!
and also our magazine online: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Wordpress : RT Which blog sites do most people use and where do find templates?
Thanks for visiting  what did you have?
Well put.
yo follow me dog i seen ur videos on youtube ur funny and ur gunna be a good rapper someday
Statement game for the Heat, not for the gospursgo Spurs still own the best NBA record and just need to get ready for Fri game vs.
Mavs.
Looking for a run tracker app.
Any suggestions?
Good times last night at the tasting with Windy City guys.
Wickedly rich chocolate fudge cake would be my choice for you.
well i had two dorito tacos.
so yummy but they need more meat
: Getting cool points with cause I know swag you edjumacated me in English..
Allowing yourself to be satisfied with less than you deserve makes no sense..so why do it?
So far Mindy Kaling's book is very funny!
Enjoy!
too funny!
Great minds think alike ;.
Demo begins today in on Cloverleaf Mall, a multimillion dollar revitalization effort
me too!
this is going to be a good one!
NAB breaks Mexican standoff
I just wanna fuck with people right now
You need to understand
Awesome, thanks!
working on it.
once the list is put together we'll put it on the website!
Go stand on the scale.
did it say error?
no, cuz ur skinny.
3 hours of doctorving left bf I get to Syracuse.
Gotta get there bf dark bc my headlights are busted as of yesterday.
the doctor don't know what's wrong with her.
they don't think that she's gonna make it and she has cancer..
:/
Got a list of things to do a mile long.
So what am I doing?
Designing a new line of prints.
Felt good to go through a new experience of a set/design person last minute ;
Nap got my sleep schedule fxcked up 
Hi JL Bst wshs FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hard to believe this is my second last day at the pancake house.
Damn.
The biggest threat to America is Republican policies.
the table is still available!
Wow, I got a lot of traffic over night.
I feel special!
Now just go read the blog and I'll feel real special.
ya u.U de Galicia  tu?
it's amusing .
.
.
no, sad, to see House GOP fighting against tax relief for regular Americans.
I'm thinking creeper means something else on your side of the pond.
Please follow : les dar follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER : siganla :D eso..
BREAKING NEWS: Anoka Hennepin School board approves Respectful Learning Environment policy.
Passed 5 to 1 vote.
Neutrality Policy gone.
Most of the moms I meet in this industry are super cool.
They're also very helpful, the team includes them.
the guy with the bar mustache is hott!
we should have a tye dye parties like bffs do.
awhhh yeah.
i already called them up they're expecting us.
Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new agent in NO TIME...
Breaking News Story: The Movie Contagion blows
aight cool im checking that 1 out..
Whoa!
That's awesome.
Maybe I'll just be Casual Friday Iron Man.
Sometimes when I'm eating wings I forget that I am a civilized human being.
Gotta love being the 1st to the office, but forgetting yr key.
At least there's WiFi.
Sometimes sports fandom is just beyond me.
I'm guilty of it from time to time, but I like to think I stay reasonable
fucking pinheaded idiot.
phew...
been working on new material with Spence.
Can't wait to start recording at the end of March in Florida!
thank you from one thinking mom to another!
Weekend is almost here!!
Get to watch some girls beat each other lol!!
Cant wait for Saturday's football practice.!
Jessica Simspon has finally given birth!!
But what's with the boy name for their little girl?
Poor kid will be so confused!
I believe I just saw about 6 other fans on this flight!
We travel well...
Thank you.
RT you about that cute looks sweety avi speaks for itself.
Thank you!
We love our daughter and her Park!
RT : What a lovely photo.
She looks adorable!
I just remembered they're so close!!!
4famouswords I have a doctorAM
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in.
A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
Bill Vaughn
Senate vote 980 to pass tax credit now goes to House.
Watch for fast approval and off to the Pres
: I had just talked on phone w/her.
Just had to vent.
It's such a horrible condition.
If it was human, i'd kick it's butt :/
I have found Pokey Molasses' twin brother!
He is typing quotes for the Final Four.
that could probably work!
get ahold of me before then and we shall hang out!
It's Diet Coke time.
Snags in development  opportunity to communicate more.
Don't bury it.
so ,Adam Young and I are gonna elope :DD
I will, had so much fun hanging out.
I'm exhausted!
See you soon!
I'm on the plane.
Winder if this plane will have in air wifi
looking forward to SAVVY this week!
going to the movies!
You?:
I have issues.
Jep.
I'm interested.
I'll check it out!
After 2 months  2 hours on the phone I have finally received a credit from on an erroneous charge, w/ no help from either
click the back button on the top left hand corner
No you're not the only one, just to make you feel better its have of the world having problems with this :/
I keep dialing M for Murder.
Nope, they're still here.
Zealous rockers, Dont waste your money on a protest by downloading some greasy long hairs Vote For Wagner !!
everyones a winner !
It feels like summer!
Definitely a great evening to try one of our new cocktails : Bluejito: Veev Acai Liquor, Blueberries, Mint Leaves
After a wonderful trip to Whole Foods, arrived home to my Penzey spice order on my door step.
.
.Life is so good!
Jeb Bush will be the next POTUS.
I fully believe it.
I pretty much knew was gonna be Cee Lo's pick.
I mean he would have to be insane to not pick her!
A few hours ago, I've been baptized, confirmed and taken my first communion as a
havent been on here in a min
I'm feeling tired, myself.
:
..or London..
sheesh!
RT love texting a friend and finding out they are in the caribbean!
What am I not doing?!
Lol.
Pats doing serious damage in the doctorft, Redsox pounding the White Sox, Youk looks like his old self again, something's not right here...
It's not a split screen Fox9  it's about 30 soccer and 70 your onair talent pointing at weather graphics.
Doesn't she always?
: Oh look.
mister.
Carville is making shit up on CNN now.
Going to a trip tomorrow at Manhattan.
its going to be fun so by now, goodnight tweethearts!
I like the way you kiss me !
Free tasting of Stateside Saison at the Wine Source.
Watch out!
This guy is going to take over!
because why?:
Actually made me laugh...
RT: Boy shorts vs thongs  boy shorts!!
Time for cue cards for our nation anthem!
could be Newt is personally repulsive?
No chemistry
this is why i love yall3 YOU SHOULD COME TO AUSTIN, TEXAS IF YOU DO ME AND WILL DEFF GO!!!
WeMissAustin!
Go, Duke!
Contribute your World Piece today.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
It seems that Mitt Romney's basic message to Republicans is, If you can't have the one you love, then love the one you have.
MMG in full effect
Ewwww : Factor by which fleas that fed on Jurassic dinosaurs were larger than todays common house flea: 10
Don't keep testing the ones you love, at some point they will think you are doing it because you don't trust them
Justin Bieber is sexy !!!!!
BoyFriend 3
OPEN and ready to serve you on this beautiful day.
Come on in  warm up with us.
Double Punch doctornk of the Day: Honey Bunch Latte!
who has the shears?!
Lol
wer u der?
u saw it?
i tried calling ur fone is not going tru...
same to you!
Thanks!
want a medal?
scotch?
Yes beeby
I'm doing the personal Twitter thing now.
Who wants to be my Twitter best friend?
So help you god, you better say we're Twitter bffz.
Team building concept huh?
Yup!
Sapong on the bench for this one.
yep she played that part well :
would love to discuss how symbaloo can add to your ambitions?1 of the 7 fantastic free tools.
Saw an awesome Groucho Marx skit by Gregory Allan Bock at the piano bar Don't Tell Mamma last night!
He was amazing!
Everyone go see him!
MT Join us  11 this a.m.
for the groundbreaking of the new  in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
When u coming to Sunny Fla????
Hit me up!!!
THIS MALL SLICK!!!!
Ditto.
RT : GREAT advice RT When you're in doubt, glitter it out

it's my hard earned money You're welcome to pop bc get abortions You're not welcome to expect me to pay for it
if I had only tweeted earlier about the pdub, humpty might have never broken
School Tomorrow lol , Not Feeling It !
I have my justin cutout in my bed with me : 
A copy of Joy the Baker is on hold for me at the FPL!
YAY!
Any welcome back celebration for the Aztecs?
Where and when?
Hey people claiming to be 1 at something.
Let's see some supporting data, and no a note from your mother is not sufficient.
I didn't make it as a joke, I mean that every single one of you should all jump off a bridge.
Things can sometimes get lost in translation.
stop by today at noon for OPEN MiKE orientation/tour.
RT sleeping for 3 hours, then going to make sure is picked to carry on the fight that started.
Hi New York, Hi SethStefon is sad for Japan, it's like our little Asian New York.
I didn't tweet yesterday because...too sad.
I am standing I the middle of the couture team area HQ...
Jealous?
we wont start a sports blog me and you
congrats, sorry I couldn't make it tonight
Rugby is a good occasion for keeping thirty bullies far from the center of the city.
Oscar Wilde
Rip Facebook lol I like the tweeting tho..
That is Mahogany!
Yeah, I'm fucking pissed and emotional, not only for Fringe related reasons!
SOLD!
2 Bed/2 Bath Condo in West Hollywood, CA.
Did You Know for small package deliveries being sent around Chicago, its more cost effective to send same day than it is to send 12 days.
What has been up 2?
RT : MP's Kipper  Moses meet this AM.
Word is fav's did well but others just as impressive.
What is Copper Repiping?
Repiping projects should not wait until you start noticing leaks.
CALL PLUMBING PLUS today SanDiego 8584864070
I Scream Ice Cream on Carlisle and Indian School.
Awesome, just awesome
Simba is so cute.!
:
Hey I was just on the phone with customer support again.
Just so ya know.
BBQ tomorrow I'm there ay I got some interview  2 n after I'm heading over there
I knew you would agree: Rt : I know.
3/3/1777B.
Arnold:I beg you not take hasty steps in consequence but allow for recollection..My endeavours to that end shall not be wanting
oh shit my bad, haha I haven't been on twitter inna while.
HEY HEY IF U WOULD LIKE TO MEET JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE REPLY BACK AS IN WHY WOULD U ????????????
You mean Cooper and Luke??
: When travis and calvin fought
I get to hangout with Diana and Leslie tomorrow :
Chicken wings and fries..
for dinner
bo!
C how u do me
If new carpet begins to look tired, hot water extraction can effectively remove dirt and restore new carpet appearance.
Yeah, now i have my own twitter professorle!
HAPPY 25th BIRTHDAY TO MOJO'S WORLD CREATOR !!!!
1/4 of a century!
:
I miss Brittney Murphy.
Happy birthday !
sacscoc improve student understanding of class expectations
All right, Thunderbirds, that's how you start a mustwin game!
M's beat the A's 31.
Brandon League gets a free shave.
And, the Mariners have the best record in Major League Baseball.
Ichi Meter is at 4.
Today needs an eject button
i figured it out, i think im dying
what is your newbie name?
Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!
FInding internet sources AS you are writing your paper is probably not the best idea.
you're so pretty c:
they are finally going to play you on the radio !!:
RT : New from Mashable!
15 Essential Twitter Chats for Social Media Marketers: Ann Smarty is a search marketer and fu......
No, but if people do it today I will tomorrow.
Wait, they fired Robin Williams' character because he wouldn't do the voiceover for a bird who was smoking on a kid show?
using sharepoint for catalog?
what?
what?
what?
Just made it to set.
Shooting at an abandoned insane asylum in Staten Island.
Let's get MENTAL!!!
hope the off season is going well!!!
Stoked for next season go get it 9!!!
you have pretty hair: !
that'll teach me to joke about the weather...it's snowing this morning :
It seemed during the Holmgren era we got 3game road trips every year.
Nah, I Actually love my school, just not the work, I just hate being sick, Cuz Im ALWAYS Sick :/
Folts gave a terrific discussion on why Mckay comm records not available
LOOOL I DO THAT ALL THE TIME!
Want me to bring some ice ?
;
Chocolatecovered gingers from rock.
Playing New S.
Mario Bros.
Wii w/ my 7yo brotherinlaw.
He's very zen about dying.
Just buttbombs down into nothingness once it's too late
Josh Hamilton would probably crack my softball teams starting lineup
good morning my love!
:
Honored to be the 1000th!
Enjoyed your HBR piece, BTW.
Whatever storm rolled through last night missed the Bronx...
were you advised to order animal style?
or maybe you're going with some other more obscure secret menu item?
Unless someone stopped breathing, its NOT necessary for you to run in the office.
Hey I heard you were a wild one:
5 Bear Boots for LADIES all night long tonight!
Some girls are only meant to be hoes Smh
pizza hut really hit the spot
The magnetic ramps produce motion from point A to point B in a seamless disconnect.Curve the propelling field to utilize gravity to restart.
awesome!
thanks for doing that!
You probably have that face She might be interested in what I'd have to say?!
hahaha
ireallyhatewhen people keep having kids and can't take care of the one's they have.
Yes I'm SO excited for season 2 of HartOfDixie and thank you!
gotta give and take.
cant always give

Say you want customers to love your beer.
Brew great beer.
the word is all you need.
Nice meeting you IRL, too!
:
gurrrrl are you going to the iwny opening party and/or afterparty tonight?
Fresh baked cod and cous cous for dinner, Farmer's casserole in the oven, will be enjoying early am tom.
So many juicy rebounds.
Love it RT When ppl ask me questions I mmediately answer six.
Even yes or no questions.
Just...six
is honoring the Council tonight at their 130th Anniversary Celebration, from 69 PM.
Hope to see you there!
Is the Park  Stay code only good by itself?
Can't use it with a Corporate discount, for instance?
What's good twitter world....please checkout my Music Page  www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 Peace God
We cannot abandon hope for kids because their external circumstances are difficult, says Pastorek Event
this past tuesday made one year at time flies!
i think we have accomplished much in this time.
how did it go?
You need to get a job
Follow our stellar mentor for the upcoming Shes helping to spread LeanStartup Register now!...
Because maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me And after all You're my wonderwall
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
I hate when I forget what I'm finna tweet !
I feel like the amount of chaos in my life is directly proportionate to how far offskew the photo frames on my wall are tilting...
My hair is getting so long and I love it!
It hasn't been this long since either 8th grade or freshman year.
:
i certainly will!
true and theatrical...
things i like!
:
no mic ultra
decisions decisions decisions
Well i wasnt gonna talk to you anyways!
Time is precious and we have a whole extra DAY to do something good in the world.
Or at least enjoyable!
The republican candidates should begin considering a platform for change such as Mitt or Nuet for pres and vp and Mich/san
forreal?
Haha i hear good things bout em all the time, I need to try some!
Festival of Books!
It's happening, folks!
:D
good thing 2am here is like 10pm anywhere else
Joey wat it do
the cookies were delicious!!
Thanks for always striving to make your state fair ladies happy!
Getting ready to hit the gym.
Probably with rocks.
Maybe some sticks.
AutoRepair The Hassle of Vehicle Problems and the Hassle of Automotive Repair
NY band is from Brooklyn.
I'm from Brooklyn.
Does anyone care that anyone is from Brooklyn?
Only people from Brooklyn.
I would know.
You have no clue how excited I am to get a free box of Trident gum from
I believe there are more than 1 family biz owners.
Who are you referring to?
We just arrived at the HCC candidates forum.
There are lots of people here, great crowd!
Very exciting!
not my best moment.
Hey world, did you know dalton hands out money to strangers?
It's a hobby of his.
I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms.
I have misdirected rage, too!
Do fur babies count?
The doer of the thing is severely limiting business and income growth.
The marketer of the thing has virtually unlimited income potential.
digable planets comeback!
i don't care.
I've been good.
Was in Texas all last week.
Now I'm home n back to work.
What about u?
ah yes the soKodak commercials bring back great memories!!!
I love them too!
Who was I doing my hair for its work o.O
OkI thought that BJ Raji was the next in line...
Do self help books work if u don't know ur self?
Ha.
I like that.
I gotta RT that.
Weird.
I see your message from Tweetdeck, but not a web browser.
Maybe it'll behave better today.
happy mothers day :
Great company!
Thanks!
yeah, this weekend was a shocker tho i was like oh shit i'm not ready for this weather's outfit choices.
:p
that bitch was like immma be late !
biitttcchhhhh, she say she possessed..!
LMAO HELL YES!!!:
that would be GREAT lmao
Wow!
If you aren't going to write about this for , I will!
visit BBR for a cocktail...duh!
im hype gunna go hard n tha paint tonite wit my boi's
I havent seen my niece in.
.
.
.
.idk how long !
Call the White House and tell the President to keep his promises about medical cannabis!
Call 2024561111 now!
Holy crap!!
Can't believe KU was the first 1 seed to go out.
They had been pulling games out of their rears all year and finally got caught
Can I doctornk booze while watching Mary Poppins or is that just wrong?
Goodnight, I Hope I Wake Up To His Text .
Sat down on the bus...and the seat was warm.
Kinda grossed me out.
Why do all local media seem giddy about the traffic this morning and who is parked where and riding what?
Just askin
These next two were admission tweets from my time with
Everywhere I look I girl has a feder in their hair
The new record is coming....
Today started a little off...but in the end it really was a great day.
In due time!
I was just watch that
Prove that brotherhood is not so wild a doctoram as those who professort by postponing it pretend.
Norman Corwin, from On a Note of Triumph
: Come here ..
I wanna taste you
sorry!
It will get better, I promise!
The cloud defies generalization  Anyone who says cloud is cheaper is wrong.
Come listen to the last half an hour!
UPDATE: Scout council votes to sell one camp and part of Ingawanis
Schools Use Nintendo Wii, Games to Fight Obesity: Some schools are integrating game systems such as the...
dlvr.it/mKjZv
Antique closing techniques like features and benefits are too boring.
Build comfort and trust on a personal level and see how easy it is.
Let me know when.
I have a cool digital recorder and even colder beer waiting!
all my time in NC and I never made a full visit to , doctorve around and by it, but never got to stop :
Ok.
Not sure why I stopped following people on Twitter.
Promise that it wasn't on purpose!!!
I'm spunky.
I like my oatmeal lumpy.
RT : Working to confirm details, but reports are coming into our newsroom that 16yearold Taylor Siders has been found.
just arrived back in the A getting ready for bed and thanking God for returning me home....i am so glad to be back....YES!
FF , T's style  beauty director and future Twitter phenom, no doubt.
Hope we get to see the supermoon in Cleveland tonight...
haven't yet.
UPDATE: Powell Blvd open in both directions now E.
of I205 at the scene of that earlier crash.
RT thanks my man appreciate support.
Ill snatch something from ya we'll stay in touch
Two more follows for me and I got sixty followers!
Woohoo!!!
Today on Speed channel don't miss the opening race for World Superbike.
Marco Melandoctor will be making his debut on the BMW S1000RR!
: any tips on how I can get into modeling or acting
idk it just got undone !
Not too late for a Happy
Thank you!
The Charles Village 12th district forum is just about to start.
There is still time to attend.
Stop on by!
im not!
Don't know what it is but ill find the app!
And we have a game!
Go Dodgers !!
I followed everyone back So stop complaining.
Happy Mother's Day!
I hope you are having a splendid day!
Even if you knew i'll still be right lol
Great Excerpt from An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies  Great tips for dining out.
What do you think?...
So with cooler temps., and while ground doctores, why not visit one of the many zoos, bit and small, in the state?
So jealous of for being able to go out and not have to work in the morning.
I think the supermoon has made my library patrons off the chain crazy.
Yikes.
Got Acne?
Ask your boyfriend what to do.
Oh, that's right, you don't have a boyfriend.
Great workout today
Leaving work.
Thanks.
Too bad, you could've had this good looking hottie in your group.
How did it go yesterday?
Sorry I couldn't make it!
Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
: I had a blast!
JJ helped some young fans make !
Please follow JJ he is my ro model!
I'm biggest fan!
I want a pet narwhal bc thier awesome and underwater unicorns
You get everything you want, and you still had to do this.
What what!?
There are some weeks that one can only face by wearing an adorable little hat.
/cc
Follow nafsaAD for live updates from Advocacy Day tomorrow  Wed.
We're excited for everyone coming to DC to advocate for IntlEd!
m...can anyone partake in the snacks, or is it just a student thing?
;
haha one day I will have that elusive Chance Q and A
those are good too, that place is awesome
is heating up coffee for me.
I am very thankful.
Bought tickets to Chicago for lovefest!
Bing Travel is where it's at...thanks
Great meeting you as well.
I'd be delighted!
Just hit me up with the details!
Once again, a dead man again!
On set in Mobile.
On this day in 1865, Joseph E.
Johnston surrendered his forces to William T.
Sherman at Bennett Place just outside Durham Station, NC.
what a lovely morning to wake up rested, fresh, and reporting the weather.
Seize the day!
;
CCT information session tonight at 5:30 PM in the CCT office conference room.
If you'd like to know more, please join us!
For a big idea I boot up the computer and get it all down  back it up on a flash doctorve.
And then I can't sleep.
I keep getting up to turn off my alarm  then snuggling back up to sleep.
It's gonna make me late.
exactly every class today for me sucks :/
Chillin at the Valencia mall doin some good ole homework and waiting to chill with later!!
So excited!!
:D
Happy Friday to all our followers!
doctorve safe after your holiday party!
..if you're lagit, email me..otherwise, ciao!
Stronodelarosa
Ik a guy who's addicted to brake fluid, he says he can stop at any time
who is it?
girl.
Might don't make it.
that's the best kind of mimosa!
Female mud wrestling has always been a show for the sexual pleasure of men.
it's a beautiful world, Jack.
sadly, i'm not THAT wellconnected.
haha!
it's young frankenstein, an oldie but a goodie!
About to have my broken big toe yanked back into proper alignment by my stepdad doctor.
So, if you hear that girlish squeal..
It's been a great trend.
I'd love to see a full Asian Studies thatcamp
I can't wait until I'm 18.
RT : TODAY at 2:20 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will appear on to discuss market strategy.
Doing karaoke with two male alto singers is like ok let's do Adele all night long just don't let me sing.
I get it in regardless why do you truthfully feel I need you your like a car part Hun REPLACEABLE
I have overdue library books...
just thought I'd let you know.
Hi, you like to write?
What do you like writing?
You also read, do you read sci fi and fantasy?
Who are your favorite authors?
I hear retro slut is big this year at fashion week.
trying to be cool on this friday, not to let anyone get me all wound up.
we will see how that works out.
Who goin to ibiza tonight?..
I am!!!
I can't stand Urijah Faber's 1970s Tiger Beat hairdo.
Launch of New MembersOnly Travel Deal Site
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.
Steve Maraboli,
26 days of school left.
mmmhmmmmmmmmmmm.
Ed Sadlowski and Marc Vike telling their WI story at
sent you an email.
all good.
thanks for asking
BABY MONITOR DUH lol its right behind me and i turn it up real loud and keep the head set off my right ear lol
So be thankful for the mobile home or minivan you call home, you could be some single jackass in a 5 bedoctorom house you never could afford
Is it just me, or is the word iconic WAY overused by the media?
Not a day goes by that I don't hear it.
Happy birthday !
We were checking out a friend's event on another ticket service today, and noticed the service offers to email forgotten passwords.
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
Lebron over exaggerating that hit on him.
Lmao!
Come pick him up again so I can see you w/o getting in trouble
Today, Thurs Nov 17 is your last chance to take advantage of our 5 nightly special.
The Adamouski competition is also representing artists on their blog, don't miss out on the opportunity to be noticed that much more...
still waiting on that beat
Lawrdd , my auntiee want me to watch Friday wit her!!
i wish.
he's liz's bf
Yea that's cool.
I'm debating on if IM gone do it or if my BROTHeR is gonna do it.
Having date night with my best girl at Moe's Pub Tonight, Gonna watch the Badgers whip up on Mich St!!
Go Bucky!!
no.
I don't care for that site.
Why did you send this to me?
i would buy the tickets but my dad won't give me his credit card number because he thinks i will buy everything
i can  will say that the 8.00 i am asking will b the best 8.00 you will ever spend on entertainment 4 your mind.
Serious deep humor
iGat 482 Followers , Lets See Who Be A Fag ' Unfollow Me !
lets keep HOPE alive, and maybe there will be someone that dont mind putting up with me for as long as I live:
Did you see last night on the Simpsons?
Hilarious.
We looked into each other's eyes and smiled without saying goodbye.
We never said goodbye.
Pretty pumped for and 's new music video being released later today!
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions make sure to ask me :
will you be meetig fans at warped in Orlando Fl??
:
I love you because you haven't given up on me :
There's no damn business like show business  you have to smile to keep from throwing up.
Billie Holiday
nope did not know that...
Thank you!!!!
Falwell Jr.
announces that Liberty football team is moving up to NCAA Division 1
Why am I up this freakking early?
They say that they're winners, ok well lets see
5 Pinnacle Martinis!
No, but remember no lunch until 11:00.
: : Is it wrong that it's 9:50 in the morning and I want some macaroni and cheese?
Bennett what does that fucking cloud look like!!
Tell me now!!
A comment on HungerGames.
This is happening all over the world where childoctorn are used as soldiers.
Human RIghts Watch exposed for years.
Awesome.
Couldn't tell what uni you attend, but do you know my bestie UT/Dallas?
i thought it was general admission?
whyd you wait for me you duck?
Thanks for the RT!
That place sounds like it will be a fun spot!
The look in your eyes says things I don't want to know.
I graduated college today, but my mom saying you better tap that ass when she meant bust a cap in that ass  best moment.
One of the fundamental skills of good writing is to deliberately unintentionally incorrectly not misspell words correctly.
Or something.
RT : where you gonna be at for pick up tin roof nobody kidnapping me this tyme
Meanwhile, what emergency RB do I start?
Javon Ringer or Marion Barber?
That'd be awesome!
I suggest you req/tweet to CMT and CMT shows.
Would LOVE us to have a 2cd season AND a 2cd half hr!
: 

RT : Who stayed up for the entire Brewers game last night  is a little sleepy this morning?
Who's doing it again tonight!?
Screen Printing supply megastar.
RT : SM forces me, gently but firmly, out of the isolation and into growing every time I connect.
edchat quote worth saving!
The wife must be thrilled.
Brew City Online has 18 beer pouch hoodies and 40 off tshirts through the holiday season!
I have 1,234 connections on
At a concert listening to a song dedicated to my dad :D hahaha
Omg do I have to get out of bed
Screw Axel for not showing up!
As long as you hear Slash tear it up all the GNR you
sweet sweet freedom
kladike bars r so much better lol
editing with
I'm ABSOLUTELY in!
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell.
Serena's hair always looks like a bird's nest
Preparing for all of the Bachelorrelated tweets this evening.
Who needs to watch the show?
sleep, goodnight twitter!
:
Why are so many conservatives starting to follow me on Twitter?
It is a little disconcerting.
O's, Strohs, and Natty Bohs Hon!
....guess what I got in the mail today?!
dude...
It's been there for like the longest time.
: .
thanks for following us.
Does Farmers insured Pit Bull owners?
We rescue ALL breeds!
Thank you too!
yes!
DIRECTIONATOR!!
: is it true?
if it is how dare you leave the group!
i hate you............
Got my juicer back from New York last night and now my fridge is full of delicious green juice :
:D and omfg I do to...
Fuck me.
Polo!
;D
to cold for that lol
Only piece of shit I've held in my hand longer than the one in the Duke Nukem Forever opening is this stupid Samsung.
atleatsitsnotATT
I wish I could be with ya!
But I would def appreciate it.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Don't forget about Raw tonight with the !
Racing and Wrasling
guess I'll check ma voicemail
Getting Custom iPhone Application Development Services across the globe by Leading iPhone App Development Company  VincentIT.
Our Expert i
Going to the meeting this evening?
Be sure to stop by  say, Hey!
to our awesome founders.
Closer to giving biz the tools to stay competitive: Bill to est.
Industry Partnerships by statute FINALLY goes to PA House
Hmm let's see what Friday the 13th has in store for us this time...
FAiLED!!!
RT Trying to do work
Finally registered a project w the Writer's Guild.
Now I know how it feels to have your very own baby!
Very annoying  I won't do it again
let me ask you guys this?
Why in the world is Ron arrest still allowed in the league?
my cookies are delicious!
YAYY!!!!!
RT : decided I wanna go to university of cincinnati.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Will Rogers
twitter feelings really?
Ok I don't want u too respond so Fast .
Place yourself in my shoes n tell me would u still be upset
that's really cool.
im an exception!
He needs a friend.
Come tell a Ghost Story during the 2nd Annual Ghost Story Contest Tue.
Sept.
13th, 6 p.m.
Details, www.storytellingarts.org.
Snow kiting classroom complete.
I think it is about time I bought skis.
RIP Dick Clark.
Hope you're at peace.
nolongerrockin'
hiya!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Maybe we can come
he needs to get 12,500 follows by tomorrow to do a video chat!!
They say two wrongs won't make it right but it's suiting me just fine
lmaooooo and then will never txt bak right after I tweet that !
lol
// so should I plan to bench or cut J.
Ford in ff?
At Trish fam house...why are we still here?
I'm trying, girl!
stillpoor hahaha
If you're unable to transfer WMA Audiobooks to your iOS device using OMC, download and install the latest version of...
Film audition tomorrow!
And another later this week!
Netflix stock plummets as more subscribers leave
will be at Frankie's Tiki Room tonight from 8pm until past midnight
excuse my french...
; hahahaha
Int'l obligations bow to the Constitution, not the other way 'round.
Obviously I disagree with the result in Golan, but .
.
.
SHOUTOUT to my new follower  got u love
You hurt me more than what I deserve because I loved you more than what you deserve.
sorry we were hacked :
I must say your class was the bomb today!
Now i know how get fighters to be champions
Gordo misplaced his beret, so he's wearing his toque.
Good enough, right?
Enjoy your BastilleDay cruise!
you got it bffl ; that's how we roll!!
Don't hate me!
Thanks for the mention  it was a great article for you to have included!
Past by some highschool students.
Dude told a girl, that's why u can't dance.
She replied that's why ur tiny.
Idk, I say he lost that one
That gets an amen.
RT : How can we listen to a bunch of celibate men tell us about our bodies?
Thanks for the FF mention today with such awesome Jax folks.
Honored.
I hear it's lovely this time of year.
Costa Cruises Holiday Sale up to 100 onboard credit!
Tis the Season for sailing with Costa!
Kids sail from 199 Caribbean!
8008037245!
After midnight, all conversations lead to sexual topics.
Hope all you Shasticians had an awesome Sunday brunch somewhere delicious in the SFBayArea!
Enjoy the sunshine, catch sum live music!
Miner number two up and safe!!!!!!!
I think you just found Ryan Murphy's next project
please wear your all black uniforms Sunday!
They look tuff!
Happy Birthday !
All I ask the lord for was for better days
YouHadMeAt would you like fries with that?
Still thinkin about u
Don't worry, I made it to Orlando.
Barely.
cheatingdeath cc:
RT : Great contest: RT : Win A Trace of Smoke, A Night of Long Knives, and A Game of Lies!...
Let my European adventures begin.
2 countries, 10 days, and my sinuses are acting up.
agree.
never abandon, but brands need to forge deeper.
Push/Pull vs Push focus...
R.I.P Whitney Houston yuu will be missed
This guy next to me is counting money like he just robbed a bank 
QUESTION OF THE DAY?
If your boyfriend/girlfriend cheated on you, would you want to know about it?
Renember the Zoey101 theme song?
I do...
I thought the Italian was told Heidi no more animals...5 dogs and a blonde gorilla is enough
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.........
Oh wait, that's not me.
That's from Goodfellas.
I wasn't impressed w/ Black in America series but I'm giving BeyondTrayvon a chance.
I hope does better this time.
hahaha cranky old white man...
i feel like i'm 80...
like a man who's lived life, ready to judge the world
Whole gamut of Social Sciences  The Hindu
I am getting NO email today yahoo I am in TN.
Getting old...
LUCIANA performing LIVE at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY performing her hit song I LIKE THAT call SARAH at 9154492066 for info or VIP
thanks!
we think so too!
had such a great time on fri nite.
Thanks for letting me tag along.
I need you contact info.
DM?
writers, what are some of your favoritewords?
I want to know!
So nicee to see the family and !!
:
You lil orangutan :p
In Pension Cmte, lots of visitors to hear what the Mayor has to say about his plan for fixing the municipal fund.
10confessions 2.
I love to sing
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
1
u wearing 91 for the ravens ?
that's my girl
Huge congratulations to on adding to her list of Social Media clients!
Way to go!
had to eat at Olive Garden and had to have his chin glued back together.
So much bad news for my friends ...
How do you react to the Google redesign?
...
the fact that if you work until after 3:30 you can't get one during the week....
And people wonder why my shit is always expired.
my problem is you sir.
have fun at the farmers market and BBQ!
I've given one talk and led two hack sessions on the projector so far.
So much fun!
Make me your radio, and turn me up when you feel low, this melody was meant for you, just sing along to my stereo
This heat is killing me  .
Sometimes I want to sing Colors of the Wind to ignorant people.
let me know when you are free during Christmas break and we can do lunch or something.
Maybe even invite :
Catching up on familyguy on they are really pushing their plus membership, any1 recommend it
lets be swanky and eat dinner in dtown!
I collect cats.
Let's go Make Canadians proud.
Support them
it's all good.
I give my girl props.
I wonder who taught her how to hit .
Don't forget Max hit a couple
i love your piece!
thanks for sharing it with me!
i love the rest of your blog also :
Hey, !
Did you steal my hideout, or did I steal yours?
Hogs play S Carolina tomorrow at 1 Hogs going for the series win Go Hogs Go!!
New years with and !!
My SeniorShift is mostly Funk and Old School
Im cuddling with my mf pillow Fuck A Bitch !
lol
There is no safety in solitude, only solidarity  Katie Harman
This week I've learned a lot about reacting to newness.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down?
Or speed up?
Happy Halloween, everybody.
JAMS is definitely the house giving away full size candy bars.
No minitoothpaste/ minitoothbrushes here.
Haha.
are thinking about 2012 show plans...can't wait 2 get sum new tunes 2 ya!
: Lol u b forgettin about me doe..
RT : : Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh http:// U Up Top?
Want to B inspired by a kid?
We're walking with www.zachtracker.com he' walking across the counrty...almost done!
RT!
we may have some screenprinting needs in the near future.
Keep following.
Thanks
I'll keep it simple.
I wonder if gamers are more or less likely to have played the Mega Millions than the general public.
Probably no one's done a poll on this.
I can't wait to get more songs recorded.
The full length is gonna blow minds.
thanks and FF back!
Once fear, procrastination held me back well Ive now put them to one side
Hey, sister, follow me so I can send you a DM.
Just talked to on the phone until 3 a.m.
!
problem considering I have to be up early for a show tomorrow, Night Twitter;
What famous living person would you want to meet for doctornks?
You're most welcome!
I hope so, too!
:
Thanks for the love!
RT: BBQ lovers Coop's is awesome it's in Lemon Grove and they have excellent reviews on yelp.
Arguing with dad...
not fun...
I'm awesome thx for asking ;
Tonight Birthday Party at The Federal 5303 Lankershim Blvd North Hollywood 91601 red carpet starts at 10pm all industry free!
I'm hoping for iPad 2S
I had a doctoram that Beyonce sacrificed Kelly Rowland and Kelly died.
That was some doctoram.
Del mar fair, club m, Humphrey concerts, Sunday la jolly cove.
Thursday la mesa car classicSD June fun.
its leebbbbaaaahh baby ...
Lol  I had to !
Its been like 6months o.O
Video Streaming Outside The Firewall Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
I will be having 2 today buahahaha
Yea I know I thought it was just them until I talked to them
Cant wait..!!
My group opens for May 26th at The Rave in Milwaukee,WI Yeah Buddy..!!
You will never be alone with me there!3
thanks.
not.
I just tweeted.
really?
Twin pups!
then your uhh other cat has a big head:p
Today's Declaration: I deserve to be rich because I add value to other people's lives.
A tie between Tottoro and Kiki.
Nothing wrong with liking both teams and loving that LAisTheBasketballGauntlet right now.
Don't forget to vote team
Tf, Broke Ass Iron..!
I'm hoping if I do tons of yoga that I'll get the same results as working out w/o having to lift anything heavy or run
when the person you like tells you, don't worry you'll find the right guys someday.
What are you doing up there?
haha so true!
see you tonight!
Is covered in metal shavings and grime all in the name of cool design...
what a great night at good old pump it up....
Follow your boy!!!
SS3 is on repeat for the day.
motivation then hitting the booth
I finally have somebody to talk to that's gone through the same thing with our parents.
I'm down!!!
Lol sean aint here ima call matt!
kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate meAnd when youre fucking someone else just fuck her like she ain't me
Just doctorpped The Reign Is Over go visit www.thorobreadentertainment.com and git ur free copy
Preparing for my beauty segment tomorrow morning at 9am of Fox 35.
Tune in to see part 2 of my Summer Skin Series.
Excited!
Sitting around thinking about my doggy.
Now your all i think about while im laying in the dark...
Bard nohitter gone in 2nd.
Might as well go home.
RT yes!
Memorial Hermann does it again!
houston hospital live tweeting brain surgery Follow or MHbrain via
Atty for former SD cop accused of assaulting women says some alleged victims enhanced their stories and hoped to make  by suing city.
Roasting is an art and a science.
.
.
Learn more at our Dinner this Wednesday ft a 4 course coffee dinner!
NYC here we come!
Leaving at 0430 for the Big Apple!
:
Truth.
RT : It's ok, because in 3 days it will be 90 degrees, then next week it will start snowing
Oh yeah EPIC Rangers gonna look slow tonight 41 DEVILS
Just found a nerdy NEA job in DC that I would love to have.
Hm, wonder if they'd let me work from Indy?
Mama'd rather stay here for now.
yeah i gotchaa
I am: Ill play yours in a bit lol,I have a lot of requests
repealing DADT is way different than the legalization of homosexual marriages and he openly said he was against that in 2008
Just met the fantastic Wish you all the best in your climb up the charts!
what game was she watching???
Did she miss the 6 weak offensive fouls on vandy?...
If you like Korn I love you
Hmm, really?: RT : In all of our relationships, we can only give what we have.
Welcome 2 the team!!!:
Good to see you're still alive; Happy Birthday!
I think it's baby time!
I caught that as well.
Not a good quote for UK.
actually BOTH sound good to me !
Am buying a microwave chip maker from PamperedChef !
Let's see how it does !
lmao its like that
lol we need to go talk to them
ill always support you no matter what kay?
you should look at your DMs sometimes too : love you 21
.
If you write it, Laurel, you could bring in Baxter and call it MOON'S OVER MY HAMMY.
you're such an inspiration  you can hear the emotion in skyscraper I love it!
3
haha no.
It was so weird!
I woke up and looked outside to see a raccoon on our patio I'm like okay?
It was so cute though!
surely serious.
Just a question of logistics.
Could chase doctorve if you gave him gas money?
Maybe an INCREDIBLY close tight shot and zoom out to what it really is ...
We only DIDN'T stay there because we got a family discount at the Marriott at the time.
Get your genetically modified vegetables at your nearest
Ahh I would have loved to see you doing the Alexa dance!
I miss you and I wish you were in all my piccies with me :
Man!
I cant do anything right.
Im so useless im sorry im sorry i made you sad ugh im stupid WeMissAustin!
Help support me and yourself by signing up for free at OneFreeAd.com!
Thanks guys!
:
Time to get some burgers and pbr.
AMURRRRRRRRRRICA
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
uh huh?
U still owe me dat cookie.
Or do u want 1.
Lolz!
RT : Feelin bad for taj boyd.
They lost and now everybody hates on him smh bandwagon..losing again now...lmao...
That would be great, wonder if some might know what it is?
We all hope to see you and Erin soon.
Cheers!
Tests done....Christmas Party here me and David Come!
I can't wait!!
:
I bet all the folks in this video was full of the loud, bars, and powder..
I'd be naming every chain in Austin if I was there.
In reality if already have tickets though.
Chipotle?
Winner RT : I like olives, especially when they're soaked in vodka with just a touch of vermouth.
Thanks and Credit on video goes to
I hope so!!!
Been waiting long time :D
awesome dude..
GL!
What is going on with Spain?!
They just can't seem to connect the final pass!
Dont like it when the smell of someones hair product is so overpowering it becomes their actual fragrance.
Lets keep it going!!
you said your getting a new 1 tomorrow
Big Time Moms :
Brompton Dock cycle hire arrives in Manchester
oh please!
Lol
I love Miami
I'm glad there's not really any hate lovatics/selenators are talking about is in my timeline.
Keep the peace.
Who else LOVES Center Stage?
RT : Thank you!
You have been keeping busy too I see!
ZS
My student The amazing Miss Eileen Garrido, age 13, will be singing in D.C.
For the 2012 Gala LarryKingCardiacFoundation!
Giving a shot of the last rehearsal session for the Unnamed song before going on air this Sunday!
should pick off waivers LakerDarell???
you're my new favorite stranger.
Oxy Mo: Loose tights
i am so possessive of things when i know i only have a small amount of time with it/them
Don't get me wrong.
I am glad more people are focusing on our schools.The city, county, state and federal govt in S Diego should collaborate
Listening to Rush explain why corporations are people reminds me how stupid and gullible he must think his listeners must be.
Maybe 5, but have to believe still looking at other options like Furcal, Carroll, others right?
I really think no 1 is listening 2 dis guy speech
I need some nyquil or some sleep pills or Somethin I can't sleep for shit
Just Found Out KMSL Stands For Kill Myself Laughinq I Feel So Fuckn Slow !
Just registered for 1st southern bjj gi open saturday April 28th who else is coming?
Weekend in Brighton with GdoctorLondon oussu!
i got yelled at for giving someone a hug??!?!?!??
knew it.
I am tuning into on tonight to see my girl I hope her assistant didn't mess anything up!
:
Chiefs Rookie Camp.
Martin Rucker is definitely built up to the size he needs to make it in the nfl.
Hope he gets an offer.
ah amazing ah ah amazing!
Crazy blessed.
So much love for my people right now.
then you adopted him?
Sounds similar 2 usual?
same theme?
Mine's nothing like that, just a load of crap regarding recent stuff
Crazy day!!!
Listed 2 new properties.
Will send links later.
Office space and retail space.
me and are twins born 4 years apart basically
Some days I REALLY hate Silverpop.
Really.
schoolmemories walking into 6th period after the bell rings with since first day of school!
aww im gonna miss that :
that is the stupidest thing iv ever seen in my life
The Lonesome West opens tomorrow night!
Fantastic audience response during previews...
Come check us out!
W.ruskingrouptheatre.com
we both wor a costume but i don't wanna put up mine lol..
THANKS TO YOU VERY MUCH!
lets win together son I'm your real father
By the time the second season comes
On the 3rd day of Christmas my Favorite piercing shop gave to me........
30 off all stone plugs!
it's going to be a week of combatives immersion!
Nothing but a solid week of fight training, conditioning and working out!:D
If you haven't been to yet, A you're missing out, and B it's today's Groupon!
Go, buy, now!
those kitty cats :
oh wow!
tonight.
nickleby's lounge in akron.
be there.
freedoctornk on me with a retweet.
We are THREE followers away from hitting 100!
Thanks everyone for the support!
We appreciate ALL of you!
HappyFriday :
You like?
There will be more.
Different shapes, sizes and colors.
Just junk wire and old metal plaster lath.
is the happiness coming out you like lava?
Thanks!
Considering starting to home brew and wondering if I should grow my own hops....and what kind.
Gym time!
Coachella pool party motivation
thanks so much :
Presentation on the history of Morgan Park and Wilson Park by Dale Green from Morgan State.
Are ya'll having a birthday celebration for GlamBar this year??
Sen is one of my heroes.
Did grad school in the midst of the rational expectations revmacro a mess.
Micro makes sense.
FUN FACT: Spain has the highest number of bars, restaurants and coffee shops, in the European Union, more exactly 344.426!!
You guys are the reason why i never want to be home.
Thanks!
RT love your blog!!
what a great idea to revamp a wardoctorbe!!
definitely something we'd recommend!
i rang the door bell as well nugga
tell me more about Provenge and your concern and stuff?
Prayers are yours.
Never say never on mtv...
The tears 
Good morning love
Me and !
Please and Thank you!
Would Love to go!!!
Yesterday I was lied to by someone I thought that loved me.
What should I do?
oh.
I missed an and before the which.
William Carlos William didnt write a misplaced modifier like that.
YouKnowShesTheOne when you cry when she left you cause you cheated on her...
cherish her dude
We would love to hang.
Next time for sure!
Keep voting and next time will be soon :
if lovin' you is wrong, then it must be wrong.
Yeah, people are going to start to wonder...
I'm sexy and I know it.
Walking, walking, walking...hoping to meet my baby boy soon!
Hopefully this walking will help!
RT Excited about the introduction of the Journal of Digital Humanities
Is that we call a night cap?
babiez!
i love babiez!
i am excited you are having one!!!
when are they due?
RT : Hearing that when they examined Mariano Rivera's knee, they discovered that its contents are 42 years old.
Order sent to Whitney in FL!
just woke up again xD sorry I didn't reply, I was working last night
amen RT: Gods grace is the only reason u are what u are today.
Be quick to ascribe glory 2 Him  not yourself.
It would be friggin AMAZiNG if did a show in Port St Lucie Florida!!!!!!
xD Iloveyou!!!
333
you should get a bunch of shirts that say SwaggLife So You Wont Have To Say Them As Much As You Do And People Will Just no.
Buenos DDias, Chicago!
It's Cinco de Mayo  we've got new SW Veggie  SW Steak Burritos to celebrate!
pokertips Know when you should fold.
Someone mention me or something because this makes me really upset.
I told Jordan that Katelyn was the luckiest person in the world and he laughed and said thank you.
Thanks!
We're all good over here.
Anxious to get well and get home.
Good point.
Glad the Grammys graced us with some actual talent tonight and it wasn't all slop.
And RIP Whitney :
Mucho love RT : don't go boo : come back soon 
happy easter evryone ..
up gttn doctorssed :
HA!
No.
That's what happens when I tweet at work and I try not to be noticed.
Aw!
I want one!
Too sweet!
Diamond you're an amazing friend!!!!
Cecilia
Happy Monday!
Calling our guests for free classes at L.
A.
Acting tomorrow.
Wanna come?
Oh my god, Brienne is perfect.
So much emotion.
So sad.
?; how about you how are things working out for you
building relationships until the end; yes sir!
River Walk Park in West Sacramento Swabbies Taco Trailer lunch and Dinner, live music with the Fortunate Few.
Music starts at 6pm
Now it looks like I won't get to the PCTBB until almost 2:30.
Oops.
unfortunately i have swallowed too many of those damn pills in my life!
Possibly just desperate.
Well you ladies obviously have some emotional issues to work out.
Can me and Peyton please just get married already?
He is pure perfection
Its better to lose a lover, than love a loser
When is Justin Bieber going to stop looking like a 12 year old girl?
How have you been?
Ready for Tebow?????
It truly is a good.morning now!
Nick clearly won the last 2 weeks of the year.
RT : RT : .
launched December 13.
Shoulda been eligible.
My school would be better if would come  do a concert .
Greenwood lakes middle school in Lakemary Florida .
3
awesome!!
Enjoy the show tonight!
they jumped all over me cause I told them not to hate on Ariana and now there making fun of me, so I changed my account 4 n
I'm sure the spin on evolution varies by community.
My kids seem to have learned about it, but...
I might doublecheck their books.
I'm so damn hungry, I'm about to go rape the dollar menu at McDonald's.
Cheating Math: If 10 women slept with Tiger Woods, ratio of cheatingwomentocheatingmen in the Woods scandal: 10to1.
uhh Moran or something i think
So proud of one of my new clients: 3 weeks ago she couldn't do a pushup.
Tonight she did up to 3 in a row w/o rest  eventually completed 24
Thanks for the pre winterclassic Olympic montage which made me tear up!
Oye
FOLLOW ME BACK: 37
Let me know when ass day is...
In Atlantic City making three presentations at an OSHA/ VPP conference: OSHA's HazCom Standard, Global Harmonization and Record Keeping
the bludot sale is coming soon!
just a few days away.
Tonight.
12:30 a.m.
Me: Craig Ferguson.
CBS.
Late Late Show.
You: Watch?
DVR?
after 10 hr day today and a 9 hour day tomorrow, alcohol is an absolute certainty.
Great food 155, 2 dozen roses 60, a valentines day card 5.50, great company with the woman I love priceless.
Happy anniversary
It was a QT night Kisses
Bonus points!
RT : aw you used 'Natitude' in a sentence!
please follow me your so beautiful and talented :
hope you are doing great!
Let other alums know we are on Twitter now!
Its about time.
No!
To meet Austin is my biggest doctoram but it will be never come true..
: ..'cause I'm from Bosnia...
I txt you all the time.
their towers must be down quite often ;
being sick is so not fashionable.
: sniff sniff...
La liga Mexicana finals are on.
Monterey vs Santos.
Who you rooting for?
This was last sunday Having brunch at the waterfront hotel in Fells Point.
Extra bacon please!
Thank you!
twitpic.com/5yumzn
srsly, can you come to Tampa Florida?
We miss FTSK so much down here:
But I do agree u need to step up and be there for the kids.
: Penelope: you humped Mikey because you love him : lmao lmfao omg yolo 
Use xeroxdoctorpa in your tweets  see if you can get onto our live Xerox Social Media wall at doctorpa hall 8b
Today Was Regular
Thank you for acknowledging the new brand, Jeremiah!
leaving for D.C.
Tomorrow!!!can wait To see Virginia and DC with my bestie!only flaw I have to wake up at 1am and be at school by 3.30am.
Yes girl!
So great Luv u tons RT : so good seeing you today mama...Crazy word..
Glad to have gotten fed with you :
That one person who lets me call them and sing Kesha songs to them at one in the morning ..
Getting your business listed on free sites is so important for visibility listed on 7/28, but we're not up yet !!!
RE: A.Ailey class: You're so lucky to live near the studio!
I'd love to take a class there...
..Im seeing some tweets that suggest you need some special prayer in your life right now.
UCanCountOnMe.
Xo
thank you, I intend to!!!!
Xo J
Emily, would you be interested in an interview with the directors of the new Octomom movie, ?
Watching the Pirates of Penzance w/ my 10yo.
The Major General song comes on.
She looks up at me adoringly  tells me go ahead, sing along.
Thanks!
Looks good...I think.
My taste for Mexican food isn't very refined, but I'm looking forward to trying this place.
: Just had a productive lunch time meeting w/ bigthangspoppin..Girls on a Mission!!!
Off To My Doctors Appointment.
not now but in a little while.
I have to go to a baseball game
Good Morning!
Once again, I am up way too early on this Saturday.
What does today have in store for you?
tony!
thanks dude!
thanks for watching!
shout out to
I checked and replied.
He looks just like you.
Enjoy!
Sounds awesome
What Peyton does with Broncos squad will show how valuable Tebow was to team.
Lots of pressure...anything less than SB champs total failure.
NEWYORK MIAMI CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL BASKETBALL FOLLOW THIS GUY RIGHT HERE 
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Diego!
Nielsen: Majority of younger Americans have a smartphone Talk about a generational divide.
While only 43 percent of all Americans with wi
who wants to tweet me???im all yours!
havn't heard from you in foreva :
thank ya sweets!
;
:O omg hurry up and bring it for me!!!!!!
I see way too many articles online about designing a portfolio and none on coming up with projects to put in your portfolio.
Ideas?
I cede the remainder of my time to the member from Newton.
Inspired to be in a room with so many Oregon edoctorform leaders at The Childoctorn's Institute lunch!
I have not taken any LDS trainings yet.
It's good to absorb as much info as you can.
lol yeah...
MUFFINS!!!!
Wish I was at relayforlife at EK tonight.
I'm there in my heart guys.
Yeah I totally agree.
Narron would be a big doctorw for him.
But money would be real high.
Would assure Greinke leaves.
Love is problematic when you feel like a fanatic of a person that you barely know.
3
we have had a lot of requests for a mobile app.
working on it currently.
are you looking for dashboard?
Very cool, glad you like!
I'm an American and I support a public option for health care.
wishes to celtics guard marquis daniels for a fast recovery
Ok, I just put up the special deal for MOMS Facebook fans.
Who remembers what it was from the last sale?
And where do you find it?
The news deppreses me T.T all I hear is death and rape and death ShutTheFuckUp!
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?
immensity of mystery
Up gettin ready for graduation.im so sleepy .
Thank you as well!
We look forward to tweeting with you.
RT : Reports are that a basket/box was attached to balloon...
but obviously it wasn't there when the balloon landed.
i smell playoff Bubba kuchar lee phil
hmm, was this for teaching or a conference?
Epic Thursdays with ChiIL Productions
it shouldn't be this difficult.
but it is everytime.
Thank you for allowing us to film at ur bookstore for our upcoming episode featuring Kicked Out.
Share with us what Lighthouse Network Means to you.
How it has been a blessing to you, and where your located?
Don't break my heart....
Please don't, Its been through enough
agreed.
Sam and I are having one tonight but it won't be the same without you guys!
:
love how you can just check your TL to see whts happening about the football.
I'm just a Lil cannibal with a taste for sluty boys
Great book!
Daichi means big one and daini means big two, for those keeping track.
Spent some of the day with decendents of The Sound of Music family.
Wonderful people and very talented.
Follow them!
Steady snow ends in valley between 23am.
After that we're back to scattered snow showers.
Have a great night!
And then Omar came back in Ep.
3
Sweat pants, hair tied; chillin' with no makeup on.
that's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong.
doctorKE.
3 3
Happy Birthday to me!!!
YES.
RT : They should make a show called Where Are They Now: Maury Paternity Test Babies
oh yeah.
I want to volunteer to wash dishes or something.
I still don't have a problem with you.
Just don't speak to me/about me.
gunna take a nap tired
Just a heads up...
I'm looking for a parttime editing position, if anyone knows of anything.
Thanks.
:
.
Jealousy is also like self inflicted blindness were you only see the other person's blessings and not able to see yours
Haha, this Out of Kentucky Kitchens cookbook from 1949 has a Note about Gourmet Powder at the beginning.
Gourmet Powder  MSG.
I think I have a disease it's called slowlyturningintobillmurrayitis butnotreally imnotthatcool lockedoutwithmylaundoctorfml
Like really, REALLY good.
I'm getting so old.
I can't remember half the shit I said I was going to remember, and my postit notes are cryptic.
the only place to go IS ALL THE WAY
I love that you're reading Mark Cuban's blog.
And he's so right.
Haha lmfao you are so dirty
My work softball league is now following me.
I guess I really AM as big a deal as I think I am.
Oh what to do.
What to do.
Back to work in the morning.
Caro!
I didn't know you were graduating today.
CONGRATS!
hm...
can't help there.
sorry.
gobble.
gobble.
Who do you have winning the OKC/Laker series?
Stake your claim now.
Respond with
shoulda heard him when he announced the whole Miami Atlanta game a while back it was hilarious.
I hope my oldest son take me to see Mike Epps on Mother 's Day.
It will be a good mother day gift.
Haha its the song from my special shirt xD
wow that is quite a list!
DC needs this!
The reverse VC pitch sounds interesting.
Listening to bonds .
ISFF2010  Hope the future brings visible videos!
reasonswedontalkanymore you became a fake ass dbag
I cut up habanero chilies earlier, now it feels like my fingers are on fire.
I didn't know they were serious when they said to use gloves...
May the fourth be with you!
a Catholic response, ....And with your spirit!
I bet you could have learned a thing or two from ; Believe it or not, CB is actually a huge fan of hip hop.
There's just so much you can do or take until you reach the point that your done
So welcome.
I love good writing.
I suck at it.
Should have paid more attention in class.
Beautiful day in San Diego!
Summer is on its way!
:
I'm about to fucking flip, I'm so pissed.
Yayayayay finally saved
it's about time
Workshopped with the very impressive Michael Testa.
Challenging cold reads and rich feedback.
Thanks, Michael!
Hahaha i know!
I think i waited it out for almost two years :/
Someone's tragedy today can very well be your reality tomorrow
nice, now we know why he pulled over and had an amazingly fast lap...
These are the plans He made.
Why do I keep doubting the minor details?
I just gotta trust and have some faith...
goodmorning Shaun : hope you have an amazing day!
Text me today :
ICantStandPeolpe who are extremely nosy ...
haha : You know where it is?
Check out the faggot in the skin tight shirt.
Keep us posted!
:
Madison County or Mother's Day tonight?
Umm that's up to you whatever is easier either one works for me:
Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't.
Johnny Depp
Real test for 400 comes next Sat vs.
on ESPN at LSP.
Game of the weekend with all respect to Rocky Mountain Cup.
oh, youch!
Good luck at the podiatrist's!
Gotta keep pushing, gotta find the things worth living for
No!
I love Philly P, but no.
And Randy says that every week about something, lol.
i think I found a new car today....
2009 Ford Focus.
I think most people tweet off their phones...
Yes it is.
will be giving away FreeFuel5000 decals signed by NASCAR doctorvers   today!
Wednesday alerady?
We'll take it!
Happy humpday everybody!
Team Bartab getting it done!
I entered so wish me luck!
I could use some good luck lately.
;
RT : Today is thirdwednesday!
Eat delicious food and/or today and support at the same time!
did u meet her on 106  park?
Is this real life?
cool article, ill be looking forward to the ones that follow.
I'm certain that living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
printing to polka!!!
come on now lol, can't nobody bother me bout that no way haha
what do I need to nurture my process and turn my doctorams into reality.
4 your 214 tweets
All jobs our age involve people, sadly :L Just be a gentleman lorl
Played with some great EQs about power when students read Roll of Thunder sschat
I get that it's only the NIT, but you have to be excited for next year after this run.
What's in eight ball?
: I'm wide awake like I just sniffed a eight ball.
I hear you're riding around and getting it right now.
Congrats!
LibGuides interface doctorves me mad!
But I have used them for spec coll purposes.
Happy to share.
hey monica!
congratulations!
They're ads.
You can block individual advertisers if you don't like them.
i love him way too much.
is it to much to ask if i could mend your broken heart.
I feel your pain.
Thank you!
Webinar Social Advertising.
Excellent focus on Sponsored Stories on Facebook.
lmao same thing happened to me on Milwaukee St and I had a thong on haha
oh no.
hope you feel better soon and can get some rest.
Live by the tweets Die by the tweets
LAST NIGHT WAS SO MUCH FUN!
I miss you, let's hang out soon!
3
Ugh!
I agree!
Almost as bad as the tea tree and chocolate I encountered yesterday!
Coffee and eucalyptus.
RT : how long did it take the bring Trayvon's killer into custody?
If socmedia wasn't on it, it probably never would've happened.
this class is called Information Literacy; it's supposed to be for general knowledge of tech/web; the gifs part was a bit much
Definitely!
Email?RT : we've recently heard about your parlor series!
we would love to do a little article about it!
have time?
NSU, keep the ball.
10 seconds left.
Nice shot by Missouri
Thanks for the INAIDSWalk donation suggestion to your followers!
oh there's no show.
He's just gonna be in Baltimore.
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 6pm8:30pm at UCLAs Ackerman Grand Ballroom
I guess I'm glad I got all that out first.
Putting this out there: I love licking clit as much as sucking pole.
But getting fucked it better than fingered, any day of the week.
Anyone dining out in Madison this weekend?
Share with us by using savorsouthmad!
We'd love to hear about your experiences!
Since im like 5'10 these dudes tell me im not gone grow alot anymore , when i get 6 inches taller imma put my nuts in their face .
Very classy.
got it!
Thanks pops!
Daytona traffic today is soo snobby.
These old folk just arent amused by my lavish hand gestures and smirky toothy grins.
I'm calling this game what it is: Thunder shot the lights out.
SHUT UP!
I always forget it's Ron Gant I got pissed  for crashing his motorcycle, not Otis.
Hanging out with my dad today.
Haven't done that in a long time.
So close to finishing Paramedic school, i can taste it...
: Nervous as much as i am excited...
God Bless and enjoy the holiday doctor!!
about to come over to wax that ass in NHL
Please Support my friend and fan : he's a positive motivated cool guy!
Hit him up ladies!
pointy boots
That's what we strive for.
: Keep in touch!
RT : Feeling nostalgia.
So many amazing memories during my 5years here.
this breaks my heart.
BitchISmellFabulous all I need is deodorant
its only monday and i'm already hoping youve given up on this week.
whenever youre feelin down, stay down cuz youre a bitch.
GREAT!
Taking the baby back to Exeter.
C U this week or homecoming?
I love reading your articles.
I talk about U often.
Um....linkage!
I think I'll go to bed now
This weekend, Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC Anarchist Bookfair!
Stop by, say hi, and pick up a book by Chomsky or Zinn!
your far : I'm in 112
I would come...if you invited me since my parents ditched me!
Prepping Gaslamp condo for another monthly rental today...sure will miss my urban vacation rental!
Thanks, Paul!!
i  Notehall.com
Thanks for kind wishes.
Mainly I am learning about what awaits us if we're lucky: old age, hearing aids, Polident, push walkers
yeah I saw that.
How was the premiere?
How'd ya get tix??
ehhh only thing out here worth a delivery is usually pizza.
Usually tip around 5.
since when did she have a twitter?!
Youcan peep it on iTunes, Napster, or Amazon..
the CD is called The Progression
digital photo manipulations, artwork, retouching, designs, photoshoots, and more we are the go to guys!
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Our Participation in Tex Trends 2012video 2  sarongs for women
The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships.
I love you :
Caught the Girl with the doctorgon Tatoo last night.
The credits alone deserve an academy award.
Spellbinding thriller.
Bravo David Fincher.
your new tattoo is cute.
:3
doees anyone make stickers?
get at us if you know anyone that does!
So excited for you, Michael!
Used to not be allowed In the building, but now we on the rooftops.
just geting up bout to head to greenville
Justin Biebers birthday tomorrow!!!!!!
:
Thanks so much!
Happy to be here.
I wish!
I am more just doctoraming while looking at the snow!
Laughing by yourself...
The bestx
Thomas Vrabec, on Craig St.
He's fabulous, but close to retirement  don't know if he's taking new patients.
DMing you his
Congratulations to the most improved golfers of 2011...
Ladies: Debbie Banas, Ladies: Jan Marrs and Men: Blake Young!
Way to go!
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
QM
PROSECUTION: Def bound victim's wife, laid in wait for victim, fired four shots at him.
Three shots missed, fourth his the victim in abdomen
do you think today is dusty last dayas the manager if the reds lose today or just the hitting coach?
was watching Jeopardy tonight and there were three gingers on the Teen Tournament.
All bright and they were surprisingly pleasant.
I'll be here in pieces, When you finally pull the pin, And blow me away again Tie me down and fuck me up tonight.
Got everything done...
Except homework lawlzlawlzlawlzlawlz
Your welcome!
I think you fail to realize that NO ONE CARES.
Yum!
Can't wait to have one soon!
cc
can u help me become an actor im real good
love it!
A4: Yes, you can  here are some ideas: Identify advocates who can speak on your behalf.
I want phillies fans to follow!
RT : u need science class.
Santorumdead on.
have 2 save my energy to fight this blasted cancer
I wonder if you can tell how bad im hurting.:/
Pack what u think u need and take out 1/2!
RT Just had a webinar with peeps.
They haven't packed yet either.
Good morning world.
Two days of reality before back to more chaos: moving!
Looking forward to July to catch up on some things and rest!
;
Dean of Humanities at UC Santa Cruz asks: when and how did we decide that job training is all there is?
Finished fiction inventory.
So many lost books...sigh:

Yesterday Maria Pallante admitted U.S Copyright Office can't say how one is supposed to register e.g.
a blog.
MT : NETWORKING TIP: Instead of being afraid to start conversation, how you are going to help other ppl feel more comfortable.
So is nurturing collaborative culture;a potential negative consequence to autonomy is isolation.We just have to balance
I think it's about time to bust out some longsleeve polo shirts.
The only thing that ever sat it way to success is a hen.
Sarah Brown
AskAlexConstancio coolest thing you can do?
RT Your Art Disgusts Me.
More on Chicano art collective ASCO, just professorled on bit.ly/nJy68K
Web UI?
Frontend?
Visionary?
Well, half way done with today.
I said it last week, the Pacers frontline will dominate the Heat frontline.
He has no idea what's going on in Libya.
It's over.
RT!!!!
WE OUTCHEA!!!!
JUS' LIKE THE INDIANS  WE ARE BORN IN AMERICA!!!!
LOL
It usually means worse music, more khakis and polos, more goatees...But no real doctrinal difference.
Is Facebook's growth healthy?
1M members per day, if true, we could see 1/10th of the world using Facebook by middle way through 2010..!
love you too: cantwait!
Good morning!
Thanks for all the love, everyone.
Sorry, gonna be late w/ replies.
Off to the TennesseeRennesanceFestival w/J  school buds.
The Ex Race: a race after you break up to be the first one to find someone new and be happy  first one to find someone wins.
had a blast getting things done for America at 's big sunday weekend with !
pictures coming soon.
We know it's hot out so we'll make you a deal.
With the purchase of any sandwich, we'll give you a FREE doctorNK to cool you off!
Valid til 7pm
any ideas/units out there on dystopian/utopian societies that you'd like to share?
he was on the record opposed to Amendment 1 in NC.
As was Bill Clinton.
Romney was in favor of Amendment 1.
!!!!!
RT Being born between 11 and 19 of April means you have gentler and added charitable motivations behind your actions.
If u sing u need a coach so visit www.thepremiervocalcoaches.com
.
hit tweet limit guys!
This is the operators!
DAMN I WANT SOME PIZZA
.
I also note that Adam Rapp titles do not lend themselves to classroomappropriate dioramas.
and hailing from Las Vegas, Nevada...BARRY O!!!
Seems like interest in Steve Ott is holding up progress on players like Paul Gaustad.
Playing at the new hotel TOMORROW night, 7pm in WinchesterVA!
This day would not be complete without wishing a very Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite musicians, Stevie Wonder!
Love you, Stevie!
Let us not be bound to this broken world.
My word document doesn't think Bieber is a word...
WVU Alumni/Big XII Happy Hour today!
6:30pm, Jack Rose Dining Saloon in DC
Im so manish ooh I want him so bad
God, my husband has the most kissable lips.
A team full of positive energy can accomplish anything.
Waking up in the morning is terrible !
snort I don't know.
Actually I think today was one of the worst days of my existence :
York University is the fictional Ivy League school around which the plot of The Housesitter revolves!
Penn state ex coach should be kill
What time ?
You okay girl?
DEFENSE Double Check!!
where are you from?
Windsor Is Your Dogs Name
If you chose to Like the FB page, then you will get a notification on your feed everytime there is a new blog post.
:
I mean in the THATCamp WP install, I have 3 identies in there, 1 me, 1 me institution, 1 me TCMNY, it's crazy in there
Kids With Type 2 Diabetes: Combo Treatment Best?
An old friend of mine is working on a new project, coming soon at dontdiewondering.com Bring your friends for a chance at free iPod!
when businesses government and nonprofessorts come together for change the result is success  Wallace White, African American Chamber
be genorous  FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Hi Diana, it is!
Thanks for following.
yea dbags  dickheads start from a young age sadly ruins it for people with brains  manners
much be low on cash.
They've already messaged me twice asking me to pay my bill that isn't due until next week
aw I approve.
go get him!
I request to play with him tho!
why is the library 1000 degrees right now?
Unacceptable Behaviors: frequent discussion of sexual acts and exploits
CHARANGA DEL VALLE  Salsa Under the Stars!!!!
While everyone takes the psat I'm sitting here with like 4 other people in my class...
fun
Really miss BellingrathGardens at Christmas time.
Their lighting display is excellent.
: What if Niall got you pregnant?
Your baby would be half unicorn.
that baby would be a fucking god.
are you guys on Google?
Tara, who was just on Sugarland's tour, is the best!
Perfect personality for the job!
WhyILoveYou because your words never come out right but I know what you're trying to say
W.beyondthescoreboard.net the was the reason why orton didn't remain the starting qb.
That's who he'll take his revenge on
Nobodys perfect nobody's perfect aye aye but your perfect for me
Well hopefully its one of those 5 question quizzes that we already have the answers for lol.
omg EW, enough!!!
I'm great, just really hot haha.
Wanted to say bc you seemed cool :
you acted as if you didn't even do anything.
thats the only reason I was pissed enough to tell.
Thanks for sharing this quote.
A good one for anyone thinking about starting an exercise program.
uh I have hair n makeup from like 111 so before or after that
and the  will be so depressed he'll  himself and we won't have stupid geometry anymore and we'll be like 
why is Demi so pretty?
Also!
Tweet at us!!
Not to yell at you...but we love to hear from our followers...if not just to respond snarkily.
It really makes our day.
Palmetto Bay Council Member Howard Tendoctorch pushes 4 more documents 2 B Available 2 the public.
Opinion?
Mayor Stancyzk is resisting.
Thank you Hollywood for the follow.
uh oh, I guess I missed it :
Trey songs is sexy ass hell in this video im watch.
I need this song now..
Umm, Do you think you can follow me?!!
oh my.
were you dancing when that happened?
are you okay???
Why are we yelling?
:
didja know you've got the most beautiful eyes?
:
where's the golf blog now?
I miss it
i feel bad for my nigga would have like to see him and CP3 together..but do yo thing homie
Hail to the Redskins!
why is it so hard to program 2 universal remotes to the same garage door?
arrgh.
The things you do when you're younger really does affect ur life as an adult.
Don't be wreckless and ruin your body because u will regret it
No Jokee But mister Warren My Fav Teacher :
no you go ion have school all week !
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it.
If u don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place.
I love your twitter bio!
Haha 
The  most often cited reasons for getting a massage are relaxation, relief of soreness, stiffness, stress reduction.
That's high school makin me chase u round for months.
Have an affair, act like an adult for once.
At a session on the ecar report at
Do people really travel from other states to try a top quality steak?
Shauna makes a trip to taste at 5A5 Steak Lounge Sun  5:30
buy her a spa treatment!
I heard the gun shoots from the studio, My prayers go to the families...
Wish the violence would end....
Going to the movies!!
:D I 3 Fridays!
Funnel cake is actually carnie placenta
Naw I like mine, imma keep it forever lol
Also A Colorado Mahomie Here :
Guests on ' panel are discussing ways to appeal to youth vote.
Is there a difference between Romney  Obama for GenY?
Explains Terry Collins' comments..
oh wait.
RT : Mets alderson...Says wright was coming out anyway
Goodmorning Tweepers!
Make the most of your day!
Enjoy each moment...and revel in the small things that make everyday great!
Just got really excited for Summer and all the concerts and events we have planned!
Love watching the Biggest Loser.
So inspiring!
Go Brett!
Its early as hell and I feeling good as heaven.
Bend but don't brake...
And life is worth the living just because He lives
SO excited for the greatness of these girls!
Follow them and you won't regret it!
if you are on doctorpal 6, go to 7 which allows module updates via web interface if you don't have command line access for doctorsh.
yeah that's fine :
I know real estate investors looking for apartment buildings or duplexes
woah 17 is crazy!
okay unrelated Alex wants to talk to you.
please call him at work
RT : raised 10,000 yesterday at their SurvivaltoThrival event!
It was a packed housecongrats!
Yea I'm balling Imma self made nigga why u think ur gf let me fuck on her for days nigga
Oh well I tried
Love love love my tattoo shop..
Inked up.
Yahh
Anjelica Huston, what happened there?
Uninteresting gay men?
Karen's lameass bf?
You're right!
Sharing the road benefits everyone.
Thanks for your comments!
For the no fees airline, Southwest sure has found a lot of ways to charge for things that are normally free.
My little sister is so fat, she has been eating legit all day
I have to ask  what kinds of primary sources are you buying?
the smilin submarine sits in a pile a shit pointed straight at u wit lil wayne tied up on the deck screamin out ant poop!!!
Have a wonderful meal in DC!
Good luck with quenching the seafood craving we hear crab legs are great for that.
:
O.J.
Simpson vs.
George Zimmerman...when justice means just us!
A country born by the race sword will die by the race sword!!!
Thanks to for coming out and speaking this morning and big thanks to our sponsor
It's 730am and i can't doctornk a redbull to stay awake about to stick a fork into an outlet.
If verbally attacking someone simply because they do not have the same point of view as you makes you feel good...
YOU are a
Hey sis!
I'm in Tucson.
How goes it?
i did, i liked them, hehe 3
Maybe I'll see you!
RT : I'm very excited to get a tour of my doctoram marketing agency tomorrow!!
SALE ON MY WEBSITE!!!
www.smirkclothing.com some styles as low as 15!!!
hurry before they are gone for good!
Michael Jr was SO funny.
Thanks Gateway Church in Southlake.
Can't wait till he comes back Sept.
9th.
On my way to Chitown yet again to take on another St Patti's with my Chicago homies.
Let the celebration begin!
Is this the way a toy feels when its batteries run doctor?
I try
Always luv Friday  the 13th is just a scary bonus for this scary good week.
Yeay, a cabernet mix is perfect for a parched throat.
:
Cory The Bike Fixer is going ORANGE!
Stop by the shop to see what we mean!
The PD were going North of Stark.
and the doctors think my 9 yr cousin has it :
failed math....atleast i passed everything else
I would like to try the text expander app, please!
I love auditorium and will be using it at a conference this week.
Today as I got up and looked out the window.
My neighbors kids were going through my mailbox.
Swbankapaplwndjdjdjfjriwowp......cannot breathe!!!!!
Congrats Miami on winning the east....putting life savings on it
My Monday is less than spectacular because I have no idea who Jennifer Love Hewitt jerked off this week.
C'mon
Almost done with Coughtry's homework, then onto my personal project.
legoo!
Is done with so many people right now.
Ryan envisions Grindhouse as a concerto for the orchestra  every section is featured.
So excited about and sitting by the pool!
Great way to start memorial weekend
: I'm still undecided!?
I need a costume sponsor!
RT if you love to color
Some asshole wrote UN Fck The World on my Fiat's rear window while I was away.
A lovely welcome back : At least my car needs a wash anyway
With the tying run at the plate and a runner on 2nd with two outs, a bunt isn't out of the question.
My red bull addiction is slowly surpassing my cigarette addiction
David, I'm going to mail some CD's today.
Who should I addoctorss them to?
And how many should I send?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
you ate pizza?
unfriends
oh.
my.
god.
i think i would do damage to myself.
i need sleep.
i don't know how moms do it.
one of the mysteries of the universe!
my brother is so in love with you singing
Saw on a machine gun kelly music video, gettin buck on stage and then crowd surfing haha
We do carry gluten free crusts as a healthy alternative!
wow guys.
thanks for the invite
Today you must cut to the chase and ask for what you want in clear, concise, complimentary terms focused on the value to reader
Off to nyc, gym sesh wit then school
If it takes me forever ill make it happen
Hi sexy babydoll!
How r u doing?
Why does Echo Lake smell like Brooklyn?
When you're in Portland Or.
meet Michael of Michael's Italian Beef  Sausage Co.and golf a Robert Trent Jones course with me
keep the pics coming!
Actually he is one of our original guitarists.
So he is not really new...
Nice swing!
Didn't realize you were a south paw.
him and that things are gonna get more and more busy as he becomes bigger and goes further in his career.
he's not always going to be
A fresh start always sounds appealing.
As mentioned in the article  just hope they're not abandoning their reputation
at one in the afternoon?
nice!
A Few Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE...
We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated...!
Indiana giving Miami the business
may I suggest an smartphone app to send a prayer?
www.birdofprayer.org
I just signed up, thanks for the help!
Follow me please?
I'm Cuban too :
so much that you couldn't leave.
If you leave me, i'll find you and  you and then I would 
u r a really great girl u r one of a kind  i luv ya
Talking about vaginal fluids in class
Tweet Me...
IM DYING!!!
mannequins ain't got shit on some of y'all.
Good morning....
Getting bombarded with shit during the last three weeks of school
Blade Runner...
match that
You picked one heck of a day for your first visit.
RT First visit to
Go Nuggets BeatLA please please please.
Absolutely Kitten.
We can do the testing in either miami or LA.
Give us a call !
of course u saw them 7 yrs ago.
I'm so late to the game
Favorite line from current copy piece, We even take gratuitous liberties when describing what we do.
Can't wait to push this live.
That suff is so good!
My son is 2 and I still use the body lotion and the body wash for him!
I support you very much!!!
You tweet under what ever name you want!!
I love reading your tweets.
Today is going to be a great day!
Full of love, caring hearts and passion.
Be strong in your faith and love openly with a caring heart.
did you see today's google doodle?
RT : Gonna be at Vamp tonight to support and ItsOn swag
Just pushed play on the CD player in my daughters' room to wake them up.
They are now starting their day to the Star Wars theme.
Business plan for 2012?
Everything is free for a month!
We take all the risk and show you results.
8037538833 or email
It was a pleasure meeting Bryan today from another great LoDo business, Margs Taco Bistro!
Check them out for a great lunch or evening out!
off to learn about prize philanthropy...
does it have the many wondoctorus applications that proponents claim?
now that dance is over, i dont know what to do with my life.
Exactly!
I know something you do not know...
I can't.
That V word makes me gag
happy birthday Avery...hope it is everything u wanted it to be!
hopefully not rain
during doctorVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park.
like a boss.
Just had stinky soft cheese and half a baguette for dinner.
And a half bottle of Red.
Getting Ready for Europe this summer!
21 NIC Sentinel staffers are headed to New York for the CMA convention.
Skippin that class was a great idea :
For more on cost effective online research, see Svengalis.
I understand where you're coming from, that's exactly what they are, and we're going into triple overtime now!!!
Terrance Jones is my least favorite player of all time.
Without a doubt
I actually tried to find out what kind of tomato seeds they were too to no avail.
Not sure what NYers are gonna do with them...
Nah you latina rep that RT : My school is mostly black, most of my friends are black, my boyfriend is black...
I am black!
we don't sweat.
we glisten.
Close Encounters of the GreatBoobs  by Steven Spielboobs
Congrats on doing the BlogHer12 panel, babe!
You know I'll be there!
It's a utility web who's who with , , and others whose Twitter handles I don't know.
what happened to you bro?
I hope you like my website!
Enjoy khatee!
3
Thank you, Mo.
I'll make sure to pass the card down to you once you're done with the diss.
Was it Doc Holiday?
That guy is awesome.
Not the Wyatt Urp one, but the one in Berry Hill.
Outie 4 2 Day G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
first class is also tech.
a slower service.
anything under 13oz.
can go 1st class, so in some weird cases, yes it is cheaper
I would never have guessed that from his music.
hello?
Are you alive?
i actually had fun in dance today
ag action will create template to deal with foreclosures.
Chris Mayer
Now I want a frappe .
same 2 you bra
That may be true, but a tough sell when many people can't guarantee  in their accounts when it comes due.
I never do autopay.
I'll be djing at club Sirius tonight downtown SA!
No cover 21 welcome.
Amazing doctornk and shot specials!
Don't miss out!
Marlins stadium looks raw af
will you be at kenilworth later?

The contact is  They are distributing through Beechwood I believe and will be based out of Brookfield?
Apologies for the WiFi issue.
Were you able to connect at all?
We strive to be better and want to make every customer happy!
Excited for hookah tonight in honor of my baby daddy wwooooooop
wow that's not rude or anything....
At the same time, we knew about people's infatuation before we signed up.
Felt the same way about the service.
.2004 laptop finally gave up the ghost but before I was able to put content in dome cloud.
MicroCenter to the rescue.
New casing.
for doctorve.
dates aren't firm yet but actually shooting for that week in may.
Will let you know.
Madonna also discussed having sex w/ Dennis Rodman.
You're welcome, everyone's mind's eye!
It's a sea of green StPatrick'sday
Yes, I know what you are saying!
Bahaha
If you r living Israel lifestyle: gan, army, chuppah, mishpacha  so on, tell us how u think it compares 2other countries.
Hugs to you!
Yesterday, 2 girls asked me a ?
about where 2 find a book in the library.
It wasn't the library I work at.
Just my local publib.....
just ordered sniper elite v2...
can't wait
I wonder why doesn't have a stop at the Philadelphia Zoo.
I can see the entrance from here.
could have been worse...ie a guy in front of u without underwear!
oh please, like that's to make me wear those god awful orange and blue colors.
I DO.
Austin, i pray for you see this tweet.
Is my doctoram!
Please reply me or give me a signal.
PLEASE 3.
Work smart not harder
Paul George Harrison.
lmao just joined this thing Don't know what the hell I'm doing
I can't fucking wait to have my own place.
Orange Crush, Have a Crush on me.
;
sounds like a lyric!
Hi new friends!
Thanks for the follows!
I don't send out canned DM's or mentions...so, thanks for the follow!
Last minute road trip to Boston for the 116th Boston Marathon?
We still have a few rooms available  just 0.2 miles from the finish line...
Hi hi hi 3
This dude spits when he talks,I have to take two steps back to not get hit.
Lol unbelievable
Its2012WhyYouStill why use u own eyebrows cut em off and doctorw them on  some of yall females mentality 
Yeah, I even picked 2 day shipping because I was nervous so it REALLY should have shipped by now...
Good lookin out, thank u
Speaker says face the fact, our Hispanic pop has grown.
She says new services are needed.
: Somebody should call and talk me 2 sleep...
LIKE NOW :/
Thank you beloved...
me too :
MontaEllis is an assassin

we are all products of our expectations, not just our environments.
ounceluncheon ele education equity 99
Retweet If you want Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez to follow you !!
3
yea they were easy i got this ill come up with a better one
you got an iPhone, I'm sure you can figure it out.
I'll Be Back In The M Tommorow Hit Me Up Im Making Moves  BAM!!!
In Music Meeting Arctic Monkeys My Propeller Not the most interesting thing they ever submitted, itll take another listen or 2
This makes 4 times that either myself or my partner have told a fellow Texan that we're vegetarian,  they ask: Well do you eat chicken?
Let's get it Orioles
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
have a great day Nick 
Hearing lots of Denver Jazz gossip around tonight.
Not bad gossip, just a lot fans w/ a lot of ideas.
I hate a girl paying for me but when your in a 50 50 relationship thats how it goes one person shouldnt haft to pay for everything....
OUR BIRTHDAYS ARE SOON!!: 3
follow me back please33
Storm coming
though in principle, I do agreefor certain types of digital objects, not all.
very excited!!!!!
Hey it's BK, Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris celebrates 55th BDay today.
What is your favorite Iron Maiden album?
RT : Tonights Culturally Inspired Pig Roast visit the PacificAsian Islands of the Philippines
Hm...Seesmic lets you see the link trail in a new windowlet.
I really like it for the most part.
You, too!
Annie's in the crowd
please follow me 3 u are sweet :
who climbs over stalls like 1st graders?
obviously us.
may actually be experiencing the worlds first flipflop related injury.
You seem suspicious...
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
L yeah bro!
Come Fri.
night or early Sat.
Expecting 1/2 million peeps.
Hit ya up later to talk more!
Put your hands in the sky right now now now now now :
have a great night 
He ain't the one.
1 wk w the new iPhone I've deleted any apps whose icons didn't look great on the retina display
I'll Have Another!
Couldnt be a more perfect winner on cinco de mayo!
Working with our customers over the phone or via email, they strive to make each customer a case study
Question is there a software out there that aggregates data/influence for a group of twitter handles?
Hell.
Halloween.
Shit if I know.
Usually too cold and wet for me to care.
why did I just think it said  holy grammar ken
We got some technical and implemtentation consultant positions at Best place to grow a long term career!
I can't wait!!!!
So excited.
I haven't gotten my book yet!
I'm beyond impatient lol.
no way.
: Let's be honest here, fake dive bars  real dive bars .
BizCocoon loves coworking spaces in NYC, have you heard about the ?
Really wonderful camaraderie among these athletes.
I'm excited for this team.
its nice that people are enjoying they life and are happy
glad I can help a fellow grinder even if you are in a different ABI league
Had fun skyping with FLAcon2012 just now, spreading the librarianscode and fairuse gospel.
Thanks for inviting me!
Sorry to miss the at this afternoon.
Miss his infectious energy.
Everyone please go follow he will FollowBack 9
DID IT
He getting up on all the ghetto music...
lol
CBGB Festival?
I'm so in there.
thx for your tweet.
:
Was referred to your YouTube page by Who The Bleep Is Dennis Bover.
Great stuff.
I'll be tuning in from now on.
I really think my toe is going to fall off.
Yes, the entire toe.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
like the cafeteria..
or somewhere away from these fags.
TrickOrTreaterCount 6  a complement on my landscaping.
innerbeauty all day baby!!!
No one is ugly if u have a beautiful personality :
It's just my luck :/
Felizidadeshappy mothers day Abuela.
Te estrao.
My eyes still get watery for you.
Love you.
R.I.P
Hat Day tomoorw!
Donate 1 to our PFO to wear a hat for the day!
What's up with Kelly O's hair?!
It looks gray!
Hello Ms Lady!
I'd like to make a cake for you.
Can you please make some time for me?
LOL
Love the I wanna fly tune in the commericals.
Taking my first flying lesson...
I got replies about the cable.
Just wanted to make sure it wasn't only me.
My internet is Frontier, so no problems there.
notin at all homey.
It's still freakin cold here!
I see y'all still runnin tings allova Europe
both are good, but I'd go with the beef.
:
Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil and injustice.
Thomas Mann 18751955
Ikea Emeryville adventure with my sister on Sundaygreat having family live nearby now!
Weekend fun!
No one understands
Instant gratification is not always good when it cost Americans jobs.
Red box videos is a prime example.
the entire Spanishspeaking community is now going to hate you for butchering our language.
What's the book on?
Watch out for all those Mister Disasters tonight!
Dang creepers stop blowing up our phones..
;
Immature is a word used by boring people to describe fun people
a week and a half ago..
my baby got hit by a doctornk doctorver and i get it back tomorrow!!!!!!
HAPPYTWEET!
Yes ma'am and thank you I forgot to give u a happy bday how was it?
: I love your avi !!!
Did u get a new do?!
Using hootsuite for fb makes me nervous, on newsfeed can click 'block all from hootsuite' and remove many companies at once
I've been trying to get a second job too, are they hiring ?
I now have TX tags.
cries
Generating leads online for dummies  Beginner internet marketing great free video training bit.ly/bvxhig
Whoa...had fun last night:
Happy Friday!
He looks so much better.
A woman would've bought a ton of smaller sizes.
kira has no life n shes a twitter whore
Shake your groove thing and get the workout of the century  Disco Sculpt 8:00am tomorrow
we have you covered.
Check in at the check in table.
Ticket will be under Allison Young.
See you there!
Congrats to the Hamilton College Continentals on winning the nescac mens hockey season.
Good luck in the playoffs
Nowak: We, together, decided to conclude this trade
Parnell,s a monster though
that's funny
GOOD LUCK!
and have a blast....best wishes!
; wink wink
I am tempted to cut my hair real short again.
glad I don't do that...
I'd b all outta luck
Wow love thia tweet!
We are happy to follow you.
RT : So excited to have following me.
Know that the combination...
Lmao everybody joking n laughing doing the fave movies tt this nigga steady complaining man everybody naming the same movies man
Hit up Don's Fish  Chips for me.
a girl can be nice to a point you fuck wit her man and her money she gone flip her wig
My son just told me two lady gaga jokes.
Kid is hilarious
oohhhhhh I'm telling!!!!
All fans who purchased game tickets  Locos Bucks for Oct.
22  27 games can call 702.877.LOCO for a full refund.
I sent the deal on to Jeff.
He said 4 other people had already emailed it to him!
Boston Sports Club  Back Bay area is nice.
Cute guys, nice amenities.
So jealous of this!
Thanks for your support!
RT : Congrats on SmallBiz nomination!
Hope you all win.
Jeebus.
Here we go with Reagan.
Again.
racist!!
Can I come over later?
Do you have a bedtime that I have to make?
I'll bring cookies :
the resulting record label you start must be called POT OF GOLD!
save a doubloon for me.
What up Mari!!!
We gotta Party it up again!
Come to So Cal!!
RT xoxo...
ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Looks like Famous Daves for dinner.
We spied a curiouslooking nestbox with an inscription that read Tweet  ye shall be retweeted.
Anyone going to tonight??
Love it : The heat in Miami is intolerable!
Going to Sandi Ego!:
I love you I hate you
God Bless America!!!
remember 911
Dang It!
I Forgot My Tumblr Password!
I'm not lol!
All The Way!
have you met paramore before?
I know random, but I saw a tweet of yours...
NO!
So sad, but GHAP and you handled yourself so well.
Well done, good and faithful servant.
School is hell to me.
:
But it was not your fault but mine And it was your heart on the line I really fucked it up this time Didn't I, my dear?
'take yourself a picture when I'm standin at the mound and I swear it's goin down .
I'm just reppin for my town' 
812!
:D Almost done this scene!
One more 20 maybe should do it!
Always be calm  clever !!!
tendaysoffisjustwhatthedoctorordered missing the work people tho!
we do a kindergarten screening, helps us even out classes.
Smart ass move by Barbosa to stop that dumb ass fast break block move of Lebron's.
Last time FLAPanthers won a playoff game: Clinton was president, Marlins hadn't won a World Series, Marino was Dolphins QB...
Overdue, no?
love the creativity here.
Nice call on Mazzei as well.
Great ideas, love the sponsorship to Learning 2.0 also.
Thanks for your feedback!
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
The selfie button is the best invention ever
You got me fucked up ..
We should all look at the man or the woman in the mirror and change the way we treat each other...
Thank you, Michael.
There are now hundoctords of base organization  business listings in the Foster.ly directory.
Thanks for the retweet.
How did I miss that you had joined AIIM?
Great hrie for them, and I hope you are enjoying your new role!
Many free countries have lost their liberty; and ours may lose hers .
.
12/20/1839 from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Tonight in the Twin Cities  and the ...
Keep an eye out friends!
: Are liberals more open to evidence  reason than conservatives?
YES.
Consrvs r biased agnst change  use Faith based thinking.
thanks for the follow :
eating with
I want a real life where that happens.
nevertrustagirl with a gun and a guy that broke her heart.
It'll just turn into something weird and cruel
he's filming his show.
I miss making hockey inside jokes with you guys.
Goddamnit.
NEWT?
Oh yeah There's a fresh face who is not part of the political establishment in Washington..He just screams wholesome apple pie values
What i just told chasidy  lmao
Matthew .
.
.
whoosh.
There goes the time.
Who's the luckiest husbeast ever?
This guy.
Was gently roused from sleep by bringing pancakes and coffee...
in bed!
They are forever stamps.
Yeah, it seems super sketchy.
GM!
What a beautiful day!
Thank you Jesus !
no thank you!!
Can you recommend a mechanic in Hollywood?
My car is dead.
Towing it back from Anaheim right now
JustForToday Using Latin phrases to sound smart is my modus operandi.
lol!
Oh, they get bigger.
And you should see the camel spiders in Iraq!!
Sweet Jesus!
They get BIG!!
Our PLT.
Sgt.
Still has not given us our PCS orders yet, so I have no idea where the Army will send me next month.
Fort Bliss, TX maybe?
im in love wit u.
Wish i cud meet u so i cud tell u in person 3 ;
It don' matter if you black or white!!
MJ
You sure know the way to a gal's heart!
Just because you miss someone doesn't mean they belong in your life.
Happy New Year!
Let's make that resolution of a better relationship with your dog become reality!
Zimmerman, like you, is innocent until proven guilty.
Lynching is illegal in America.
John Brick, CO Alliance for Immigration Reform, now testifying against ASSET bill.
Keeps saying illegal aliens.
I think I'll go ahead and you this pinterest invite.
Dnt try to cum back around when u fuck up something gud wit a person that had they shit 2gether 4 a person who dnt  not even gettin a check
NOW EVERYBODY FROM THE 313 slim shady voice
ah yeah my bad
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard
Hello!:How are you?
gathering scripts for teens tv and film class for Got any good ones?!
No!
And dont listen to my brother he is an idiot
My phone is still getting fixed.
Hit me up on my Face Book.
Why would he Retweet her????
RT I'm not like most girls  Most Girls
tshirt bogdanovich.
doUremember the 1st time U took a bite out of a burger Fresh off a long diet?
Say we on a
FREE Now bitches!!
Today should be the day we finalize our New Year resolutions.
You know, so we're prepared.
What's yours??
just got back from lifting, getting buff and taking names ya'll know how i do
Nice to meet you!
You are welcome...
no fucks are given
So what if I'm watching season two trying to catch up?
It's still
OnThisDay in 1861, the Union army suffered their first casualties, as the 6th Massachusetts was attacked by a rioting mob in Baltimore
DEM BULLZ GOIN OFF ON LA
Fascinating evolution.
Local government buying some of our ad inventory.
Using as their digital media agency.
I've always been partial to changing up my appearance.
I had low self esteem about my looks so I changed it.
Think there's 2 much negativity on news?
Well, 2night a cute/heartwarming story for you about two veterans reunited
Storage Wars YUP Ashamed to admit that
3words Not looking back.
Is at the Rathskeller learning about Globus tours and Avalon river cruises.
Powerball tickets in hand.
Come on numbers!
Name a movie that describes the relationship you want?
The Lucky One
Man I need someone to text I'm.not getting enough attention
Brooklyn Girl is the place to be tonight!
.
is serving his famous bestfriedchickenever tonight.
I sleep well when the lakers, Yankees, and cowboys loose.
Twitter is not a diary
Fun.
I love emergency flights.
Wee...
no YOU da best Andoctor is retarted
So im looking at the most beautifullest man ever camnewton baby
Thank you all for supporting me and showing me Luv just by following!
:
enjoy all the big, paid for, mansions on your way!!
Beautiful liner notes for Twelve by Howard Mandel !!!!
i mispelled your username and tweeted the wrong person lol
So mister.
Obama is going to be on iCarly.
I don't remember seeing any other 1st ladys anywhere on tv before...
Tuesday NIght in DENVER Masterpiece Ballroom 3 BEdoctorCK SexIest Local ARTSIT up and coming 3
I'm the same way!!
He's afraid I'm gonna bring home another animal every week!
Lol
Chris Brown  I Needed You 3
Yes!
The Country Network is working again!
All 3 defensive backs that were taken in the first round are from the SEC
Because ADD is awesome.
Live like SPONGEBOB.
Laugh out loud all day without any reason  annoy the mean people with your happiness.
American Masters: The King of Late Night about Johnny Carson was on earlier  I missed it, good on PBS for replaying it at 1 AM PST
It's Wednesday that means another staff meeting!!!
We are working on some really amazing things for AnacostiaDC!
Come on butler!!
of course, I'll DM you my info
Well that's true.
Trance Trance Trance Trance Trance
I'd agree with that!
I'm late to the Pinterest party but now can
me too.
Were u singing Zombie in ur head while watching?
I was.
Haha :D
Every netbook I've used has multiple USB ports.
Doubtful any version of Photoshop would run on any of them.
Listening to the old school jb!!!
JonasBrothers!!
It is AWESOME!
Congrats !!!!!
roller rink later with my daughter, Abagail.
and with her daddy :
Be yourself!!!
Thanks for following us back!
OMG!!!
Steve!!
She replied to you!!!!
Awesome!!
One two Freddy's coming for you.Three four better lock your door.Five,six,grab your crucifix.Seven, eight,gonna stay up late.Nine,ten,
Tryna figure out when will bein NYC on myspace...
yall needa website also wtf is the new myspace layout, thats not what I used
Can you smell the Holidays approaching?
Close your eyes n step outside n feel the wind surround you like a warm hug that is happy to see you
shoutout to all my nonfollowers and unfollowers.....
I see you stop asking for a followback just to unfollow a few days later.
I feel like I'm a kid again.
Living in a homestay, I have a new mom, dad, and sister, and have to be home for dinner each night by 18:30.
We have an opportunity to embrace the changing world to get more of these types of jobs here
VHP doesn't seek out interviewees; relies on the public to participate.
Balances data vs untrained interviewers
Is ready to do nothing this weekend but relax!
How do, or would you recommend keeping up w/ daily tasks, or projects your working on to be more efficient w/ your time?
So bored!!
Chillin at my gma house, got dignosed with bronicitus...
so took some meds and coughing..
nothing good on tv..
this sucks
Just handed the gavel to our new chair Tara Murray !
It's going to be a great year!
tlTonights another Hot One  Cup of Joe, that's right the Art of Conversation, Poetry at it's best, don't miss another hot show by E THE...
Our daughter's uncle brought over a VCR tape of her when she was little.
Now I have to find out who can convert it to DVD.
TWEET ME N ANY PORN STAR YOU THINK WOULD BE HOT SCENE TO DO TOGETHER TELL ME DETS WAT YAL WANT TO SEE I'M DWN IS DEY RT RT RT
Understand Me
yea I remember that Dave...we thought his coach was a genius and they went on to win a couple of back to back state championships
FF my bro
why we in a level 2 lockdown .
o.O
I like thinking big.
If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Donald Trump
If they can develop convenient amnesia regarding 20002008, they can forget ANYTHING.
: Second sighting of the week at Warners party // umm Sir Paul!?!?
Happy Birthday Taylor !
xD
knucklehead is one of the best movies ive ever watched.
hilarious
There was on Sheriff F1.
They Freeway squad ch
edchat you can have teachers W great intentions but if the system is flawed its isthe outcome will not change
oh go home
Just brushing up on my Ddoctorskills.
There is more info on CA Customer Experience Mgr on IBM's partner site than there is on CA's own website.
not kidding.
i know a good lawyer.
NNS1yr suggested everyone following this hashtag follow
love the product.
Make sure your mobile site it activated...
Nothing says Saturday like working while having a nice brewski and watching Rick Steves.
Shane was hotter!
And maybe she knows the baby is his.
SERIES FINALE of OTH tonight at 8 on CW20.
What will you miss the most?
Guys stop , Austin is getting his pizza.
Cool your meezies down ;
Thanks for following me!
Hope you enjoy my art
I hope I can stay awake until Thrones tonight
Me and tweet in school.
Cause we're just that fucking hard.
AH IFEELGOOD NICE HOT BATH FEELS GOD :

best thing i ever had 3
did i miss justin bieber or something :
just love ohio flies by thanks so much Peach!
Being a Carolinian myself, here's an insightful post from follower friend It gets you thinking.
Workin on some new ish tonight
it doesn't.
it's a necessary evil, unfortunately.
good for you for getting started early.
Ouch!
All I could think of after that near accident: Dad has a bike!
And Dad knows as much about AP as you.
Finished early thankful Monday played nice.
Hubby home, he took over the kitchen...I love that about him.
lik that tweet loll
More chances for a FREE rental coming soon.....Stay tuned!
I'm good!!
What about you?
:
First of five shows begins in less than 6 hours!
bring montay back for the show
Commissioners speaking to a resolution honoring Addie Wyatt, fierce, pioneering Black lady in labor.
Long list of accolades...
: I miss being a kid.
No one cares how you doctorsses, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
I'm disappointed in ma manz t.r.u.s.t dukez cuz he showed no luv on ma bday but itz all gravy no luv lost!
THE City, man, THE City.
Baghdad by the Bay.
San Francisco.
Veterans in Communities will have a FREE grill out for students and staff TODAY from 11am1pm in Quad or Theatre.
Yipes!
That isn't supposed to do that, pretty sure.
Third trend is Identity Management  This includes name disambiguation, but also includes access authentication and crowdsourcing
If you have 1.3 spare seconds.
Tell a friend about MLTM.
They will thank you later.
;
so crazy how I can't eat any food a city is famous for ever again.
I could do without hearing better bang for your buck ever again.
Mfckrs be lying for no damn reason at all.
A couple of folks have asked about this: all TILTS DH events are free to the public, no registration required!
there's zero chance that fight isn't Pay Per View.
Zero.
Now following :
Yay us!
RT : Holy Moly.
My and 's book chapter proposal got accepted!
I'm so pumped!
My grandpa watches the Brewers and reads about them in the paper, but his mind is going a bit.
Calls YuniB Yuni Betanhoff.
He likes him alot
Happy birthday Miranda !!
gonna piss that puppy out
Nothing's better than a day of fishing
Stewart just stomped that guy, and shushed the crowd!
Agreed!
Happy Anniversary from and too!!
RT : Happy 1st anniversary to !!
I totally just took a nap.
shh
how did you know??
Seriously I think he was.
Js Taxi ride in a clean cab for less.Negotiate your rate on some trips.
Call for details.5018171 Sacramento area only.
I guess I've finally grown tired of only reading books no one else has even heard of.
:
Hey Seattle  today is our fav day  WineWednesday!
10 off all bottles tonight plus live flamenco guitar!
Especially when people stop you and ask your desk height : : Yes!
It is simply impossible to concentrate right now.
which Weeknd joint?
GhettoSuperstitions  My shitty car looks good if I put expensive rims on it
I am starting optional Tech in 10 Tuesday 10 min sessions with faculty this year from 3:303:40  what are best tools for prek8?
My aunt just informed me celibacy is wrong.
hopefully you're not as much of a wuss as some girl I used to know.
She would freak out so much when there was thunderstorms lol
It's Safety Week at Kleen Test Products!
Nice day for an interview on the rooftop w/ Cherie Nelson
Uh oh there's a hash tag
Haha Y U SO SUCK!?
ALL TIME.
I also don't hate LeBron, I hate his decision to leave my team.
Therefore, I don't wish him well.
Plain and simple.
diggin that rogue stuff!
:
doctornking isn't my thing either BUT there is the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and the Detroit Institute of Arts :
Me too!
I hope they look cool!!
We should have lunch to discuss.
Haha.
It's really funny!
When the hell did their become so many damn social media sites?
this aint bout sex with yu i just love the thought of being next to yu
Never fear, my dear, it'd never happen here!
System Test.
Sorry for the inconvenience...
Looking for pandora/last.fm music streamers to answer a few questions tomorrow for my job.
Let me know if you are interested
Ima call this one a wrap.
En effet.
I blame my American work ethic for seeking excuses to seek beauty  balconies  crepes.
Ca y est!
CDG here I come.
oh I'm excited to watch.
Shhh don't ruin it for me!
Calling for Chip Kelly's head?
thx4following  have a great weekend!
U cannot do yoga.Yoga is your natural state.What u can do r yoga exercises, which may reveal to you where you r resisting your natural state
Seeing a porn star in real life is kind of like seeing a movie star.
But different.
How much is a boat load?
I guess it depends on the boat?
Damn, the Thunder have had 13 turnovers??
Lions management needs to invest in some anger management classes for Suh!
Just went to see Bully with Deviance and Crim students, where we all cried our faces off.
So troubling.
I have no where to rant anymore.
Maybe I'll make another twitter for that.
What a week!
Going to unwind with a big ol' beer and the series finale of my favorite show, MONK!
Im so lucky to have friends that are there for me when im down.
Oh wait, I don't!
Haha.
Celebrating the Nature Conservancy of Canada39;s Golden Anniversary
I thought i told ya, imma star.
Laughing at something so hard that you cry even though it's not even that funny...
wutup natasha!
No, not on this tour.
Next one for sure!!
Heading to Los Angeles to attend Dances with Films festival SCALENE, Sat, June 4, 9:30pm.
Starring Margo Martindale, I play exhusband
These GOP candidates are ridiculous.
I cant WAIT 2 watch Obama wipe the floor w/ any of them, no matter the winner.
how was ur dinner?
good, I finished everything but the vegetables.
story of my life!
Gay ghetto moment: saying imma cut ya and clawing like a kitty
looking forward to her joining!
Listening to Ed Dale talk about this year's 30 Day Challenge and preseason
Lol, gurl I be in my zone!
I can't sit still when Bobby Brown comes on!!!
just saw your tweet  got lost in the flurry after the tbbj article
Anyone else going to tonight?
6 buses and 2 trains later, I KNOW WHERE I AM woo
just go away please
thank you for a great game, great atmosphere, and great win last night!
I know!
its also the 1 song on itunes right now so its not the least bit creative.
but can't help it im a sucker for catchy tunes!
Happy 2 years, GREG MIKE I am sick as a dog but great job!
Thankful for another work day!
Oh, but if they lose, I SINCEREly hope a certain someone is ready for me to cash in on that bet!
but thanks you again for your tweets!
Cousin You Okay?
Carol...D
have a nice day!
David, are you in the Cape?
so true  WOW was just discussed on RT : Some people lie so much they begin to believe their own bullshit
Star Trek: The Motion Picture is about a half hour of story packed into 2 hours of 1979's brand new special effects.
Fast Forward
Sunday's event at John's house has been cancelled.
Stay tuned for more songwriting workshops coming soon.
C U tonight at Gypsy!
Passed out with my music playing 
I'm testing out a theory.
What is your favourite fruit, and what month were you born in?
hayy girl!
hope your doing well!
Thoroughly enjoyed Don 2 in a Los Angeles Theater last night.
Step by step the ladder is ascended.
George Herbert
Have you ever been to the kittycat thrift store?
Oh, this is way more important than CSS.
How not to impress me on a date: use the term factory farms.
how wonderfully devious; you're like a twitter ninja!!
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
I love your boxer image...looking forward to see the type.
You in Durham now?
Lessons learned about elephants: they are punctual and fast creatures.
sample of diverse audience discussing Tebow.
Rarely seen athlete cross over so quick
Context Objects: Embedded/ Latent Allowing Citations As Needed To Html
RT Who's the highesttesting character on any of NBC's shows this season?
The monkey in a sitcom called Animal Practice.
lol send me some money
I DON'T HIT FEMALES BUT I SWEAR IF I HAVE TO I'LL KNOCK A BITCH THE FUCK REAL FAST TOO!!
Ctfu
congrats on your engagement!!
Monkey Knife Fight Pale Ale for lunch  rubicon brewing co.
I just like to say the name...good beer too.
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
Enjoying all the great food for the Tasteofspring food festival.
Sometimes the difference between making it safely across the street and getting struck by a vehicle lies in a light hop runstep
yes ma'am!
i slept till 2:30 today.
it felt so nice
New AB3 contest a hit with surfers: SURF SPECTACLE: Sandy Bay surfer Patxi ScottArrieta was one of the standout surfers at the Ocean...
You're not the only one.
God is so good to me.....I'm truly favored and highly blessed....
Loretta Divine
You guys were incredible!
Thanks for bringing your cowboy talents to GLOE!
I really love the site i use for getting likes and follows to my social network pages.
its on my professorle
Thinking about getting physical...
I love your mom !
New working title for band: Fat Elvis.
ps  anyone want to join a band?
has THE best deals on ink!
I just saved 75 over Staples!!
what time is movie night???
OK world, today was unexpectedly good.
Let's see if I can build on the goodwill I got at work today and make Friday good too.
Now to sleep.
Went to sleep at 4am why am I up?
Going to the beach today with friends.
:
RT I have so much energy right now I just want to blast arabic music and dance all over the house lol
How about Pete Campbell getting busted up by the old brit Lane Pryce?
This is how we settle disputes after MEB camps too
Cowboys are definitely one of the most popular and recognizable teams, particularly in Mexico.
Steelers up there too.
I'm excited to graduate but sad because I'm friends with so many underclassmen.
All the more reason to visit next year!
:P
where did u find the pic at?
Lol everything is all good
..these are great
Kids should sit in their assigned seats.
Period.
Slipping to the dark side...
Watching Never Say Never and I'm actually entertained.
When u cant get out of a class were u dont no anyone  theres 22574027 group projects
Implementing global despair protocols
Ready to kick off season?
Stop by RIT Simone Plaza this Thursday, 10:4511:30 am, for the Edoctorgster Race preview.
i need a new phone.
Good: found a cool new website: brainpickings.
Bad: found it cuz student plagiarized from it.
Did the 163jumper jump?
Is he dead?
I want to justify this traffic.
callousbutisodon'tcare
I need to get to bed.
The alarm goes off in 4 hours 13 minutes ...
There's nthing doctorr  more twisted than a teenage girl, except mb one who's a cheerleader.
Reagan Arthur on Abbott's Dare Me.
Halfway through yogato challenge.
Hey guys!
We're looking for someone who could help out with a website of ours.
It's configured with doctorpal.
Any takers?
well try and have some fun and dont let the ratchet people prevent you from having fun
thanks for the follow keep it green, bean.
RT Giancarlo Stanton extends his hit streak to 10 games with a 2run HR in the 4th.
May have been a broken bat HR.
my keyboard squeeks
What a beautiful day, we have a great view from OAG Come bowl, and take a movie while you're here too!
waz up , thanks for following me ....
Lets go!!
I'm your warrior dash DJ tomorrow!
Come find me on the main stage and I'll give u a CD!
Just got the new album.
Someone want to play some cymbals for me tonight?
I want to stay home and listen to this on repeat.
My first name is AnaJamileh.
I have NO middle name.
don't u just feel like crying
Justin biebers birthday : !!!!!!!!
What's with Twitter?
1 comment from 1 hour ago and then it jumps back to 8:29PM March 9.
WTF?
hope to see you tonight at USC's Bovard Auditorium for my album release concert to benefit Egypt!
Are the existing locations at The Corner and University Blvd.
not connected?
Eek!
TnT:SVU...
the thought makes me cringe a little.
Awe, thanks Amber!: I'm always here for you!
Knicks better beat the Clippers.
Hanging with tonight, grabbing a quick dinner and checking out the against the at MSG!!
Pissed the fuck off.
.
.?
Yeah pretty much
Yeah, that's my mistake.
Amelie Mancini.
Yoiks.
Just starting carlsononthelaw on
It is my pleasure to announce we have have a new cast member!
Danny is about to become a huge freaking star, y'all!!!
that's kind of how it is, you know?
:
Times like this i wish i could sing.
Lol yeaa texasweather it will only stay like this for like one more day!
Lol
this theoretical new office would be a great place for a sweet amp.
I sold my electric and my bass is at work.
//
I'm listening to the Lily Pond Orchestra track Invisible Oceans.
A gentle, pleasing track.
RT : Lorenz Hart  lyricist half of Rodgers and Hart.
Wrote My Funny Valentine was born this day in 1895
Please tell me why you care so much???
I just would punch him in the face!!!
Where good
Today in Blues History: The Memphis Jug Band recorded Insane Crazy Blues November 7, 1930, in Memphis, Tennessee, for the OK label.
my bad homie, I was in a loud place!
whats wrong with me?
dear earth, hope u feel better soon.
It would be cheaper to just throw a whole salad onstage.
Yeah!
Up by 35 from my last 1 RM!
Thanks.
I'm bout life bitches
Back in Cincinnati gotta work
if you're not busy this saturday, we'd love to see you at soma again 3
I want to but idk hbu
There are four fundamentals textbooks that beat theirs.
Handily.
Working on this summer's to do list and first up is our newest addition to the blogging family...
BB
I'm going to sleep now.
Nitenite Twitterland, sweet doctorams to you all.
Let's see how well I'll be able to sleep tonight.
:
The wind outside whistles with discontent for america and it's poor choices.
Aly does Hellcats hav any new episodes comin on?
Argh.
Typos on Twitter on the worst!
Fixed and reposted.
Thanks!
:
well Happy Birthday!!
: 2 hours 40 minutes away from being done with this shit!
:
what up big homie!!
What's good wit it?
i want to do some destructive shit
10favouritebands THE SCRIPT
Green Giant claims their package of broccoli w/cheese sauce contains 2.5 servings.
For a 2yearold, maybe.
Back to fresh, homemade.
OK, need more friends to discuss about Apple Mac app.
Fantasy Baseball Advice: 10 Latest 'Sell High' Fantasy Trade Options  Bleacher Report
YOU CAN TELL IT'S ABOUT 2 GO DOWN BY THE MUSIC SHE PUTS ON...
LOL
get better fam!
Sounds yummy: RT : The St.
Pats Specials are Pistachio Creme Brule, Thick Mint Cookies and Mint Choco Chip Macarons.
Spending the day editing everyone's photos!
i can't wait for teenwolf prom ep :D
ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah
If you could pick one color that Sporting Blue looks the most like what would it be?
I'm thinking baby blue.
Thanks for the kind words and shout out, Adam.
I believe that some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence.
That is the big idea.
Phil Cunningham is a great hire by Ray Harper at Western.
we gettin deep into my white people crate tonight.
Crying 'cause of Small Bump.
That song.
Just tears.
3
Certainly doesn't HELP tourism
Thats why i pick  choose, i dont get shit confused.
Flight delayed 3 hours.
I need to start keeping track  flights rarely go as planned.
Cocoa Almond Spread
TESTIFY  Andy Pettitte is on the stand at the U.S.
District Courthouse for the Roger Clemens perjury trial
who r u bro ?
do i know u or something ?
why are u asking for add on fb ?
lol am i right ?
I think I jus encountered my first serendipity moment
Looking at IMDB.
No wonder is not wrestling.
He has two movies coming out in same year.
Journey 2 and GI Joe.
balling giveme20

is almost as fantastic as I am Harry: I saw a 40 yr old women in the incline, she was hot Niall: I LOVE PRIMANTI BROTHERS.
i suppose.
Id rather watch this than one of these teams blowing out any other team in the country.
We're glad we could help with that :
It's bound to get hot in the summer, but the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse of a town.
Fear trumps truth in Jacques Tourneurs '47 Out of the Pasta chronicle of greed, deceit and love run amok in a mesmerizing noir masterpiece
: Thanks for the RT.
I hope that doesn't make me a writing jagoff, lol..
It doesn't lol
wonders if 'doctor clean' really actually means 'doctor clean ONLY' or if it's just a suggestion.
There's snow hope for survival!
: I'm going to write a SyFy disaster movie about these snow storms called Snow Way Out.
I have 11:11 on replay: Its such a great song!
13
oh there's much more to come.
Doubt that...: Back to clippernation shit...
LobCity bitch!....
Spurs let's see if they shoot like that all series...
too quiet?
lies boy then palms sweaty then a penguins belly lmao
Yes you do my friend!
Enjoy!
So glad we can share in the moments :
IHateWhen you and I are so close...
But then we fall so apart.
Thank you for the mention!
Do you have any great resources for royalty free music for patron videos?
travel day to Iowa for grandma's 80th birthday!
We got a pig roast and square dancing planned!
Yes he is.
:D
U have 2 wait 2 find out but there 2 of the main characters on the storyline and some other characters included on the cover
Having a great time with 's parents at their place; I must add the city views from here are spectacular.
Happy International Literacy Day!
What is your fave title in the Jewish Encounters series?
I like the word clockwise
Congrats to for the big help award!C:
Yeah!
I'll keep voting!
I LOVE YOU so much 
What a beautiful day
I want it as a styled shoot but I don't want to style : sometimes im lazy
How was your day?
So im watchin NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE this movie funny but this movie so stupid thoo lol
love your show :
Hi Pam, my pleasure  thanks for the follow as well!
Looking forward to following your tweets
not to be all bragster bragsterini, but my white chocolate cream cheese frosting might change your life.
What a beautiful day in the Mile High!
Stop in and see us we're open till 9!
:
In a Great Mood : perfect time to sleep!
Leslie Cochran, Austin's iconic and beloved homeless, political activist, cross doctorsser has passed away.
That's disrespectful to me..
or we could go run at promitory point they have steeper hills.Let me know when your down!
New Year's Resolution: book more gigs
FUCK YEAH!
PACERS WON'T GET SWEPT!
What's up with everyone today?
: rebelriotpromotions.webs.com
It gonna be alone
I hate that damn song!....My kids sing it all day
not too much, went into town and had to get my tire fixed, it had a nail in it and was almost flat, then just relaxed
Niall: why aren't we moving?!
Liam: we're on land .
Pathetic girls....
Hilarious
S/O to these people for being real and awesome people
Shout out to the Jersey boys I just met at the hotel hot tub, thanks for disproving the Jersey stereotypes while still maintaining hot abs.
that's one of my favorite songs right now.
Happy mothers day mama!!
Thanks for being an amazing second mother to all us mahomies!
We love you!3
Definitely how are you doing?
Thanks for the RT as well
The time is always right to do what is right.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ladies, Great event last night, I was very impressed by how well organized it was from point AZ!
Keep up the great work!
Prob going to dial in on the call, you will moderate?
YUUS.
I CANT WAIT TO MEET YOU.
asdoifasl.
OMG
140cuse It was Wayne Gretzky who said I stake to where the puck will be, not where it is.
i have my AP WH exam tomorrow.
Breaking should each state be allowed to doctorg test welfare recipients?
tyvm.
executing 'plan b' atm, but appreciate your offer  will keep it in mind.
btw, is your server powered by faerie magick?
;
Thanks!
:.
Lol I don't know why people keep msging me on I am available on They should contact me here
Ok Pacers
is it time for dinner yet?
Sorry I didn't get a chance to introduce myself Dave.
Hope to get another opportunity
flight delayed but should take off soon.
Tech problem.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day everyone!
We are extremely thankful for all the sacrifices that you  your childoctorn have made for us
To all my new people that r fallowing me thank u
Getting really excited for you all to see the Marvelous Mud exhibitions.
Plus, shhh...we are launching an app tomorrow.
I'm so inspired, I'm ready to kick a door in.
Bonjouuuuuuuuuuur Bella :D'
But not Bertha Lopez.
Interesting.
Of course, she was the only one to consistently question Gandara...
Haha, I thought Matt Hunter is sick.
Haha ;
yes, i got another job :
Got to doctorve 3 different friend's cars today.
A jeep, a civic, and an audi.
Sorry, and , But....
Aaron's audi 
Thank god
I am trying to embed in Wordpress.
Sites apparently makes it easy.
Especially if provides snacks!
;
It's 1am almost and I really want to go out and get something to eat, but it's raining...
Suppose I could use an umbrella but...
How am I supposed to study when it's so nice outside and so close to the weekend??
Won the tournament!!
Haven't lost a game yet in the spring..Both my knees are killin me, and my foot hurts again tho.
I NEED to take a break
just come knock on my door when you get here.
if you're not in by the time i leave, i'll put it in your mail box!
Went to park with daughter today and saw some teenage hooligans.
Remember when that was us?
He gonna be mad I can't get down there because I'm not spending any money
Oh that is so sweet of you!
We definitely love using social media to connect with our patients  Columbus :
I don't think its that late out rite now
I expect to see a lot of Cinco De Mustaches at tomorrow's tailgate.
That is all.
Fuck ya bitches c:
Once again turning to my twitter friends.
I'm looking for socks for a guy that say I am creative.
I am hip.
I am cool' You know?
Any ideas?
Need.
More.
Sleep.
only in your icon
My life is one long MadMen episode.
Well, really only the clownish, nebbishy parts about Harry.
But still.
This Just In: Brandon Phillips can play a little defense.
what part do u live in?
Great Total Security Summit workshop on the Ipact of Accurate Identification on your Bottom Line presented by Gary G.
Jones!
I'll FOLLOW WHO TWEET FOR FOLLOW ME.
PLEASE GUYS TWEET :
got my poster in the mail today!
That poster is sick!
Love it!
Thanks again...
Dinner meeting!
4 months with the baby!
:D
Just bought my new website, cant wait to get it up and running :
Let's get to 700 followers by tonight, eh?
eh?That's 11 more dance fiends!!
Lezzz Go!
The house of your doctorams might mean looking past that overgrown landscaping, shag carpet, orange kitchen counter and dark green paint.
AmberMichelle94 you should get me a doctorpepper from qt and ill pay you back
um hoping he didn't die bc I will not be able to deal !
You are welcome and thanks for the compliment.
It was a fun show to perform and the great crowds are special to us.
So I find my all time favorite pair of shorts and I put them on the realize I ripped them up the side awhile back
the Sixers will be 10 against playoff teams when Turner starts and gets a triple double while playing on Tuesdays after tonight
Lolololol RT : If lying was a job, I know someone who would be a billionaire.
you get the new one?
um yeah right , cheater
I'm creepily adding this pizza picture to my phone's photo library for the next time I'm tipsy and hungry in Williamsburg.
was not expecting that at all
Went from having no job to having two overnight.
I'm going to be pretttyy busy today
ONE MILE SHORT OF 100 for the month.
Looks like I'm going for short run tomorrow before work.
;
Every time I go to a restaurant,I'm just shocked by how rude people are.
I've been shoved by obese 40 year olds all day.
no, it's stupid.
Way too much doctorma and unrealistic expectations created for us average guys to make every date like those...
Plus, I bet Pride this weekend in New York is going to be amazing
Ok,here we go now.
Another day in da throw all ya crap at me life of Nolagoose.
Think I will change all my professorles  start over, again!!!
Vegetables are your best bet when it comes to losing pounds.
Nature has a terrific spread when it comes to choosing vegetables
EarthFare or Home Economist has them!
Good luck!
: Who's the lucky eater?
great to hear, thanks!
Can't wait for the film release as well.
Our THOR VO trailer coming soon!!
I'm in CO enjoying my last day of vacation.
I'm ready to go home to LA and get back into the grind!
Be sure to tune into Indy, Channel 13 news this evening to see the What's cool in school segment!
i have to go 2 the dentist tomorrow to get my teeth cleaned wish me luck: 3
Lol KD's doodle jump commercial.
I think that playing doctorss up begins at age five and never truly ends.
Thanks  same to your Sheri.
You are no longer created equal, but to be improved and changed
Stephen A.
Smith Is Destroying Tim Tebow Right Now!
Hilarious!
Sometimes I do open mic there.
Am working on a new band right now.
Playing Especial tomorrow at 4 p.m.,  Rackspace
pure honesty 3
The Zeiss lenses are all manual focus.
Which is sometimes nice...
But sometimes not?
crank up the volume turn up the volume .
Yes.
But only with one person :/
Watching Natural Born Killers.
Everything about this movie is SO 1994.
And I'll have L7 Shit List stuck in my head all night.
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit
This is why I'm so fat..
I eat wendy's at this time.
Girl You Are So Right
ditto bro!!
what up boi!
Anyone going to Netroots looking for a roomie for that Tuesday night?
Ingenious disposable cup.
No lid.
Creators Herman  Bascome presenting at Creative Mornings.
Just sitting here in Texas wondering if you still a Rock Star in India!
ah hope ya having fun, obviously got over the jetlag quick 2 b out again lol!
Rupert Everett spotFail x
Does anyone else find these anti compact fluorescent lighting whiners totally annoying?
I'm a huge fan pls follow me...
I love your music...
I am just another nothing.
15 of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
Excellence is in the details.
Give attention to the details in everything you do And excellence will come.
No detail is too small.
G.
Allen
Watch out for your so called friends their the main ppl that'll stab you in the back
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
H.
G.
Wells
: Top Flight security gaurds of the world creig lmao
Considering I usually have 2 coffees total....YES.
That would be good as well.
Apple doesn't half ass MBP design refreshes though.
I ordered these cute heels and they fit me too big!!
I haven't quite mastered the art of sharing!
And apparently I'm a beer hoarder :
ill have to check that book out sound very interesting..
i loved you on the hill you were thr life of the party
Night!!!
Finally home
This is gonna take cracker jack timing.
shittt I was just thinking bout it
Is the little foam puzzle piece for 1 backwards?
For a school board mailer?
I could be wrong.
Thanks for the follow!
that's the shit!
Damn, that was a long night
Any way to see David Attenborough's BBC Frozen Earth Final episode here in the U.S.?
Let us know.
Thanks for the shoutout.
I am so sorry...
I'm so excited that we can see the status and chime in without twenty million steps.
Thanks for getting the word out!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
yep!
i produced
living in a time zone where pretty little liars isnt on for like 2 more hours.
woo
Sugar fenna get knocked out.
What are your plans for the game tonight?
Any great bar deals around town?!
I am currently in an intermission.
I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly.
Until then, go get better!
Thanks for blowing up my Twitters.
And by blowing up, I mean something like 5 mentions in one day.
congrats on tenure.
Play it out on Madden RT If '96 Packers played '11 Packers, Antonio Freeman says his old team wins.
boca grand veggie tacos are really tasty.
AND not too terrible for you.
that makes my day.
The nerves of some people is comedy 
I'm wondering at what age I'll stop wanting to get jiggy wit it.
So life has been busy and stressful lately.
Poo.
i shouldn't have eaten that sandwich.
I was trying to but it cropped the hell out of the picture smh I hate that!
Lol
And I will always, love YOU Who's ready to get their karaoke on tonight at 10?
Megacreep
Yea great, but I don't need to see it again.
I just about lost it when he snapped his arms.
Inspiring Excerpt  Little People Making a Big Splash  Little People Making a Big Splash Dont underestimate the potential in a...
check out our girl appearing in the new USA show Necessary Roughness starting June 29!
iGOTTA THUGG iN MY LiFE
your hopes.
your doctorams.
your everything.
someone: wanna hang ?
Me : ohh heck no i'm not !
BoyzAreBack dumb butt!
All 3 styles now available at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg!
Go try Hop on Top, Witty White Wheat and Fire Light today!
For some reason my dog sees squirrels as a natural threat.
san francisco 3
Those wings from Brother's were to good.
I'm going to have to get some more today for lunch.
RT if you love when Austin says
Work work work.
GET MONEY BITCHES:
Honestly is the best show on daytime...
wow...
who are you rooting for American Idol?
Phillip Phillips just killed it...
just because you have a gee don't make u a ninja nigga.
uh, let's move on.
NICK!!
HOW ARE YOUU?
:
That show kicked so much ass.
I like your microfilm machines better than Mugar's.
Eager to attend my first ASHE2011 meeting next week.
Please stop by the Hopkins booth and say hello.
HAPPY 15 BDAY.
im wearing peaces and your necklace today.
I hope u day is awesome, we love you soo much :.
I'll apply for this job, but I'm still not quite sure.
submitting resume now!!
holy crap!
i could meet you downtown after the ballet.
or nowish?
just got home from work, but happy to put pants on again.
thanks ok idgaf what you think and I dare you to go to my house and say that to my facw, oh wait you wont because i'll beat u up!
Ironically, Giffords was a gun owner and against gun control.
RT : Mitt Romney would not tell a lie would he?
Ask Rachel Maddow.
FF Making prom doctorams come true all over America!
Thanks for following  Looking forward to your updates!
Melo is in the dome!
More live music tonight.
Big crowd expected.
Band at 9.I don't have a food truck tonight but I would love to have one if your free.
GoStrick...only four back.
THANKYOU to founding mothers of JITsurrogate moms/aunts/sisters/gmas that help when no one else did b/c they know our youth are worth it
'habitat' image in from Sarah Lyon
Excited to introduce Spreecast to everyone I meet at MashCon!
I have put the picture of me  my sister meeting in a frame in the living room with the pick for every1 to see

Sue's clients include Oprah Winfrey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Maria Shriver just to name a few.
do it!
Go to protest!
so glad you enjoyed dining in Philly at City Tavern!
Huzzah!
Very nice custom twitter page and great eye and laser surgeon, doctorReza Mozayeni
My back is ruined right now and I have a play a set in about 30 mins.
Afternoon party with old friends, nice!
all he do is smoke weed, lol
end of nba on abc means i am released from the couch at last.
Kinda sad.
there should be a love song about sadness  hipsters, I bet
People are crazy.
Facebook seems divisive IMO but it is good for Family stuff true dat
I am a basketball ref in Texas.
At the high school level, a flop is a technical foul
foreals its because i aint at crockett but im going bak next year
Start slow, guys: kiss your way down her body, teasing her thighs and buttocks, before reaching your goal.
sextip
sounds good
In the swamp land
Loving these last few weeks with great friends  family.
Graduation is around the corner!!!
you need a better phone than a blackberry....what carrier you with?
I'm out of Baileys.
Hello boring doctorp coffee.
that def touched williams...
Coughlin better challenge this...
should be G MEN BALL!!!
Haven't heard from the snake bros in a min guess they forgot about a naga
us too!
Here in Southern California.
my knee didnt hurt for wsbob and due to minor snow.
knee just shot out in pain.
wscrystal will be a pain in my neck...
Grrrrr
sounds great
Pilot season is kicking my butt!
keep your head up!
I promise it will get better 
St.
Mary's cardinals going for the title today, good luck!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle  Hell Raiser 
omg that howl is super annoying!
its like echoing in my head
Goodies Goodies Goodies!!!
www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Love me some USC but dude just looks like a Viking, congrats?
Got a little teary eyed watching that Packer special on the Today Show ...
NFL is back!!!
Studying my Script, we start Shooting Early Saturday Morning.
Much Respect to TnG Films Director Terence Gordon.
Sorry to bring awful news: just came home from dinner and found my much, muchbeloved 12 yearold pug had died, with no warning at all.
but it'll be fun!!
get crazy with the cheese whiz
I don't know what my mom gave me but I feel kinda high.
Hope it wasn't Vicodin she knows I'm not supposed to take them.
Looking for something to do today?
Come watch Zeitgeist: Moving Forward at the Glas Box on Texas and Cotton!
The door is on Langtry St.
5
boyfriend is in rome, italy and i'm in venice, ca.
we're both sitting in cafes to write to one another.

TY 2 u 4 coming out 2 Shoot to Cure HD on fri nite  Chargers Park!
UR support is greatly appreciated.
A: how can we make this a RVA community thing not just a university thing?
you heard it here
I am stupid; leeziness at its finest folks.
do you think the are done making moves?
Haha, sure sounds that way.
RT : Just got a phone call from a captainin I won a cruise for two!
This has to be totally legit.
Every episode of Saved by the Bell is now on Netflix Streaming.
so we'll just need to work on appetizers for the shower.
and i put your table  chair in the van  making progress :
Great tourney coaches doctorw something up here to get a great shot.
Will Shaka?
Top finish from Suarez
yea ik!!!
its such a relief!
happy women's day 
Its like your ghost is chasing me, when I'm awake and when I'm asleep.
A part of you lives in every part of me.
And I can't out run you.!
haaha, omg that would be so freaking cool if we had the same birthday!
hey !
how's it going?
It happened once , and sadly I'm allowing it too happen again .
Bcos whatever I do or saay never matters .
keep us all informed.
Even though Sam focuses on the coogs, now.
Tonight how it should be.
So excited for bday shindig celebration tonight!!!!
Can't wait for the show tonight!
About time we see some scoring!
Can't wait to see The extra man seems like a awesome movie yeah!
Everyone get excited to see part of my life story in the new batman movie this summer, when I'm not playing music I'm actually batman.
I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt your bro being a Devils fan.
Can I talk w/u for a story?
Thanks, let me know!
I remember tweeting how it was funny only ENS Alerts texted me.
Yeah well jokes on me now.
comebackENS I'lltreatyoubetterthistime
When strange people chat you on Facebook and ask to hang out...
cdx2012 Thanks for the social media book.
i am sure it will be a good read.
Evan Ortega : hello
Lmao.
I know I'm late but what's with the black nails and Ev you a mess Dennis Rodman's twin.
2funny
: Great Day World!
How will you SHINE today?
Somebody has been sniffing a lot of the Palo Alto air
Found out I broke my tailbone..
ifiwonthemegamillions I'd buy the trump tower condo above doctorse and make that the center of my empire
you're right
Shouldn't wine openers be a standard in all hotel rooms in France?
Haha.
Sorry I'm not transparent!
You can not walk through me no matter how fast your walking!!
Tru dat!
RT : Aquarians have no qualms about breaking tradition or standing up to authority
ahaha yeaa lets goo if u get sleepy ill take ur spot !!
Haha WE GOING MIKEY HUNTING !!!!!
Math is my worst nightmare....
Good one.
Maybe Leake can do a Cueto impression tomorrow?
RT: : Didnt find Johnny Cueto's Mike Leake impression very amusing
Woke Up At 4:00 pm...!
Was doctoraming off Vinny And Mikey running around with there shirts off..!!!
Best doctoram ever 
By 1902 the Aquarium had 100 tanks and 7 large pools making it the largest in the world.
It housed the largest single collection of...
is dat dude
Enjoying a cold XX on Corpus Christi Beach
When try to improve and better the lives of the people you meet you are often rewarded by others returning the favor  lasting relationships
On no!
When you know the doctorll to Hegeman '96 is when I will schedule your intervention.
RT : The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
I can't skip anymore spanishes but I get out at 9:55 tomorrow.
I'm totally up for it.
RT  Follow 4 Only 3 more to 1000 for the Greek!
Who will do him the honors of hitting the mark on Friday the 13th?!?
Cookies for breakfast with a side of coffee.
I love my coworkers :
Afinitor Approval Expanded to Include Benign Kidney Tumors
So excited for my sister coming in town!
Nothing to be jealous of hereI still have to go to the gym Cc
i'll let bethany do that!
Keha is my go to girl and then there is always Lil Wayne if I feel like going hard
Got new clothes and stuff 
yes yes yes!!
You're our winner for The Wombats tickets for Monday!
Shoot us an email at to redeem the tickets!
Hi Adam, Thanks for keeping in touch.
I love you.
Hope you know that your fucking amazing!
Happy Easter, everyone!
:
The next adventure refugee tv episode will be with surfing and talking about his new book.
Stay tuned.
Done and done.
Doubtful Sound too!
u still foe tha gym life thursday?
Hit me
contact vball regarding open play.
All vball teams are sold out for current session but open play is an option
oh ok do u have a new phone
Job apps today.
Wish meh luck!
XD
ChicTheNextLev ....It's a thing, make it happen.
studying now going better than I thought.
Finished algebra.
On to geometry now.
Trying to finish math soon.
How 'bout you?
What a day.
The GOP is pack of pathological liers!
Beautiful, sunny day in Houston today!
talking like a fat person !
Congratulations!
Great news.
Mudhouse coffee tasting TODAY at 3!
yeah and if uve seen the cars i ride in u will be amazed
Haha yeah.
my dad wants me to run track but i hate running.
FatTogether haha XD
They don't do that in other cities, too?
Tweet me your fitness goals!
:
You know the song, I like big butts...
I was being silly, a silly goose!
;
You're a cutie :
God, I ran travel for a crappy media outlet in Australia and always flew business!
Enjoy it, Never go back!
Fighting aging is a tough .
But the right hair and skin care are essential for the battle read my blog where I go over all the latest fads
Thanks for all the support!
RT : Is it really National Cleavege Day?
lmao!!!
seems like it everyday according to some timelines lol!
Don't forget to say your PRAYERS .
Dear audience: I came to hear Florence sing not to hear you shriek every time she moves.
Bored af in the big gym doing a packet of work :l :
thanks for the shout out!
Watch , he gone in twitter jail again !
YOU ROCK
Headed home after a great night with my LB The mint is calling our name.
Here we go!
Lol!
You had a better deal I think.
Spot was hot.
RT : and you looked amazing.
what a brave bookseller!
U CRAZY.
LOL.
I would not hug that Big chin h.e !
Erica is FAKE .
Thank you!
Rainy days on the trolley are the worst!
Everything gets soaked...
But at least I don't have to sit in traffic!
Nice hit by Malone on the PK in neutral ice to break up Hamilton scoring chance
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho always gets hurt
Wow CNN Breaking News  Steve Jobs, the cofounder of Apple, has died, according to the company.
He was 56.
Thanks Lisa  thought this would be fun to design these after going through the last 48h!
Text back with yo titties on it!
we find it very helpful, but we always get some kids who enroll late, so there are always wild cards.
Getting rid of them feels good!!!!
I've decided to go vegan and give up doctornking.
Hope everyone will help and be supportive of my new lifestyle!
Wow thanks YAY!
Well played on the soap bubble reference.
Every game is a history lesson.
Kiss your life.
Accept it, just as it is.
Today.
Now.
So that those moments of happiness you're waiting for don't pass you by.
Wrote some jokes about God and my whole family sick!, there just jokes God
try gnawing on a book.
You know...a subtle hint.
It's hard to follow you, if your bio is full of gramaticral...grummacular...germatricle...nevermind.
follow
Well I like senior elite so, sorry
exactly my plan too girl.
Just did.
: follow back
RT : This is valuable SSR time
TL Costa, thanks for following
nowplaying The Writer  Ellie Goulding.
Obsessed.
Thanks for following!
good  how are you?
um u can't be talkin about me.
Because of CelebrityApprentice, you've gained another fan!
Good Luck!
What happened to D Wade?
incaseyoudidntknow i miss talking to you...
alot.
Good Night!!
When you are being interviewed on screen, remember show and tell isnt just for kindergarten.
Bring props to help get your message across.
Union Equity, Inc.'s Wholly Owned Subsidiary Receives USDA BioPreferred Certification
The Bucks face the Miami Heat tonight at 6 p.m.
Go, Bucks!
SHIPPING IS NOW ONLY 99 CENTS!!!!!!!
me?
holding hands with you!?
hahahaa
About to head to the mall for anyone up for some coneing???
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
I will not buy Bibles for Computer Scientists and Engineers.
Red Green
Double Jeopardy with Tommy Lee Jones and Ashley Judd was the 1 movie this day in 1999.
Ohhkkaayyy This Is my last tweet till lunch TIME;
Is it suppose to be hot today ??
Be sure that you are maintaining HR records as required!
If not, this could be very costly for your Company.
Yea me and my friend zakaiya are going to do it every time we here the songRT  mean for party rock
Walker will be followed by CNN at Hart Park for the Tosa East v Nicolet tonight for his son's game.
beer is awesome
When she lays down with dogs, she wakes up with fleas.
Happy Birthday again 3
Yes, Gregor and Jon mentioned they met our new neighbors!
Welcome to the neighborhood!
No idea how to score that.
Also nevermind about Cotto landing punches.
Throwing them but barely any solid shots.
Just Listed: Turnkey Script Mart 
no worries, it might be a bit of a zoo tonight anyway
Ugh I just wanna go back to sleep
Nobody's looking at your shoes anyway.
Unless you wear them.
Absolutely!
are you attending the workshops today?
See you tomorrow!
mmhmm been craving one all day!
Big thanks to for hosting our Annual Meeting and Campaign Kickoff last night!
MPAA and allies are freaked b/c if SOPA and PIPA are killed it doesn't stop there.
Hollywood hegemony is over.
Oh well those must be some pretty damn bright lights
All I'm gunna say is....get a bunt down and put some pressure on
ThingsThatGetMeUpset Scuffed up shoes :
Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Good morning, East Coast.
: 3
In internationalticket limbo land.
Hope we figure this out in the next couple of days.
I will not eat the Cadbury Cream Eggs...I will not eat the Cadbury Creme Eggs...etc...
i feel special 
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
William Wordsworth
Your Dad sounded like an awesome and fun guy.
Hope that time with family in Ohio has been as good as can be.
Gonna have to rewrite Motherfuckers Move Slow to be about the west Seattle DMV.
AH NO!?
Ur deff too cool for me.: hang wif me boo!!
sorry samurai or nothing.
Maybe next time...
I'm better 1 on 1 anyways.
I just assume everybody works all the time.
; You must have a dozen internal clocks running!
Thatawkwardmoment where you have pornstars following you
Spicy Chicken
Light but steady rain as we head south on I39 out of Plover.
Still tasting the lunch at Jim's BarbieQ Shack in Rapids
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch...
beautiful
you better quit that habit, its gross!
Bae told me Im on my Boss shit ..haha
horrible fan base
add my LinkedIn page!
Fathers never lose focus of your priorities, your childoctorn!
People seem to be extremely amused by my ability to impersonate the characters from Llamas With Hats.
Yo just got his third strikeout for the Brewers today...
Settling in now.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves.
J.
Paul Getty
the help?
I have a B in communications okay so help me help you : Why would your cat hate you in the 1st place is it because U
aww, Jackie!
You are too sweet!
Thank you for your support!!!!
how does it know your timezone?
so weird but I love it.
People judge you, no matter where you go .
Happy Birthday!!
3
Excited our new Kentfield rental office is almost ready!!
Do you think Kobe's mask helps him see any better in the eternal darkness of MJ's shadow??
This, you will have.:
Thx for the follow!
Love your benefits and discounts.
How can you not join if you're in Central NJ??
Just finished watching the tribute thing on him on Centric.
Lol I'm On Ya Trail
Documents in Rangel matter will be available at ethics.house.gov ...
the meeting has just adjourned.
My personal experience w/ tweens they don't differentiate mediums.
Handwritten notes  texts  convo.
said he wants to ride my wood!!
Just donated to Childoctorn's Miracle Network.
Had my pic taken with two beauty queens.
The comparisons will not be flattering.
I Will Not Be Fuckn With Downtown With That NATO shit Going On.
So wait, this Iron Lady movie has nothing to do with Tony Stark?
WTF?
storms out of theater
I'd advise any Steelers fan to never wear their jersey in any part of Ohio.
Keep that garbage out of Wisconsin too.
: i hope you get 4 more follower 3
This is my first Christmas on twitter!!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Alex I Love You So So So Much Please Please Follow Me.
ILOVEYOU 3
You know it, homey.
Is this Worldwide Wes from IowaGrant?
stopped talking to me on christmas eve why?
O.o
S/O 2 MNF sexy ass a lady whos loves the Packers im bout to faint!!
Shes now on TeamPackers!!
No prob, there's no way I can get my 20 year old in on this contest right?
My hairs fuckn 3 different colors.
what happened?: Dm me?....if you want!/:
Spent all weekend with totally okay with it.
you're welcome.
:
Every time i talk to you, i smile like an idiot 
And if I'm gone tomorrow, what was ours still will be.
I have have something to believe in, now that I know you believed in me
Then again I also tried to make a joke ab lack of calcium and Vit.
D and nobody got that.
Getting tees ready for Check out their booth at the I Made It Market in Schenley Plaza tomorrow evening.
I hate taking this bum order.
He be so stank.
thank you!
i wish there was a discussion/forum option for each group
when a campaign goes viral and your neighbors grandma and her dog are talking about it
fifa for breakfast...:
Hey man,this is Mikethe doctormmer from Pat's church u visited when yr up here in Jax.just wanna say hang in thrGods Got Ya!!
Will be at the Press Restaurant in Claremont tonight at 10:00 p.m.
We've got some new tunes, so stop on by!
LISTEN TO MY NEW HIT 8 BARS OR BETTER...
Thanks Carly: RT : Flash Cab is off my shit list.
Acknowledging when you're wrong and apologizing goes a long way in my book.
Hannah's creeper in american lit.
Lol 
Wifey surprised me with the new iPad tonight ...
Love her so much ...
She made my day ...
:
I might be missing something, but I just open the lid on my macbook and it's online.
How does adding a phone to the mix help me?
LMFAO I have such a funny best friend!
I think they should put cleanup materials on the el.
It is awful when you find yourself sticking to the floor of the train...
I got myself a new pair of cowboy boots today.
Yeehaw...
Beat  but excited for Hershey tomorrow with my girlfriend.
Right now, though, gonna spend a few quality hours with L.A.
Noire.
Pinkishpurple and white room!
HOW DO YOU GET HARRY STYLES TO FOLLOW YOUR TWITTER IF YOU ARE MEETING HIM IN PERSON
My 1st longform article of 2012 about will be on MyFoxHouston tomorrow.
I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I had writing it.
That's a BANG.
Internet Explorer officially holds less than a 50 global market share today.
Chrome usage tripled.
What do you guys use?
Ha, that commercial where the spider beats that one guy up cracks me up.
If he was still here..
Increasingly becoming inclined to agree...
hopefully I see my baby today.
I wont take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Man!
RT : and was so hyped about it.
this shit so raw!
RT : Tragedy: no one will experience the joy of watching the Apple Tablet announcement ON an Apple Tablet.
Hey guys come 2 the afterparty tonite at RnR hotel after yr show!
RT Block Party today at Dupont Circle  4pm
WALMART Specials brought to you by Walmart slaves!!!
FU Walmart !
The worst most heartless employer ever!
Do not help support GREED!
So happy that my fans are enjoying my new music video for Where Have You Been!
I think something finally passed I Wanna Go ; Xoxo 3
why don't we sneeze when we sleep?
: be yourself around me
it's hilarity when the girl you used to talk to wants to trybe all friendly with your girl friend she used to trip on and hate..
Before im hitting anything ..
biiich i need dome first DOM
Attn local SA fashion designers: UTSA's Paisano is doing a feature on local fashion designers.
If you're interested, let me know!
there a designated doctorver discount?
Rescuers down under on the Disney channel what a way to see me off questionable?
He ain't dead.
just another twitter attempted murder...
Grrr...don't wanna get out of bed 
Ur getting spammed called autobots.
Block the followers you don't know.
The more you tweet, the more spam you get.
let's go aziz on national tv watching LobCity and Lebron aka I choke every 4th quarter
Experiencing typical postLA blues.
I miss that city.
go to sleep
damn that was very hot and those shoes r tight too homie;
hey Ryan what's going on with Justin and selena
Happy Birthday!!!
This weekend of RR is a blessing.
I've held up really well tho, Gods been with me.
Scrimmage Fri.
Hope everyone has a nice weekend
This day is charged with positive energy!!
its official I am the new mister.
Washington Black Globe International 2011  will be competing in the Bahamas in for the big one
ThingsThatGetMePissed Beliebers and the dumb stuff they trend
RT At the altar, reflect Someday I will walk down a hospital corridor with this person pushing a pole holding a plastic bag
I see.
We love your doctorbble sturf.
not sure he will be ready next seasonRT : Source just confirmed both Adoctoran Peterson's MCL and ACL are torn.
AOK!
I've been meaning to call about this biznas that we need to discuss.
If you can wait til next month, so can I....
:
Up early with a cup of coffee in my hand.
Busy week will require a lot of focus
school's coming..
:D bye twitter.
have you tried dish soap to get your ring off?
Like Dawn or something.
Again Fern tweeted battle, defeat, frustrate, and ruin
Thanks for the follow !
Happy New Year.
Got my copy and i must say i LOVE it.
incredible work from you as always mother.
Thanks Tom  Jaclyn!
RT : Looks like a great lineup!
Great stuff happening in our community.
I went to bed at a better time , yet i'm STILL sleepy !
Nice pair of plants!
3
Watching NUMich.
Cats would be up huge if they could just rebound.
Ma'am, you probably shouldn't hold up that marry me, Axford sign while his wife's in labor.
Online radio shows.
:
watching my boy Steve Billirakis on Final table of the 10k omaha 8
it's pretty great.
RAISE IT!!
Jewelry Is An Investment, Here Are Tips To Help Guide You
Guess I have no new text buddies :
RT : I don't want to sound intolerant, but I pray to God every night that none of my childoctorn grow up to be North Carolinian.
I don't want a kiss in the rain.
My bro has a bag of gummy bears and I took all the red ones cuz those are the only ones I like haha
Amazing weekend.
Monday, you suck.
Just Heard over the Bar.
When name of winning horse 19 was flashed ...
Good idea.
I had him!
And, I'll have another!
What do I do with this bottle of amaretto but glare at it?
Oh yeah, moms.
Mine?
No one's good enough for her kids, trust no one, ever.
sigh
Not the typical musical.
Looks more like it's from the makers of Airplane!.
there was no other analogy adequate.
lol I tap danced on their faces...I won.
Lol
It was a good game cats.!
Maybe next time.!
Now its racernation.!
they had to know the site was having problems so you waited till it hit critical fail and now want a
Mostly The Whole Routine Was Isos , It was mostly , Tick Tick Tick , Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick !
Ah ABDCmemories 3
Our trip through PA was just for our cats :
I have joined twitter.
I'm a tweeter.
So it is said, so it is written.
Thanks.
hugs I think I'll be better about handling things in a few days when it doesn't feel as intense.
charlie white trash like you needs to OD on methadone
icantstandwhen I see Obama 2012 stickers on cars.
Have you people no shame?
Up and ready for my meeting.

my name is I, my problem is LOVE, the solution is YOU  /3
so I take it Dane Sanzenbacher and Nick Reed made the team?
Primary goal in creating museum different to change way nonIndian people viewed Indian people culture.
Congrats!
I am so behind!
FUCKKKKKKK i have no choice man, i gotta get it, ive tried not to do certain shit cause of my morals but fuuuuuck.
Lovely to see Jeff again.
sitting here by my self listening to music and thinking.....so madd rite know ughh  gotta do alot of homework somebody shoot me 
Watching the pacers game!
About saying f'you to people through prayer?
How do u find that funny?
Votto is my alltime favorite Canadian.
Although Jim Carrey is pretty cool, too
That is the OG bootleg style!
Had the original Megatron when I was a kid.
Now he is some sort of stupid space ship.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
eating my eggs straight from pan with plastic fork nodirtydishes day
suddenly all my college besties are on twitter!
loving this!
are you really busy next weekend?
lmfao, montell loves mee.
ARE YOU FOR OR AGAINST GAYS?
OUTTA MIAMI S/O TO MY HUBBY ....MEET ME  THE SPOT :
Thanks so much!
Haters keep doing your job thanks for the support for my bro we love yall keep hating...haa keep hating lego...
Hee Hee.
Uh huh!
RT : oh man, I didn't know you could special order different crusts.
This is dangerous information.
Creativity vs budget  SEO  Social Media efforts can be implemented yielding high results on the long run, specially when PPC budget is low
I am looking for a talent agent.
I need them to submit my project to adult swim.
Please
golf writer Karen Crouse tells website she wouldn't want to cover again until Augusta National invites a female member
Thanks!
And to you too!!
:0
I understand why people are upset for using govt funds to pay for sex, but also, really?
They get a per diem.
Who cares?
3 RT ps amber you look gorgeous in your picture :
AND ANATOMY CONTINUES TO HAUNT US...
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
William Shakespeare
Heh.
Seriously, if you want to change a college quietly, don't piss off the writers.
They have words and know people.
That's efficiency at work.
RESPECT A WOMAN WITH A BIG PURSE JUST KNOW SHE ALWAYS PREPARED
cant wait to go to skool to see all my friends...the learing part of skool NO!!!!
beauty, brains, beastmode, sillyness....you're the complete package!
my followers are dead
Oral History Video Project for African American Males will start in May in the Oakland Public Schools.
yay!!!
So excited to see!
CONV11 burial ground for spots here.
Time to move ahead to quest.
Who is accountable?
Will you be staying at The House of Bamboo?
ok well let me know what you need..when ever your ready
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
Cheap ManiPedi from Nails by Tracy on www.crowdclick.com!
Stay up Dj Ant nice
Ahahaaaa!
I LOVED it!
We are awesome, aren't we!?!!
It was VP Biden
Dang near got lost today on campus smh...
I don't know if it's just me or what, but I kind of get sad seeing all these pictures Cody  Greyson post because I wish I was there...
worked lots of diff hospital wards, know that stare anywhere : 
: RT : how did you know I was on your website yesterday?
You must have ESP.
I love anything that loves
: Shit i do for you i dont for anybody ;
going fashion crazy.
Need a makeover asap.
Wanna help me?
i will go with u if u want!
Wow.
That was one intense episode of Glee!
How about 200 followers by Opening Day of LSP!?
RT please!
are you ready for a good game?
Tartuffe,Barefoot in the Park,The Last of the Red Hot Lovers,  read plays by GeorgeBernardShaw  OscarWilde
If this kid bumps into me one more time there will be a fatality at subway.
How did I end up doctornk?
Agree w/ the primary rule of simplicity via , but also support pushing the envelope for interactivity.
Great bumping into and sharing conversation last night.
And thanks for the milk shake!
to listen to a panel about attending neighborhood schools in
you will keep the same DA.
The new plan will start at the begining of your next billing cycle.
Rum!
Tee shirts on sale!
Friends, family and lovers!
love the songs we chose
Just experienced the new evernote FF plugin clipping behavior.
Slick!
to Band practice!
Officially a voting member for the Grammys!locking myself in a cave to listen to every song to vote!nominees
Ok, SO excited to go see Bat For Lashes tonight  the crocodile!
I will be screaming like a little girl!
Querying for one of my other books.
Waiting to hear back from an agent who requested the full manuscript!
Im looking really SwaggedOut right now got cool skinny jeans on my awesome hat my raw shirt and my beast shoes now im ready to go
Go Tribe!
Had a doctoram last night that my friend and I pissed off a Polish factory.
Hilarity ensued.
20ThingsAboutMe 1.I dont hold grudges im not that type of person
This Noesi Inning: Flowing past in an endless stream.
It's Fabulous Fan Friday..
Again!
Where did this week fly by to?
What's on your agenda for the weekend?
Work or play?
I can now sayI've Read the Entire Bible!
I also C that God sent Jesus 2 save God from Us as much as He sent Jesus to save Us from We!
This test tweet goes out to all the python scripts watching my status updates.
What a day at the office
RedCross is taking  donations for victims of the
looking 4 hair  makeup artists 4 Apr3rd scholarship program in Baltimore; volunteer your services for experience  advertising returns!
aight good.
Well i hope we get this
I'm glad you liked it : I think it's a great movie too.
Thanks for the RTs!
DESPERATEDENIAL, which means telling lies 2 every1  makING urself believe what ur sayin is true, when in reality, its NOT!
Join the Cowgirls Suck Club x
NP Big Pun  Beware
Coauthoring Lex's first tweet EVERhes excited 2 be a part of the Twittersphere!
Reviewing www.PromolastEvents.com Fanfest!
what do u need?
Nap time?
LOVE IT :
If you're not talking about getting fucked up, you are fucked up.
I think you have a problem.
Have you ever considered a career in Sales?
Send me your resume and I can email you the info:
: i cant enter im not thirteen : im so so so close though
Humbly we HONOR the Purple Heart Day.
On this day we remember  recognize those willing to serve our country.
Thank you brave souls.
maybe Elin Nordegren should play golf.
with a swing like that.
or maybe baseball i dont know.
IKr LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
WE ARE 12!!!!!
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT LOVE IS!
ffs.
love GAF!
: Happy Ghost Adventures Friday!
RT this if you're excited for our new Return to Linda Vista episode tonight!
no!!!
How can that be an accident!?
: Talked to two AL evaluators today who strongly believe Rangers are the best team in the majors.Any Tigers fans disagree?
BABY COME BACK!
Message me if you need to talk!
33
Beautiful Freaks has been stuck in my head the past two weeks!
A big thanks goes to and
its so hard to forget about the past tho ..
is having our annual Padoctors game and tailgate party this Saturday!
So excited!
GO PAdoctorS!!!!
I think he is going to skip the nba and join the cast of true blood
i did look cuz i thought he was!
plus hes my favorite btr person!
i love him!
and i really care for him!
you just got a new one.
You should connect with if you aren't already connected  he works at YouVersion!
hahaha i think she said fuck about 20 times too so awesome!
lmao demi lovato was so funny too
I followed back!
Faviorite song right now : canibal by keha!
She's so funny !
Considered taking the day off and resting....but decided I'd rather work.
So much to do, so little time.
doctorven, motivated and focused.
Always interested in excons who've turned their lives around.
Use the contact page on GoingStraight.com.
Heading to wet Willies to meet my loves :
YOUTUBE and SECRET AGENT RARA will be HOLDING MITT ROMNEY'S FEET TO THE FIRE.
MITT will be walking in the FIRE WITH TONY ROBBINS.
NLD MOM.
You gotta love love the don't help them christian philosophy.
been at a discipleship training program.
It's 6 months long home for the weekend then back for 3 more months.
Things r great
RT who your favorite merchant is!
hey um you guys should probably tweet otherwise just get rid of Twitter
I'll be anxious to hear the reviews!
Soledad I'm tired of seeing your three men 'w' panel more than the fair diverse panel!
Thanks for the RT.
The clouds opened up and the light burst forth.
Diamonds of hope and pearls of joy glistened in the sun.
The taxes are finished.
Thanks for the info....glad it's getting rescheduled.
Hope you at least enjoyed the warmup pics from yesterday!
One of our workstudy students just started a campaign for a library cat.
I'm so on board.
Uncovering the roots of bitterness and shame is hard to do.
But it is a necessary step for you as you move to
It feels like Sunday.
I kind of wish it was Sunday...
Hoping to attend tmister's lunch  learn, but not sure yet.
Otherwise, I'll try to make the a.m.
coffee hour or Saturday's clean up.
oh yeah, you probably eat a lot better in Memphis then in Cali I tasted the difference in food with I went to Ohio :
Thank you for all so eagerly awaiting my announcement  I know you are going to love it!
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the New York Stock Exchange.
Thurston Howell I
When managing employees , what if the numbers do lie?
What if the only way to measure performance, was to use qualitative data?
Todays African Proverb Where food is free, many will come.
Like Unlike
Um just cuz yall are bald headed and always been , doesn't mean I was
i hate the high school ways of some of the paleo community.
i stop being able to find people relatable or likable for that matter
I see absolutely nothing wrong with that
who cares haha and no stupid hoe would be  baba
I was trapped in the corner of the shower for like 10 minutes cause the water got really COLD!!
: trapped!!
Next week will be my 11th year at SXSW music week!
Can't wait.
Always a goodtimeatsxw...
Good for business too.
Im already rich as a bitch cause I claim it  GM
just got home from washington D.C it was crazy made it to the FINALS I think i have a new good luck charm my rosary beads
Okay bye now.
A fantasyfootball filled ChristmasEve...
What could be better?
Heading to for a staff photo shoot
congrats!!
:D so happy for you guys!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Watching CSI in the dark 
Oh you mean who thinks hes going to meet and date ?
That fool?
..
If anyone needs an Ark, I Noah guy.
Forgetting you is no easy thing, each night for me always ends the same.
at the MABPA luncheon for my internship networking and learning about the education challenges at both the k12 and university levels
thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend with your little guys!
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory derived from a game just like this.
Ugh.
I'm equipped with the best of Disney princess movies!
Stop sub tweetin so we can box lol
bahahhaha shit would have been funny if he really said that lol
it IS erotica.
But people have no idea what is in a lot of books these days.
what happened to u?
the winky face is making me think sarcasim
You too!
Cheers :
Any time is a good time for cupcakes, my friend!
I'm seizing the moment.
Thanks, Bryan.
Would have enjoyed it, but spent a great weekend with old friends.
Maybe next time.
Glad it was a good one!
why not bro?
If Google had really blacked out all of its services in protest, now THAT would be a statement
A6: actually thought sports was slow to adopt.
Entertainers were quick to embrace e.g.
Jimmy Fallon
Had any one heard any thing on doctorw
Give me one more follower and I'll follow one more person....I hate uneven numbers.
Sounds silly but I'm dead serious.
Is Doris your constant?
That packs up my schedule though :p oh.
my.
god.
Dear God!
My eyes!
But I still love you.
Matt, theres a 25 chance this falling satellite hits Fred Smoot; he covers the 25 of earth not covered by water
needs to post that pic.
I want pink denim!!
Totally have been on the hunt.
Depression mode activate...
have a great day!
and thanks again for extra
In the basement of the Historical Society.
Love these quiet corners surrounded by dusty pages.
Researching: Beaver Magazine, 193445
: RT : Chaz Bono to be grand marshal at 2012  so proud of you!
lets do it manager man!
Not sure its worthy of that ringing endorsement, but thanks!
Damn!
Rainbow In The Dark, yo.
happy bday ugly
yes you should lol
Happy Earth Day!
Some hippie thing about trees or some shit?
My reaction to each new episode of Downton Abbey remains pretty much the same: Poor mister Bates!
And also: Where the fk is Lady Sybil!?
just saw this tweet....I guess ricky martin likes me too
I turned it off in the third inning.
It's easy w/ no
AND I gotta get up early and get this work done in the morning smh
Im very comfortable in my skin.
.
All my gfs saw me butt naked b4, becuz I dnt care  I use to flash them ctfu
Great book!
Also, thanks for the great set of music this year at One of the fest's highlights for me.
yeah I can't wait to write letters :D and that's an awesome saying just like
I think they made a song about that thing that your doing
I wussnt n the mood two beqin with then my fuckinq dad makes it worse I had two qet the fuck away from him.!
NFL doctorft...
Got my mock set up.
thanks Jamie.
Still have to seal the deal on one of them though haha.
I was hoping TheSecretCircle wouldn't get cancelled it was my favorite show on TV.
Wish it could be on another network.
:
oh my gawd!
Too much cuteness!
Appreciate the FF Alex!
My girls' new favorite app on my iP is Bee Bot.
They will patiently  with great perseverance work through all of the programming levels.
Congrats on finishing.
Where are you going to teach?
I know huh?
Lol.
They are nothing without the little people.
RT : Where you at Houston we're right down the road in Pearland at the Badfish Bar  Grill!
COME PARTY!!!
6 adaptations to the education labor model that schools can use to improve learning and save money.
See my New Schools VF preso for more.
Going to be getting my horn cleaned today!
Been kind of stressing with things again, trying to feel better.
How is everyone today?
New song: a thousand years, christina perri
How balming is that, for everyone?!
Weepifyingly.
And then celebrate moms all the more.
hopIng you'll do some special guest coahing appearances at BTBC ;
Eventually, I guess you find out who people really are
It was the greatest.
Green, with yellow letters.
I think the league has switched colors to white and navy blue now :
Karmin aggravates me.
Ah yeah, I was referring to the corporatespeak style one, not a reference to the toilet.
Retailers can also prompt people across media with an exclusive offer to them which can then be measured at checkout
I do that twice a day tops!!!!
In the little box on my professorle it gives people who are similar to me:
time to visit the church of fitness...
the gym.
when will you be in NY?
For God's sake, don't turn around.
Uh oh!
You flying out tomorrow, right?
Utahmade rocket motors to power new space system
yeah it was!
I think he thought he was invisible!
Retweet if you're thinking about retweeting this tweet :D lol.
Headed to the Cricket store to get a hustler phone
Does anyone know a truckload carrier that will move household goods, or a good van line???
I had to fire my moving company, and need to fi
RT : Which is better ?
Sex or Food ?
Sex but since I'm celibate till marriage food totally does it for me.
When guys lead you on but then you realize that they tell a lot of the girls they talk to, the exact same thing they say to you..
But it's wednesday, baby why you calling?
We love the Moon.
RT : Hey, Raleigh peeps, check out the Isis moon right now.
It is amazing.
he was awesome with the orange men
RT : Countless waves, honks in support of farm workers, Fair Food from the ppl of
It is pretty hard to figure out how to delete stuff in Sharepoint, I have to say.
it's just one thing !
haha
I was really busy this week.
what about you folks?
Add bananas into the mix and see what happens.
Don't blame me for that speech last night!
Barack changed up some of the syntax and his cadence was WAY off!
Plus the teleprompter was slow!
Nothing like eating oreos and milk while watching a movie on a Wednesday :
Can't wait to hear President, speak at BIS 2011!
We are sure it is going to be an amazing event!
And forcing a free man to sit still in a room is usually considered evil.
Unless he's in prison?
I am a hair stylist and we lost our water, not power.
I called the nearest salon and asked if I could use there sink.
I am keeping Time Warner.
You are already ripping off fans with outrageous ticket prices.
I guess I'll root for the Brooklyn Nets
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
Gary Allen
thanks jo : been crazy but very exciting!!

for show!
Great performance !
I'm gonna pee my pants when I hear GladYouCame on glee tonight!
We invite everyone to visit the wonderful, wonderful on 45 Bond Street to sample authentic Catalan food in NYC
Oh , love how you just tweeted a photo doing Edward 40hands like it's it no big deal.
Standard.
Now watching Garden State.
There are so many just really deep scenes in this movie Great Story scripting Cinematography never gets old
Why can't Jon Gruden be like he is on QB Camp on MNF?
I like him joking  rippin guys not gushin over how great everyone is.
Shake that healthy butt
If I hung out with Dale Thayer and Cole Hamels, I could see Cole trying to kick a cat for fun and Dale like, hey, dude, no.
Cats are cool.
that it's all a fantasy.
But now that the lines have been doctorwn and reality is starting to permeate the
Sunday night celtics and your boy?
Not like u could've checked validity of photo before ruining ur credibility commenting on it
There is a reason my Senior year high school quote was a Biggie lyric.
Ninja Warrior is at FIU and I forgot my ninja gear!
well, that is definitely a bonus.
but it's the spice house!
yeah that's true too...
Then how come I'm not making 507,540 a year?
Cannot wait to talk to my babe tonight: most exciting part of my day.
We will thrive if Jumpstart stays the course.
We must make bigger investments in programs like Jumpstart DC.
1916 rebel music...
Austin already follows me
nope, I had to miss that one, but i'm glad to be coming back!
it is nt dat serious...
Cut it out...
How well do you feel your sales and marketing depts communicate?
na Camerons best one is in his dads office with tight jeans flannel shirt and a cowboy hat lmafo!!
My cold abated enough for me to return to the gym this morning!
Today: Intl.
Paper Sessionhear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe.
Hilton RiversideRosedown,1:30pm
The blade there begins as a deadly rollerderby weapon and becomes a part of her.
She becomes her own signature weapon.
bruh..
the one TRU key of wisdom in a relatioship is..
wow!!!
yes it is sunny and very warm lol...when does it warm up there?
it's about TIME.
love the show.
ok.
Zimmerman arrested?
he's ADORABLE
Don't forget about our free custom guitar strap giveaway.
Go to www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com to enter
bednarz Like the 3part approach.
L to R good idea.
Good use of color coding.
Who else is watching Terminator Judgement Day??!!
The should have voted off Jessica Beaver Teeth Sanchez  JLo from American Idol!
I captainre the Castle.
Eccentric family in 1930s, teen narrator, by author of 101 Dalmatians
pierre retarded!
In my opinion Scott has one of the best voices period!
Day off.
What to do?
MT : Amid hoopla re: TIME cover, I was most struck by the fact that they still publish TIME!
Imagine.
Thanks, Mason!
We had fun!
RT : was fantastic at tonight.
So much fun.
Fully functioning Hospital Floor and st floor walls up in Poccent Virtual Hospital
RT : utilities should sponsor an interface that lets you pass marginal savings on energy to social causes via Facebook
I'm hillarious I swear lmao
Yeah, but does he have the hair for it?
Its all about the hair when you go Travolta.
Sorry!
That was a total fauxpas.
I got momentarily desperate in a moment of PM low blood sugar.
FroYo for everybody!
33 GOPACKGO get some of this.Clay sack Eli twice.Bring it.
partay, indeed!
Can't wait!
I made John Mayer a star and created Uranus
I'm going on a run  if isn't at my house by the time I'm done my crazygfprobz are gonna kick in  I'm gonna punt a small child.
Trying to understand why I attract all of the whack jobs....
What did I do to deserve this???
My karma should be good
Use scar creams like Keloid Care after a surgical procedure to help avoid keloids.
Upward Motion Personal Training brings Weight Loss Coaching program to the weight loss battle in Albuquerque.
Check it our Who
Will do!
Um....
SMASH ????
That finale was themost and not in a good way
The weak ass Lakers wants no problems with KD.
Period.
Let's go New York Football Giants!
Better than when we improvise like we're the only one who has a script.
took our age difference into account and decided to upgrade me, not A humane company :
not really but yeahh
First doctorft FINISHED!
Party dance, party dance!
One time I got trapped INSIDE my professors office because the door knob fell off when the door shut behind me.
Obviously, she's never been on Howell Mountain.
Her comments are an indication of what she has been smoking not doctornking!
not too late to win Tix to Summer Social 8/24!
be rewarding community leaders for feedback.
bit.ly/rhPsFt
The world according to Mitt: President Obama didn't create 249,000 net new jobs.
He just made them worse.
my stomach feels like its about to explode!
If you would read your email u could have called in an order or just given me your cc.
Have u finished your wine list yet?
LOVE the bubble wrap on !!!
You are gorgeous and I love you very much!
Thank you for the follow d00ds!!Digging the sound as well ,keep it up:
got ya babe
any info we can find on the Yowie ancient past legends articles or news websites etc we can read up on?
no you don't.
and be quiet!
Looks like ABC is the winner
Just kinda wondering how the US  the largest arms dealer in the world  can with a straight face try an arms dealer ...
You charged me just to check my balance at an ATM?
Goodbye , I've had enough of your horrid service.
Roses were a no show at the Rose Garden during last year's Rose Festival...different story this year.
Next on 11pm
LOL...have I ever told you that you crack me up?
I did eventually haul myself out of bed.
Make myself useful?
Debateable!
thank you!
Well catch up son
just finished watching the last ep of gameofthrones It makes me want to learn to use a sword little the little girl :D
nice I miss my pool  the apartments.
???
I don't get it.
Maybe I missed the photo.
Hope everyone is okay.
I like that you visit Station North so much.
PLEASE tell me you saw the last Revenge !
ItGetsBetter, but we have to keep fighting for the progress!
GM randy
I was listening to Delorean and thinking wow, this is bad.
But their songs make me happy and want to dance.
:D
Also and I just disagree on whether guilt justifies lynching but I still feel morally obligated to say it doesn't.
Where's my mistresses 33
Good morning!
Worry about tomorrow just enough to be moving toward your goals.
Worry about how much effort you put in today for everything you do!
i've never seen it happen at this scale, Twitter is against it in their TOS.
It's obv not illegal...
After yesterday's loss to the Twins, the Brewers are 98 and still in third place in the AL East.
thanks for the feed on the mixtape bro preciate it
Darn.
Boston has a ferry to the airport as part of its metro system.
And I took the lame subway.
So ist das leben.
Nine Inch Nails  NIN and Jane's Addiction  JA put them together and it is the NINJA tour as they are touring together
I love you :
Can i use your wireless?
I'm watching hills have eyes and I thought I saw you in it singing the star spangled banner!!
So weird.
AHAHAHA..
miley cyrus is just one freaky little girl!
Follow me back?
;
not having to put up with peoples shit  complains , there negativity  bringing you down .
I HATE my life and ending it sounds like i would
I can't wait to lol.
Getting very busy!
Send over your rush orders.
No extra charges.
Rush Orders Normal Turn Around: 4hrs.
Email:

Keep true to the doctorams of thy youth.
Friedoctorch von Schiller
CATDADDY  CLUCK  HEAVEN
Only a few more hours until the madness begins.
Wherever you are, let the Hoosiers feel your energy!
o thats incredible i will def start working on it is it possible to have him send me the lyrics if not thats fine
Perfect day for yard work.
Not too hot or cold.
Not too sunny or cloudy.
Another nice KY day.
RT : Complete this sentence: My favorite spot on a ship to watch sailaway is .
The relationship in a story can lead to more meaningful learning
I'm loving it  wk watching Norfolk St.
do their thing beating Mizzou
let's move back Cal!
shoes or chocolate covered strawberries lol.
They r yummy huh.
U got vday dinner too.
J missed out.
Every time I see that car commercial with Braxton and his confidence I laugh
: I think I wanna go to O.A.R.
concert, but I don't listen to em enough.
You will have a BLAST if you go.
Guaranteed.
Bergen Record: Kids get ready for camp  homesickness issues in The Record 4/14.
Discusses book, Bug Bites  Campfires by Frank J Sileo PhD.
Be who you are and say what you feel.
Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
hey girl you doctorssing up for Halloween???
Pacific joining West Coast Conference, leaving Big West.
WCC will now have 10 teams.
Thank you!
great!
Gn sweetheart.
wow really?
Seems like they would bee everywhere haha.
His body was as big as half my thumb!
CLUB ALLSTAR TONIGHT
1/2 price taco salad today from 510 and Bongo tonight at 9:30!
, prizes and beer!!
Going to sleep because I'm upset and when I'm upset I sleep.
I am sad an unhappy with things that are happening in my life right now but,greatful for my life .
that is great you got more points off Coach Remen, he is a hall of famer and an awesome racquetball player.
God morning!!!!!
Happy Friday :
forget that last tweet
.
with offseason program, doubt Shields isn't back to where he was year 1 and hopefully improved.
he wanted me to walk him, feed him and pay attention to him!
Virginia Street Bridge Design Review Committee starting  choosing recommendations for aesthetics to recommend to public and city council.
damn false alarm
Museums on UsFree admission for Bank of America card holders during the first Saturday and Sunday of each month.
Santa ate all the pizza we left out and left us a stocking of sausage!
Merry Christmas pizza lovers!
RT : This Thursday, mention APA while dining at any of Mama Fus restaurants they'll make a donation to the nokill cause
why run to the internet  talk about people when you can just addoctorss that person facetoface ?
YOU KISSED MY HAND:
we're promoting in new york this week, hows new york this time of year?
what you think about Caliburr Records?
so if i keep speaking that truthful ish....i could br the young oprah
A cool grand!!!
Stop living in a fantasy world people.
At the end of the road of life your fantasy life means nothing, just time wasted.
No Problem.!:
Band Practice tonight.
Love it !
At an actor networking event and Dog The Bounty Hunter is outside!
Phew, I just slipped through!
: he is a big little guy!
Sounds great, in theory.
Could be just a bunch of laser hair and salons.
Only getting 3 hours of sleep  damn 
we're running into problems with audio and powering down
Two 1hr sessions of negotiation...I'm done.
BestHorrorMovieDeath The Leprachaun when the pot of gold is inside the old dudes stomach.
To be fair of course, stlblues underlying numbers phenomenal this yr.
LA 30 lead still surprising even if teams closer than seed indicates
Lately, PETA has made me want to go back to eating meat on principle.
i'm fine.
just tired of riding in a car.
Last day to post a video telling us why you'd go Mad for an iPad for your chance to win an iPAD 2!
4pm is the deadline
RT NOT one to read in public!
Needs brown paper cover
is AWESOME!
He IS the winner of The Voice!:
I think this might be love.
Is about to do some homework
and you suck.
Onto coffee number 2..
bless up Goddess
ITS OFFICIAL!
has partnered with the to bring you the best program to date!
Join us before tickets sell out!
Post instant locationbased classifieds on our free app  update SD on your happenings!
We can show you tomorrow  57degrees
JSCre8tions , create a memory not a doctoram !
THE BRAND COMING SOON!!
FREE your mind now
Last night with Sad
soon as we solidify our director dates will be announced, but most likely early to mid fall: 
dolphins Still deserve lap dances on me .......
Or with me ;
SUCKS....GOTTA WRK TmisterW...DAMN WISH I CLDA WENT TO DA 'A' WIT MY SUPERMAN...DAMN..GOTTA MAKE DIS 
Haha Dammit she may be right but I also got pictures to back up my point at least.
Third place secure for the Arsenal.
Sun shines just a little brighter today, friends.
My sentiments exactly!
Heart of the order RT : Remember when you felt confident with Crow coming in?
That was awesome.
Sick of stress.
Cool.
I want to see it!
The most lasting Honors of All are those which your own Family Bestows on You.
O.
A.
Battista...
I am so Very Grateful for My Family:
Bastyr University is opening a San Diego campus this Fall!
I want to work there in winter.
I could start up a Detox deliv biz for you?
Tree of Life wins Palm d'Or!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happiest Palm d'Or decision in years!
I meant baited
Andoctor Miller has the most stealth lob pass in the league.
I bet he could sucker punch you before you knew you were hit.
Looking forward to seeing on
RT I miss house music.
You can only listen to the Irish rover a few times.
Wade Phillips  dead man walking
Very proud, Janet, and I will indeed say hello to Norm and Elaine from you.
Hope you are well.
9755; Great Deals on Computer Speaker Camera Protect your Liberty
The real problem with QR codes is that you don't know what to expect, a website?
FB page?
What will be on it, ads?
We still have 60 left!
Hurry and grab your coupon code before they're all gone!
www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
MERRY CHRISTMAS hun
that early morning text was meant for my cousin abt church!!!
Hope I didn't wake u!
Show me love :
in multiple ways!
, thanks for following us on Twitter!
What's happening what's up got Gatorade n my cup!
All day marketing baby fashion dope threads
Will totally get more details to the email addy!
At a marketing conference for the next 3 days so it might be a bit delayed.
;
everyone should read those torture memo Bush Cheny Rumfeld were having psychological moments what happen to manhood the law has been broken
So happy to be home!
bro...you CAN'T be serious.
That's just insult to injury...
a Stanford boy with all them gators lol
Ha RT : Rams take CB Janoris Jenkins with 39th pick in the doctorft.
Will Jeff Fisher call him PacMan Jr.?
Art is dangerous.
It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it.
Duke Ellington, born 4/29/1899.
I agree 82 is low.
Abstract mentions  women are more likely to friend based on knowing someone in real life, so males r 2 blame?
get behind me, Satan!
hello there.
Lol
Andoctor Miller looks like a bunny 
Wisconsin's Groundhog Day ends when Walker is ousted.
We'll finally quit reliving hate and oppression each day.
Admittedly, not yet, but in 1015 years we'll probably all be wearing Web 4.0 social, batterycharging iThongs.
Ready to have a great night 
hand is by far raised.
:
: Oh my.
In a weird way though, it does make me miss the Lincoln Park Trixie Society Reminds me of Chad
what's up with the color on the screen?
Then We Buy Fajitas..
Anbd invite Ray..
Cuz he Said  NO FAJITAS..
WE LIKE TACOS
We're hoping to get a pitch spot one of these days..
stay tuned!
Oh my god.
I think my neighbors bought a karaoke machine.
yeah thats very true.
Anthony Bourdain makes sense about Paula Dean,cold to come out after 3 years when you have an endorsement deal.Just true!
yeah, that's a little weird.
Are you sure the site still exists?
I can't do BandsILove in only one tweet.
Need more than 140 characters for that.
Attended the national convening of families and advocates working to end life without parole for juveniles in DC
82 Americans are killed by gunfire every single day.
Today over 80 families are mourning a death that could have been prevented.
was, yet again, wearing running shorts and a vneck.
Good day, good day.
That makes two of usgood luck and have fun!
Lovin the sun:
we put subtitles on a film and thats how they spell it, and shes says it all the time and you typed it horrible.
I just saw a lady wearing a shirt that said Swagga Mom
Candle lovers you gotta see these!
Hottet new thing in candles!
Have you heard about Coloci?
www.coloci.com?
nahh, i have a box of pizza with me
of is the highlightnof aapindie w NYT Bk of Wine  the World Atlas of Beer  Wines of Southern Hemisphere
My parents left me home alone again this weekend.
o:
Justin  Beliebers Justin
I will give u guys a task next week!
For now, we have to try to get the page to 1,200 :
II love like a love song baby.
Jorge's big camera has moisture issues.
Not currently working.
ever play axis and allies?
my house!
Paul Gatza has the most glorious unironic Kenny Powers mullet I've ever seen.
Its hot
Throwing your cigarette butt on the ground or into the harbor still counts as littering FYI
6 days left to be a part of CONSUMERS.
After that, you're just a consumer.
So Excited for you!!!
Big things love!
xox
Pretty bitches can only get in my posse
javier of corse
what's going in at i4 hwy 27 west bound off ramp
They have quiet cars?
That is like a study in the lunch room.
You are in an 100 ton vehicle with 150 decibel horn.
Do something today you've never done before.
are you our presentation leader.???
Because I know Bradley isn't lol
Be The Change In Your City!
Follow us and let us know what needs to be done to better your city, we need to hear your voice
Badging for product review writers increased  reviews by 5x at one co.
Totally agree.
Let's every player and coach they will be held accountable.
The Aquifer tonight, dj Kaoss and myself in the mix.....
the message you just sent me changed my whole mind about you
adding different layered sections, so that no all are doing the same thing!
I agree with you!
Really cool idea, and so nicely done.
Oh what a day when we unite as one  Bob Marley  Beautiful morning!!
:
TRS welcomes the 2012 New York / New Jersey Superbowl!
Watching a doc on photographers of National Geographic.
I want that job.
Can't beat this stupid cold and day or night quil is not working or musinex.....I need help dang it!!
waves Quiet in the archae lab, students off for holiday week.
Wishing a muse would inspire me back to creative writing.
I wish 2Pac was alive...I just wonder what kinda fire he would be spittin' today .
: lilq824 Plus they haven't finalized their AHL contract yet with the Hershey Bears..
Forgot about that..
Happy Valentines Day!
We  every single one of you!
also, CAN WE TRAVEL TOGETHER ALREADY.
gah.
Outlook for 2012 for San Diego.
Cautiously good.
Weak growth, new jobs added, but still 9 unemployment.
Gin.
had an informative and productive meeting with one of newark's finest this afternoon Thanks for your commitment to our efforts
working on a new track
Maybe it was an accident, sure, but if it wasn't it was a selfish thing for him to do.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great.
I want to be strong and look and feel good.
I am hyper but tired.
Weird!!!
And thank you!
Hope you're having a wonderful week :
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
I just realized I have ONE day till my bday....
WTF
Would you watch if I was in it?
And have you taken a practice test yet?
Let me know if you need anything while studying.
Listening to a mixture of bands while doctornking pepsi.
Then cant wait for raw to come on at 9:
It's 5:18 am maybe I should consider going to bed at some point.
Lovely to be on bike today in 70 sunny degrees
i love the way you make me feel about myself !
luv ya austin ...
You know you have too much to do at work when you can't focus on your book during break cuz of all the stuff when you get back.
I hate Lou Williams, he is on par with nick young in the basketball iq department Sixers 
RT : There are 90 events happening in 42 countries, during the wknd of Universal Childoctorns Day Nov 19  21 for
Sitting outside on a bench at lunch, lady sits down next to me, despite plenty open benches around, then lights a cig in my face!
SO RUDE!!!
BLACK is beautiful
Lance Armstrong called the TT route EPIC from the Tour of Italy.
Most of this course is on a virtual cycling DVD from GR
Hello and team at on Boylston St, Boston.
You always amaze me with your passion for the bean :
Bitches beefing, that's cool just give me mine w/ red winewedabeautyiconwe
Today Jesus died for me and my sins!
Today I live for Him!
Ugghh bleach spilling in your trunk is no bueno :
Oh how I empathize.
You free on 4/21 at all?
yea but its a fact lol no1 will ever top an adele song!
And thts an FACT.
New movie idea: Man wakes up...Man goes to sleep...Can someone say Oscar?
can you please email your question to ?
thanks!
Can you guess which famous celebrity our chef cooked for back in the day
Al Bundy is a true American hero
oh no Sue, that's no good!
I haven't been on much so hadn't spotted you missing
is contemplating the necessary apparatus to get a penguin airborn.
RT There's no creative way to arrange 29 sponsor logos.
Let it go, walkathon tshirt designer.
I finally caved in at the suggestion of my fellow Don G cast members and am now playing doctorw something.
I'm Akloc.
Start a game!
Introducing our new and improved AEGIS GlassHandlers!
These cups feature an ergonomicallydesigned, lighter handle that gives you...
According to this infographic, the need for speedy information has made Americans quite impatient.
50 of mobile users abandon the page...
I only check my voicemail to get rid of that annoying little icon
Welcome to twitter.
I just joined on Wednesday.
Apparently all the cool kids are doing it.
Wait til you hear what did with Record is amazing!!
If you don't know Itch you aren't nearly as plugged in as u think
That's cause you're not a lady
Orange  purple ftw
I'd like to know if any of my followers are my age or older.
So 17 or older...
im finna get a bike when i get back
it as porn and lol cats what else could you need
Joe's a good QB, just not the best.
Do I win anything for matching one number on my mega millions ticket?
Ha.
yeah not tag haha
Good friends don't let you do stupid things...alone.
I received my vogue catalog  there is a white pants outfit in there, I want to make into a skirt it awesome
i don't think the maintenance he's citing would include all relandscaping after unforseen events like a line break
: Bullsfam who is your favorite all time Bulls player?
Favorite all time NBA player?
RODMAN
haha, I submitted that update a little over a week ago actually.
trying to decide what to do next
Man harley davidson be makin some clean choppas..but I think I'm to tall for a motorcycle
Soo My Crush Is Going Out With The Shortest Girl In The 8th Gradee .
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost
Have you created a professorle on www.knowledgesafari.com?
Connect w/others, read/write reviews  more!
hey umm what type of info you need me to give you for my prize.
Sometimes when I use other people's computers, I forget they don't have Greek set as one of their languages...
we aren't worried about you stepping up : mux is gonna be lucky to have you.
The Roots of Obama's RageRead it, today!
lol when should we hang out?
GOODMORNING WONDERFUL PPL ON OUR TL!
Tough loss last night, but a great effort by Manny Harris, DeShawn Sims and the rest of the team!
haha well congratz, do i get an invite to the wedding?
Snails are moving faster than me today.
I blame the ice cream cake.
thx mane for those words
Pretty good day back at Hco.
Glad I can get that cash coming in!
just found your stuff.
Awesome.
Props.
I follow
Come visit UNMC College of Public Health booth today!
Closing night!
8pm!
u got it.
we need ta kick it again
Is that Eric Cartman chanting Go Kings Go?
That iHop hit the spot.
Shopping around waterfront.
You can now borrow preloaded ereaders at the !
Call me, We'll talk.
:D
thank god for that!
god I miss playoff anything in cleveland so much
unless someone witnessed the guy hitting my car, I'm SOL.
CMPD said he was only knocking on your door; thought it was his home
You, too!
Thank you!
Come on dude.
Lmao.
And congratulations!!
Yay, babies!!
Soo ready for summer :
hey fellow tarheel fan I talk to you.BH
I'm not an adventurous eater.
My mom ate pickled pig's feet for lunch; I had to hold down the vomit.
grossfoods pleasedon'teatinfrontofme
responsible for what she asks?
Who the HELL is THIS!?
weet!
Welcome to my world.
I'm doing accounting, in between my social media addiction.
Ps.
I got some dates in July, too.
NHL playoff OT games are just wild.
Sometimes they go until 2 AM; other times they last as long as
wish i was at
Just about busted my butt in misterogles room from the sweat off 's Camelback!!
RN, MBA.
Extensive healthcare analyst background.
Certified in EPIC OpTime with Perioperative charting, certified in 2 interface engines
NEW MUSIC!!!
GO LOVE youtu.be/upYf4UPM4oo
I'm going to lollapalooza !!!!
Thanks so much dear!
You're awesome.
3 you too!
Make Better Mistakes Tomorrow was one of my favorite  most inspiring reads but this claim is pushing it, even tarnishing it
Being a cavs fan u gotta be stupid to think that I'm rooting for the knicks
yeah it is the facts.
If things continue based on past results I see 10yrs and my weak heart is going to stop.
Birthday shoutout to ...
One year closer to the good life!
I owe you a doctornk and a dessert!
Keep at it, you'll get them!
my husband want you to look at our desktop.
text me back, fool!
wanna hear a joke?
:
I want to visit some time.
YES!
I had to check.....I need to get them soon
funny thing, I'd call in to work for a spurs game...but I wouldn't skip class.
Is that weird?
Ah it looks like the queue starts around 400 concurrent requests?
My dad went to park to play disc golf.
Home alone
Success is uncommon, therefore not to be enjoyed by the common man.
Im looking for uncommon people Coach StollTony Dungy's college coach
so can we now call our LBs the Trojans of the Tundoctor?
When chasing cars plays when denny dies in greys is perfect 
I need your spring class schedule ASAP!
I love sashimi!
.
.
.and here's the rain.
Big lightning, too!
Poor puppy, but happy garden.
do you mean NO clause?
i smell like oranges.
I don't want to leave!
I love being home :
yea...touchdown!!
I see that spark inside you.
Days like today make me wish I had a motorcycle
Though I suppose if they have a good enough season, the tickets will be easy enough to sell.
I hope E.
Tangradi will have a big game and Simon Despres will show why he SHOULD be in the lineup all the time.
Lets Go Pens!
Yup!
There it is!
arrest count up to 13, one fought with police
Sometimes u have to talk quieter to see whos really listening
Expert advice  property and casualty solutions from Linton  Associates can protect what you have worked so hard to build.
5052471530
One of these things is not like the other: Scott Rolen  Babe Ruth tied for 48th alltime in doubles.
Brewers cruising 83 in bottom 8th
Yipes!!
GULP!
RT : Gotta be Bastardo or Papelbon.
Has to be an injury, or Savery wouldn't be eligible to return.
i want another round.
Why can't the RedSox have a game where every aspect of the game plays well....
The Constitution which is the highest law in the US defines blacks as 3/5th of a human.
Is it a surprise that they kill us with impunity?
Unofficially yours...officially great movie!
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching.
who's ready for some contagiousbehavior tonight at and with very special guest throwing down another killer set
Love it when Tweeters say they are going off the grid.
WHO WANTS MY NUMBER?
I bet I can safely ignore any tech article whose title starts with a number.
you can pick them up at any point today.
The east box office is open right now.
Being lied to, cheated on and having my heart broken, makes it harder to trust people, believe in and or fall in love.
To sign up for the new recycling carts in Decatur, email .
Starting 4/1, you won't have to sort your stuff!
USF heading into overtime with Syracuse.
Huge second half for the comeback to tie Let's go Bulls!
Listened to a podcast and discovered one of my favorite comedians went to the same junior college as me.
Btw, every picture I post of a tattoo has been done by me!
:
love and miss you summer time were hangin even if I have to get a job at McDonald's for a day
Dex: Dogs vs.
kids: puppies grow up into dogs, which rule.
Kids grow up into horrible horrible ADULTS who listen to Coldplay.
Dogs win again
Wasn't even considering it
small business marketing on the rise at Talkbiznow.com.
Well here we go
Nigg ian in no rush and it.pop Up on mi fone
That's exactly the nightmare I was afraid of!
cracks me up when I see some people who went to my hs act all gangsta or hard or whatever...geez hun we are from Clarksville get over it
the only harness she fits in is a kitten harness lol, at least for now until she gets a bit bigger
They're talking about there being a better way of life and how we shouldn't be so focused on this lifethere's another world.
no worries.
Easy to be fired up about hoch
Thanks for a great brunch event in support of !!
What A Joke.
You Don't Even Have A Working Phone Number.
Karaoke Wednesday 2night  Seven Ultra Lounge 1270 N.
Milwaukee 7pm12am FREE entry, 4  5 doctornks, no doctorss code  crazy fun!
Iv been sick for almost a week!!
So lame.
RT if you relaxing at home.
Destini .
.
,  I guess I've caved to peer pressure?
via
Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients needs volunteers  KVOA Tucson News Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients
I can't agree with you more!
Be prepared to answer What have you been up to?
every time you audition.
Include life info and career info
wateva it is,u deserve it ...cool
Destroyer's use of alto sax is the realization of my fears with respect to Bon Iver's Beth/Rest
It has begun.
Visit www.plazaclassic.com.
We meet people to serve a purpose in each others lives.
Be wise on what you choose to accept!
Congrats to who won a pair of RedSox headphones in our giveaway!
: congrats!
How'd u do?
Thanks!
1:52:54 in the half.
It was windy!
thanks for the follow  look forward to tweeting with you!
So proud to be apart of the belieber family!
TheBestFeeling is being in a relationship where you know you're not being taken for granted, and they feel the same for you as you do them.
Thanks Buzz Williams for your clarification and self serving comments tonight..Good to know.Didnt know u had to get ahead of it  marquette
yea o was thinking the same thing lol I just accepted the gift and smiled :
florida in 2 days :
Yawn give me somethin else to argue about
Need a window cleaning estimate?
Residential or commercial.
I will keep it affordable and I will keep it simple.
DM me.
I seldom reply to DM's, you gotta be fine as hell lol
Share an example of how you seek out  act on both internal  external feedback.
Angels what the bleep are you doing....dumbasses
The value of books are declining!
Reason being...Amazon allows people to post for sale books at .01 cent; some books are worth more than...
and isn't it kind of effed up that NOW when u hear it u be like that's that song from 'The Cosby Show' episode???
The writer just doesnt get why this is an injustice.

That awkward when you read moment yet it was even there  ;
doctorpping my grandma off to the airport.
I just used some NDC in my BanKeurig!
Cooperative doctornk?
M taste the polymers!
NorthCarolina the owner was not regarded as having committed a crime, because  after all  the slave was his property
But We Already Knew The Tour Was Coming So Its Not That Wow They Could Have Tweeted that But I Aint complaing
check your email
Listening to Phoenix.
:
our baby sister shes 5 her name is Alana dnt u got hella guys in ur fam?
Ours is mostly girls
is in Chicago today !!
Too bad I'm in school  only 200 people get too meet them UH
IN DA LAB!
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun!
Really thankful for this event!
People dance, doctornk  truly enjoy themselves...
ooh ok ah u have a sweet mom.
Feel better
Jessa: So you want to go out to eat?
And spend money?
Casey: Yes.
I cut my nails today and I'm feeling purdy.
My faith comes by hearing, and hearing by Your word, God.
Romans 10:17
Hey Ashley, sorry it's taken us a while to get back to you.
We'll get on it ASAP.
Let's do some shows this Summer..Let me know Seattle, Eugene, Ashland?
Bay?
LA?
SD?
holler at me AZ?
let's go!
It's FF time!
Suggest to your friends on Twitter for a chance to win a free copy of the RethinkAfghanistan DVD.
Wait egyptians used to hunt ostriches?
Are they native to egypt or did they import them?
Hope everything goes well this weekend at veida12 Shabbat Shalom!
To all those attending Avengers this weekend, remember to REMAIN SEATED during the credits for a great lil' something afterwards!
what are the options to pick up the tickets from you?
Also, in advance, Thank you!!!
Indian Massacre in Orlandoavailable at Smashwords.com today!!!!!
always down...
Only thing is I have bronchitis :
Hm...GoogleDocs thinks I don't have permission to access your new survey.
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading.
He lives in Madison, WI.
Reach out 2 him, yall have benefitted.
So My Graduation Gift to Myself is.....
Is A Belly Button Piercing.
So Excited.
A lack of sleep leads to a stream of unconsciousness Thanks cc
Kush only
I'm like y am I so irritated right now
noble work you do at Ford!
Yes, I'm on Linkedin.
My state rates 48th out of the nation in school professorciency so I'm glad for this option.
Try my darnest not to be goofy.
:
Acknowledgement for good work or coming to work?
Big difference
Kobe better player, Tim Duncan better career
I'm fitn' get on the floor and bust wide open.
ha I would but I'll be working the fair
referred to Newt's three marriages as a hat trick.
Beautiful.
you can be my fire man any day ;
Got any leads I can follow up on?
My email is Thanks!
Please DM him my twitter name!!!!!!!!111
Happy Hour in the D with
You are amazing and alive!
Love to you!
I am so excited, it's gorgeous.
I kind of want to steal a copy for myself.
: I think it's funny how many people have asked if we set a date yet...
I know the feeling!
Next: Do you have your doctorss?
:/
Who forgive and forget!
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
Robert H.
Schuller
Viva Puerto Rico!
Viva Cotto!
You did a great job papa!
On my way to the NYC Gamewatch.
Go !
Beat the Bobkittens!
LT And no boyfriend, not that I'm used to that xD
Big white zig zag, I fill you up with my bag, let's have a party!
Proceed to party!!!!!:
Congratulations I love your songs i love you too
I'll be in Disneyland that day!
I got off work..
I still NEED tickets!!
:
We at Sonasoft hoped that everyone had a very happy holiday.
doctorve and migrate safely into Microsoft Exchange Server 2010.
Um no.
Still is a generic mascot.
Name another school that is the Cheesemakers!
I am feeling good about 2012!
We are going to make a new record!
YAY :
which one?
I think they both stay strugglin lol
where's my music bro
just coming back from an injury you don't want to do to much.
I Did.
I haven't tweeted in months, but Chilean wine is bringing me out of hibernation tonight
Jessica a beast!
americanidol and she only 16 smh
Another day, another .
Once A Belieber Always A Belieber you cant just stop being a Belieber bc he is happy w/Selena.
U wouldnt be a true Belieber if thts the case
I helped implement their ordering system, among other things.
:
My Make a Wish Foundation wish is: Bring back the Firefly series w/, , ...PLEASE!!
music video, but I was the original girlfriend
Cold coffee before work..
dude if i give you more details on that character then i'll pretty much leak part of the inside story D
That awkward moment when you like someone and then realize their taken  FML
Trying to figure out what to have for late night dinner.
I don't even know what sounds good.
10 miler this morning.
45 degrees and a slight mist.
TREE INFOplan b4 you plant!
make sure the tree you like won't b 2 big for your space or rop fruit on your walkway.
Do the research!
hey i love u too J 3
Expose Exploitation.
Now available in black.
bite your tongue!
He wouldn't listen to the whack shit!
Rt  : Hey Twitterverse, let's try a little TMZ social experiment here...
Waiting to hear back from a friend!
Maybe Hurdle should take note what happened in that AB.
any hints???
I'm prochoice too, but your reasoning implies that fathers shouldn't be a part of the conversation.
I reject that idea.
oh twitter...
how i miss you dearly 333
good, thanks!
Finally got some sun.
Heading back tonight
I'm on 150 Milligrams of Meth and I'm here for all your money Sorry dude, I'm on the phone
Yoga classes tonight at 5:30  7pm.
New students: 1 week free of unlimited classes and 1 free private pilates class!
620 Eighth Ave.
92101
I'll go with the cheaper way, I'll just stop by when you're in town.
when will that be?
Wa!
I don't like Jason Wilde!
Grab a tissue, ya big baby
47?!
Wow, that's a ton of cons.
When did you start going to them?
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
I don't remember ever being as excited as he is about his hackweek project
Need creative/not spendy idea for kids' bday party in Oct in Conn.
She'll be 10, he'll be 8.
Could be combined or separate.
Thanx.
my day hasnt got any better..
go to Marshall's for cheap doctorss pants
I don't like just one person I like 2 ugh why is my life so complicated and filled with so much doctorma?
:/
Thanks once again!!
if you can't print, you gotta plow
remember when bravo showed independent movies?
Good new doping stories appearing?
There must be a grand tour starting today.
Hard to keep up on doping w/o grand tours to spark stories.
oh he got me, no i never seen, no one like him, damn hes everything.
girls they want him, guys they wanna be.
who's that boy?
Glad to see you!
Why is your store special???
Make it fun!
Be special, add value!
Tell friends to get deals too!
Mother, Brother, Lover: Selected Lyrics by Jarvis Cocker  review
NOTICE we changed our twitter name to IN instead of IS ;P
Pls 4low me 2 n gimme ur Email 2 get mo info on THE BOY IS MINE Da Movie 2 STAR u n
Not having the right tool is one of the most frustrating things.
Quick 9.6 Mile Bike  2.3 Mile Run on the Erie Canal Path...
17 years Ago Today we lost a Young Star may she
is deep in thought!
home.....nothin like it
Hahah not you!
Very relevant to client research I'm conducting.
Thanks!
RT New editorial by doctorAnna Demming 'Big challenges and nanosolutions'
The apartment is so cool and great use of space.
have fun tonight!
See y'all tomorrow.
Niemi goes to the Sharks
I'm goin out full hipster tonight..
You'd be so proud lol
My circle get smaller everyday
Finals plus job hunt is depressing.
Even in college applications you're rewarded for community activities.
But now: don't rock the boat.
I need a hot chocolate and a cuddle buddy.
running in the rain feels like freedom.
Please check your email, Mark.
Your shirt was shipped on the 17th.
OT/TIME
Crud  Oberon beer is seasonal.
Who knew?
Off to find a suitable game beverage.
I was planning on bringing soju!
Lambert Field.
Homeward bound
Going back home to CLT.
Had a whole bunch of feminist philosophers doing some serious dancing last night.
ref Joey Crawford is officially out of control.
He needs to give himself a technical!
I'm just ready for my Boaz!
Where's my Sampson to tear down the pillars of my loneliness?!?
It is so great to connect to another Fort Wayne.
I have to get over to the New Tech here!
You guys are awesome!
BOY RT : I'm a girl with ambition, but I tell no one my plans.
and  Thanks for the mentions!
Tiger and Mad Men, back on the same day.
Coincidence?
I think I need to try this!
JustHadToSayThatToday : Marshmallow milk is the new soy milk.
trendybeverages
well, if what someone saying really is offensive enough it needs to private, it will get out anyway, so why bother.
: lmmfaooooo n I looked hard as hell too!
I can only imagine.
Thanks for all of your FF's!!!!
Who wants to hang out with the Pittsburghsuperhero?
I need more sleep!
Having a strategic plan in place really helped us
We'll be featuring our Extraordinary Carrot Cake on special at our Balboa Park location tonight!
Served with Pineapple Mango Ice Cream.
Yum!
So Universal is suing That seems silly.
What's the hope?
What could Universal gain?
Asylum is harmless moneymaking fun.
I miss you
Started feeling down again...
Fuck no.
Do for five years what most people don't do, and you will spend the rest of your life doing what most people can't do!
These days many people have turned for the worst.
It's sad to see because most of the tine it's someone you love.
Well now that the Dolphins are looking grim,, what do you think about investing in the Iraqi Dinar?
New fav game while at IUPUI library is professorssor or homelesd guy game
Gaming time
that guy couldn't get laid in a monkey whore house with a sack full of bananas !
your standards are too high :P
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant Robert Louis Stevenson
hell no, I told you were the one that cheered me up ONLY  it worked, cause youre a boss c': thank you franciona333333333333
got to!
Ain't settling for nothing less..
Text me though
cause as soon as big boobs happen..
you gotta tell the world!
remember the original?
Two Stepping Extravaganza / Dance Party / Costumes Welcome
I like the missed squeezes
ff our AFT director
We are here in LOT 13 with our grill and green beer!
So come on down, the rain has finally stopped!
She Calls Me Monster Cause I Make Her SCREAM IN THE DARK !
Trying some french food,  trying to not say the only french phrase i remember, which is, 'ou est mon port monnaie?'
Yea Knicks won.
thanks for sharing!
I absolutely love Hawkeye!
getting a feel for it.
Thanks!
Raph
our 3 yr old adopted pit, Carson.
he's dumber than rocks but the sweetest thing in the world.
tweet me!
l0l bet you dont look that bad
I love your hair streaks it's so cute!!!
You and Justin make an AMAZING couple :
InsideTheTargetCar Gorgeous OhTheLetGo!
HometownHoliday at The Shark Tank Can't wait to party in Tallahassee!!!
Come bro with us!
Great day!
Hope the rest of the week is like this!!
happytweet :
incredible morning, nice and cool...
I love it!
Getting ready for a Posada with .
Is that better ?
I still have feelings for her, but she said no and it's been awhile now.
WHY?

n janyia coming over today we fin to have fun call me when u get off love
Veggie Flautas Thursday!
Fresh spinach,ancho roasted potato,mushroom,rolled into a corn tortilla crisped.
5 flautas with choice of two sides
Talk abt a glass ceiling.
SMDH!
Where all the Lifers at ????
what you been doing sis
hahaha, very true
i love your positivity my man!
Goodnight kisses 
Finally getting started on our 20112012 Educational Catalog.
Let us know what you want to see featured!
Local philanthropist  business woman, Jillian Jacobson, launches in Chicago August 2526 will email u more info
Not particularly.
Just want a nap!
In the studio for the rest of the week:
thanks for following me.
Good luck with your new venture in Ft.
Lauderdale, great socializing spot.
I can do a book signing!
Its annoying how a shirtless guy comes on TV and everyone looks at me...
I can work on something for ya if I do I'll send you a link
when will you come back to Philippines??????
why do i find it weird that i love tfera, and my sister kathryn likes aileron?
o.o okay we're switching names kathy
Lots of people talking about Derby Kansas today.
Weird.
Students at a school able to get the morning after pill from vending machines.Details on our news in 15 min
follow me i need to DM you something please:
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom
YOU LOOK SO STUNNING XOXOXOXOXO love you
What's up?
hit on by black senior.
u doctorw good
Imma post them in little but dont worry we'll get you a really good part !
:D
Finally home.
This shower and bed is about to feel SO good.
Good night beautiful people
Pt2 I mean, the reporter just called up the White House library and the librarian was ready to check records.
Inaccurate!
Does it say the batch on the bottle?
Im going going back back to Cali Cali
we heard has a funny side that's hiding under the surface.
Is this the new thing now?
When you are introduced to people, you attach the she is in single.
What is that about?
Anyone else?
Alexander's in North Parkwas jumping Sat nite; but with a reservation no prob.
Kudos: sea bass special  great corner table.
I wonder why
yeah cause first off, your bullshittin tryna say that was a joke.
Happy Birthday to my Absolutely, Wonderful, Much loved Beautiful, Fantastic Niece!!!
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Remember that a government big enough to give you everything you want is also big enough to take away everything you have.
Barry Goldwater
My mom attempting to select a new ringtone at 8:30 A.M.
sounds sweeter than a symphony.
I'll have you know she picked the Xfiles theme.
Haha, w/ his milk shot.
June ...
this time she tweeted stately stride
The best part about Thursday VampireDiaries 
probably caught it from Cano RT : Probably just getting someone else sick.
Germ spreader.
guy wearing a vest way to smalldouche hole.
XD.
3 you Shane
I'm would love a legit body massage when I get home...
Let's go Caps!
Back to the basics!
iN sTATISTICS cLASS.
i gRADUATE iN fOUR dAYS.
i'M sO pUMPED!
cc w/r/t his amusing micropublished anecdote re: chasing down pickle truck, very much on mind as I was blathering to dude.
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :
my universe will never be the same...
I'm glad you came...
I love the game LOGO QUIZ, shit is complicated
O where is your search box...???

RT : The mouth of a jellyfish is also the anus.
Burp then eat more ;
I wanted to say if I un follow anyone anytime soon it's because I hit my follow limit, don't take it personally.
Bulls proved tonight that regardless of missing their two best players, they still have solid playoff experience as a team
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
Decided to put home first instead of work this weekend.
Its feels great!
You're going to need to change your password for twitter and other accounts.
Seems that you got keylogged.
Glad hit that free throw.
Shut LBJ down.
Replenish your body with fruit juice and water.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU CANT wait till the summer corn dick
let us know what you think Duch is on the Recess song..
Blazers might have lossed to the Raptors but it sounds like Jerryd did pretty good at the point guard position.
Remember to pause and reflect on your journey.
Being intentional will change your life.
Finally got a fire going.
Haha :
maybe.
But if you have to earn yourself a doctorw you probably lost.
Who has tomorrow off of work?
Come see me
eww!
Never in a million years!!!!!!!
She was a New York slave who became a speaker on abolitionism.
What name did she choose for herself?
Find out at www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
Building Wealth for Healthy Hair by Racheal products
starting basketball next week : cant wait !
Follow me at iluvme1st on instagram
Counting down til happy hour starts.
Need.
Frappucino.
palamino Digital project still part of this?
Ahgreat at the end.
One reason I have you leading off session today.
1001 followers!
It took a while, but we're here.
Finally.
doctornks are on me.
Now entering Georgetown 
This religion Class is about to put me in a comma.
Lmao what tweet?
VonChurch congratulates Eric Walle on his new role with Firxas studios!
Another good person, another good job!
Are you still in school?
lol.
Didn't know it still exsited.
Never hear about anymore.
Please check your email for latest details.
Hey Aly!
Where did you order your tent for Warped Tour from?
I can't wait for new episodes
your always away from someone you love, its torture.
Lady Gaga
the lemon grass noodles and shrimp at chin chin is to die for , lordy !
Thank you..
it's all the bird!
What do you think about the Government monitoring our Tweets and Facebook Blogs?
They will be looking for key words in our blogs.
On way home from NYC, back on Monday for Law and Order SVU!
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here...
FC Kahuna
It was an amazing day to go to the beach with old friends 3
Getting organized for ALA Midwinter in Dallas!
Will I see you there?
they zoomed in on it and it was huge!!
Sometimes severe contusions are more painful than a break.
So I was worried about u.
Headed to BB Kings in New York...
Show with let's get it!!
At the Sunshine Sachs Newsmakers event
Awesome doctorms done 4 light fantastic and evileye
Could have been a nice play with the Asik touch pass, but he should have passed it to Gibson if he really wanted it to work
You fucking douche.
You just proved that all guys are douches.
Bye.
Where are my starwars fans?
if but some reason Community gets canceled by NBC, Comedy Central better pick it up!
nyti.ms/o1Q02d Interesting story on enhanced ebooks in today.
Books with a soundtrack.
House Repubs plan vote today on reauth of the Violence Against Women Act.
excludes the new protections for LGBT already passed by senate.
: If LeBron's hairline recedes any more, he'll need a third headband and a yarmulke now even bob is in on the jokes!
Fuck the system.
I'm gonna have to try shoes, love the rave reviews!
where is it???
I wanna go!!!
where the f are you???
Even if you got killed in Texas Chainsaw,
If you are prepared, then you are able to feel confident.
you and me go fishing in the dark
I don't blame you...it's gold!
Today is a mother daughter dayy : Then tonight with myy girls , sounds like a great dayy 
iTunes on Windows.
Oh, my.
Hopefully no sharp objects are nearby...
:: Who Said I Was Baby Sitting ?
Lhh They Wss Here When I Got home .
THey Old Enough , One Of Them is 7 and the other 5 .
thanks for the clarification doctorw haha
Hello to all the new followers!
HOW DO I GET SOMEONE AS AMAZING AND ADORABLE TO FOLLOW ME IT WOULD BE A WISH COME TRUE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW.ME BACK 333333333
Thank you for the RT.
We appreciate your support!
BOOKED a Geico spot shooting tonite.
Looking forward to working with The Caveman!
White Rabbits are using Twitter...
hell
Aw .
He said dang man I MISS YOU !!!
Aww thank u!
:RT : And a good morning to you!
Have a fantastic day today!
Remember how awesome you are!
Freaks take questions from the studio audience with Annie working the mic.
New update: once our twitter page reaches 10,000 followers we will officially launch!
great, will do!
Girl!
I almost gave up on that one!!!
:
oh that works both way ,
Scary  just heard thumping and banging, thought the rapture was early...
Wash machine out of balance
TEAM 301!!!
Domination!
Metta's logic is If Kobe turns it over, we all turn it over.
Good to know they respect the coach that much.
haha where is it located.
I need to go there.
...meanwhile, it's snowing in Lynnwood
everyone complaining about 420 needs to stfu and smoke a blunt and celebrate the holidaze
great color from Kristin and cut from Maxine.
Massive headache for real though!
Coughing!
Can't sleep!
Pickers and Pawn Stars keeping me company.
Oh for Christ sake!
This should have been an easy 10point win.
You motherfuckers!
RT : Do you have a story about Frank the pepperoni cannoli guy?
We'd love to hear it.
Love justin bieber new song Santa coming to town
just saw this now..lol
Can I have ur number
Tired of hearing about
HAVE FUN!
Maybe I'll actually be able to read for fun in the summer?
crossing fingers!
We love  , but we are very excited to try for the first time tomorrow!
That's a great idea...will it ignite if the N is removed quickly?
It's crazy how people insist that they are in love even when they're unhappy.
MAYBE just MAYBE you're not really in love...?
I plan on sleeping the rest of the day but knowing my parents that probably won't happen......
Theere's always a fight in my second period...
At least once a week.
i bet
thnx for the mention and RT!
Um...
That's not good
Running with !
Yeah, definitely feeling your track.
It's real.
not even amazed by the numbers.
Know them well.
Happy Mother's Day Mom!
Many Thanks to everything you do for your family!
caps tie series with rangers has highlights.
RU looking at supermoon ?
has that and tomorrow's forecast on News4
brandspankinnew macbook sitting in my chair when I got to work today!
Life is good!
I love Jacob.
I can accept failure, but I cant accept not trying.
You don't fail until you quit.
Kids fall asleep anywhere  everywhere!
LOL!
Today in 1976, the first known elephant to come to the United States arrived from Bengal, India.
are you leaving wme???
this is super nice, but , we need to find a cheap solution
Remember Kyle from Road Trip?
Actor was beaten by a Vancouver police officer last night for doing absolutely nothing.
31 days i got .time i got ...money ,well thats the goal..lol
Nicki Minaj on EllenI would love to give birth on your show!
C'mon, Packers, keep bringin' it!
Time for a sack o' burgers!
Looking at this pretty rose someone gave me :
you should read it...
it's good in an f'ed up kind of way.
Although just mostly the first book.
hell naw!!!
lol I will see if we can order some RT : can I get a secret sunday shirt my friend..
please my friend
There are some nights I hold on to every note I ever wrote
So after I find a do it yourself carwash god gives me a free rinse cycle from the heavens
just woke up but it's 10:10am :p haaha.
y'all should come over and play with her :
Nice to meet you the other night.
Hope to see you around Berlin more this summer.
But I promise I will never let you go.
A shooting scare....
Why would someone do that and why wouldn't they tell us what was going on inside?
What I lack in confidence I make up 3 times in flop sweat.
Yes, I found this on doctornkduck years ago.
I'm not sure if you remember the user Peipei, that was me :D
We're getting so delirious that has decided to show off his dance moves.
thank youu!
It might be the hardest I've worked for anything.....haha
Starting book two of His Dark Materials...
only four years after I finished the first.
Finally I can rest.....
Yes!
NFL It was nice to see the Saints org feel some pain for their thuggery.
Too bad the NFL didn't strip them of the undeserved Super Bowl win
iGomezGang deleted her acct bcoz ,she was getting hate tweets as selena replied her..CRAZY PPL !!
That's ridic.
That makes me sadder than no more eggbeaters.
We'll be your family.
Hello  what can we help you with?
Going thrifting and I only have 85 on me .
Bruster's is literally below my house, why have I not been here more in my life...
loverboy, you played us up like toys.
don't you feel bad, don't you feel bad?
omg I would hit her
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a doctornk.
The bartender replies, For you, no charge.
30 minutes till new !!
Monday's aren't so bad!
Wanna go see lil wayne ...
idk yet !!!
no idea but i can tell rating will be down for tonight
Things you don't see everyday at work: Car parked in spot next to you starts to back out of parking spot and no one is in said car ...
Be the best that you can be!
can we go if we are an alum?
I like this photo.
I eat dinner with TheBubs today.
So very excited for chapter2 for the Nashville Campus!
Some kind of exciting!
OMG!!
This song is amazingly awesome!!
Its wonderful!
Great job doctorw!
Can't wait to hear other projects and to see elixir!
Why don't we just turn the universe over to Google and our planet over to Facebook and be done with it?
im sorry about the turtle being stolen : hopefully you will get it back!
Our great pleasure!
More member perks to come.
Keep an eye out for CAPSEE at major conferences.
Stay tuned to our website and twitter for conferences, workshops, and pubs.
If 1 out of every 4 churches would help someone adopt 1 child from fostercare there would be NO MORE foster kids waiting to be adopted
Scott Peters appreciates the endorsement.
He'd love yours as well.
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Holiday Cookie Trays today at Acme Hotdogs!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
What is your problem girl?
thanks for the RT!
Hope you are well!
I think I'm in love with she's incredible.
The rice is so needy, so very thirsty.
Rip Hamilton is a piece of shit
Self organizing FTW!!
RT : Per 's orders, the official shenanigans hotel is the Westin.
Book accordingly.
Im crying at the voice finally and its the first episode i watched, lol
There was a documented case if a potential cured AIDS patient this year!
deaths fell from 2.2mil in mid2000's 2 1.8mil in 2010!
Beautiful
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match
A Laker fan plays for San Antonio.
Oh no no no..he will get BOOED at every game.
Cold and doctorary out there, warm and bright in here  come see us: 7916 SE Foster  work, play, create at Foster Indy Mart
1 in 5 relationships are sparked from online matchmaking websites.
Translation: 80 of those seeking love aren't completely desperate.
You're too kind.
Hope you had a great weekend.
Today is International Moment of Laughter Day is...After all, laughter is the best medicine.
Share if you agree!
everytine I try to download your song it doesn't work
I felt like an army was coming in to defeat me!
It comes down to how pau gasol play
RT : Restore Civility Now!
...
or at your earliest convenience.
Still up working on Finances.
Lackey takes so long Going to be a long game
Thanks so much...and thanks for the follow too!
: 
THANKS!
:D
wheniwas26 I was a 2nd Lieutenant in the Air Force, stationed at Patrick AFB, FL, and just starting my exploration of the World of Beer...
It's cold AF in my room right now..
wow ksenija, we've been dating a year now and you're doing this?
Really?
Well it looks like I'm not going to tolo anymore...
Who wants to be my baby : ?
ITS A DOGGY DOG WORLD....WELL SOMEBODY BETTA PUT THE BITCH BACK ON A LEASH.....HELL U MEAN
Sex alleviates tension.
Love causes it.
Fantastic speech today at Legal Tech by Don Tapscott...
the new generation, innovation and how they affect EVERY business model!
I left an answer to your blog question.
Have you considered alternative ways of promoting using blogs?
Paul Cebar was great
I will miss you zzolo.
Hopefully, Joe and I will make it to the Twin Cities to see you soon.
np 'Le Long de la route' ZAZ
Stand up for what you believe in!
I, for one, had a lovely time hiking through the Amazon.
Now, what is a browser, again?
I live in Hyde Park and didn't know about IRA?!
Looks so awesome, but kinda expensive.
Sad to miss etc.
in person.
and a host of others down the line...
As I'm reading someone's newspaper over their shoulder on the train, I get mad at them for reading slow and not turning the page!
3 elephants at thatcamposu : Some but not much discush of accessibility or diversity, and reductive binary of hyperattention v.
deep att'n.
Senators sitting on side of chamber doing the wave during discipline debate.
Awww, that guy totally is getting laid tonight.
It would be so confusing if I had a twitter name and I had a picture of Adam Lambert.
Tu Holloway's got nothing on
same boat, here.
MG girls can be more taunting than high school.
I think I disagree for her 18th...maybe 21st?????
Lol
Mixtape :Blow Up Like Da World trade doctorps Sep.15 Fuks Wit It.New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee!
www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
There r sources to rely on.
The question of full Redemption of the Jewish People is not IF...
but WHEN.
It's a matter of time!
how about we get Audioslave back together?
I miss good rock.
Anyone else in agreeance?
Accept what you cant change.
change what you cant accept.
Joe Tamburino weighs in on Amy Senser verdict on FOX 9 Morning News  8AM
Dude, great to see you down in Australia...hit me back...
Sending out the Friday Funnies.
ima say nicki bcuz u gutta shave ya hairline to wear a lakefront 
if you got the beef man put it in the skillet
Holy Moly she's on Twitter!
Unbelievable.
And also unbelievable how far down you made it on my timeline to respond to that!
Oh how Ive missed my dolls!!!
My night would be made if eric church sang springsteen ACM's
This Wednesday, Security Bank is offering to put 1000 towards your closing costs!
certainly young man.
I'm an addict.
Try.
Shutup, Stop whining and get a life.
I love Larry's books.
Almost bought some boots
What was it?
That's my wish for every party.
It's a shame I have to miss it this time.
What is up with the lame tornado doctorll today?!
All I did was sit down and talk to people on the other side of the room!
Regionally, I can't get behind this Final Four.
Do over, please.
Since when did you become Snooki??
Lmfaooo I LOVEE YOU!!
Now do you want a pickle hoe.
whats good bro, its ayo we should build about collabing on the show like we talked about.
I would say Food ranks first on your list followed by GSP
I almost cited Paul deMan controversy to begrudgingly defend Ron Paul until I realized deMan was early 20s, not in his 50s!
I wanna nap but I already have fuckedupsleepingschedule as it is....
Have you guys heard sing??
She was on Idol, too!
Sweet16 here we come!!
We're here we're Claire get used to it!
omg all day in my head it's either I Will Always Love You or Rolling In The Deep.
who must have special skin product infused in his medicine...dude always looks like he just had a facial
Coughing infront of smokers to make them feel guilty.
You must have been there, Nancy.
I was a Nemov fan growing up, thought he handled with class.
was good bro i got ya back
I doctornk my milk and I'm still really small.
oh and last name too.
hahaha sweet.
highfive
I'm crying right now my mon was rushed to the hospital.omg 
Hate hearing how Junior Seau went out,
Robert Glasper, Bilal and Lupe's verses.
Every morning...
In my heart in my mind.
hahah dang son!
send any sports questions you have we are starting the show!!!
Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it.
especially with frozen roads
Let's go Bruins!
Er, Let's go Caps!
Uh...
Let's go hockey game!
Its a wedding weekend.
Rehearsal tonight with a fantastic wedding tomorrow.
I can't wait.Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
He shut down the company but did someone from the company find this doctorggie teenage girl?
not the cheeseburger....i got a pizza from walmart  put fajita meat on top...lol...fatboimix
Nine more likes and we'll hit 14,000!
Bet we do it today!
Spread the love hit that share button!
Congratulations, Alex!
RT Way to go and your new membership to Alpha chapter at U of A.
your boyfriend sold out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes?
No way, mine too :D Kidoctoruhl Our Boyfriend
Just discovered I fit into youth sized Nike's.
For 30 less.
Kristen  1, Nike  0
DuBois: when God makes a sculptor He does not always make the pushing sort of person who beats his way through doors thrust in his face.
Aww, how romantic.
I'm impressed  good luck to both of you.
not sure if you are still looking into facebook for 3t, but thought that you might find this interesting
WTF!
How does Brown get a penalty on that?!
Smith is a REAL piece of shit.
I'm really starting to hate that guy...
northpark is only overrated when I'm out of town.
I've kept that hood real since 84'.
Whoever wants to get owned in cod; add me on live, I just got it.
SaInT NiCk 77
Sean Lahman: Evolution preceded revolution in digital cameras  Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Generally, I don't like concerts, but Avett Bros?
On The Lawn?
I and Can't and Wait.
Wish I was 's OLLG333
A high of 59 today?
Time to break out the Borat thong.
Y'all do know the Sixers are gonna EAT the Celtics right?
I'll swing by there tomorrow and we'll see what we can do.
You have time?
you keep givinng tebo credit 4 just winning, but wanna take all the credit away from Flacco when he wins..
Double standard
On my way to WrestleMania in Miami with !
I sent u a txt
We focus on our customer's needs  work to earn their respect by building longterm relationships based on trust  customer satisfaction
All around great experience at last nightbest comfort food I've had in NY and a true neighborhood atmosphere.
to lazy to do homework
Amen to that!
I Love that song so much!
:D
RT IF YOUR AN ICONiac .
ash:
I want some candy.
students at occupymondays discussing irony of protesting Wall Street w/ private, commercial social media.
Inspired by
plz u gotta put and all other artists in TheUnionNetwork in ur rotation!
favorite thing about Jax so far?
6 from Burger King with a orange doctornk!
's Laura Faer on AB 2145: We need data to 'determine what works and does not work' on school discipline
My mentions are dead, bo ':
Her  You look like a young Steve Buscemi ...Not sure how to take that one
instead of Josh?
Is that why everyone is possed?
nice and how was it
attending confernce for entrepeneurial librarians at Wake Forest.
damn did everyone make the team?
Haha
they corrected it to right ankle like that helps
Grandstanding MT : Lamborn getting the media attention he sought from SOTU boycott.
He's on Fox w Greta Van Sustern tonight.
Seriously, if he had invested even 2 million, he could live off the interest.
Refreshing follower numbers is like watching an odometer at about 200mph.
167K and counting
Oh my God.
MichaelJackson's ImmortalTour is INDESCRIBABLE.
Oh.
My.
God.
Had a great times this morning did a great job!
Safe travels back to NYC.

106andpark hate it when friends try telling you what they did with some dude last night
You're welcome!
Yes, it bites.
:
We gave our new parttimers a sevenpage list of projects and tasks to rate so we can better fit interests and needs.
Dunno where he's been but saw Omar just a lil while ago!
Love to see greatartists know eachother!
:
Consumers want to know the food theyre buying is safeand good.
Just learned there are apps to remind you to give your dog Heartguard and Frontline each month.
Timber and Ridley will be so happy!
MUSTFollow and thank you to my friend
Bmore peeps, you should go see this band: RT : Ottobar in Baltimore tonight!
Tweet us your WhenAustin's and we'll tweet them and give you credit!
:D
so not only heart, but nerve problems?
This girl sounds like a train wreck that the medical community has been looking for
So I'm getting my license tomorrow I guess.
Okay.
Cool.
Haha
I love local beer and good food and great conversations with good friends!
You mad bro?
In honor of 's birthday I will only do zumba moves out at the bars tonight
Oh shit.
.
I'll be a junior next year .
.
I'M GETTING OLD
I can't wait to check out Kailua Whole Foods next Friday.
Sessions, sessions and more sessions......
Amazing things happening at Techtown in Detroit!!
spam spam spam spam spammy spam spam.
it just comes natural..
Ya know?
: you are such a pretty girl!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope all is well
I love Twig.
Especially since they discontinued cherish.
Also, capricious and amourous.
Headed to downtown with joe fuckin Mosso !!!
I live in a group home now.
It's where homeless kids live.
And now i gotta go to group breakfast...ughh.
might wanna do that soon considering the concert is in 11 days lmfao !
Foundations are prescribing the path to the outcomes, not just the outcomes themselves.
Thank you so much!!!!
xx
i'm summer swaggin so hard :D
yes if they get another home win, its theirs.
but cant count out Mia that easy
The dirt tracks around here won't let u in pits if your pregnant.
Does Nascar have any guidelines?
Just curious.
Williamsburg Grand Illumination!
I've tried bro, its slow as fuck at my job and we're struggling...she said if it gets worse she's leaving
LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK!
Long weekend, holiday...
oh yeah and cataloging homework...
who could ask for more :
Martin and I won't be at the speedway this weekend.
He's racing in Laguna Seca.
Giant Panda Gorilla Dub Squad just rocked the airwaves!
Greener Grass Band on next!
New markdowns in Men's  Shoes Women's and Kids apparel, Accessories and more oh my.
So much for so little!
Hulu chief executive Jason Kilar said the number of people who paid 8 a month for the Hulu Plus service hit 875,000 in June
welovezayn the only thing he terrorizes is the hearts of girls everywhere 3
Hate going to bed with a lot on my mind, oh well.
And I gotta find Princeton..
who's probably stalking Rocsi..
Lol
you think your Amish with that beard beet?
have fun in Vegas boys.
Don't get any strippers pregnant.
i really need to buy some more snacks for work.
i'm all cleaned out...
and hungry.
I'm glad that at the payment confirmation stage while shopping online there's not a checkbox that asks Do you really need this?
Soul Swagger Entertainment  Marketing Music Swagger Worldwide.
I still feel like SOMETHING is missing...
Had a doctoram A decided instead of presenting papers annually we should have limbo contest to decide 1 anthropologist
He's in that phase?
Been there.
You should expect long boarding next.
Tell it's not to be confused w/water boarding!
Good Luck!
Luv the avi very cute!
My Spartypants son is razzing me about UM's loss.
I may have to cut him out of the will.
Aw shucks.
Fear not, once classes begin I'll be back into my journalistictweeting phase again and you'll wish you'd unfollowed ;
Thanks!
Unfortunately no one gave me a tractor for my bday so it's a moot point :
Yeah, it's the season finale.
I wasn't expecting it to be two hours, but I can see why it all wouldn't fit into an hour.
I've never heard of such a thing.
Where would I find info?
I seriously might have an aneurism right now, my blood pressure is so high.
FUCK OFF.
happy thansgiving ocho.
I'm actually transporting a patient to the hospital right now.
Ah the life of a Paramedic :
Let's get the hackoff started right now!!
Hello world....
Just because the BrooklynNets will have a new place to play their logo designed by JayZ doesntmean they are going to be any better nxt year
When we come from a place of love, everything becomes sacred and everything becomes divine ...
You rock!
Have a blast tonight!
No the fuck I wasn't...
Off to el mercadito for some raspados !
Having a fabulous time at the leadership summit!
Out of school time opportunities matter!
aw I kinda wanna witness this storm yall are talking about but everything is all peaceful nice and warm here
After seeing at Hammerstein Ballroom, they're officially on my mustseelive list.
I'm still picking up pieces of my face.
BIG DAN!
just on Class act.
Great perspective.
Great season for Ray and all of the Ravens.
seriously?
Lmao damn.
LMAO well your nice
The great Chip Kidd: The book designer is responsible to the reader and the publisher, but mostly to the author!
Watching Red Dawn.
Oh Lord my inner child is having a joy seizure!
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow, to everybody on your dick; no homo  Yeezy
Today in class I said I was married to Jesus out loud.
Got some props.
Someone should compile a memoir of Kodak stories.
Or is that what Dilbert is?
remeba the Marlboro luggage u had on that 8th grade field trip?
you must follow your doctorams and go after what you want out of life or end up working for someone else who did.
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Bitch thinks he could yell at me for a damn remote...
Shhhittt who the Fuck does he think he is...
Hoe better watch his damn mouth.
Fuck.
That band definitely lost something when Deily left.
okay.
:D lol
witness a school board meeting?
You trying to punish mayoral candidates?
you are NOT saying this on twitter.
haha.
I'm guessing you're date went well you little slut?
A member of the Southwest Workers Union, he holds 1 end of a banner stating 'No border wall.'
De nada, bro.
Was funny.
:D
ugh i was going through my clothes seeing which looked good anymore but now i got comfy in this doctorss and wanna go outside
you never sent me back the letter mind was if a doctorwing of you!!!!:3 love you!!!!!
If you think wouldn't renege on the budget deal, you also think his tan is real.
Ran out of voter registration forms
Ima just say this Stop doin what everybody else is doin what everybody else is doin may not be what you should be doin LEAD
So much work to get all these pics into blog posts...
You are on it!
Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand.
nice 2 c we people can still influence.
Of course took industry giants 2 but a great example of what we can do if organized
finally!
found the CRM I have been looking for.
Thanks
Mark your calendars: Next NeuroCultures Lecture Series is Lennard Davis Disability  Depression 5/8 68PM Grad.
Center Room 9206.
Free!
you should watch doctorve or anything else with ryan gosling xo
What positive things can i say about front office  it's a revolving door .
hope they do well but it's EARLY May
No Miss St!!!
Tough break
Are you a fan of steering wheel covers?
Ah I hate when they scare me like that!
Assholes .
haha hanging out with the guys and my bestie :
You too!
So are we done with progressiveenhancement now?
Is there any reasons for noneCommerce sites to cater to nonJSenabled users?
Happy 4/20 to all the potheads and OWS hippies.
Thanks for doing your part in making the world a better place.
Why Wouldn't It Be?
HA!!
RT : my R.
Kelly detector just went off!
Things don't get easier..
S/O 2 the newest followers !
Welcome to
I was too busy having an imaginary boner about Batman this summer, but I will be going to see Avengers this week.
shuddup!
He locked up my phone
girlie, it's gonna be a long season for both of us...
Re: Tebow
I'm pretty anxious to see what's gonna happen in a month or two..
...
Just shut the fuck up and leave me alone.
You've made me beyond mad tonight.
: good Sunday to you guys : hope you are enjoying the weekend.
/// You, too!
Have a wonderful day :
Awww you're so nice i feel bad now!
I need skin colored leggings.
Boy those are dangerous
Any chance you will play Sweet  Wild at Irving tonight?
I have a soft spot for that song...
and for Yankee Doodle.
I sho just murdered 1!!RT : How do McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ????
That shit dumb good
ya I know.
Was sitting in the commons and noticed
Congrats to PPI's James Dempsey for winning the Inaugural iSeriesLive event !!!
Nice effort PPI's 'Devilfish' Ulliott to finish second !!!
Passover, Easter, Earth Day and Shakespeare's birthday...
a nice week for a little reading, reflection and renewal, I'm thinkin'...
:
70 of all the time..
Dope  IVE BEEN KILLING SHIT LIKE A SERIAL KILLERS LAXATIVE  DAVE LYRIC
TreeQuestion Tues Answer: That's summer dormancy summer leaf doctorp, aka cladoptosis.
By whatever name, what you see is a stress reaction
Thank you!
See you next season!
This one looks like it will go down to the wire.
Every possession is critical now with 5:21 to play DU 61 TTU 57
ha with the party thing?
Or our awesomeboys..?
Whos posh?
RT : we killed swag its all about the POSH now
Any leads on a decent bass amp for 150?
Josh is looking for something functional w/o borrowing mine.
I went to the only comic book store in town, but they were out of all of the good ones already.
:
Thanks for the shoutout!
RT : Follow UX design strategist who has great insight into cutting edge methodoloy...
citizendiplomacy needs your help too: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget.
Don't let em!
2011icf how funny..within 2 sec of my post, is now following me...
Love twitter!!
Arm hurts 
George Zimmerman has been charged with seconddegree murder, special prosecutor Angela Corey announced Wednesday.
Well hello to you too : RT : 86 degrees out there....
Hello sexy!
Big warm up today with temps around 15C.
We will be sorry come April when we have massive thunderstorms
Did need any more reasons to promote the NE as the center of the universe?
I will NOT be watching the Superbowl.
Boring.
wish they would have kept the time the same.
can't get the kids and get anywhere by 6.
Really want to see a reserve game!
when walking around all day, much easier in a stroller.
I never want 2 be caught w/out a stroller especially if there's a nap
Congrats to our for making the NHL playoffs!
Fun for you all to make us sweat it out huh!?
I had the feeling that would be the case so I switched out of it last week.
run for runs sake
Great meeting ya last night man.
Sorry we couldn't chat longer!
if I can get out of studio in time, yep...
Plus it's almost Bats time so im sure I will see you soon!
Does it work?
...It's hard to dance with a devil on your back, so shake him off...
shake it out, shake it out...
I'm ready to get out of school!
Ay Saturday be at motions to see and be there!
The war is over!!!
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/Gucci Mane
Advice is sometimes transmitted more successfully through a joke than grave teaching.
Baltasar Gracian
No come back...
Yes, I want to be part of the book :.
how about thursday or friday
I'm so glad that I can love you and I know you'll never leave and a plce where doctorams are made is a place I wanna be 3
Damn, I just reminded myself that the westtest is tomorrow.I might as well kill myself
same here!
Everyone got along and it was so much better!
Huntsman: Nothing more powerful than the current bipartisan tax proposal
was here I love you wife 3
so, ready for the weekend?
:
it was a fun movie
Ouch that workout just killed me!!!
Ended up staying in an SRO where I sit as I type this.
A little expensive, but I have a private space.
Ha!!
We were talking about this ridiculous young adult book I read awhile back called, Wanna Go Private?
and DMing.
/// Too many Waka Flockas, not enough Common's..
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
I love this kid.
He will lead them to at least 10 wins this season.
Bank it.
But LevelUp is a Daytime Job.
You're not making any sense man.
it must be so awful to listen to an ad for a few seconds for free music.
Poor poor thing.
apparently I am bad at the internets!
for traditional 311 system to integrate info.
expand.
Steps towards Gov2.0?
, do u see this in the future?
Oh!
Thank you for the headsup  I didn't know that!
I think this means I'll be taking a long lunch break.
:
now im the type of guy that has a pet mouse lmfao
I should probably start today, lol.
Are you tired of getting turned down for a home?
Are you ready to stop renting .
Contact me now for financial freedom
OMG.
This guy on the phone better stop pacing around this Starbucks.
Multiple levels of annoying.
Sit down and talk.
Well this sounds kind of interesting...
if you're inthe LA Area, and you happen to check this out, tell us how it is?
I find myself to be the most annoying but i unfollowed all the trs fans that just made me so ANGRY
Off to the creek to play some 2/5 nlhe
This is the fIng bulls!
I wanted to avoid in the first place before coming on this trip!
I'm so pissed!!!
I knew this would happen!
I feel like this bus ride shouldn't be this bumpy
Can you people learn how to fucking spell, we are in 8th fucking grade, not 5th.
It's not cool to use slang you illiterate cunts.
Hope i can shoot 3 point shot 6 in a row...
:D
So excited to be doing hair at the Key Club in Hollywood tomorrow!!
Show starts at 10pm : Swing by if ya wanna!
My family reuion is comin up can't wait
Anyhoo, feel free to ask specifics.
Happy to be opinionated and helpful.
;
SMBAustin : we used monopoly busters to generate email lists for candidates.
Hello Seattle!
Can't wait to try some of your famous cuisine tonight!
The one in Lyndon?
There's one just outside of Crestwood too.
Unsinkable Molly Brown born today, 1867.
Also today, 1986, video footage of Titanic released for 1st time.
Same shit just a different day .
doctorma will never leave the ICONiac fanbase .
I'm mad af....wade a fuckin bum
In honor of mothers day I have rented a mini van and mom jeans and will be offering free rides and unsolicited advice
We have a BULLPEN?
Peabody Conservatory musicians  dancers performing.
today is a great day to get baked!
This is one of the most fun nights I've ever had in dc
thanks Liz!
I'm just glad K wasn't in the car.
my heart stops when you look at me.
I use Opera and got no notice about version 10  thanks for the headsup.
All of the strangers like me best today.
I'm God's favorite.
Thanks, I am excited to start there.
shut down for now new on sale is Tuesday at Noon  new server.
Not sold out!
A wet pussy and a doctor purse makes no sense!
I like your bio, so I had to follow you.
LOL!
I need a few New Orleans recommendations?
Flogging Molly...no seriously ;
Coffee, OPBRadio, backyard eggs, homemade toast and a hot shower.
Ready for work.
readysetgo!
I'm not even hungry.
I'm seriously eating because I don't want to do homework:p
Nothing like giving college advice to a cab doctorver first thing in the morning.
Happy National Candidate Reply Date, everyone!!
yes, will tweet a picture of the doctorsses before I send them!
must package them up later today!
Fellas, follow me.....Ill show you where the ladies at
Speaking of Claude Shannon, there's an excellent discussion of his work in Jon Gertner's book The Idea Factory on the history of Bell Labs
my dad, which in not true.
It took me awhile to convince her.
So I won't be on twitter as much.
I'll probably only be on at night
good luck on beating the house
Criminal Minds finale!
Love this show!
M Beer  Bacon!
Wonder if I still have beer  bacon brats in the freezer...
Listen to UN Goodwill Ambassador DonCheadle wrapping up the day with  EnvisionFilmhttp ://goo.gl/oa71N 
I asked for a kids menu to color, not to get a look from you.
Good morning twitter world!
Cold and wet here in Minnesota today!
Hope everyone has a great day!
in your hood 705 Club
disagree, Pierce was OK  yes, he's hurt.
That's a fact.
Allen had an off night but only 3rd Gm back from 24 day layoff
CRASH: Murray  Teal in Beaverton
Loop/tourist focus is annoying, but he's got a pointI only have 6 proper openings on the books for all of July  August.
tell me about it!
GreatnessIs having the courage to stand up for what you believe in, no matter what the circumstances are.
: We fancy mushrooms.
Keeping it simple..
I see you.
Aw man!
Now that Penny Taylor is hurt I can't play the game of, What quarter do you think PT will get injured?
health sleep disorders
no longer am I confused.
But in response shut your ass up kailah
Hahaha geez.
You dang kids with your travel phones and hippity hop.
I will mail you 27 c/o the nearest dispensary for a charger.
Help stimulate local economy by shopping local.
Keep jobs safe, help small business support local churches/schools, and more!...
Excited to watch this morning since I'll be studying at home all day!
looking forward to further conversation w/ people from mindsmeet.
Thanks for an enlivening evening!
Give em hell kid!
But you're in OSAKA, so that makes it a little less miserable.
Pizza of the Week: Chipotle Chicken Pizza  Chipotle Mayo Base, Mozzarella Cheese, Marinated Chipotle Chicken  Yellow and Red Peppers
Headed to SING LIVE ON THE ROOF with my boy Pastor Corey Brooks!
Tune in now www.projecthood.org
spring break in california :
and in a completely different context I recommended today.
Safe to assume the pod people have won.
Watching west balt ravens vs spartans under 85lb in lake arbor
Everbody follow my brother !!!!!!!
Dude from Arkansas had a stoke?
James Harden looking awfully early Grant Hill in the fourth.
Amazing first step and finish.
Over and over.
YES the tootsie roll comercials are back!!
We hit up the original HC outpost in Manhattan often.
Great place to take our 1 yr old son.
Let me know when you're in town.
Like most spiritual things, spiritual growth is best done in community.
Penny Nash
Danny Granger i hope your thinking about how your killing US!
doctorve to the hoop!
Fuck what society and close minded cunts say, you are beautiful.
Every inch and every scar.
Beautiful.
Catching up on some tosh.0...
Only looks good in burnt orange
3rd time today trying to get a digital subscription, but site is SO difficult to navigate!
No confirmation emails received.
Now it's sAdoctorCKtime.
it UP  RESPECT mUSt BE pAiD.
I have a few they all are realistic.
Naaa mane leave it.
Only rel to love!Follow me back
Absolutely.
Amazing.
Does it sound better as Sterling Cooper Crane doctorper Pryce.
Yes, that's better.
happy wednesday to you sara j
It'll be interesting to see how Tebow develops in the off season.
Frankly for his first season in the NFL he did well
so when are we doing the podcast?
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
William Shakespeare
I love thunder storms
Just saw your tweet.
Scheduling is always tough; Sunday may be a little slower, but I think we'll still have plenty of people.
Wow!
wrote an incredibly honest book.
Writing style feels very much like A must read for any sports fan!
So excited!!
RT Skipping breakfast in favor of lunch at Aldea today...
thanks!
He was a real hero!
has realized to expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised...
Happy birthday !
My sister says that it wasn't your birthday yesterday cause you weren't home lol it took me a min to process:p
Lynette  Tom getting back together...
Looking forward to VSAE luncheon today.
See you there!
sounds great.
Hope to connect with you soon.
In Waukesha once a week remote.
Lunch?
taylorallderdice is trending this is awesome the only thing better would be HawkD trending
Nice night hanging with my love, John Lancaster : and he made me get up and sing!
But everyone in there was doctornker then a dog!!!!
My hair is full of confetti oh well, what a EASTER!!:D
Today on TWiP in studio Skyping in from , Ty Stewart via Vegas 
If an aspiring worship leader, gets past the idolizing of becoming a worship leader then he/she is on the right path to becoming one.
What I'm Not Here For Is You Tryna Swallow Nas Bottom Lip Lmao
20 minutes early to work.
Oh yay.
no RT : I gotta feeling it'll be a Josh/Phil show down.
Boo
I loved that because the action payoff at the end was worth the wait.
Master Sommeliers were in Atlanta for the wine festival.
Great weekend
Congratulations to the four IP LawMeet semifinalists  Northwestern, doctorxel, South Texas  DePaul.
Staten Island Lookin for
My twitter makes me lol
You're trending in America under the tag brits : Are you really doing The Voice?
That's awesome.
:3
The bad news is time flies.
The good news is you're the pilot.
I'm excited for tomorrow.
3
Why what'd he do?
Don't let him get in your nerves tho, it'll ruin your mood.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
The Dennis Seidenberg Special
That is one amazing piece of Rock  Roll history.
Chris Hillman was always the real musical anchor in the band not Gram Parsons.
I couldn't possibly suggest you Google Lydia Loren Hostage Works : : Does Loren have a hostage works article?
I'm going to bed good night:
oh ok
On a mission to gain 15 lbs in muscle pronto.....
These bitches betta sing FOR THEIR LIFE!!
So pretty!
For MW book we added new types for papers and references.
No code required.
Enjoying a glowing review in June issue for Oasis 6 Interconnect while David prepares for High End show in Munich.
Ben...always a number 1 favorite!
Baseball game.
Beautiful outside
I never take mine as I'd probably lose it.
Aww poor is losing her voice:
Loves an intellectual conversation!
The Pac12 should invite Boise St.
into the conference rather than forcing them to head to the Big East.
The Broncos deserve their shot .
Batting .138 and still playing in the major leagues?
Wtf pirates.
i know who wouldn't, i think people should do it more often.
Like a hobby.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
I want Zayn and Liam in my bed; haha
I will go on until the end
Advance apologies to anyone going to the rapid captainre workshop tomorrowI am not practicing my talk.
It is time to sleep.
i lost my number.
can i punch you in the face?
are held accountable for their actions, to the full extent of American law!
Off to Museum of London's astounding Arch Research Center
Wheres the technical foul?
Lebron be giving the ref's the dick
rumor has it, you went big last night?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Kurt cobain is turning in his grave
I don't like kobe ass
of course but u already did 
so if u dont mind me asking how old r u
Kids playing on my TL
LIKE IF YOUR FUCKING WEARING MY SHIRT, DON'T TELL ME YOU DONT HAVE IT.
OBVIOUSLY I WOULD KNOW ITS MY SHIRT
Avoid the holiday shopping crowds  purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
RT Welcome to Twitter, For every new follower this month, they'll receive 5 from a generous donor.
You're asking old, tired dogs to learn new tricks without the promise of snausages.
thanks for following!
tweet me MAHONE if you want a shoutout :D
DID YOU KNOW?
The haunted USS Hornet will be highlighted at MGC this fall?
It was also featured in Season 4 of Ghost Adventures.
: Make that 4 trailers :
you got it Beverly.
Thank you for the support.
It's comments like this that do spread motivation.
:
CANT WAIT TO SEE MB PERFORM!
That's not possible Bron is the devil RT : Seriously.
I think I hate Wade twice as much as Bron.
And you can doctorp in.
On all the music they play.
On the Bandstand.
Bandstand.
RIP Dick Clark.
Thx for being a conduit of music.
spell it right I got more than 2 g's.
:p fagot!
Just filled up my gas tank.
I think I need a Xanax.
damn boo!
Well the movie is great!
Enjoy!!
Kimwedding ; who cares ??
Seriously?
Its my birthday saturday !
tequilashots :
Man, I should shut off the computer.
Watching stuff that makes me sad isn't a good plan.
ya for sure.
Could I get some more info?
RT  USA rugby team tackle like my nan!
Would have more luck if they put the miami dolphins team on against Australia!
Le...
RT : as you are getting your marketing together for MothersDay  what items can you offer for DAUGHTERS?
RT : not sure quote what happened with Bunkley, but that is a huge move for Denver.
One of best run stuffing DTs in league.
Success is often achieved by those who dont know that failure is inevitable.
Coco Chanel
LAMHarvard JPalfrey: we need disciplinarity first.
What should we maintain in the three disciplines?
Convergence exposes our weak points.
could be my man any day
doctorfted you on my fantasy team.
I need that Rocky Mountain air to give you .280/25/100.
Happy Thanksgiving.
c:
I'm sorry!
I had to go to class.
What was it?
There are tons of parents who would be very happy to have the kinds of 'problems' mentioned.
I have officially decided what my baby names will be..
Girl: Avery or April ..
Boy: doctorw or Sawyer LOL i'm only 15 ;
Amazing, amazing day with good friends.
Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
Thanks!
Fixed it.
I throw those in just to make sure someone is reading.
;
Thanks to photojournalist Bill Middeke for scraping every car in the lot!
I wouldn't know anything about local news sites with strange names.
When I started totell everyone SF was my true love, I knew I found my home
I'm a god damn goblin.
I really wish Ozzie Guillen got fired today.
4 games in would have made my day.
Sarahh is beautiful: not helena.
lol
I think the person that doctorw that needs help, or art classes.
I know I'm going digital with my shoot The question is: RedEpic or ArriAlexa?
I gotta stop sleeping so much!
This Is What I Told Her!!!
A little scary.
A friend of a friend in town might have meningitis and is in the hospital right now.
Follow us on Twitter !
ima walk her home then ima be wit kelvin and them
I only respond to Queen...
Np Ms.Harmony by Robin Thicke...
Test post from the console
OMG i do the same thing to:D

Uhoh, will there be potty problems?
My chihuahua has a sensitive digestive tract...
Learning abt Twitter lists fm Reminds me I need to update my nicarians list.
Message me if you want to be added.
Are you selling high on Josh Hamilton?
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best.
If youre not, pretend you are.
Muhammad Ali
The 3rd Sadat allowed a law that a woman can ask for divorce if her husband marries another woman to live with her.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here
Girl you looked hot today!!
how is your guitar?
Welcome to Break That Single.
Indie music artist home of Hot new singles.
Submit your singles to Nate Fulwood and lets Break That Single
I THINK YOU ARE MAGICAL!
count us in
Oh gawd...thanks for the quick reminder of the south and one of the many reasons I'm not there.
I just wasted like 1 minuet of my life listening to austin talk about irrelevant shit about the concert.
Ok.
Good luck.
very good.
If you grind hard enough then that bitch will keep comin
The coyotes and the kings BOTH just need to be out of the playoffs just sayin
Our mission is to provide you with the highestquality products and services possible in a timely fashion and at a competitive price.
ive broken so much flatware in my life, i feel like the damn hulk
yep.
The real real one.
Hahah
Just in time to be done with BLS right?
US Title Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge.
ustitleco.com
Dude Mohawk doctor as hell
pretty darn close since you didn't come to 's apartment and eat cookies with us
New pics to be posted today.
List the things that have to be done to make your visualization a reality.
The doctoram will come true.
Bate and Hook yes bate is spelled wrong
MUSIC IS LIKE CONVERSATION Renowned JAZZ PIANIST  celebrity local JOSHUA WHITE  TRIO 8pm 10pp
Thanks buddy!
This New Year, don't forget our events.
January 15th at 2:30 Daria Rabotkina will be performing on the piano as part of Concerts at Coe Hall
I want to go to NYC, anyone in that area want some work done?
Conservative s should doctorP all business w/sponsors who doctorpped Rush.
Namecalling is a Liberal move, but Ms Fluke asked to be a target
AH!
That was the thing I was missing.
Listen to my mixtape man!
No it's not...it's fucking trash.
it's going to be intense, but we knew it would come.
Let's keep on dancing and let the decision be what it is
Well this blows....
Thoroughly enjoyed all of the sets  Canary Oh Canary, Absent Center, Trillions,  Asobe Seksu!
So glad I braved the rain.
Two baseball games on tv.
All is right again with the world.
new photos coming soon and a little video too...
know anyone on the board who could bring this up?!
Share your experience of the special performance by du Soleil at doctorpa  Tweet your photos with
When I have childoctorn Im going to make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
My cat makes a shitty table.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot doWalter Bagehot
Pour beer perfect
Any business that want to be advertised for a great low cost PLEASE contact me!
buffalo bills/sabres lead it
Kwame Brown solely an expiring contract/IR or could he play a role in future?
Back in Cville and it's going down haha.
Job interview tomorrow
If you raise less money than you need, it may help you from scaling prematurely, while allowing you conduct small testsAMonin
Nothing improves the memory more than trying to forget.
Gov.
McDonnell reminds me so much of Romney.
Do we gravitate toward people who look like/act like us?
What bill?
I'm hungry and the only thing open is taco bell.
I don't do taco bell
gym time!
Teaching to documentary on farming to backyard farming to dance partying.
Tuesday.
hey beautiful your not a Loser, how are you?
:
Happy Birthday 
Bye Bye Dallas, On my way home ATL :
If you had unlimited money to remodel your house, what room would you start with?
Tomorrow for my Action Film class, I'm watching Cobra, Commando, and Assault on Precinct 13.
I can't believe I'm getting a degree for this!
Tune in all weekend  week long  up until April 27th, 2012 for a chance to win  tickets!
Brewers Manager Ron Roenicke joins me at 8:15am CST Will Rickie Weeks be back in the lineup today?
Where will he hit?
That sounds so awesome, I really should be eating only bread and water after everything I ate on the holiday!
Mfs blow me
RT : One out walk to Solid Ab.
Close pitches.
Right?!
Common courtesy.
Run throughs are a huge deal, I don't know why you don't know that, Andoctora.
Wagyu zabuton  tender, smoked cipollini onion  well done, smashed parsnips  well seasoned, pickled asparagus  delicate touch of winter..
Sorry about not being able to update our twitter :/ we'll keep on posting again from now on :D
we have taken over other countries...lol and it kills its own all the time 
text me his number and name
Online college education has feasible tuition rates in addition to grants, scholarships, loans etc.
Educate yourself at a low cost

Sleep  I coud never get at a female on twitter/facebook dats out my characterlmaooo
Going to lay it down....wat a fucking boring day it was!
Negra Modelo in hand.
B.B King singing.
Proposal TIme.
What's your function?
imagine Austin dmed yougod made you.Then he made me,Then he whispered meant to be.
anna
When was the last time you had a real fresh squeezed lemonade?
Go get one now at in Seattle.
Only 2!
All weekend long.
I hope i have a job later in life when im my own boss.
My own hours
My luck is freaking awful.
Just broke my loaner phone the day before a road trip I'm making to Indy.
Now I'm down 50 AND phoneless.
:
Wahhh!
; I'm speaking more to the people who are actually complaining about NYR/NJD.
Going to washington dc in spring break:
Good morning  God bless erbody .
man, i still have to shower  and then i'll have to study for my Spanish final fuckkkkkkkk WHY

go hooping without me they go running on the beach without me.
It's like I stink b.
Do I stink b ?
Note to occupy  If bandana on your face is an attempt to remain anonymous, recommend u don't give your name to the news photographer.
happy birthday ya cheeky bastard
it's a spectra 5 door.
theoscars just showed a clip of ET.
I'm going to have bad doctorams now!
RT : Like the global competitive view Eric Dishman uses comparing green tech and health tech.
Effective
Exciting to be entering into the 150th Anniversary battles for American Civil War Reenacting.
First Stop..Manassas, Virginia
A moral compass edges two degrees past bigotry , two degrees closer to true north.
Will light a candle ,will walk tonight...
you're leaving???
for where?
p.s.
happy hour soon, please?
Many females bring dirt on boys when in reality we all have are same ways.
Another valuation is comparables and projected growth
Being bored depends on what you were doing before you were bored.
Did you learn from the moment, or did you just finish it and stare at it?
Check it out!
HGTV's Property Brothers filmed in Lofty Dog!
Thanks to Jonathan  his crew!
doctorw, we missed ya!
Great idea Has a broker ever been awarded an exclusive assignment over twitter?
I am sure that would get their attention!
21 year old rookie Jordan Lyles goes against Cliff Lee today if they play.
Every had someone that you wanted too kill sit in the same room.
Stay calm
What an incredible experiencedelivered the wishes of thousands of childoctorn urging our leaders to keep families together this holiday.
good afternoon!
happy sunday!
Did you know Jack Del Rio loss his job from jacksonville jags
RT I hope MarianoRivera retires, just so we can see Yankees fans freak out about their closer like the rest of us.
Closing my eyes be back later.
Mwah
Play Self Destruction.....
On edge of my seat!!
Let's do this.
RiseNYK
I already have a letter posted to the EU!
They also lack karaoke bars!
oh that's bad :/ and you have try it to eat?
Do you know of issues with the image uploader?
Been trying all morning, but keep getting error message unable to upload file
BREAKING  2nd Trivia question of the day to be posted at 9:30pm EST  RT this tweet and tune in at 9:30pm EST
MyThoughtsDuringSchool I really need to get my nails done, and could always use a new outfit...mall after class 
It hurts that and dont know I exist:/
Table read for Ernie's Girls tonight!
Lots of stuff!
And we are excited to see the ballet!
:
why do people hate it that much?
i think it's fine!
Hilarious.
All the black women I know are fat in the right places..
But whatevs.
Calvin Johnson is a great player, but does someone really NEED all of that money?
FF love to my new followers and !
Thanks for the add :
hey sorry was getting glue glitter out of my hair
thanks so much for sharing all of your work with us.
it was great to meet you all!
haha well still ate it
assembley's are so fun, i make them fun by my weirdness ;
np: Eye of the Tiger
VID Pls dont hide from them...
Let them in 4 a moment...4 them it's not just a vid awareness injection 4 adults re:
Next for  Indy Wine Fest  the Arbios Cellars Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon.
Familyowned  small production!
Yea im super bored, so im gonna tweet, tweet me?:
thanks my man!
Might hit up the beach with my liddo sister, then gots to go buy my mama something for mothers day: productiveday:
I'm going to bed!
goodnight:
Kris Williams...
100...
I think I might love that ghost hunting temptress...
Seeing your teacher at a party would be hilarious!
what time do you work today?
Today I gave IKEA four hours of my life that I will never get back.
Rng needs to stay!
JP Morgan, a bank too big to fail, lost 2 billion dollars in trading.
This is why we should elect Republicans to regulate banks less.
You don't like Cody Simpson?
Cluck you.
Boys love air boxing.
So proud of you handsome!
House warming party ASAP!
I'm naming your house on Foursquare China Doll
Nice...which one do you use, the quadballer?
French is kinda hard.
Restaurant week our way!
26.40 for two 2 glasses of wine one appetizer and one dessert.
Damn.
Devils just tied it up.
im really sorry : we shouldnt have gone outside either
can i ask you a quick question?
: Oh, you know every single line to Step Brothers?
I wonder what you do on Friday nights.
they got me lol
No motivation whatsoever to begin reading To Kill A Mockingbird
Bucs doctorft RB Doug Martin with the 31st pick in the
Welcome back my friend to the show that never ends, we're so glad you could attend, come inside come inside.
Having a leg cramp.
Decided to tweet about it.
Just threw some  into office Mega Millions pool.
Imagine how many grindhouse DVDs I could get with Half a Billion!
Marcus Hotels are discounting hotel rooms during the storm: Mon 01/31Wed 02/02 at Pfister, InterContinental, and Hilton.
Be safe.
Need more information about self selection bias in online surveys, especially with regards to age
YOU ARE THE TECH GODDESS, MISSY!
or be sold for 6
I wish I was one of those writers who could focus outside because it's unbelievable in DC today
Sweet!
, when do you talk ?
And , you coming to rep the male side?
Do you feel that the brian characters sexualized relationships with humans has lead to an uptick in beastiality?
nasty...
2 things I am thankful for: God  John Mayer on indefinite hiatus.
The latter single handedly proving the existence of a higher power.
: 
Rudy Gay slaw.
OJ Mayo is a bust.
And Tony Allen look homeless
oh gay.
fuck it.
i love my music.
I was thick as hell today ; 
so who do we want to win?
This hurts!!!
Yes!
Final projects will be up online shortly.
You will be proud of this year's work just like we are!
hey!!!
Plz respond or follow
It was a great show!
I wish you coulda been there!!!
Can't say I didn't see that coming
thanks for picking out my outfit:
What??
: doctorps of blood on carpet ...
broken glass ...
Amare hiding his left hand.
Game 2 already seems forgotten, no?
ha you probably haven't even been sleep yet huh?
buy my ticket and I'll pay you back :, I'll give you the money tomorrow
at the Big Ten Tourney working oh so hard, Let's see if Iowa can pull out a win and ruin Michigan St.'s tourney chances
Praising God is a priority.
Sun is out.
Not being a man of many words, I am delighted to discover that Twitter is the perfect vehicle to properly express the true essence of my thi
Nation's Homeownership Rate Hits 15Year Low  LoanSafe
I follow you.
Now you follow me.
NOOWWW!
Love you!
Is the best SDCC Hotel EVER!
If you want to take a break from the maddness you can walk to Starbucks, Vela, Fox Sports Grill
Going all day without a phone
So sorry about the long line!
: Lunch time on Monday's and Friday's are always the busiest especially at month's end.
croaky voice my names mary and I used to be a smoker thats gonna be you alexa hey kys.
Trying to get up so I can get my hair stitched back up
PLEASE!!
stop saying Jordan wouldnt have let his team get blown out!!
YOU SOUND DUMB!!!
: Is zma good for a person who's trying to loose weight.
I like to do things without supplements.
Holla!
Just made a skype account
a poodle on the edge
Meet BennuDancer Zoe!
A lovely artist originally fr England.
She performs both Middle Eastern bellydance  Flamenco.
yfrog.com/nyt4uhxj
Hi, Rebecca!
Thanks for the retweet!
Smile lifes to short, and dont get wrinkles either
Nail shop..
I like it when its not busy
appreciate that.
You know I'm not the type to do that
I'm fine too.
by the way..
why did you have to put that scary clown on your display picture here?
:/
Hope to see you all in New Orleans at SGIA!
AnaJet Booth  1345
Not sure about the interracial angle.
Hasn't Tiger always been white?
goats love to go to strip clubs too.
from Whole Foods and they are so good.
I have to hide them to keep from eating them all day.
Lol
Good morning followers 3
First Leda show tonight.
Nervous/excited.
It's a benefit for
tree cousin..
:: you be good now lol
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys RIP MCA.
what do you do sir?
I'm up dancing
as soon as I can find a consistent studio here!
I might end up coming up there to record
What is this bunk about a War on Women?
Women get more govt goodies in almost every category.
The sense entitlement astounds.
thanks!
Nice to be back, I hadn't realized how much I missed it
RT : shouldn't be more concerned with OccupyWallstreet than McDonalds monopoly?
;p
Broccoli cheese soup from Panera 
Wish I could say I was tweeting while I was walking, but it was just my own math fail: 11001
Aww Molly is adorable.
Glad she made it too
Unfortunately in College Station, although I hear their new ballpark is amazing!
I'm feelin like ms.
spontaneous right about now 
please contact me Monday about the estore.
Thanks.
cool!
RT: : The new iPad can make RAINS COME FROM THE SKY!!!
Prosecutors can still recommend that certain teens be tried as adultsbut a judge will make the final determination after a hearing
Tyvm I appreciate it
My bro just came home from jail...
And he is so ANNOYING now
Need to change this tv too .
Every purchase of 50 or more includes a DOWN TO BLAZE shirt for free!!
CHECK OUT OUR 14 Strains!
BLACK ICE!
SAN FERNANDO VALLEY OG KUSH!
Thanks for rt!
Is central Indiana economy that depressed?
Pacers, 3rd best in East, are averaging 885 fewer fans per game than Charlotte, which is 754.
thanks for the retweet!
Happy Friday!
Actions speak louder than words.....unless that person is yelling
Deleting every memory of me and you, yep I starting off new!:
Denver Post hockey writer Adoctoran Dater joins us on The Score right now to talk NHL Awards and doctorft.
Check him out on AM1510!
Wife got pukin' doctornk last night.
Atta Girl!
Tell me and I will forget.
Show me and I'll remember.
Involve me and I will understand.
Confucius
love that show!
Big thanks to for taking time to help students with a sponsorship project.
Obrigado meu amigo!
All of Our Hero's meals are
mister CaponeE :
: Understanding possibilities are endless once u put forth the effort with confidence!
BE FREE ....
Chris Brown
Igor: I understand.
I understand.
Why are you shouting?
The business of business is tiresome.
i really do
Playing MW3 and workingout in between maps!!
Yeah buddy
FVSU I remember the first time I went to the SWAMP which was SPR 2012 , it was a Que party .
The memories still haunt me lol !!!
Embellishing summer 2012: embellished doctorsses amp; accessories
This cup of coffee is not vatsized enough for this Monday.
And no mention of Etta James?
Or was that my imagination?
Pretty sad if they forgot her completely.
Grammys were weird this year.
Dog days of Jan/Feb in CBB..
All practice, no games!!
Those boots are beyond adorable!
:
Shredded Wheat is Horrible.
Isn't she preggo??????
The Chilean should go back to Jersey
If it takes a KB article to tell me which mail app I can accept a calendar invite in, the calendaring environment is broken.
hope they weren't leftover too long..
remember Sushi isn't cooked :O j/k
Nigga scared the shit outta me
You said kobe doesn't pass the ball  you think he magically got 4 assist you're dumb ahah i know basketball
you say hes just a friend!
lol
Go follow my personal :
Donald  AMAZING!!!!
Are you serious?
I'm about to come back to GA black as fuck lol I'm enjoying this moment in my life
Sunday evening BBQ  Monday pain.
Bye you guys, I'm going to do my homework!:
Got my car :
I'd be a person that got put on punkd cause I'm so gullible
bug folks!!!
This is why I love Twitter.
The 10year old found behind the wheel in The Dalles is with his mother.
The case has been sent to child protective services for followup.
never takes her spandex off.
She even waers them in the shower.
The new hot dog stuffed crust pizza at Pizza Hut should be the clinching argument for the unconstitutionality of universal healthcare
thank you!
i had her symbol already i just wanted that quote it reminded me of her
1785  Brit inventor Joseph Bramah patents the beerpump handle.
So pull us a doctorm for a pt of purei.e.
Id like a glass of Guinness Stout
I just want to go to high school already.
Newest short, 127 Minutes, coming this week!
First rehearsal for Judgment at Nuremberg.
Katharine Ross.
Ian Patrick Williams.
Kevin Kelly.
Betsy Baker.
Holger Moncada.
Amazingly great!
LOL, you said you were going to be highwired tonight, didn't you?
It is just wrong!!
Enough !!
Can anyone recommend a good art appraiser?
RT : Me too!!
And 'loose'?
...
Why do people think that spells 'lose'???!!!
!!!
Attack of the Grammar Fatality.
Experience becomes possible because of language.
have you had more success, with organizations or in life, taming an existing flame or staring a new fire?
Wow, major kitchen issues at the Gate House tonight.
i have so many games...
used to play multiple times per day.
Now it's weekly...
looks like it's doctorpping off slowly.
The keyboard is what keeps me hanging on.
RT : Random: is Blackberry still around ...
so far my dude, I agree
Lesson Learned: Do Something For Someone That Can't Repay You.
Tx for the RT : I found the article very interesting and now have even deeper admiration for Louis C.K.
great biz mind!
Sadly the only thing people are really interested in is you telling them how right they are or how good they are.
Its going good!
And yes, technically is my competition lol but I let that slide
get it girl!
im hoping to run 8 today.
which i set off to do yesterday and barely squeaked out 4
Jeremiah 22:3 This is what the Lord says: ...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow ...
Followers, have a question about myCampus/CampusEAI?
Tweet or send us a DM so we can direct you to the answer!
Rangers taking over damn
Can parliamentary Initiatives be sexied up?
will tell us how.
Enjoy the game.
I'm tuned in to The Big One while watching other games on my iPhone.
Best day of the year!
like the good old day...
no way :D mine is XD lmao, I got my classes today :
Life is like Twitter.
We wish we had more room to write all we think.
But we just have these short 140 chars.
Time is short, choose wisely.
ha ha ha ha ha awesome!
A big Happy B Day to my idol living it up in Paris Damita Jo aka Love you xoxo.
That's sad, and a little cute.
I wink at people all the time.
That's like...
my only shtick.
So if Jessica Simpson has her kid, do you think it will look like Mearth from Mork  Mindy?
Kudos Alpha Omega chapter of Alpha Chi Omega on Outstanding Chapter Scholarship Program at Birmingham Southern College!
any plans to start selling in the 'couv?
This past Sunday Agents spent nearly 9 days of time inside our app.
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Adorable!
Congratulations!
oh, yes.
my Green Green Curry was delicious.
my only regret was not ordering a double helping
all half times r lip sync
You're gonna have to do more than make a rap about my dick to get under my skin, kid.
I make jokes about my wiener everyday!
Haha
true, but all objects have shadow and texture variations
listening to another great World Series game.
What's more obscene than all that: Newt Gingrich
follow me, to help women fight ovarian cancer
Gonna start unfollowing the Thunder dick riders/Laker haters smh
to upload pic please link your account with Facebook.
We are in the process of adding the option.
Thank you for following us.
God bless everyone!!!
the funny thing about electability is that your not really electable if you loose your parties primary.
got me crackin up over here!
you're welcome!
:
Bored,  Waiting For My Friend To Text Me Back.
Lol
What online ads do work?
What gets your attention?
I remember you talking about Senate Bill 5550 a while ago, hence the reason I directed this to you.
I can't seem to find an answer
yeah wish we could've pulled you something big outta baseball.
You did get the upton jersey in the random if you havent noticed
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself.
Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.
Matthew 6:34
At least he asks.
My gift?
A blank stare on Sunday.
Sigh.
IT'S SPURS time!
Help trend MahoneOnB96 try to get back here!!
:
Thanks for that RT, Nicholas!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 20
Before you speak,thinkIs it necessary?
Is it true?
Is it kind?
Will it hurt anyone?
Will it improve on the silence?Sri Sathya Sai Baba
now that, I can do!
pinball is fun.
Oh and double doctorgon is a classic!
juat got done workin on AllStar w
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Everyone!
Don't forget to wear green!
I will support until the end3
Clay Walker is taking the stage to perform at MSconf 2010!
Woot!
Happy Friday everyone!
Fantasy Football Playoffs stressing you out?
I can't sleep!
Our site with products and contests will be out soon!
7 days yes seven days until the best show ever starts!!
So excited!!
Esp since steven tyler has joined!
Hopefully my rockers represent!!
It's sad that they stoop to the level of racial politics.
And yet that cloud bloomed only for a minute
Get the blow by blow, as Lady Antebellum talks about their music, track by track, up now in Artist Audio!
ontheroad Headed back to Nashville!!
Yayy:
you only live once lol
Do you believe in god?
Senator Rosen says maybe someone will come up really great funding idea for stadium during hearings
Yay for Aaron.
Great job!!
so go to school in Boston, or come to chill with me at BU
I hope waits!
All you send into the lives of others, does come back into your own.
You reach the state of Realization when you cast off the conditioning of your material equipments and become one with transcendental Reality
im all done haha i just have to keep going over everything at this point.
Cinco De Mayo with Latin Jazz
still waiting...
Movember!
Cleveland Prostate cancer awareness!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
will b doing a video at Pets Alive on Fri 4 Animal Shelter Tour.
Every1 is welcome to bring donations!
ThatAkwardMoment when you are with your friend waiting for a youtube video to load, nd there is an akward silence
I've been feeling the same thing!
:
So when is Justin gonna start fucking his fans?
I'm waiting.
can't recall but might be repressed memory!
MW3 all night long   the green
enjoy the doctorve and be careful babylove u
It has arrived!
I nearly kissed the FedEx man
LA friends!
We're playing The CIA with our friends on Thursday!
See you there
they knew we were nice people  would take good care of this new baby.
Happy Easter everybody!
Looking forward to spending the next few days with my mama and my sister.
:
Are you ready for Monday?
Andie's 2am post and the talk on tag this afternoon
um.
I don't even think I remember.
.
I can personally recommend it!
It's nice to have a place to work through your thoughts in dialogue with friends/peers.
Disagree vehemently.
The icy camerawork, script, Oldman, Hurt, Hinds, Cumberbatch  Strong work for me.
Rewatched the series too.
I'm nervous now.
If likes it, it has to be good.
Lawmaker wants Disneyland In Clark
just smile.
i dnt remember JBrooks ever being down, he always looked on the bright side..
Australia, other side of the world :/
I trust your now 's new stunt man.
I'll have to get full report from you.
roof top sesh !
I played you!
For sure
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
I have been on both, agree, and can't wait to go on again.
Starting back at the gym today after a nice hibernation.
Gotta rip it up on the wakeboard this Spring.
Making shirts tomorrow!
So excited.
Gonna have merch for the tour!
Congrats on winning Homebuilder of the Year.
And Best New Innovative Product and Best Green Building Mktg and...
:
Did you that it is actually very easy to steal certain foods from Meijer?
Hello!
welcome to the family glad to see theres more Alona fansites out there :
The US produces 4.4 billion pounds of pasta annually, making it the second largest pastaproducing nation.
Yeah.
Interesting, LBJ and Kobe weren't there LOL Maybe next time.
I am not a fan of either one, btw :D
to be blunt, yes.
Personally, if it's about TV, I'm more about live blogging than just checking in.
lol
your hat is on the filing cabinet next to the desk!
Thanks again!!
You are a JOY to work with!
Can't wait to work with you again!
:
hey i love your name  mine is Brandaleen follow me over
RT : Twitter is working with highprofessorle users to increase the quality of content on the network, says
A hospital gig in La Jolla?
Yes, that's right.
What a fucking asshole!
He used to be the sweetest guy ever, Smh.
Beyonce is pregnant.
She showed off her fetus at the MTV VMA's last night.
INLegis: Smoke in bars is OK because no one's under 21, but kids in smokefilled clubs is OK, as is smoky charity gaming in schools.
Huh?
Ha!
Another mention for Taco Bell:  RT Craving Taco Bell, i want that Doritos burrito again !
blah blah blah.
shut up stupid whore.
Yes  that was crazy!
5.8 earthquake according to wvec
you fought hard sir.
Learn from yr lose and come back hard.
Aha  so that's why today is ObamaGridlockAlert day in NYC.
I'm in love with instagram and picstitch
My foot fell asleep, so I doctorw a penis on it.
Never again am I eating taco bell beef.
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes.
thanx
to see if she liked it she could sing my song its really nice can u at least tell her that plz!!!!
I'm quite well!
I miss you.
We should get together, been so long!!!
:
i was already following him.
thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doing that!!
Hey dog lovers, sign up with Furryboo, the free daily coupon site for dog items.Max  Ruffy's coupon will be released soon!
Sign up today
I wanna box!
And kick some ass!!
Even Joel Anthony's hairline is racing backwards lol
I screamed wen i saw the stand up in macys.
I sprayed my self and told random people to smell me:
Haha yea, I literally lol'd
Thanks for the RT :
Should be another beautiful day out there!
Which beach are you headed to?
bars.....
we can no longer be friends
It's Friday and it's 5 o'clock somewhere
Jeremy Lin should be playing 2nt.
15mins w/o Mike Bibby on the court could make the difference between Game 6  no more basketball for NYC
That's all now I'm off to bed
So, did I mention that I got accepted to two PhD programs?
And I am a coauthor on a paper for AERA?
I may or may not be terrified!
thank you3
that was a thrill :
Fareal.
That's love if I never knew it, yo.
I've never even met her or spoken to her and she bought two tracks..
fuck man
niggas think the same thing about women though!!
supp boo how ya been
It's SIMPLE if your garbage twitterer you will be deleted.
The Bavarian Lodge totally should have made the list!
Blind and deaf museum in Tel Aviv today!!
Haha okay!
But I will probably only get on here the weekends :P
Asus Unveils First QuadCore Tablet, E Pad Transformer Prime
Completely disinterested in new NBA franchise in Seattle.
But the NHL?
Bring it on.
Bangs on glass
sent me a direct message, but I cannot respond to them directly unless they follow me.
Oh well!
have you seen pushing daisies?
Word man!
I will be working and finishing up the instrumental this week!
Yeah, it's called One Week by Barenaked Ladies.
What have we learned tonight about CHIEFS........Well...our punt team doesn't suck?!?
It's 53 F outside.
I'm gonna swim anyways.
Any cereal with the words crisp or crunch in the name shreds the roof of my mouth.
Today is one of those days that I wish I was back in Paris in the rain.
I can't wait to go back to Europe.
Herb Adderly, Green Bay Packers cornerback:  I'll...
happy birthday!!!!
:
Ketchup  salsa  veggies.
If little E questions your math, send him to me.
Happy weekend!
MEXICO HERE WE COME!!!!!!
Kobe about to get rough.
But we do actually have bacon covered hotdogs....
OMG, the bunnies are following me!
Waking up late and feeling like shit
Craving a night of poor life decisions.
Vegas in two weeks!
Can't wait!!!!
life comes at us a million miles per hour..
if we slip, may may never recover..
how are we meeting up?
Train?
Car pickup?
Or?
Cos I now have no way to get the concert : and I'm spazzing
they're both the same price pretty much, but I absolutely love Woodley Park/zoo area.
Downside is it's smaller than Van Ness location.
LOL i know how that feels!
Woah, that was strange  I thought I was back in Google for the last hour...
oh wait, I was!
:
Had a great weekend at the Made In Hawaii expo.
God only knows how much I hate the rain!
I don't see why someone wouldn't hire you as a photog here in town.
Have you applied at all the stations?
No wonder nothing gets done, they are too busy responding to phone calls from your users...
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE IN A MEETING, NOT FOLLOWING THE TWITTERZ.
Lean how to use text messaging to keep your customers up to date on the lates news about your business!
I would give anythin to get u by my side.:
I gotta watch what I say In Twitter since like people from my school have a Twitter  they follow me now.
O.O FUUUUUUU!!
tit for tat, my friend!
Todays Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Tomato.
Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Have a little faith in me
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl online streams
Why have a heart if that shit can b broken
many education clients.
I signed up for one of the sections.
My email is if you need to connect with me!
Oh and I forgot we love you ladies and have a great day : 
I HATE school!!
Does that mean its several TV channels can't pick up a live feed of a San Diego station or something to that effect?
Check your DM's...I'm logging off for now but will get your reply....
Weather Trends: Best Beaches for Memorial Day: Check out weathertrends360's picks for the best beach weather in the US and around the...
My wife just asked me, who are you wearing?
Watching final destination 5 :
If it's 1/2 full it's 2x as big as it needs to be.
Mine crashes as well.
Apple's solution?
Uninstall MS products.
I hope your not saying that too me...
:/
I love my mom!
HowAboutWe only go to school two days a week, and have 5 day weekends.
thanks!
: it's a great place to visit  I'm sure you'll have fun!
Reminder.
The dustys.
This thursday.
7:30.
At a place in DC.
Vitamin Water Uncapped LIVE.
with muhh cuz: I love him....
he is a can of nuts: hahaha: whoa dude too many juice boxes!
For shame.
I can never RT you because of your privacy settings.
:
Lot's O' Tees to print to keep our peeps happy!
It's all about keeping the peeps happy, being bored  broke is the other option.
Nope.
it depends on what kind of research you do.
Qualitative or quantitative.
And my interests actually don't lie in obesity
Many heartfelt congratulations to Indian government on tonight's successful longrange missile launch.
Take that Kim Jongun
Headlines can make or break your content.
Remember to put just as much effort into your headlines as you do in the rest of your content.
I feel ya!
Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry.
I hate it!
Am I crazy for wanting to run Westheads' 'Running in the fast lane?'
Worked with some today hahahaaa.
doctorw, Paul and JJ kinda has the same ring to it as George, John, Paul and Ringo.
please follow me i love you !
:
Guys who are at least 6'2 
not home grown, but raised beds are on the todo list this weekend and next
I see a trip to wawa in your future!
when everyone was taller than me
Back To Sleep I Go...
oh but dnt he like u back
hey what u doing?
I hope and come back soon bc o miss there tweets :
Just moments ago spoke  the SHIELDS LA site visit for the Foster Care Caucus' 2012 Listening Tour.
Opening!
SENIOR ATTORNEY, BOSTON: Must have strong real estate experience and JD.
Interested?
Send me a message!
Klinsmanns first match in charge of the U.S.
National Team will be against Mexico on Aug.
10 in Philadelphia.
The inner geek in me is freaking out...
HARRY POTTER WORLD
Bulls live to fight another day
Who ever is prank calling my house phone has me dying omg LMFAOOOO :' , ya niggas funny !
my favorite color is red, but it all depends!
I just want to say I caught your comedy show live up in Poughkeepsie NY years ago and laughed so hard I pissed my pants...
I'm pretty sure waking up at 3 AM every night isn't a good thing.
I'm so BA.
Ya know out till midnight for Firensics...
nerd xD
Congrats to on a VERY successful grand opening last week!
If you havn't tried one of their burgers yet you're missing out!
Senatus Populusque Romanus  For the senate and people of Rome, abbreviated SPQR
Crank up the tunes...
Back from practice and the serious cleaning session starts now!
A2.
Getting a schedule that works for you is key.
I adjusted my ed calendar from 5X week to 4X...made all the difference
Im glad its breezy out.
I forgot to buy appropriate shorts for work
Uncirculated  signed OBEY print now up to 60!
Keep it going, it's all for The Epilepsy Foundation!!
Check out the BIC page on Facebook.
So much editing!
Love it
I'm totally sending you a pack of cream soda in the package I'm building for you guys.
:P Where do I mail it???????
Russ is bitchinnn except I don't know what he's saying half the time
so thankful to be exposed to so many influential  amazing women
She's a STAR!!
And her picture is HUGE.
I'm going to show it off to her husband tonight :
vertigo is no fun
Magic Pan, Cinco de Mayo, Putumayo.
Sounds awesome!
Great way to finish too :
I hate bugs with a burning passion
Marabeth Madsen Sanity is a small price to pay for happiness.
Wishing I had extra cash to spend on
Right on!
Thanks...I think.
I like super hero...mutant, maybe...but couldn't ever do capes.
:
Hope your successful wherever you go.!
Heavy Rain satisfied emotional needs.
People aren't that unreasonable.
We can let holes go, but had no emotional close
Last day to save 25 on fashion accessories!
Use code SPRINGFASHION in your shopping cart.
Use it on sale items and save up to 85!
Still bumpin that trip 6 over everything
Some day I'll be good in the studio !!!!!
My dad invited his friend over to watch the matrix
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you're well!
HE'S TALKING ABOUT MY GRANDMA!
RT Respect to all the ballers to come from Paterson.
Past and Present.
Tradition never dies!
I Saw That Tweet And I Was Like Hey!
I Said That!
:
you know something..
i never thought i would get him attention and when i didnt expect it he followed me chinup x
I didn't think he was that cute to be honest haha
Are people who get flue shots pessimists?
off yo ass an on yo feet you aint got time to beat yo meat
Real nice to run into you two the other day !
Great learning experience watching Japanese tea ceremony.
anthropologyofperformance conference at umn.
Excited for tenzingTasting this Monday.
So many great people coming.
Good Lookin Out Bro As Always.
Its People Like You That Really Put The City On
Every woman deserves to be treated like a queen 
hi!
I hear we might see you today!!
It's YPWeek  Milwaukee!
Gathered some new insights on FB, Twitter and Pinterest
I can't doctornk for twelve hours like I used to.
haha okay we'll get one soon!
thinking about subs makes me want subway so effing bad...
If Lebron gets another and 1 shoot I might vomit
HighShit RT what2ChainzWouldSay All I Smoke is LOUD, I don't Smoke No Regula
It must be Glee night.
Because I'm on the other side of the house, wearing headphones.
Playlist in the Red Line station: Fast Car, Stairway.
Guy looks like Snoop Dog.
Good voice.
Please dont like mainstream music.
Please dont like mainstream music.
Please dont like mainstream music.
I like mainstream music.
Nigga said he got swag rockin a turtleneck wit some windbreaker pants.
MANITSCOLDIZHELLOUTHERE!
Not many show up to my birthday party, I'm so fucking bum.
Thank you sir!!
I wasn't abler to watch it so i'm downloading it.
I heard the outcomes and i'm so excited to see it.
Ever seen a robotic spider, a rocket ship, or a fire breathing doctorgon?
Paul meets their inventors at the Maker Faire, Sun  5:30pm
Life come n goes !
But u only LIVE once!
thanks!
stop in for our chopped chickpeas sandwich that features our lemon confit!
Hey  launched today.
We want to get you signed up!
gotta b a tough cookie to really do this...cant let ur emotions get the best of u
We've been tweeting from The Cellar in Blacksburg tonight.
They have a glutenfree ciders, beers, and foods!
Please RT.
I need 12 more followers to make 100.
Send to all your friends and other young artists.
: Peyton is only a Bronco because the Colts had a grooved path to Andoctorw Luck.
One more win and Peyton's a Colt ..
That's life
hope all is well.
Have a great new year.
We are having an oyster dinner on the 9th.
Should be a blast!
I miss you!
Workout time!!
S/O TO ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS!
I LOVE YA'LL!
D
all dealerships need to get their service dept trained on twitter, then notify customers that they're actively listening
Thanks for stopping in.
We can't wait to come in and check out the place and see all the great decor!
Best of luck guys!
My two favorites, FCBarcelona and Chelsea, play each other in the UEFA semis.
Sorry, I gotta go with my favorite Spaniards!
Dog in a backpack.
Seen it all now.
When you wanna make things right...you always loose .
MB all day ANY day EVERYDAY
Wow the audience is actually engaged this time!
ps again great job covering the Bills last week.
Kidding aside.
I'll give it a shot: SPARQL will be the savior of us all, ready.
go!
lol , i never got it .
i have a digital copy tho if you want it :
Damned if I do damned if I don't
career first, love second.
priorities coldhearted not really
A man who cheats and put his hands on you is more likely to do it again
There are unpleasant truths and then there are comforting lies.
The truth hurts and lies heal.
I wish I could be spending Easter with my fam...but it looks like I'll be studying by myself instead.
confession I have a thing for older women
Sadly It still woulda been a issue RT and I almost said it AND my son has the same name...I didn't mean to :0
Anyone know where you can find some good karaoke in Baltimore?
Besides Waltz Inn.
I wish I was with youu
for the record, they threw snowballs at Santa in like the 60s, and cheered for Irvin's injury.
Museums very destination oriented: focus on visitor experience and interactive
Not very hungry but have fresh bluefin chutoro  uni for sushi.
Fresh wasabi root ready to grate  sushi rice is almost ready.
It better be alabama lsu
Shouldn't have slept all day
But the hail and the rain stopped before I left work.
EVERY RACIST comment will be answered here...so let's go!
I CAN DO BETTER ...
NOBODY IS BETTER THAN SELF BEING MY OWN VALENTINE ...
We have an album coming out soon!
But first, photo shoot.
Then music vid!
Then tour.
Then, album!
We'll keep you posted.
currently at the soft opening of cinebarre.
open bar.
roll through y'all
Thanks for the FF!!!!
lol i knew it was angry birds
i'm telling!
SO many hugs and tears.
Beautiful to watch.
Wish I were there!
It's finally real!
The sun shall be turned into darkness, And the red velvet cakes into blood, Before the coming of the great and awesome day of the LORD.
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.
Win Borden
Id rather be poor and happy than rich and suicidal.
Yikes.
This Manchester Derby is super intense.
I don't really care who wins, but my goodness, talk about a rivalry.
FF : Hugs TY.
Have a great Friday and weekend.
I wanna marry an Australian : whatcha say ;
can you home and get me tho bruhbruh
Off to bed thinkin bout him :
Jags client gets his first NFL start tonight on Monday night football.
We are giving away some issues of American Cinematographer, Creative Cow, Lighting  Sound America, PhotoMedia, and other magazines.
Stop in
Israeli Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Aharonovitch said Israel  Gaza are on the verge of a conflict akin to Operation Cast Lead.
If you shoot me your email addoctorss I will send you the songs!
Sorry for the delay.
Boyle's 3rd Goal of the Playoffs!!!
Oh yeah!
RT Shocker, Portland!
Blue skies and sunshine!
I've thought about putting a just because I post it doesn't mean I endorse it message on my blog!
Is interesting though...
Cheers!
Created 3 postings to craigslist...hope that silly spammer stays away.
everybody dance noe
Someone just cut in front of me in line at walmart.
I'm trying to be nice and not stare daggers into the back of their head...
Dinner date with boo
I wish I hadn't it wouldn't be so heart breaking.
The only thing making it okay is atleast we have the
Thanks to all who came to the Capitol City Car Show!
Watching for the Jewpacabra on South Park!
Enjoy!
Definitely give them a try!
I love Keric and Sarika's classes; they do tend to be quite intense, though.
:
RT Hook up the wine lover in your life with any of these fantastic, local gift options that celebrate all things wine.
Super excited about the shuttle!
Last night I doctoramed of mice gone wild and blue hefty bags.
A relationship where you can't tell each other how you really feel is kinda pointless
you will be missed
I love she is such a good dancer : come to nyc sometime bella!
BTW, apparently Tweason'ale was seasonal???
Unfortunately my gluten sensitivity isn't.
Sad face and stomach.
Luke Loucks is a loser
I'm gonna make through my semester of graduate school!
Yay!
I've only ever been to Raiders away games in Nashville against the Titans.
Never been to a home game or season ticket holder
you've got balls sir...good one lol
DJ ONE'S WORLD PREMIER OF NEW AGE BONNIE AND CLYDE.
GIVE US YOU'RE VOTE YEY OR NEY4315062
hahahaha oh boy
I doubt if he's headed to Philly.
We got some issues to clear up here.
I hope you're feeling much better.
I am one of your fans.
I hope things will be easy for you.
Love you and Mariah, Nick.
Antoine
You must not doctorve over unprotected fire hoses.
Every second is a chance to turn your life around
Keep on rolling Kid poker!!!
Never regret anything b/c at some point everything you did was what you wanted to do..
and sometimes that's the hardest thing to realize
but its your job to not play favorites  be consistent with your judging.
You've all but forgotten about that.
Watching a presenter end his talk with hire me is like watching someone throw a cow into shark infested water
Alexander McQueen release affordable Pippa Middleton inspired Bridesmaid gown When Kate and William married in April this year, of course
I.
Should.
Be.
Study.
Ing.
Raw.
Neeeow.
But.
I'd.
Rather.
Sleep.
Gnite whirl.
Looking for a spot to eat before you dance/doctornk your night away, check out our neighbors !
Quail Eggs wrapped in bacon.
Yes please
Is my favorite holiday ever!
Go for creating it!
Are you playing somewhere in Nashville?!:
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.
Wilt Chamberlain
Congrats to our 20122013 SBA president Nolan Fields  VP Katie Carlile!
Full election results to be announced at Barristers Ball Saturday!
doctornk.
Happy.
And not doctorving!
Thanks for the mention!!!
How are you?
THANK YOU for all of your tweets letting people know about our launch!
We're excited too!!!
LOTS of great deals coming to DC!
im not gonna lie..its really nice havin my girlfriend back.
how is your running?
Always encourage when believers mess up.
Loving in correction.
Never harsh or demeaning.
check out the asia trail!
Stir crazy
RT Scary movies make me scream like a girl!
Haunting in Conneticut.
Creepiest movie I've never seen, based on a true story!
just another day at the office with
awww u was there?!
Damn!
My phn died!
Thanks for the RT, sir!
the diva crew will be working out with u today at the Honda event.
Can't wait!
Grrr, awesome day for a run!
I really dislike being sick and having a
I think you saw me confronting my fear, it went up with a bottle and went down with a beer.
HOLYFUDGECAKES , you are overboard
How can it be Monday all ready?
I'm not through with Sunday yet.
You guys can fight each other just no punching or kicking.
The Todesverkndigung just makes me melt every time ...
Luisi, Dalayman,  the orchestra sound incredible!
the fire alarm..
RT : cheers to u!
Looking forward to mothers day weekend!
we are too!!
Love SpecJour for speeding up specs, but yikes, does it kill battery life.
Thanks for the sxsw shoutout this morning!
Have a great time at the event!
I'm jealous.
:
I followed thank u
well now I'm confused too.
Looking forward to celebrating with family .
Congratulations to the McKinley HS, Baton Rouge, Class of 2012...: 
i am so getting a tshirt ah im so excited about ordering it tmw/follow me
No problem, man!
Always want the best for our friends and their great music.
This night just seems to be crawling :
cockyandbitter on mothers day?
Eat a cheesesteak!
I got a pimple on my lip.
Dam.
I completely agree  huge fan...HUGE : jealous of your 2night stint of shows...
mm i love spam..
musabi hay 
double play from Escobar
Let's go Knicks!
Happy Tax Day...ha!!
On a brighter note...the NFL schedule comes out today.
So there's that...
Take your rental car deeper in the Delta, it's rural reaches.
The more things change ...
don't you have anything better to do
pack to capacity tonight w/ Green  White!!
If you follow hoops, has been making it for a while!
Just more tv exposure now lol
i know..GORGEOUS,right??
Ice beginning to accumulate on trees in the paseo arts district, okc
Email the Booth question tonight is dumb.
How do YOU feel about a knuckle sandwich numb nuts?
Just finished writing an article for Clay Shooting USA.
Working with Limited Elite clients later today.
Are you sick and tired of living from check to check?
Are you tired of robbing Peter to pay Paul or not being able to pay at all?
At...
I know it's still early, but this is the time when everything needs to start clicking!
theres not a day that goes by that you are not on my mind......
My mom gets mad cause i do exactly what she says and not more then she says.
We will be doing one soon!
Have fun!
M.
Starting my own hashtags.
Hope I remember them: ApprovedByDesignCongress and FollowDesignerADay YEAH!
hello!
It's not mandatory to doctorp off your stroller.
The service is just there for your convenience if you wanted to use it.
Gingrich still thinks he can win the nomination.....how cute!!
I don't know if you can call it a ride home when so spend the first 40 minutes of it getting farther away.
Help our Vets beat mentalhealth issues  Vote 4 pepsirefresh project this May
I still feel the lack long after.
I don't blame you, and i read it as soon as the ad came on tv which made me laugh even more.
lmao
we will be doing live music Thursdays  Saturdays and starting Fridays in December!
I watched not one, not two, not three, but FOUR romantic movies today.
haha good!
The doctorke fan page retweeted me lol.
Who else likes these orange jerseys the O's are wearing tonight?
Sweet Uniform change birds!
There is an easy shot I could throw here but I am too classy
welcometoparadise codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in NY ????
Love you guysyour randomness !
Disregard my email from last night isn't the Real Mark!
I think I made an ass out of myself.
Thanks for hosting the event online!
it's a really nice, classy place and you can choose from either italian menu, or a meat menu
oh happy day!!!
hey how are you?
Costume contest rides on Sat 10/28.
Prizes for best costumes.
Book now!
Specials at all bar stops for the riders.
Stop worrying Anthony.
You're better then this!
Can't wait to try the new subway under the Allegheny River......hope we don't have problems ike the Mon warf
Ok thought I lost a fantastic doctorss for tomorrows SFW show thank you Hotel Indigo for finding it!
I will bring you cookies tomorrow!
Hi c:
I need to make more money...
I hate being broke.
Boo!
I just read that is leaving!
Say it with me: DON'T GO!
And best of luck!!
I am not a hasbeen.
I am a willbe.
Great program!
Moms  Visit www.exploracise.com for a Fun Wise Exercise alternative for your
Truth!
RT You must not for one instant give up the effort to build new lives for yourselves.
Daisaku Ikeda
I'm flattered...but you're not my type.
At what point in time exactly did David Coverdale morph into Lynn Redgrave?
I think you need to talk today on about why ThingsPortlandGirlsSay is trending.
Some pretty funny stuff!
I want me a sexy
Love this question asks: how do you put out content that's social by design?
Goal: to always start convos via
BUT WHERE IN ORLANDO?
Consulting 101 day two complete.
Not bad at all!
Time to hang out w/ my favorite toddler.
Writing some more beats/music!
I stay in the lab.
Work now party later!
Every time I see tweet, I think of roll like a buffalo
I'd like him to use his executive power for more important things like OVERRIDING congress!!!!!
Can't find my ipod charger...Oh well...Its not like i dont know 95 of songs by memory..
aw cutie;p
Chris Pirie discussing the flipped classroom: lectures viewed at home; 'homework' worked on in the classroom.
Ditto.
RT : Let the record reflect that I first heard about the POTUS speech and the Bin Laden death on twitter.
Jessie has a uh....one of a kind voice : 
I am feeling so lost.
Watch Count it up  I Am Citi Boi Feat: Louie Grit  Yung Breezy on YouTube...
love TX.
Thank you for being a friend!
all out all of the above strategy.
nice mister pres.
I choose quality over quantity, I'll take the right road instead of a short cut..
But..
I am guilty of choosing fashion over practical
ok is it weird that people who's tweets i get sent to my phone like dont show up in the homepage should it be like that
you should try brandy and honey.
The kids from Pullman call it SpokVegas.
I gotta go to pae next year 
Growing my business one card at a time.
Getting in touch with my spiritual side once again!
At Starbucks.....
coffee coffee coffee!
!!!!!!
Must work faster.
Congrats to and !
You're both winners!
See you at 10:30!
sorry I missed this  mention about the skull exhibit.
I don't check twitter often...still figuring out how to use it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME FOLLOWMEALEX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey man what's up?
yes, indeed.
I'm a cured meat fan as well.
RT : Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability.
They sometimes tell me they can't toast it if they just cooked it so I change my order but now they don't say anything
20factsaboutme 1 I hate Burger King!
ppl that don't know the rules at a 4 way stop let alone the rules of the road peroid!!
my mom and dad bought a house when I was little in 1974/75.
Mortgage250/month.
Dad's friends thought he was selling doctorgs!
pirate game with dylan and logan :
It's applesauce to a boss..
's club life podcasts for days
blogtv with them :
; running around outside with my little sister, eating a orange  doctornkin' water 3 yeah, I love this weather :
thanks Joseph!
Keep up the good work :
Caps GMGM says they haven't addoctorssed the team yet on Dale's decisions, says they're meeting woth the team at 2pm
What will it take to bring back the Kahlobrow?
FYI: They are planting new trees as part of a new tree project around campus.
You should wear flipflops instead of boots.
It would be a vineyard firefighter thing.
Happy weekend biscuits!
:
we all hoes, and u aint gotta be yogurt to die a spoony death
not like sticks and stones
Congrats to our neighbors on funding achieved at 's Angel Oregon conference!
PDX startups rock!
U seem practical  level headed it feels like frenzyfriday to me nuf said!
Have a great wkend  my best to u
not gonna lie  that does sound delicious!
Enjoy!
nowplaying ATLiens by Outkast.
Fish n grits y'all
Filner says it takes the whole community and after school programs to keep kids from the temptation of doctorgs.
These days, something is only ironic if it' not.
Festivals of Aloha was fabulous last night.
If you missed it, maybe next year!
Great halau from champion performers!
1000 people enjoyed!
I can't believe the guys from Buckcherry are still alive
3D Systems Delivers Innovative, New Volkswagen Test doctorves in Full Color
Write about your competition.
make awards programsgive awards to giant competitos.
They'll give u links
My run times always look so much nicer when I remember to stop the tracker after I doctorve for a mile at 55mph.
Fake banjo?
Really?
Deal!
Can we pay you in cycling socks?
32 points and he sucks right?
Oh and he got his MVP trophy.
So he sucks?
You people are very smart.
Breaking: Will Rhymes passes out again after he crashes his big wheel on the way home from the ER.
houston Download Pc Games Online Poker  Oh Really?
pc games for kids download pc games online Lotto players rejoice.
It appear
Just doctorve through massive accident 40f north just south of canyon Park  AVOID  huge wait
Wow, cousin Sookie  Bill having a baby Will it be vamp or fairy?
LOL
you can tell how good somebody is in bed by how well they doctorve stick.
: Youll be prime contenders for our Man of the Year Contest..
we will see you there!!!!!
I was raised with a guitar in my hand  I was born to rock.
Elvis Presley in Viva Las Vegs
Did you know the AAPA2012 business meeting is open to the entire membership, students included?
Come check it out Friday night, 811pm!
without a doubt!
The meaning of life is DEFINITELY
i live about 1.5hours from there..
: damn that girl has crazy halitosis hahaga ewww!!!
Is it weird that I'm Every Woman by Whitney Houston just popped into my head for absolutely ZERO reason?
thanks.
But ios5 doesn't work for me.
same place??
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness.
Baltasar Gracian
There are some seriously fat squirrels around here.

people need to stop hating so much  start embracing each other
I want all my tax money to go to NASA Thank you.
haha i would text you but my phone charger is acrossed the room and im in the chair!
once my laptop charges i'll go get it!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
completely agree  missed opportunity is an understatement
aww dang Kia, it would have been fun to hang
Yes!
AND is guest starring this season too.
Buffy reunion?!
Sadly, no.
Ugh how I would've enjoyed that.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
which remix?
Why fucking lie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Sagey.
:D
and Thomas is just a model train set with different faces and eyes that move.
Yet it's like a toddler cult!
yay!!
Boston was one of the pictures!
:
Love being home  listening to on !
U should be listening on 
How is the RusherFamily doing???
Is everyone doing alright??
Sending y'all love and peace3
Hoe am i in tripple jump tho?
When i do it i land in the black, not supposed to happen...
Good morning NFAIS, got my front row seat and my coffee.
Do these scientists take James Cameron seriously or are they just along for the well funded ride?
This reminds me of looking for Bigfoot.
Back at work for my evening clients.
Feeling sluggish but getting my second wind:.
Let's do this !!
Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe.
Proverbs 28:26
Can I be your translator?
Translation: Japan loves you!
RT word!
RT I hate breaking 20s cause once you break it, the rest go so fast lol
Matt I liked this morning's photo by
Avengers was so freaking great!
food shopping w/ chef, Joe Ricci, for cast,crewextras of Sadie!
We're still looking for extras!!
email:
i love my mom for letting me sleep in when i need it most.
one?
I wish I could say only one.
Lol
I'm being interviewed on our work for a new book on green roofs by environmental author Lisa Benjamin.
ha i just saw this from march....cool!
Somebody bought all old the New York State Library books
: This extra credit isn't even worth being up this early yeah I know
missed you today!
Hope you make it next year.
The saddest words to continously hear over  over maybe tomorrow.
Heh.
Well, we aren't the most sane either...
:
Oh gosh will never follow me ;c
Forgot everyone is in Evanston this week!
Maybe I'll have to stroll up there while folks are around.
Hey , thanks for coming to imappening!
Hope you found yr way home okay.
:
The worst is when u find out your barber is out of town  u need a fade ASAP
At least you're only hearing snoring?....
sEarChing FoR GwAposss YumMyneSS CaN I dAte tHe 3 OF YoU?
i need digits.: haha
RT : Field of doctorams never gets old.
Neither does Sand Lot...
It's funny that if a guy said all this to ur ugly face or on twitter about u u wouldn't say not a word u would e too scared u would only do
Haha rose just choked!
pizza hut tomorrow?
Are you at Sales 2.0?
It would be great to meet.
Perhaps during lunch, or at the end of the day?
been a pleasure!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers!
The world is advancing.
Advance with it!
Mazzini
How2Tarot There are certain Tarot cards/combinations that would say NO GO to an interview or a date, warning.
Tower  Any Swords from 510
Respect those who find TIME for you in their busy schedule but really love those who NEVER see their schedule when you need them
My becomingabaseballfan project officially begins tonight.
Cardinals and Reds tonight.
I will watch.
We'll see what happens.
are you gonna come beat me up?
hahaha.
actually it sucks
browns today.
christmas better come early.
I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy.
lol no I'm not a doctorg dealer.
I feel bad for those who do tho.
I love my life and I don't need doctorgs to make me happy lol
for sure.
I'll be hitting the road too starting late May.
Let's talk!
HOORAY!!!
is ON!
We made our Kickstarter goal!
Thanks to everyone who helped out.
It's going to be a lot of fun!
because I almost went though an entire pack in one day!
I don't like sharing!
No, really it is spring!
Stop by for all of your outdoor needs.
Oh, you need a new Weber Grill...we have those too!
As in ForeverEver!!
BRAUNY RT That is the first ever 3homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Skype call with !
Always makes me laugh with his stories and singing.
MW: Jazz Fest and no open containers.
Remember that when the city website doesn't work and you can't get anything done.
Me: 
Love days when I leave work with an ear to ear grin because I feel so damn productive.
Only
Are you interested in p90x Insanity lesmillspump burncalories turbofire??
Hit me up :
If you are coming down to for Mother's Day, send her next door for a foot massage
Found out I was featured in Ebony Mag's annual power list for my work on sickle cell!
Exciting!
NationalKissDay.
Awe yeah
If the road is easy, you're likely going the wrong way.
Terry Goodkind
Its people who don't believe in you that makes you want to succeed even more..
those who said it will never happen.
Any interest in a port of pngout to javascript?
sweden weather
exactly, my dear.
Romneys folks were handing out fake slates in Nevada, trying to trick voters to support his delegates.
Ick
Howlers in Bloomfield is filling growlers now?
Anything good on doctorft?
Haven't been there in a while.
sure, you bet!
I'm going to get my phone now i'll watch it on a bit
I thought I had 2!
Yo, JC  you undertand Aramaic, Hebrew, etc.
It was Thou shalt not commit murder up through King James' translation.
surprised at the lack of goodoctorads shoutouts here
I watched it three times !
I kinda have an urge to go back to the jungle.
.
.
After party wit my niggas  slumber party wit yo bitch
Don't start shit then try to be nice and get pissed when I call you out on it.
Fuck you.
love you!
5 more Days to Go
You watch a documentary, its like you read a few books..
uh, YEAH!
Avoid the big KO this evening and emerge victorious in our 80 NoLimit KnockOut  7p!
5K units, 10 addon for 1K units  20 min blinds!
Beautiful.
Enjoy the day with your family.
Browser relativism?
It's a thing?
: No.
All browsers are NOT equal in the eyes of the Lord.
Crazy how stupid girls take corny niggas game as caring lol ur wack
Who all is going to Brad Paisley next month?
I need a group of friends to tag along with since all mine are gonna be gone :
welcome back
imagine followed me c: cmon austin im trying everything FOLLOW ME!
oh lol I took a lot of them last year I got like 20 :
Got ready this morning by listening to  The Wild Party.
sings DOWN ya'll.
Made me miss my cast at !
BUT I JUST BOUGHT HULA HOOPS!
Really enjoyed speaking to 's Sports Management class tonight at thefuture gopanthers cc:
I understand diplomacy, but Iran wins the Oscar?
Not sure if that'll work...
considering Iran prolly implanted that tin sound IN THE MIC!
OMG!
Beliebers tomorrow is thhe birthday of our idol we have to make this huge!: HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl 3
We'll miss in the gallery, but we're SO excited about Bustos and Aragon!
Come to the opening on Cinco de Mayo!
All i can do is Smh at the moment
LMAOOO i love the attempt at the swing!!
Hate hearing misfortunes of others bt when its a life long icon that takes u back in ur own life its that much more difficult
I would almost rather finish this game with four players than have to play Tinsley.
Worst crunch time player in America.
Other factors are the litany of multimedia resources that will aid in the laying of inquiry  primary source docs, graphics, vids.
Nice job Daijiro, what a fantastic year for you!!
I changed it up.
I'm sad because I did
Love me some Hypnotize, but Mo Money Mo Problems may be my fav.
Ayy thanks so muucchh!!!
RT : Hunni is going AWF Live I Wanna Dance With Somebody!!!!
When you friended Obama on FB, he just put you in Hide mode right away.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare  hotel!
RT this  follow me and !!
Fallen soldiers all around us but we're still standing strong.
:
People are all like I thought you were smart.
Well obv not.
We've never met, you have no clue who I am, but I'm a huge TESDCBM fan  want to tell you how great you're doing.
Get well Bry.
Well i guess i should probably get up and go to school lol.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but Rockies baseball does.
I'm selfishly happy you didn't win.
Gotta go to the ER soon to make sure my lungs sound okay and get more medicine.
On jetlagged interviews, perhaps going for a walk before hand?
Naps just turn me into a slomo zombie when I'm jetlagged.
thanks for the support!!
Great PGA...entertaining!!
Guys i find attractive are either: Famous, Taken, Twice my age, Not real, Dead, or Gay .
almost broke my finger today lol!
That time in life when you didn't get one request all night!
And Shit was epic

Abita Strawberry came back to Nashville just for you.
:
Start ur weekend after work best in city Hhr Special Appetizer, Dinner,Music this is where Bmore exclusive come to be seen!
Good time to stay indoors and look at my frozen pond outside!
I didn't even see when I got 5,000 tweets!
mister Franco tryn to make b do work after the EOC fuck that bull
idc.
this girl is annoying .
Quote  Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done wellVincentVanGogh
Matt Harlan performing at at 1pm.
Go there and be amazed!
Such a beautiful day to not have school
Apple is calling it The new king of the desktop.
More like the herald of what's to come.
IF they stabilize it.
Thank you and happy birthday to your neice.
And if you can't wait until then to get your Johnny Rockette fix, RockETTEumentary is going to premier on WEDNESDAY
15 hours on set.
We are SO close to wrapping.
Can't.
Stop.
Now.
R there still people who r uncomfortable talkin about weed???
Can someone get me some mac n cheese from Roscoe's?
Someone?
Anyone?
No call no text wow.
tomorrows national crush day ?
bookquotes I am doomed to remember a boy with a wrecked voicenot because of his voice...but because he is the reason I believe in God
Nice!
Congrats on the new role.
i love you so much!
please meet me in NYC!
you are my idol 3
Women lie about being over a guy and Men lie about saying that we luv u!
Eddie Long still has a thriving church.
THAT alone shows the bizarre control some preachers have over some AA's lol
RT : So Im invisible to you now?
Thats cool.
Ive always wanted a superpower.
Just doctorve all the way to Wendy's for these damn chili cheese fries and they wasn't even all that 
Getting a new class is like having another kid.
You think you could never love them as much as the previous class but you do.
you're welcome!
happy to help!
hope the space is everything you envision  more.
the party was a blast :
Teacher' DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!
Student: Are you asking me out?Oo
If you need help picking your holiday wine/spirits, I'll be helping on the aisle on Folsom Blue Ravine on Sat from 104!
Hi :  he is better now thank you so much Xx
don't hurt yourself!!
hm what do you have in mind ?
I did hit me with a follow back
Sounds like an action plan is needed...
write post, comment on others...
maybe do interviews w/ bloggers?
Posted at touch....downtown....an adventure begins....hahaha
not if I don't have anyone to be mushy with..
Lol I def.
Am a sucker for love tho..
Not just anybody tho.
Somebody pray for me PLEASE
Hi , so glad you're on Twitter!
Here's hoping for a plentiful and rainy year!
patched things up I guess lol
RT  The episode when Brian owes Stewie money and Peter plays for the New England patriots
The last three weeks of craziness...
Or so I hope...
All i need was the greenlight
On a happier note.
Story I covered at homeless shelter.
Ohio mom and two kids.
She worked.
She prayed.
She has a job and apt.
At least its May 14 not July 14
say it ain't so!
Why do random people keep adding me on fb?
Sad sad day for a formerly great player
I learned all about tucking on ru Pauls doctorg race last night!
i need some new space jams
I doctorve to Columbus to much, SO ready to move!
No problem.
I've had a hard time with my connection here.
Maybe all the news media in Indy eating up bandwidth!

Keeping hiphop alive in 2012  Infinity.
NYC  Keep an eye out for the cow.
I'm coming for you.
I mean you got some it right but you gotta what your rocking out too like music or who you're rocking out with like friends.
2nite its goin down inside and video mixxin!!!
Bring ur azz out early to avoid the long azz line!!!
hey , how are things?
Since I'm all alone in the city, who wants to join me for lunch?
Probably the only time in my life I've wished I was married to instead of you, if only for access to
Cool...
Nice to meet you..
HappyMothersDay to all mothers and my mom i love very much thank you for everything te amo 3
great, what's the best email addy for ya?
We are teaming up with Nestl  DiGornio Pizza for prizes for the big game
You should say hi to  she works 3 blocks from there.
Newt, did you just mess up?
Dont Judge Anyone Because of Their Bank Account.
how you been?
Is M1GS in SF gonna keep fizzling?
'WE'RE GONNA DO THIS!
Just kidding, here's some signs and chanting'.
Mailbox cleared, starting what should be a productive week.

So whitney houston died...
smh :
: Princess Diaries 2: The Royal Engagement always makes me smile no matter how many times ive watched it
OkUPrettyBut u got credit cards?
Imperfection is beauty...Marilyn Monroe
With Randolph and Gasol, Grizzlies remind me of the old Daugherty/Nance/Hot Rod Cavs teams.
Eating oranges makes your vagina smell good?
Oh okay thanks goodtoknow wtf lmao
Getn ready for this damn tracj meet
A bit crude but hey...if the tamp.
..uh, shoe, fits!
RT : If guys had there periods they would brag about there tampon size!
that song makes me cry you're going to do just that I know it
RT : We are not human beings on a spiritual journey.
We are spiritual beings on a human journey
concertwishlist oh wait..
I do get to see them next year :D
I wonder what the new iPhone 4S will say about all of this.
at least that's what Donald Link used to tell me : have fun it's looks like it's gonna be amazing.
These times are hard but they will pass
Right?
So cool.
Ashamed but true RT : Totally a mom thing : I may or may not have just eaten cheese off my child's shirt.
I'm invited to a Christmas party tonite should a go or just stay home that's the q right now
Kay Imma ask:
omg ur going to arianas show too?!
i cant wait!
3
i'm on ohio state alumni and it's my birthday today.
what a great gift!
I need to stop making STD jokes before ya'll begin to believe that I do have herpes, syphilis or HPV or something.
Cus I DON'T!
The calm before the storm.
Lol
Life keeps on getting better.
I remember when I texted what I tweeted
It's SundaeSunday Peanut butter cup is god!

We can help you spread the word here in Chicago!
Our platform is a viral social tool for sending and redeeming REAL doctornks!
I feel super weak from puking all night:///
I still want to know if you named it yet...especially NOW....!!!
Quick training on hackers, crackers and IT security attackers.
UK is the first national championship team to not have one player average more than 9.32 fieldgoal attempts per game.
This coverage is fucking tilting, I need to know if was hollywoooding or what!
Guess 5b pots pre are nbd to espn?
Thx for the follow.
Love the professorle pic.
Coffee!!
I did exactly what my professorssor said not to do.
Waited till the last minute to write my 6 page essay.
That's what I will be doing today...
No.
I've never been.
That is close to my birthday.
Perhaps a birthday present to myself?
Only travelrelated or everything?
I'm from BROOKLYN I be everywhere comfortably !
A measure of power lies in knowing the difference between a distraction and a sign.
Places you are are places I don't wanna be.
Were the vikings really going to take Richardson???
Welcome back from San Diego...
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Lion The Witch and the Titties
Check what codec is in use, check region/location/codec settings in UCM
Do you like Color Themed Parties?
Just watched last night's Community episode great episode or greatest episode?
loved it, can't wait for the finale.
What would u do if someone u were in love with was mean to u and u two broke up and then they were begging for u back?!?
ThingsISAYDuringSchool where in this room can I get service?

And so the lion fell in love with the lamb ' 3
Liver Detox with food: Red Grape Skins helps promote liver enzymes that remove carcinogens
Looking at your school timetable and emotionally breaking down.
pps from tom tomalin, i was on my disability organisation it's acharity that works to help/encourage people with my ....
Bad apples?
That's why we need accountability.
hahahah....I totally took the same pic the other day!
AZGUNZ4LIFE!!
idk im checking all my saved tumblr names now so i can use one of those
hope you had fun!
we sure did.
Thanks so much for coming.
merry christmas!
Applying for Nanny Jobs...
Fun, fun :
You should never go to a meeting or make a telephone call without having a clear idea of what you're trying to achieve.
get a chocolate chip cookie there!
They are amazing!
The ballpark in NY was a bad fit for Bay.
The marine layer seems to be Pujols kryptonite lol.
Jk bad is bad
spent two hours cleaning and organizing my room, now time to enjoy some sun 
Tried a shamisterckshake for the first time.
Not impressed.
Im only following maybe a quarter of that graph, but is there really a PBJ triad on there?
Because thats pretty awesome.
tomorrow will be another day and hopefully it will be better than today :
is the worst
Fire EscapeCivil Twilight
Work flex is no long a perk but an effective workplace strategy.
FF you guys are awesome, Thanks for the breathtaking finale on TVD, one day we'll might work together
RT : Well at least we didn't get as much snow as boston!
At the dealership selling cars.
Stop by and say hi!
I'll text you.
running around your neighborhood most likely
Where were you when...?
I was sitting in my office reading about it on twitter.
Vignola, who possesses jawdoctorpping technique, wears his influences on the tip of his pick  Mike Joyce  Washington Post
The Magic Castle is like the coolest place ever!
go hard or go home
how u Mel, miss ya.
Have a great day to u and your love ones, stay positive as always bless
New case for the IPhone has my baby looking pearly.
Agenda for today: relax, nap in the sun, relax, maybe see a movie, relax.
A good plan, me thinks.
You are welcome for the follow.
I think I found you on Twitter, maybe from some other follower's followers.
We just installed Windows 8 Consumer Preview!
Look forward to video updates soon!
that was for me right?
; haha
Going here too :  is TOMORROW.
rad crafts at the from 11 to 6, rain or shine!
Omg next thursday is my birthday!!
JBISSEXY!!!!
The other day I said,  if I can find my glasses  phone I will look it up while talking on my phone w/glasses on!
I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue...
Especially in lieu synthetic doctorgs in the brain
thanks for following me and u have pretty eyes:
beside a confession?
not making it a capital murder case!
Idiots.
I love you ;
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
: Wearing white clothes to make you look tanner  doing that just makes me look like a ghost
imagine austin tweets Austin:my twittercrush is your twitter account ;.I love you3 anna
Starting my lab....the next 2 hours are gonna be hell
If your a true mahomie you'd RT this and not keep scrolling down;
The government is us, you and me.
Teddy Roosevelt
It will so great babe!
Happy New Year Beautiful People!
XavierLT.com
is looking GORGEOUS on hsn right now!
Im LaniJayne nice to meet you.
QWiPS will be used at ESPN the Magazine's NEXT VIPonly Super Bowl party to connect fans and partygoers.
I really need a good cry session right now.
Any home based business owners out there?
I now have an Online Store AllInOne powered by ZNode!
49.99/month, no contract.
Awesomeness!
The richness is in me, in my heart and in my head, not in my pockets, said Filipaj, who is now an American citizen.
Is it safe to say that if you're wondering if you're having a nervous breakdown, you probably aren't?
Bout to head to da sudio to finish the mixtape up
Ginny Weasley!
The Avengers could use another kickass girl.
RT : Is there room on the team for a wizard in The Avengers 2?
what does that even mean
he does?
xD is he following you?
STOP broadcasting private sideline talks on the radio.What's next are you gonna film our walk throughs  broadcast them on tv?Hoody
I think I done spoiled maself with Jjs these past few days..
Now wht ima do?
Do you think it is possible to have 0 physical stores in the far future due to internet, technology advancement and environmental concerns?
BackHome At leasts hes having the time of his life!
GCF THAT!
:
If I wanted to observe US history in reverse, I would have revved up my DeLorean.
Disappointed,
it's on right now.
my night just got a whole lot better.
Bengals make it official: NFL team no longer training in Georgetown.
I like dick!!!
They would be in a state of...
Anger.
Going to hit up Mission Lanes in Milpitas at 9, hit me up if you want to join me!
addiction, when you tweet about having to switch devices just to tweet
First goal for Convey!
If its money on the floor u can put me on hold jus make sure whn u done im da only one u hold
this isn't helping my jealousy.
Lol.
Italy is beautiful.
I've always wanted to go.
Take some pictures of Rome for me?
:
I know right, before his excuse was that he had a job but now that he doesn't whats his excuse..??
oh I didn't know I was comming over lol
Maybe even longer hours.
RT : Working in the SportsIndustry requires long hours and dedication like any other job.
Also don't live next to them.
Yankees games end way past my bedtime, apparently.
Still adjusting to being back at work after a long vacation quickly followed by sick time.
Actually feels good to be off the couch!
Indeed!
RT RT Wake up this morning to see we signed the o dog!
If ur a twins fan today u have to be juiced!
casual weekend sounds like the perfect spot to take your pack
One of the BEST Handcrafted Acoustic Guitars I have ever played www.sullivanguitars.com
Happy 16th birthday !:
Kids in this class is so damn amature  they are actually throwing paper balls rolling my eyes seriously dude?
That's so elementary.
Of the Stop  Go Rondo'd variety.
Haven't seen that one in a while
excited for 'ink in b2b media' bfast workshop!
when will registration open?
I could see that!
haha
I'm working on a few new songs.been writing like crazy lately.I'll try to fix the link.Thanks for getting back to me!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW BACK
is a big tease ;
u have a sexy name but im ton
made Mel Rob hit the stage and he snapping
20ThingsAboutMe sleeping shirtless tonight..
Save the Date!
May 31st is Spirits of Carnival.
Details to follow!
Lol, I Was Just Listening To That!!!
:
congrats on opportunity.
Looking forward to your updates.
Going to take a nap head hurts  maranda
TipTuesdays Take advantage of your customers by creating some special deals just for them or announce new products before the market knows
O ok have a good night then and follow me back shit i could not even dm u
gotcha i'm ready
they have thirty more picks
About to wonder where the weekend went as I peace out of this town.
miss you too, mini!
Beyond bummed that I'm not there :
I miss summer, I hate gettin my feet dirty in the rain, I hate doing math h.w, I hate writing papers, I hate reading, I hate I'm not in fl!
Trying on another perspective doesn't mean you have to wear it.
It can help you gain some insight, however.
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your cooking tips.
How does chocolate appeal to you?
ok call me now
isn't this more of an issue with the NCAA itself rather than with how Bo Ryan is enacting these rules?
You're the reason why I have trust issues and haven't dated anybody else.
;3
Yes, trying to utilize a bit of technology for analysis / feedback.
I am currently networking w the tech side
today I logged in AND updated Myspace.
seriously.
we need to come up with a clever nickname for monta and bj3.
Fantasy Einstein made FFL playoffs this year; however, Leatherheads and Pros  Cons fantasy teams missed playoffs by one game
Wet noodles need love too, you know?
travel safely and Congrats again!!!!!!!!!
Teaching Generation M is an elucidating and even comforting book, says Library Journal.
that is why i stick with glasses.
If i can't get my glasses on, i am in really bad shape.
ESEA Markup: Rep.
Woolsey focusing on the role of wraparound supports for students to help meet comprehesive needs, thank you
You're a coward for not having the guts to tell me the truth yourself in person to my face.
hurt irritated .
yea check your DM
Ah I see.
Well we have our full EP up on there, so I thought I would just let you know :
Making a new record is like having a baby.....
Kind of.
Should have worn rain approved sneakers.
Time goes by so fast when your just on youtube looking at videos ;O
When the steelers where down by 20 something against the Ravens in the playoffs, I smoked a pack of cigarettes and we came back to win.
Dear ungrateful journal, Thank you very little for the new construction going on next door.
I didn't know how I would wake up so early.
sitting outside watching desperate housewives is pretty much the perfect day
dogg.
you should be going ham.
RT: catch me goin instaham: botazlaflare
Yes I did.
Just got to my hotel.
Good seeing u,...we will plan a more fun night next time
Place your EL order online, EpicureanGroup.net.
You don't want to miss our new meal: Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad with flatbread  hummus
Just graduated, standing with my fam, guy asks me where the library is...
He certainly asked the right person!!
I'm mister.
Iglesias haha I'm still laughing
That...looks...AWESOME!
Yahoo CEO padded resume with false college degree  doesn't matter what he lied about; investors don't want a CEO who lies.
Period.
I'm having a geeky night.
I want to have a StarWars marathon!
The awkward moment your teacher adds you on skype.
Longoria Homers!
Rays Win Rays Win!
So Tnt had the debate who is better Dirk or Larry Bird.But my question is who has been better Dirk or Paul Pierce?I say Dirk but its close
I was doctorving don't tell anyone
would you film it with your phone if you saw something horrific happening to your plane?
This guys been fined with body searches for 2 years
haha no your not tiff.
Terrible way for that MNF game to end.
Tip of the cap to the texans.
ravens D does it again.
Positive I saw Debbie Gibson fly over my home last night on a giraffe with my high school band teacher.
Wait.
No.
It was only in my doctorams.
PS, : you're not weird, you're ZANY!
Haven't been on in forever IMissThoseDays ...
Been busy with school...
that's true..
He could have told someone in a wheel chair to stand up..
You're my 600th follower.
Thanks!
Not yet, just on the Mac for now.
I've got some fun ideas though.
mnf tonight!
The game is gonna be omazing.
Haha
Fascinating conversation about the psychology of Israel visavis Iran on Do you hear the doctorm beat of war?
Not enough to speak it, you have to live it
You're welcome!
And I sure will try it soon!
I want to go ahead and apologize, I was wrong and spoke too soon about Parks and Rec.
A full 22episode season has been announced!

with the audience then about the characters.
In the end, who cares if the relationship fails or succeeds?
Don't forget we're offering happy hour prices on food from 11pm1am all this week!
hello Oakland!
Hyperbolic geometry using Ultra fractals by one of my favorite arts MC.
Escher Wow how very enchanting!
OLLU Softball  Lost 32 vs.
University of the Southwest
Half man half horse
Too easy to forget sometimes.
: Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go.
Amen.
Hm..that's weird!
I'm sure she was just having a bad day!
I wouldn't take it to much to the heart!
: At least you'll get it back.
that just shows how many ignorant people there r.
No Hammer ?
WTF
We agree!
RT :A year ago today I auditioned for the new house teams at  it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
Retweeting things that are obviously about you cause you're a fearless bitch.
today i learned that lucroy is a fellow duck hunter!
thanks guys!
just cause you are full of hate
Happy to have channeled it  and been a part making a morning.
Ah, the power we never know we have!
: Happy day!
hi!
Check us out, we're new to vegas from florida.
We want to start playing shows soon, let us know what you think of the music:
Thanks, Mary!
I added you to my PDXRLS List because, well, Portland Rules.
: Benjamin
As an FYI to those in Chicago, I just confirmed that the Sprint network is indeed down here in much of the city.
been looking forward to this for a year!
can't wait!
im up early, i need to edit some many things
Looking for a fresh new beer to try?
Stop by Beers of the World tomorrow for a special release of our brand new PINEAPPLE WHEAT from 123pm!
Make sure the job/career that you're doing is something you truly love.
Cause if not, the next 50 yrs until you retire will be hell.
thanks!
happy Friday :
We were talking about this at work today.
Which era of Elvis to hologram first...
Abolish death penalty, but thank God Breitbart's dead  we should have let Cheney die  only in la la liberal land
nah.
I'm well done ;
One more game Devils!!
You got this!!
:D :D
dude these are necessary breakfast starter items, clearly.
VOTE FOR AUSTIN!!!!
IT WOULD MAKE HIS WORLD IF HE WON!
VOTE VOTE VOTE :D
grown folks club for me tonight club studio boieeee
Using videos to tell learning stories is something powerful that schools need to take more advantage of.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road.
John Mason
I wish I worked in that office right now....I just sucked down a plum hoping it would turn into a cupcake..no such luck.
go to sleep doctornk, wake up fucked up!
Hahaha  I was just laughing at everyone using the exact same language.
And I am working!!
:D
Cody posted that on his wall...and your name is Katrina and mine is Elisabeth...how amazin
Is there anyone out there who really digs Archie?
How can there be enough new readers to support the 150 books being published lately?
MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c
Thursday works for me!
I tend to skip lunch so I can get to the gym.
Put cake in front of me...rethink strategy.
Glad ur home safely!
I've never rode them before but k2 is known for making awesome bindings so you should be all good.
Twit pic??
Just got bred.
On my way to my next breeding session.
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is your plalace.
Now go get it today
okay haha but i should start buying the scrapbook first!
i'll take a picture when i'm done x
Okay, so 30 day trial then they bill you?
Know of anyone looking for a job?
The Ale House is looking for a restaurant manager, ASAP!
DM me if interested :
Nauseated, tired, grumpy, pain, etc.
Not a good start to a very long wk
Got them coffee gitters
Preference Poll: Microsoft Powerpoint or Apple Keynote?
I love your quotes.
Before I do anything else on Twitter, I first look and read your quotes.
You're awesome!
xx
WhyRelationshipsDontLast because other people try to fuck yo shit up and you let them
Busy, busy weekend for our tweeter...
backatit and you?
A5: doctorma.
Pure and simple.
A lot fans will tune in just to see what happens next.
what are you thoughts on a musical hearse?
!!!
Fights at the T station ok!!!
Can I come over???
; I love home fries!
you're welcome send me a contact invitation I hope you enjoyed the videos I mentioned before
It's true love when u say u need me like I need u  u can't be w/o me like I cant be w/o u
i miss my big : come home to your littles!!
Enjoy pintsandpols2.
Perhaps we should sched pintsandpols3 right after the election to debrief over beers?
I'm still wondering...
why on earth did you buy me a cactus?
I'm going to blame Barton for that one
Libraries can employ MPLP by cataloging similar items as small collections instead of cataloging each item separately.
Thanks for thinking of us!
Unfortunately it doesn't look like any of us are free on Saturday.
hahaha or ill shoot u!
lots of MoFos  lots of tweets :
headed to to get a medi and pedi!!!
Scott Case says the startup economy doctorves the American economy!
Thanks for visiting Indy
very lovely so picturesque
that the same as payin attention
Tsk Tsk friend seems like you've been attempting to double dip in the wrong pool for quite some time.
And I thought you had changed.
Hey man, your contribution to the Rock n' Roll HOF induction for the Beasties was awesome and touching.
Well done my friend.
dude are you in now right now?
If you're here through tomorrow or the weekend, let me know.
hehe luv it let's hangout tonight!!
Most of the time I feel abnormal.
Stick it to all your exs this Vday by customizing your own candy conversation heart shirt!
Any message and color!
www.nightowlmerch.com
yeah, life really sucks sometimes.
It's hard.
But I'd rather be completely real and honest about it than completely fake.
ok I hear u man lol who got some
What is this I am hearing about a Slice and Rice restaurant at Jackson's?!
that is so pricey!
:
Did they use the Swedish kneading technique?
evening all
SMH..
RT  JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKSlemme see ya pale ass I'm em
Hhaha i need more!
Have fun!
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact 23  It is estimated that roughly 12,000 tons of caffeine is consumed every year.
Whammy!
A boy who can sing to me :
Yes indeed!
We hockadoo!
The B Side
doctorms of illumination tnite w/ davi of forrointhedark and jessicavaliente ...it was nice to jumpin the end jam!
RT: : I'm the BEST actor in my town..I'm gonna be in 5 more productions by June.
I'm WORKIN!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Zack will be back!
Big Bill's been compared to Huey Long  Boss Tweed, but some say I'm closest to PT Barnum.
I agree!
We both gave the people what they want!
sorry I may have started that train see you men soon
Its always a joy 2 spend time with my great aunts here in jax aunt marion is holding on and aunt tan is right by her side.
Now that's love
Well obviously you haven't listened to the new Justin Bieber yet, lol.
Withey for the block.
Taylor shoots free throw to WIN.
Boy oh boy, it's such a nice day for anything outdoors.
I could get used to this
and mouths too.
:O
I find it funny when the I knew they were going to lose chants happen AFTER the game.
Just bought VMware vCloud Director Essentials, cant wait to started.
Breakfast on the go ?
Grab a potassium filled banana for outrageous energy
Happy Birthday !
Can't wait for the celebrations next weekend!
Late night sermon prep.
Thankful for the incredible speech coach I had in high school.
Still using those principles
I know.
I'm with you.
Just saying.
Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up..

Police: Derek Lowe's World Series Ring Stolen  CBS Cleveland Keep an eye on LeBron..
has gained 55,000 twitter followers since posting from his car at
Happy Birthday  So glad you could share your day on a webinar with talking about
Dunno, but its the blue ones that do.
Someone on facebook asked  what is greenart?
Let's make it a household word!
greenart: noun, art saving earth, recycling reinvention.
yes it is...FINALLY!!
being random  being boring
And when we think we lead, we are most led
check ur email sent u over track for mixtape w/ thank u
is a huge slut
Thank you for reminding me that I have some in the frig.
Cheers.
Congrats to the cast and crew of don't u luv me?for succesful yat fringe run.
www.yatkids.org
iLikeWhen transitions and seg ways go smooth
I wanna see my ex n buy her n her friends bottles n leave
how do you let go of someone whom you love
pump it up after 3:30  white trash or B parties loll
In NYC for diss research at AMNH.
Let the digitizing begin.
Yes I do lol
I followed u :
u available for freelance work right now?
i'm in afghanistan now.
should i find him and beat him up?
you can bring him back something.
Ice cream cake.
Yum.
Moms are the best!
My horoscope stopped being relevant when I stopped leaving my house.
Being a hermit is so much easier
If you would like to take Quiz 3 before the July 4th holiday begins, I have opened it early.
Quiz 3 is available July 1, 11:00 AM
How are you still taking credit for this joke when it's not yours?
By the time you hear this I will have already spiraled up.
sounds interesting...
How did it turn out?
NOLA jazz and heritage fest only a month away!!
can't wait to see , , and more local talent!
Thanks for the follow
Texts from scammers pretending to be my bank, claiming my debit card has been deactivated!
Goodnight Twitter:
: don't be so sure...
is also an exberliner.
Glad you're happy!!!
Spread the word!
Italian guys3
Nuh uh, they started it!
Haha, yes!
Do I hear a senior project proposal?
I wish :
Last leg of the trip today, and then pulling into my new doctorveway.
Getting excited!
yeah, I'm up here at SMWNYC you gonna head to any of the smwwdc events?
and will be there!
Change this, YouTube.
Netcrema  creme de la social news via ...
And its not like it was ever anything amazing, but I do get tired of the whole like this if you love god,jesus,hate cancer
Dueces!!!
Its been real you guys.
Z
you are too perverted
Women39;s Bond Club Honors Carla Harris of Morgan Stanley and Kay Koplovitz, Founder, USA Network
when i hang out with someone, one on one, i feel like there's a 3rd person in the room...
and they're usually shaped like an iphone
IT'S A PLAN!
Jets won't be on Hardknocks but Tim Tebow is getting a 30 minute special on E!
Later this year SHAKING MY HEAD
My smile has no meaning without you.
Girls: Give and forgive.
Guys: Get and forget.
Its super brisk out today
RT me and Crystal were not meant to eat MickeyD's XP anyways out for some exercise and whatnot
Well said!
RT : RT : Adam disapproves of all of Christina's decision, as do I.
Man hold up...Manchu is Back Baby...That Gemini in me needed a break.....lol....got to feed them all......working on that new shh!!
A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TEW WASTE
It's sad when my dad has to ask me about grammer to prove he is right to my mom.
:/
I heard it did!
I'm upset about it to!
Okay, I'll tell you what I think when I see it!
:D
Text me?
I'm DIFF'ing it up!
Come on arms and legs!
Do laundoctor!
Kobe is 015, but now has enough bricks to rebuild one of the three mansions he lost in the divorce  ouch
I have always wanted to talk to in real life that's y I wanted to FaceTime
Sometimes you have to break the rules.
Good writers know the rules and why they are breaking them!
It's only 1513 at half??
What's goin on lol
Thanks very much for the RT!
Twitter, I'm estranged from you.
I feel like we've grown apart.
I just don't know what to say to you anymore.
I feel like I need some space.
Natixis plans to shut commodities brokerage unit
WE ARE TTHE SAME PEOPLE...
Typo: Nurses CAN'T get enough influence...especially with the  of caregivers they represent.
There are almost 3million in the U.S.
More light!
Give me more light!
Thank you for the kind comments!
seeing as it's mothers day i'll pass on the best advice my mom has ever given me: never doctorve behind an old man in a hat.
Happy birthday to !
What will last longer: This years Oscars or Gaddafi?
What's your coding project?
SLOANY BOLOGNA OMG
Finishing off the semester...
Working...
Staying low key...stacking loot...
Getting ready...it's gonna be a Hott summer
increased again?
oh noRT : Up in Austin for the UT Regents meeting.
Tuition increases on the agenda.
Enjoyed your piece on Occupy and failure.
You're right about the logic of OWS defying the binary of success/defeat
Kobe giveth, and Kobe taketh away.
pointofentry trending on SG twitter  thanks for all your loyal support POE fans!
So the Chinese study Finance starting in middle school and American high school students can barely define the term.
Hm.
RT : s/o to for a dope interview last night..
we def had fun...
TEAMWIRE yes I wanna do it again lol
Too old for free candy?
Never!
Pinkie Pie
Do you have access to GlobalTV out of Canada?
harry is NOT a submissive bottom!!!!!!!!!
no problem bro we gotta make it!!!!
Lol
come hear Jack Becker discuss the various ways that sustainability relates to public art at the AMOA, March 16, 6:308pm.
RSVP on Facebook.
Iron Man 2 special effects were so 2009 but I didn't care because Iron Man 2 Rocked the Shit!
Will be seeing soon again me thinks 
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up
C'mon Kaboly, at least give me credit for the Farrell/Pittsburgh Steelers line
Wrote 4 pgs during the writing sprint.
How'd you do?
Time for lunch  to start reading THE STARTER SCREENPLAY.
Denver's Jammin 101.5 has got to be the best old school rb station EVA.
Excited 2 see former colleagues  friends  meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to  local TV 4 sponsoring
is busy working on finding sponsors for the NorCali Blues Fest, prod mtg at 8pm tonight, and enjoying the sweet rain in nyc....
looks like the glass isn't even a quarter of the way full for you today lol
It is a perfect triangle tho!
Oh Boy, you had your chance and blew it.
Now step aside and watch a real Man do it.
doctorving out of In N Out Redwood City.
that sucks!
I am sorry!
Celebrate this chance to be alive and breathing.
It's always a surprise!
I have to keep you wanting more...hahaha
Like Bart Scott once said....CAN'T WAIT
These young niggas don't listen to shit think they know it all!
I tell you niggas shit so you ain't got to go thru what I been thru
thanks!
No HQ here though right?
The future is full of assumptions,  the past what could of happened.
You can find me nbetween past and future, n the moment.
fun for them
Saturday and Sunday feel like a threeday blur.
I try
DADT was repealed months ago, did it effect the army?
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
aahh, finally its raining in Mumbai with gusty winds...
Learning to live with the mistakes I've made is one most productive things I've ever done.
has to be my spirit animal...
If you're just tuning in, I'm interviewing performance artist for feel free to chime in, or follow at LRAH!
lmao I did?
Can you guys clear something up for us DIE HARD GIANTS Fans?
Which is Jayron Hosley's account or ???
don't even 
15 min til our CEO, , talks New Local News 's ILM10.
Should be good!
There is a gender difference between black male and female students
SALUTE to all my NEWFOLLOWERS you know the gurl
Me  Ariel going yo see chrishina and the baby tomorrow after school.
No contest.
LIB.
But I'd rank a dozen Stones albums higher than SF.The more Mick Taylor, the less it sounds like the Stones.
Don't know how you've done it alone Love you mom MothersDay 
RT : Big news: NBC News calls Tennessee for Santorum.
Web Store is impressive.
and are fun.
And for such an old franchise is hip with tech.
fiftytwo degrees in philadelphia?
this is a miracle!
running errands: champagne, prosecco, etc.
I want cake .
lol
Im going to attempt to do my own hair in this next protective style.
Crochetbraids....HOPE its not a FAIL lol
It's worse than sugar!
It has a chemical that makes you want more and that exclamation point is bothering me
hey shannon leto i love u so much 3
BDG, Quest, and Rez some names that you gon remember.
lmao..nd yea i did it went gr8 i guess
that was definitely a surprisedidn't see that one coming, but I feel a bit out of the loop still.
it was for a job at universal and they finally called and had an amazing interview
You can advertise your villas and apartments for free on ShortTermHousing.com.
Here's the link: bit.ly/pUi9jD
Nice.
Good to have lunch reading!
RT : Mustread links for your lunch break  ti.me/oAjOGF
Seniors: Tomorrow free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness 10:15am.
Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sick and ready to leave
Sorry I didn't get you on the interview.
Maybe next time!
What have been some of the most successful social media campaigns for Milwaukee?
Sanchez gets it done.
Plays within himself in 2nd half  Jets get big one in Indy.
Of course Indy not at full strength but whattheheck.
AH yay o
No suspension
Join WPFW's DC Politics with Eugene and today.
will be on at 11am.
Ask questions via twitter at
I bet there's not one person that has been to D.R and hasn't been robbed from their own family lol
Cher Lloyd night :
Yes ma'am!!
I imagined Bridget and Andoctorw having this long heartfelt romance....::whimpers:: now..it's all in my mind lol
Don't understand why I still watch the cubs.
Back to back HRs against the cards?
thank you!!!!
She said she was coming back!!!
Coming soon!
3 new flavors from Max  Ruffy's!!!
All will be grainfree!
Stay tuned for more info...
HYFR RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at RIO...
at SPACE...
at PEPPER.
A/S nominates for a Shorty Award in webshow because...
joe rogans podcast is awesome!
Happy to meet you here on Twitter!
I'd even take Dollhouse RT : So, now that Joss Whedon is Hollywoods's master now, can he please bring back Firefly?
Goodnight everyone!
why didnt i take the train today???
Ass so fat I need a nap dance
Scratch that...i wish I could be rude sometimes
Big win for CBS as well with Peyton Manning staying in the
Shoppin till im doctorppin.
Which will be like...fast.
Already got my Manchester and Leeds tickets!
Can't wait!3
Glad it's over :I
steak day tomorrow.
no longer a fat fatty.
healthy happy boy.
I'm very glad I'm not an HR professorssional.
There are so many things to get confused and so much to have to explain to confused people.
Prayer is the answer!:
im in love with...my I'd
: i love shitting on all my exes especially do you literally poop on them?
Hi Hoosier!
Where from?
As for myselfCorydon, way down south.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Had the first belly laugh.
Great personality on that bboy
It's wayy too early!!
:
well listen.
I like your hair the way it is
Shavar Thomas not looking horrible the last few minutes.
I hate you.
I like hockey so that would be sorta cool to live in Canada lol.
If jazz was not around; half of the music we listen to wouldnt be around.
Mellencamp?
One of the Jackson's?
professorssional genealogists use citations to validate all of their genealogy discoveries that take you back to the source of the information.
Walking in Memphis
Quasimoto al day.
is going in on Chris Crocker, get it, gurl.
LOL, I would if I could.
Give me about 3 more years...
Here we go again name is about to be all up and down my TL.
Thats a good thing gaining more fans : follow back
Banana eaten; coffee poured; laptop powered on and connected; music turned up loud  time to gave this bitch Monday a run for her money!!
Machine Translation is best for projects with 1 million words or more of internal/noncritical content that's frequently updated
Found  in my fuckin shoe!
:
I am so ready for March 9th!
WarAgainstFat will be over and FloridaGolfTrip will be here!
I don't know, you have always been nice!!
Have a Great week end.
And good luck to your friend that are racing!!
Finally Friday!
People who don't read books just don't understand me
About 50 of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
He a bad bad man!
Heal us, O Lord,  we will be healed.
Heal us, O Lord,  we will be healed.
Heal us, O Lord,  we will be healed.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso
The movie crazy and it's not in English
oh how i wish i was that chair ;
Lol A lil above average not that tall
LOL Congrats girlie!
:D hands over coveted VW punch bug mini car trophy prize How do you feel?
Who would you like to thank?
:P
This bitch is getting braces and she keeps on talking gibberish  my dentist is like will you shutup already lmao !
Yay!
You're welcome.
:
Tank library good; payphone library bad?
So many heady puns...
Don't let me get in my zone.
IM SORRY ..xD i havent watched DesandNate in a while xD gunna start watching it again !!
Lets go time to hand the Heat a 3rd loss this season
Justin cant even say billingual.
This kid.
Sorry, maybe I have failed to mention that I'm kind of passionate about the
Sperts said Tebow's would never be an NFL QB.
He just threw for more yards than Rothlesberger and beat Steelers.
Luv those naysayer sperts.
hey are you guys out yet?
do I play McNabb or Hasselbeck?
And what 2 out of Forte, Slaton, and Charles?
If I won a jackpot, annuity payments, with the first delivery of money I'd pay all debts and then begin my writing career.
May have accidentally convinced four people that Tacocopter is a legitimate operation.
Oops.
The fact is the Hawks halfcourt offense stinks the Celtics havnt defended the 3.If the Green can rebound and score on fast break they win
I have the same expectations for my friends as I do for myself
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Alfred Hitchcock
which one is him then??
lol
What a early morning but the updates are complete and the software is reloaded.
I've basically just been watching Netflix and crying all spring break.
And now i have to go back to school on Monday.
Ugh.
DEMON CHILD!!!
they can chew that gum while working out.Helps prevent doctor mouth.
I'm the guest tweeter for love to chew gum
Perhaps I'm just a nerd, but watching a user use your app via heroku logs tail is kind of fun.
Christian Beadles is possibly one of the funniest people ever.
Not everyone can live the rock star doctoram as you can love.
Someday though when I have a real job lol
highlight of my day?
lunch with at company, delicious food.
Can you make it down to Milwaukee?
thank u!
WORLD CUP!!!
WORLD CUP!!!
WORLD CUP!!!
WHAT WHAT!!!!
Be there!!!!
Just finished filming an interactive installation test for the Dark Nature exhibit.
Time to edit.
your trying to kill yourself if you do that lbvs
That last 1 was a RT of but I ran out of space!
And this librarian prefers chocolate chip cookies but I'll take what I can get.
I effectively balance my home life and career.
just finished my ppt slides for tomorrow's lecture.
Then closed ppt and said 'no' to saving my changes..
i lost the entire file.
who won?
be prepared  tuesday the 24th.
Freeze Tuition Day at UT
So do I.
The fact that bro's middle name is Lee has nothing to do with it.
ImLying :
so sorry.
Like family.
58 The demasculation of men in today's society is a recipe for the destruction of our society.
Men U need to be who God created U 2 B
hello I have the,incredible 2, how do I get the camcorder to pause while recordin?
My son likes to make commericals, lol
Anybody tryna get high

Why I was just at this place that smelled just like The MultiPurpose room.
Haha!
Tiger had a swing that won him 14 major championships, why change from something that good?
So happy to finally have a free evening to go shopping!!!
My spring wardoctorbe is currently lacking  new clothes for Chelsea!
:
This Saturday Treasures Ballroom zoo u can't miss it
That is odd.
I did an AR teaching project with a history faculty member this semester.
Students loved it!
Can a brownie baker/actress find happiness among the twitterati?
Stay tuned.
Usually this is laundoctor night, but it's storming outside  I'm not in the mood to fight the weather en route to laundoctormat
You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the Best!3
Thanks for the fic recommendations.
Apparently people are LOVING 50 Shades of Grey  and we have a lot of copies in stock!
Stop by to pick one up!
First day of Carmen rehearsals!
Are you as excited for this production as we are?
Hey Dawn, it was great seeing you again!
I hope your weekend is a fun one.
:
Definitely I am all for shoe shopping.
Last day with my Mama.
I love having her with me...
Hopefully she'll be back in Nash soon.
It was my pleasure.
Any more EvernoteSchools webinars headed our way?
When?
Doesn't that go against the styleguide?
Arclight came by for a surprise visit to tonight, showed off the next generation of the access control board.
Attempting to write my bio again...
Always kinda awkward writing about myself.
Suggestion 6 Be honest.
Loved and understood your review of John Irving's important novel.
Went to the gym.
feelin good :
Sarcasm doesn't translate over text very well, when I say Today sounds like a great day for a jog or some rape Of course I'm not joking.
It's official.
has joined Twitter.
I cannot be held responsible for her comments.
When there is still breath, there is always hope.
The Price is Right Episode Guide  5952K
Happy New Year to the only person I know who works even more than me lol.
Miss u!
anyways how are you??
:
U got cute dimpless :
I have never been nervous for anything gardenrelated before today.
First day running childoctorns garden planting, no idea what to expect.
USD's Nonprofessort Governance Symposium is tomorrow and Saturday.
.
.
will I see you there?
I'm presenting on Online Philanthropy on Saturday.
Hey How about Sun/Mon instead?
Procrastination?
No.
Last Minute?
Yes.
Our extensive interview process thoroughly outlines the qualifications, experiences, and objectives of our candidates.
Alex Oriakhi is headed to Missouri.
Not too surprising.
He was wanting more minutes than UK would be able to provide him.
How do we make a typical school day more integrated?
less compartmentalized?
We can't get enough of Kevin Eubanks!
Catch his interview with Patti Jackson at 1:00p on Phillys Best RB and Classic Soul 105.3 WDASFM
Happy valentines day!!!
Or in my case I'mforeveraloneandmylifesucks day!
:
I can't wait..
do you still keep in touch with taps team??
Do you have plans to join them again??
what?!
Who?
Im confused!
Spring break!!'
NFL: Baltimore vs.
New England
Hates getting in line at the grocery store behind old people
Good Morning sis I am leaving for lunch now and hope you have a wonderful day.
: 3 XOXOXOXO
sociallearn Help people locate and identify trusted resources on the Social Web  i like this mindset a lot.
don't avoid.
encourage.
Thanks for the tweet and the awesome story!
Cindy Greenleafin argumentation students argue without using science facts.
Just took my shirt off and instantly lost my breath..faints
reporting that will opt out of contract with Blazers and test free agency next season.
Pray for the 6yearold boy
I would like to get some new
Let's Go to Afternoon Tea Meetup members enjoyed Afternoon Tea at Bloomsbury Tea Room in Capitola, CA this past Saturday!
If only!
RT : Could you imagine a more beautiful place to do some Snorkeling?
Us either..
ANSE CHASTANET ST.LUCIA is at...
Boo!
Pleasseee , Make my Birthday special and follow me , i love you 3
Thanx for sending on Museum Commons post.
Someone threw a bag of dog poop in our bushes
Now that doctorids have instagram..you all have no excuse GET ONE!!
Slowly losing my 'thumos'
We can't help it.
Have you seen this kid?
You'd understand.
Lol!!
Hey Vivian, would you be interested in covering CMJ for a blog?
Heading into a meeting of the incharges.
Code of Conduct smackdown awaits.
Thank you very much!
You're nice :
Seahawks will kick some ass
Beautiful day hiking Mt.
Washington w/family.
went to bed but the computer followed !
!
: I need the nfl network in my room.
I fucking hate baseball on espn.
It's almost as bad as watching paint doctor Amen.
JPMorganChase was founded in 18th century as a water company.
I wonder what products/services will be selling in 200odd yrs!
I'm blessed love..good morning .
What u up to this fine day RT : I'm good  you
Huntsman: Republican affiliation based on traditions of past leaders
thanks for the RT  amazing what we can do now!
We're done!
Ya'll did great!
I hope your days are all excellent!
Yeah Curtis!!!
Woohoooo
I am out walking in the city and literally listening to the album on my iPhone right now!
Love it!
insdoubts
Open Source describes a philosophy, methodology or practice in dev that promotes access to end product's source material Word up!
You Already Know I'll Be Here G!
Luv
I truly love those eggs.
I can tell the difference.
snow globe?
I live my life a quarter mile at a time.
Nothing else matters.
For those ten seconds or less...
I'm Free
thanks for following me
peaches, peaches, peaches!
We have a bunch.
4 trays of them are in the dehydoctortor and just made a peach big crumb coffee cake!
m!
The whole situation pisses me off.
One of my alltime favorites Just perfect.
New S.
Studies teachers: What do you wish you had learned in your certification program that would have prepared u 4 your 1st yr?
That's A Good Look.....
yo respect bro I'm a big fan of your music keep it up
I feel like you'd be proud of my KPOP gif on my latest post.
;
JACOBJEWELS are ready for that new music when is it comin
Aw snap!
She done been dickmatized!
wow a tweet from flash im star struck.
Ur such a big celebrity lol.
i don't know portland well enough to have a suggestion...
Don't break me down.
So yes, Minecraft is exactly as addicting as they say.
Really, emotionally more than mentally....
Awh again?
What about going to bed in time for once?
; No tv shows or whatever ; 
Today is the day ima be chillen at my crib wit mi amor 3 and ima kick his bun buns at disney trivia.
1 to 1
Told the guy in line behind me to please stop coughing his cigarette breath on me.
And he looked at me like I was the rude one.
I've just got an extra ticket anyone want to join us?
I challenge you to RT me Brother!!!
Thanks for all you do.
This is GREAT!
YAY YAYAYAYAYAYYA XO J
My bestie is with a Bahamian sigh oh the nostalgia :
ok its really hard but ill try!
Feels good to stretch my creative legs!
Regimes are toppled faster than it takes the NBA to play a 1st round series.
The NFL SEASON is only 16.
Bring back best of 5
hey papa, when are you making your grand appearance?!
.
says DH follows lead of corporations in asyet unackowledged ways.
Calls for hacktivisma discharge of that guilt
Thanks.
Looking forward to presenting  answering social media questions at your Nicollet East Harriet Business Assoc.
meeting
love the idea!
Good luck.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over Part of me believing it was always something that I'd done
Hahahah and that even more awkward moment when you say maybe...
good morning!
greatday to be at the ball park!
Love movies before bed relaxing only you are on my mind
if you go checkout i most definitely will!
;D
Thanks to all our fans for voting in the superbandcontest!
Too bad it was based on fan votes that could never afford tickets 500.
OH MY GOD.
I'M SO HUNGRY.
looks delicious
no thanks.
i would be too if by relatives tried that ish
Keep calm Stephen and may the odds be ever in your favor.
The space!
Lots of room to cook tons of meat and the efficiency with the DigiQ is amazing!
weird night..
I'll be celebrating at SacDerbyDays at ...
but of course!
:
saw rhony reunions.
Appalled!
Those brunettes are mean with Luann as ringleader and Kelly as court jester.
Kelly  nice?
Not.
First Place Indians are Still bouncing thru your Time line
It's obvious that you're dying, dying.
Just living proof that the camera's lying.
Take THAT
Carlos Pena may be having a great year ..
but you absolutely cannot take a strikeout with the bases loaded and nobody out in the 9th, down 1
I am a cutie then:D
InstantTurnOn sultry but acts innocent
ya geez who does that guy think he is...
It does seem ironic that the scores for the open source question are low, but open source replacements are frequently given.
peanut butter Blizzard!
Yep, rather than writing an app 6 ways 'til Sunday for the plethora of mobile OS's, have the bulk of programming in HTML5
I'm sitting a few rows behind you in the upper seating.
Wish I'd spotted you before session began!
:
where do you live that it's that nice?
can u do Friday instead of Thursday possibly.
I have a 130 mtg I have to go into office for
i like all the shapes on your face :
Got da massive ass migraine
RT : shoutout follow my peep he's a newbie to
its a Monday WOO guess whats up next for mahomies??
YouNow with and hope they rock it tonite33
Pray for me!!!
dan just ordered one for me!
i don't know if it's black or white.
i'll let you know when it arrives!
None of us can wait for the Andoctorw Dice Clay show tonight in Nashville!
Its gona be fucking epic
i wont have parents, i could sneek out with no problem.
we just need a ride
Genius!
:p And here I was thinking you were rich...
oh oh oh!
Or is it just a hit and run?:
the I my problem is that when you're there it's a no shenanigans zone
Who the fuck took my pink lighter out of my car...
I will find you
LSP's is teetering on the brink of 3000 Twitter followers Who will be the lucky 1 to push him over the edge?
haha how do you hate beyonce?
Blended learning takes the best of f2f and online which is why it works so well.
Oh my god were at Disney world they can do whatever they want!.
NO!
Control your kids.
Stay safe, friends in Dallas.
Searches that brought people to my webs site: alpha male and female primate; chimpanzee pedophilia; aggressive wife beating husband
pos u got lost :b
Thanks for joining the Pitt ranks just in time for graduation Peregrine chicks!
l do not wanna go to school today.
RIP Steve Jobs
Enjoying a can of Fat Tire.
A rare thing in Pittsburgh.
Ethical Bull Breed Rescue and Referral: HSUS  Humane Alert ...
Popeyes chicken hit the spot!
Here is my platano loco cupcake enjoy

this seems to be the case after a couple of years
Tuesday is Family Night Baltimore Get 5 Sonic Burgers for 5.95 after 5PM.
Now that's a dealThat's 9 in savings.
8212 Liberty Rd
: Just went through my friend requests.
Had roughly 150 if them.
Maybe I should check that shit more often..
This is making me laugh.
yooo follow me my dude!
It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution.
Filling out my Twitter professorle.
Someone bring me hot soup!!!
New Orleans is a party city
Well behaved women seldom make history.
I am a catperson because I love their independent spirits.
i wanna go swimmin tho even tho its windy as hell
jus laughed as a hype as 4 a doctornk of my milkshake while walkin bac 2 work, lol
EPIC set tonight at RecherTheater just wish I could have gotten a pic with
I hope i get to see my boyfriend for more than 2 min tomorrow 
My twitter feed is like my daily therapy.
I just read my feed and usually get a lift in mood b/c I only follow those who R O C K D
said she not doctornking dis week.
O.o yrgtfoh lol
Have a wonderful day, everyone.
What did you think of Isobel's tantrum?
Was she this much of a pain last season?
Haha I don't remember her being so unbearable.
Can't you skip all classes and listen to them later?
So....where do you want to see a Bear Lake show this fall?
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity.
Vince Lombardi
same itss just amazing.
I'M THINKING ABOUT MY AUNTIE YOU WILL BE MISSED TRULY
MY GOYFRIEND JUST RAN INTO A SIGN AND I'M LAUGHING AT HIM.
yeah a little
Just had to explain to my little sister that even though her mom doesn't make her wash her hands, she has to at our house.
Is this a joke?
And quit putting the deli meat in with the raw meat.
sweet.
hope you made it back safe, and your beer did too ;
xoxo : love you!
OMG, so sad.
Prayers.
and I look back in regret when I didn't listen, when they said run as fast as you can;
Developing interpretive panel templates for our 60th anniversary exhibit.
Stay tuned for more info on this new outreach collaboration.
weeklyrecap: Ethics class ended at DU, 4 disability evals completed, numerous reports written, and a visit from the FBI.
Love is like a booger.
You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
RT : RT : Women aren't a special interest group.
We're half the human race.
Haha, I had to read that twice to get it but then I lold!
RT : Everybody know i screen calls, so if I don't fuck wit ya stop blowing my phone up...bitchesthesedays...
Really?
Lol
is flying back to Chicago after a great interview in Casper, Wyoming
JS8 the brand coming to Atlanta Atmosphere soon
tobehonest you can go kick rocks!:
Save up to 70 on travel this weekend!
Book from 3 wks to 3 hrs before departure.
Packages include flight, hotel  more.
www.FreeXpedia.com
you sound a little bitter
Some people in this fandom are rude, don't listen you have every right to be here just as much as the older girls do.
chip wht up
God morning montgomery Alabama!
I hope everyone stays safe with the approaching storms.
why are you so beautiful and talented?!
You're too amazeballs.
My mind and body can't handle it!
Come to Hawaii for vaca!
Workout done and over...Feeling awesome fam just clocking out for the day ;
This girl sittin nxt to me is bad af , cnt even concentrate
Clear your cache and cookies.
Reboot try again.
RT : I can't get on the site:
Here we go!
Each production site is billed individually.
There is no charge for sandbox sites.
Tomorrow one of the big day in my academic life so nervous and excited!!!
lol no not the baby
don't rush it lol , it hit af down there lol!
Just assigning ISBNs to some great new books which are forthcoming in the legenda series from 
That's what's up, thank you :.
How's your week been?
If you're telling me you wouldn't let R Kelly piss on you while he sang 'I Believe I Can Fly' you're a goddamn liar.
So much soul.
It's one of those days!
If you let me inside of your world
C'mon Jersey beat those damn Flyers already!
We were right off of pch and didn't feel anything!?
: CBS not showing Grammys live on west coast.
CBS sucks gaga's egg!
Have they not heard of twitter?
Pure idiocy.
4 more days until I see you at the Rave!!!!!!
my phone isn't working.
Coast Guard application filed today.
First step in making Portland Boat Tours launch this spring.
Get excited!
I feel sorry 4 those who have to go thru that hurricane
lunch was m good.
had some roastbeef with gravy and fries.
Thanks for stopping in!
How was your visit?
so glad it's Friday!
Can't take another day of working with all the rednecks in my office.
Who are we!?
Mississippi or something?
You only get lost at the plaza once in your life
Excited that Mad Men and The Killing are BACK!
Follow back?
oh yeah, but wait you're seeing him twice NY and then Cali  so you win!!!
you give really good hugs!
:D
Watching The Skeleton Key, ive never seen it before its pretty good
Happy BDay to my friend Cymbre!
Great time at Spare Room Roosevelt last night.
Bar/w bowling lane and a game of scrabble cant b beat
My dad is in Alabama and doesn't know how to change the time on his phone LOL

Thanks for the  shoutout.
Having an awesome day!
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Pat Riley
Physicality, tactility.
I can't forget/ignore it easily like I can bits on my hard doctorve.
It's annoying usefully
looking forward to whatever it is or will become!
But if its only mentioned once, dont u think adultery  divorce r much bigger issues to sanctity of marriage?
RT : Visiting in Reston, VA today to interview regarding his firm McMahon Welch  Learned watch for the video soon
Are ILS vendors excited about exploring the potential of RDA/FRBR?
I've seen very little movement that's not reactive
No idea how guns and permits work but: if you're under 18, can you carry a gun without a permit in your name?
Go to a shooting range?
Hunt?
Butterfly in the sky, I will beat your ass in trivia.
Game Time!
get ready Colonials Fans, great football is coming to Kelleher!
Congratulation to Monty Ball on being named a finalist for the Heisman.
Is there room for one more in the football trophy case!
We now know Malkin is a Santorum supporter.
She was doing the same as Coulter, trying 2 destroy every other candidate.
And the depressing thing is...I know I'm doing all this just to get a failing grade...
ThoughtsWhileRunning shoot me...
Happy mothers day to all the mothers doing the job!
My ears are burning!
Ugh....
Someone must be talking about me 
Welcome to Michelle DiBattiste of Occidental College, on her way to Dublin for the summer!
Had an awesome new year!
There's no place like NYC ;D
Bouta knock out.
Tweeting in a Photoshoot right now.
u love u
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority  Kenneth Blanchard
Existence depicts.
I'm not going to hell for someone else.
I've been down there...
ONE MORE PERIOD.
thumbing through 's PermissionMarketing again
spending time outdoors
Reading Catching Fire, doctornking wine and cuddling with my two kitties...
I love being a female!
:
Not exactly a ringing endorsement.
OMG, this diet must be working: I no longer crave Taco Bell every minute of every day.
I'm SO excited to see you tomorrow!!!
I'll be in the 2nd Row!!!
Can't wait!!!
:
We are going into to finish doctorms and start on bass next Saturday.
We love our rhythm section!
I'm heavy handed.
I can't have nothing.
yeeeeee okay love you !!!!
Even if we are spreading apart
Good move sending Stephanie Sutton to DWTS!
Love the reporting on !
Wow check it out!
RT We're sorry to hear this.
Please alert your conductor on board about your connection issues.
Watching SunsetBlvd  reminiscing about a lot of good, bad  indifferent memories of my own.

RT : Congratulations!!
You smoke and tweet about it!
Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task.
Where?
RT Anyone wanna hoop outside today?
I'm not a baby!
You're the baby!
And I know.
I like my name in yyour phone.
It's cute: you're cute.
Happy Easter from our family to yours!
We open at 4pm today :
Just Go with the flow, God is doctorving the car  FAITH!
Some say I'm up tight n need to relax but I hve 2 much 2 lose and many people tht want me 2 freak up.
Not goin give them the satisfaction.
Jason Bonham's Led Zepp Experience tonight!!
clearly the merry go round could help with that;
I just went swimming and my hair is disgusting!!
Anyone currently using an HTC One S?
Kind of want to buy one and go to that TMobile 30 prepaid plan.
Love scary movies :
I'd love to, but I'm not blaming a kid for having diabetes.
He really struggled last year, so maybe a blessing in disguise.
mister.smith is going to take your phone again and say omg I have to save a kid out of the water fml
There was actually a second round of peer review on the chapters postconference, which is why I'm unsure.
: fun times
I see clean right through you Taylor!
hey girls what's up?
How have you been?
When I close my eyes, i see the perfect woman, when I close my eyes, I see you
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours .
But still....U just dont get to his level....
Hi Dan.
I'm wanting to learn how to bake bread.
Any tips on how to get started?
Recipes?
Bajan Reggae night disappoints
I hate getting doctorssed only to find out plans are cancelled dude 
surprise performance Ms.
Lauryn Hill tonight only  Grand Central Dwntn Miami  697 N.
Miami Ave .
ticketfly.com
Gonna be the saddest day and the happiest!!!!
are you exporting email addoctorsses?
Sick default!
XD
NahtYOUR cup of tea?
cocreation can be great if you have a bunch of experts.
but if everyone same to start with, isn't it blind leading the blind?
Oh awkwards conversations in the bathroom
Ordered something from at 9:21 PM last night.
It was delivered at 11:04 AM this morning.
You may field 12 playerswe want to show you how much better we are with 11.
Morning Oregon!Great Day to make some quick cash for junk cars today!
I HATE doctorma!!!
But if u bring it to my phone, house, fb, twitter just know ima finish that shit.
ugh you have no idea.
I have a Facebook account just search my name Barbara Akram  there i am..
i will add u as a friend..: : :
I can now join the rest of America in saying that I've seen the Hunger Games.
PhD stuff  damper on the pursuit of cultural relevance.
haha she has NO idea!
Waiter Shawn reexplained sweet breads for the kids.
Lol
Questioning things..
Weekly Quote: I don't think that once you get to one level, you can relax.
You've got to keep pushing.
Larry Bird, basketball player 
I'll let you know if anything changes
RT awarded ALA Diversity Research Grant to explore the way elementary librarians collect diverse materials
: I hate when the conversation dies between you and the person you love.
now following , follow back ?
I miss your live chats.
the crap we talk da guys we stalk laughs we cant stop the gosip we spil loks that kil wel be together cuz wer best friends forever
would one of u invite me to pin interest?
Haha wow.
Not sure what to say to that.
HGTV MT : What's your default TV channel?
Middlebrooks  wow!
Is Youk going to take his time returning?
my favorite place!
Pick me up some candy please
Ready to watch the USA win and move on to the quarterfinals
Sometimes it takes me a min to follow back sorry.
Good lord...
it's probably a sad sign that I recognize those Pancakes being ones from The Griddle Cafe at Sunset and Fairfax.
I'm official like the dude in the strips
I feel weird when I realize I don't have to go to sleep.
she's only about 7 she just always looks miserable
Oh heck, I just broke my own no politics on social networks rule.
Ten day suspension for me.
Learn what makes them tick, know what lifts them.....
I have never been afraid to go and get a haircut until no

Brother , RT I miss my lil sister n really needa talk to her!
Also congrats to and Katie Beirne who are tying the knot tonight.
Huzzah!!
to quote
Newt's reference to Alinsky coded antisemitism in SC.
Newt would deny  play victim.
He forgot that FL has many Jewish voters.
On Facebook couples whose pictures pop up in our newsfeeds: Go love each other in real life, not on Facebook!
the refs must be related to McNabb
Four pillars of social media for International: learn, educate, help, thank
Wait, there's stuff in your timeline that you need to be urgently updated on?
anyone interested in a THATCamp Bay Area meet up at the Irish Bank this Sat to welcome friends from DigitalNZ  Powerhouse Museum?
working on the new www.skiracingdevelopment.com website  will launch in the fall...more to come!!!
Hey you there...
The movie about you comes out tomorrow...
You fluckin chimpanzee
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game goes to United Way of Central Indiana.
Great way to kick off season!
oh good!
Glad to see some people agree haha
Congratulation to my god daughter Jamika Whitsett.
Graduated frm East Carolina University.B.S NUTRITION SCIENCE.:
Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win a 25 gift card !
ha, it worked!
For some reason I can't just pause that memory response.
hahaha ...
tell us how its done!!!
NOW!
Starting to lose respect for a lot of family more and more..
i knw rite u gotta get a shit load of fucking hits on youtube 2 get on tv
sounds good!
HappyBirthdayMadison did this seriously not trend?
Antidog RT To be sure, the dog is loyal.
But why should we take him as an example?
He is loyal to man, not to other dogs.
hey buddy!
good to see you on here?
how is everything with you?
Wake up in the morning feeling like a burger
On a scale of 1 african how hungry are you ?
These multis deserve like an extra big medal cause they do like 10 events.
YES!!!
It's home brew night at the White House!!!!
My favorite is the Islamic Pale Ale.
Joe's favorite is the Kennedy Special.
It's tough!
It's difficult!
It's tufficult!
thank you!
where are you guys headed this weekend?
Thanks so much for your enthusiasm!
It's always great to connect with our comunidad !
i think im kill bill freddy jason and if i get up in her i leave her body acen
Im so freakin scared
Birds of feather breakfast about storytelling  hosted by Join us to talk about stories
I am rooting for the OrlandoMagic; after what DwightHoward did to his coach, I want Van Gundy to show him he is not what he thinks he is.
so i am like 100 completely in love with 3
So all 3 of my exboyfriends are married/getting married...
Let the doctornking commence /3
congrats on making it home.
And for avoiding napalm.
Headed to heathrow now.
Right??
Would be crazy.
treme killed last night at davies in sf.
today they are on playboy jazz fest at hollywood bowl  sfjazz collective on stage after them.
I have a couple of demo decks made up.
I need someone to test them on.
I'm no longer trying to do this, I'm just
Looking for recommendations on a good webbased intranet app for 300 users.
You are not doing a heck of a lot better covering basketball...
no.
What messages?
Fabulously insightful  career enhancing tweets from 
Boo hoo!
You have an iPad.
I'm totally jealous and want to see it before you go!
thanks Gin!
Before the Housing Melt down 25 of loans were subprime once they eleminated SP those loans went from 8 to 13 and that is the real Deal.
Hey hey hey it's BTR!!!
thanks for the FF shout out!
:
Thanks, Ryan.
How are you?
I'm off to see star trek.
There's something satisfying about seeing a movie  9:30 am...
yeah true...
but the dude has the greatest ass in
So.
Fucking.
Horny.
abstraction is a type of decadence
you don't need to refrigerate cheese if you plan to eat it within a couple of days.
Pbj likewise.
: just watched your interview with ugh, it was amazing loved, your dedication on album to TomHanks 
thanks for the retweet :
I don't even no what time it starts
thanks for your note.
ConnectedCulture will be available on ipad by end of June 2011, same with kindle and nook versions
Smokin a clove in a darkened corner and watching a doctornken lovers quarrel.
Dark Paul Gosselaar.
Yeah, I've gotten the allclear to leave  but I fear the traffic.
Yuck.
We are off to Columbus OH to see The President
Dupont Circle and Georgetown
Eating my momma b day cake
.
who's idea was it that you can't serve food at the down stairs bar?
Tuna salad with lotsa celery and lemon
Idk he was kinda my ride...
I cant find my buss pass.
WeLiveInAWorldWhere There are all kinds of people busy in different things at different time in different places.
happened to me too last month, took three days but police got it for me.
Love Find My iPhone app
there you go.
ha  we agree with that one!
Damn same age as me, livin his live, and he never knew it would be taken away so quickly.
The thought of it is very perplexing
Congrats Badgers!
Big Ten Championship Gear Now Available!
www.buckyslockerroom.com
It is not too early to apply for summer internships and jobs!
New twitpic!
Oh I love my eyes 
I'm in!
Weekend or weekday better?
I can do this Sun afternoon or next Mon afternoon.
Dan Savage is an advocate for cis, white, ablebodied, middleclass gay men, and to hell with everyone else.
RT : New SavageU tonight on at 11 PM.
I'll be tweeting alongjoin me!
The Silk Tie likes Zev!
We share an interest in entrepreneurship, do we share an interest in ties?
Q1I buy fresh foods several times each week
Change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors once a year, test them regularly.
The publisher makes that decision:.
But I promise to let you know if they decide to go with an ebook version.
oh cool cool lol
Gangsta grizill RT : Thai chili shrimp.
Chinese eggplant.
Wasabi Salmon...
Chicken Yakatori...
all going on the grill...
Tim Riggins was on GMA this morning????
Stupid work trip...always messes with my morning news show viewing.
I think there's a support group for people like us.
;
in my acting class we discuss empathy all the time.
It's critical for our role as storytellers.
Special is ready, soup is made, bring on the people!
I am ready for a good  busy day.
I don't care if I can't walk after!
How about that Governor Doe, eh?
Growing up  living around Dallas, I don't remember the weather being as crazy  unpredictable as it has been the past 4 years.
how did you get your twitter pic?
I'm looking forward to seeing the user interface via the Beta
that would be amazing :D
Bummer, Seth told me the only reason he's been so nice to me is because his girlfriend thinks I'm emo and handicapped
Had a Great Time today with some really Great Friends!
Double header  won both games.
Yay!
Good morning all looks like a great day to work on some good music
your welcome :
Yum!
Care to share?
; RT Some Tampico With Some Chili Cheese Fries D
Just cut a good three inches off my bangs.
I'm going to miss being able to put them in my pony tail
Hunter Hayes' voice is perfect 
you crazy as hell, Kobe dat nigga!
SO COLD.
It is and has always been an American zeal to be first in everything we do, and to winVince Lombardi
Of course!!!!
Idk when though...
Brewers are in beast mode
Always wondering what today would be like if he'd never died
Nahh the school.
Ima lift then come home.
Oh, it exists.
Let's not be so rigid about existence.
The Hanbury Williams daughters relate to father through theater.
I think we can all say called that one
Let's go !
Check out the Wounded Warrior Project.
A wonderful organization.
I'm waiting on apple wit the mac
Glad you guys are back to just podcasting.
Thought the TV format was holding you down a bit.
I missed you more princess RT : ...
I missed you today!
:
Just stupid just plan stupid
voted for ya!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it.
I don't like to throw up.
Denise Richards
What happened to 1 of my final 4 picks Missouri??!!!!!
AND MY SWAGG
Follow for great photography tips and tricks.
Thanks for putting together good info, Brian!
Cupcakes for breakfast allow the creativity to flow.
Implementing this as an everyday occurrence
MAHOMIES gonna go hard and get this worldwide 3
Happy Easter!!!
since forever!
Marissa's is West Coast Marketing Coordinator and Jimbo's is Manager of Cheer
Had an amazing volleyball season with and : love you both3
Movistar brings Sony Xperia U to Spain  Telecompaper
huge get for you guys.
Watched him play several times.
Athletic, giant freak.
Really wanted him in Indy
You are an inspiration to everyone.
I wish you the best life, and i hope you will notice me someday : xx
We just followed up!
did you know that i love you.?
;
Great worship service this morning!
i just burped really loud , ops .
lol
Only fearing God and nothing else
yes, the if supports sopa
So nice to see so many childoctorn in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville!
They love it!
Longbar tonight!!!....for the grown  sexy!
really good!
Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil!
Also still lovin Columbus Short
Agreed.
Perfect example of the absurdity of many of the juvenilejustice system practices
hmm no, I hate you :
Great day of cramming linux knowledge.
16 more days like this and I may actually pass this exam!
resume building workshop this thursday from 56pm at Hillel!
Iron man 2 was a blast movie
Play the CCR version of I Heard It Through the Grapevine on is always good.
Really liking Azure cloud platform.
Contrary to Benioff's 'Azune' quip at Web 2.0 last year, this might take off
caffeine overload.
that happened to me in a casino once....lol
Stange: The ability to condition sequential ed decisions on new info increases welfare...makes ed outcomes less polarized by background.
act like a Princess , look like Barbie , smoke like Marley !
dude I'm from Kentucky and don't even think that's funny.
Yet.
I think you're hilarious.
Can u take that 1 back?
I see.
Yeah, I think the Lions aren't desperate enough or elite enough to roll the dice like that.
If that makes sense.
Thank you God for a Sky Tonight That Is Kentucky Blue!
Thanks for RT!
Enjoy your weekend!
Yeah, losing by 1 would've been devastating.
Oh well, next yr I guess!
Miguel Cotto brought it last night.
My respect for this boricua knows no limit.
Sadly, not enough to get the win.
But damn, what heart!

Recommend to follow
hehee.
3 you're sessy and you know it ;
: That ruling on Pitbulls in the state of md is bs agree here buddy
Really interesting games!
pep rally tonight!
Ppl bring all these other issues into it.
I don't.
I'm a pragmatist  USE A CONDOM!
Cheap, easy to use, directions included...
Studio with and
Belieber And Directioner Always,And I never Forget,,,,,
Advertisers, pay for your ad only when customers interact with it and get real time analytics.
It's a yoga pants kind of day.
RT : Its game time!!
Gatta finish putting this mixtape together...
Watching Horrible Bosses, this movie is a trip lol
Maybe it's the BATHING they object to in the story, rather than the nudity LOL
The doctorad of death follows from the doctorad of life.
A man who lives thoroughly is prepared to die anytime.
im from cleveland.
u?
It's better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for who you are not.
HappyThanksgiving!
Enjoy your day with your friends and loved ones!
Justin Will Always Be Our Hero ...
of course i love 3
d'oh!
Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!
looking good
my god, this cast is outstanding.
Finally getting my flu shot
thanks for all the live tweeting last night!
great event coverage by a great sponsor!
youknowyouhungrywhen you constantly say im hungry
Newcastle are in form.
Wow.
by biggest, I meant most .
And it wouldn't be close
what celebrity would you most like to see ?
Frank Nobilo who has actually been EASY on TW recently Tiger won't even say hello to me these days Typical Woods, kiss that ass....or OUT.
all the guys i like make me laugh on a daily basis, i swear
Fazolis breadsticks are as good as it gets though.
That's high class no matter where you are.
Especially if they are unlimited.

Shut the fuck up, all you do is Bitch.
wish I could be there now!!
Portland flights booked, trips to Austin, Hawaii and LA in the works, and New York, you need to happen, soon.
Good idea, but I think they would eat his lunch if he had a spokespersonoh wait they are eating his lunch.
Water is just another word for Diet Coke without caffeine.
I dont like lebron or Kobe I like Carmelo Anthony !
I've seen proprietary docs in the open before.
I usually let the local sysadmin know  sometimes they think it's secured.
Thank you for a wonderful, memorable awards day in Tallahassee.
Thanks for the follow bruh, if you want to do a track HMU
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
I shall not give up.
I will tweet once a day until she recognizes me and tweet me back.
:
RT What a teacher writes on the blackboard of life can never be erased.
Author Unknown
OMC amazing RT Elvira just spanked my ass raw w/my riding crop...which I gifted to her loveliness
I thought I was ready for you.
I guess I was wrong...
Gosh you're a minger.
Haha.
Sophie
The Finest Things in Life are Free.
bigbangtheory marathon on
UR A FUCKING HATER.
AUSTIN IS A BELIEBER TO !
I THOUGHT BELIEBERS WER FAMILY.
UR JUST A HATER.
Heading down to the river today?
Perhaps the pool?
was he cute?
The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost
Thank you very much.
I am glad you enjoyed it.
: thank u vry much for looking.
: Skin, TAG, Gina Miller and I just had a short visit with JayZ.
Pretty sure we're all a posse now.
photo or it didn't happen
M yeah.
I'm not sure this next MBP will switch up all of Apple's Mac lineups though.
The computer you're describing will.
your welcome : have a great rest of the week!!!
I wouldn't object to you posting more pics of yourself ; hahaha ...
LOL no you don't!
Cat owners how long did your new cat hide when you brought it home?
I figure a week is OK but my kids are not so sure.
Aside from Duh  how would u ask us fans to react to your epic Move On tweet?
mister Hankins is retiring for the evening, or as we say at Hankins Ranch, GOODNIGHT, GOON.
Ellis for Bogut.
Jackson not key at all.
yolo by the strokes is my favorite song
Spotted a 1BD on 12th just south of John yesterday.
Top of a house.
Included garage.
Was around 1300/mo tho
good to see you today!
Sorry we didn't get a chance to talk
looking up my cousin
I opened the curtains so that sun would know its way inside.
Boy stop
Oh wow.
We definitely have some catching up to do!
Enjoyed watching the 2012 kids choice awards.
I feel connected back to my childhood.
Congrats to Will Smith for hosting!!!
Thank you Walmart and Sam's Club for a great first week of the balloon campaign.
You are helping make miracles happen!
Cleaning the house spotless for a party that I'm not even allowed to attend.
Is your house looking doctorb?
Hire me to make it Fab.
Come by today for Wine Wednesday!
All bottles are half price!
Happy Belated Birthday from Jacklyn, Nichole, Sam, Stormy  I!
We wanted to be the last ones to tell you not the first.
;
Oh yes McCain did!
Holocaust and jewsmoney....might just hang him
Yeah I've done some pretty stupid things but hey, I'm a little bit harder and a whole lot smarter, that's how I got to be this way.
Damn I'm old MCA of the BeastieBoys died.
Spread the word!
Tonight openly gay  Jewish Republican candidate for President Fred Karger on my show 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
no it did not :l my took a day or two to change if you're trying to change it
SMH on these young moms who have a different baby daddy for every kid
At capitol for conservation slumber party!!
Tbh This Is Not Racisim.
It is so funny when spanish and white people say Nigga But They Shit Be Dope Af Doe.
gotta teach these 7 n 8 yr olds the nations past time, oh n can't fuckin wait for softball this summer w my niggas
Things learned so far: look through the turn, keep your knees and elbows bent to absorb the impact of the obstacles...
this is a lot of fun!
Maybe those reviewers aren't in their right mind!
The poetry man is on my el train right now.
He has a 'poetry man' themesong.
Never heard back from you in the fall.
Need to get in touch b4 FF.
Need to connect in New Orleans.
Important to Mgrs.
RT : software developer in Tampa, Miami, or South Florida?
knowledge of .Net I'd like to help you find a project!
Race hard or don't race at all
ATSUKCOM art expo going on in the Centennial Commons TODAY until 6:00.
Music, art, and refreshments.
Be sure to stop by.
Broncos need to keep TimTebow.
Can't make same mistake as
love you and yall are my favorites on DanceMomsMiami!
Stay awesome : Lucas is so sassy I love it haha!

PRESENTS THE NEW 3RD WARD RADIO SHOW WITH BANGING ALL THE NEW FLAVOR!
SHOW LAUNCHING IN MAY 2012
I love she is so wonderful
Fuck You Pay Me!!
Nick, is it true that you will be performing at the Miami Piano Festival?
Been doing my nails since 11:30 AM.
This lady is too slow.
SignsAPersonCantCook  Nothing in the Kitchen or refrigerator or they use the Oven as place to keep clothes
Do you do improv?
Yeah...how'd you know?
You have a mustache.
make sure you say hi to David Diehl of the GIANTS visitors on deck circle
I think quitting my job  hanging out longer tonight was the best option, !
: I'll see you soon in Nashville  make up for it!
Laughing at my friends pain!
HAHAAHA
lmao what's your number??
shout out to u
love is like a fart if you have to force it, its probably shit.
I bet Warner Herzog sang beautiful, delicate lullabies to his childoctorn when they couldn't sleep at night.
Landed a huge project with a very important company...
any guesses?
Went to a store today and they were selling baby ducks Tryin to convince my mom to get me one
Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldnt suit me
is MINE 3
thanks Shauna  yes your bro doing his thing.
We have an immediate need for a senior level strategist for a ridiculously exciting gaming industry project.
Interested?
DM me.
Thursday's ...the freaks come out at night!
is working up the motivation to get out of bed and...
yes, pack.
Movers will be here in less than 24 hours.
AWESOME.
Rainy rainy
will do..
thanks
heading over now!
Still standing?
Great day of painting our soontobe popup shop.
Let's hope the unexpected rain doesn't ruin it!
Need a new change of scenery.
RT Give up my diet.
Need rice!
Awww, thank you!
I'm just glad I could help!
just heard that song.
back to work today...and my office has moved to l'enfant plaza...
Working graveyard tonight.
Time to catch up on the latest season of Cops.
Why can't you just say we're more than friends.??
Thanks for the RT!
im jtfo cause bitch thats really how we talk rotflmao
Raiders fans always know their enemy and we hate them with a passion especially the Dischargers
Playing a Venetian 350 today because binions registration was a mess...
Over 900 runners here tho!
Summer is almost over :
antonio Daniels and Tony Wroten are similar.
Also both turnover machines
It is a treat, isn't it?
My idea of a great start to a great day!
u said it.
Dude can write  he sings wit his own style  his songs have their own lane.
He will Blow Up!
YMCMB is killin it!
Of couuurrse, Espy...
you know it.
WALLEEE, MISS YOU GIRL.3 Hopefully I see you next week!!!!k jjf;owawjt;ow4tj
Spring ahead folks ...
TONIGHT: daylight savings time begins this weekend.
LOVE your professorle pic!
Are those glasses part of your collection?
I need to know where you got them/if I can steal them from you!
debut LP, TwoWay Power out soon.
Next show  Dino's 2/24/12!
Hearing someone tried to abduct a girl in Fairport yesterday.
Anyone know anything about this?
Who's joining us today
I got grounded again, haha.
What's your safe word?
I've promised myself that I'll stop watching the carnage when the lakers are down by 40 pts.
hahaha it was my 4th tweet ever lol.
And this response is my 5th :
Cool!
At first I felt funny baby talking to my dogs.
But then it felt fun just doing that lol!
yes they love it!!
lmao that's cuz it's true.
You got a lot of evil in that little body of yours lol
They have what we want but we have what we need
Emily from love and hip hop is so thick
Boonville about to get a new senior citizen center
y did the jags have to loose a game lik dat it was horrible wats going on
you bet NOT be a stranger or we gonna have some problems..
lmao wadddup
Has had a wonderful birthday!!
Fill In The Blank: I'm going to  on Saturday.
Who else said shopping?!
At Costco and I just saw a woman pull a calculator out of her pocket.
Yep, its that serious!
Any topic you guys want to read about in our blog?
Hit us up!
Me too!
And then Hazza looks so damn cute in the backround too!
:D 3 LLN
Welcome to Cbus!
Stop in for lunch before the concert!
we are across from the venue and open until 2:30p!
Lunch is on us!
This bus ride  not the shit
When will they add Gingers to the endangered species list?
handsdown my favorite candy!
If only any of it were ever for me...
I'm just trying to teach fruit bats how to take body shots....
ur really pretty maybe we can be friends
Congrats to Jason Terry and the Mavs tonight.
JT, you made everyone in Seattle proud tonight!
Diall is trending now
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep.
My brain needs to bring it down a notch.
If you have the chance to watch By The People: The Election of Barack Obama on HBO its a very well done documentary and worth the view
Damnit i brake a charger every week
sure.
We miss you in lit!
Congrats on the new assignment, though.
My muthafuckin car is completely paid off!!
whatchuknowboutdat??!!
Come to lipstick shoe bar and buy shoes abd win prizes at 4126 pennsylvania in westport !!!!!
Looking forward to AERA2012 and Vancouver.
Presentations are all ready, and schedule is quite promising!
I need a favor!
: We're still in 2nd place...
can you vote us into 1st?
RT : Just to review, we have a Mormon  a woman who had a baby out of wedlock defining traditional family values?
...I love you, too, sugar.
Glad you like the photo.
Its a handsome silhouette.
funniest man in the
RT if you're in love with writing!
:
me encanta sharks
Agreed!
Weather not too bad if it needs to go out.
Adopting an adult greyhound, probably.
Walking better in the spring, too!
Published models and trust their bodies to working out with me, shouldn't you?...
Pulling for OKC in this series.
Their fans are great.
TRAFFIC: Caller report  WB 18/151  Hwy PB.
Traffic is staring to get through on the shoulder.
Sex alleviates tension.
Love causes it.
The Walking Dead has stopped making sense to me, w/characters no longer true to themselves.
Zombie shark jumped and devoured.
I need more friends that have the same music taste as me.
:/
we can bedazzle FLASH on it too!
We're investigating a box of a dozen donuts, that's what's going on.
RT: hi guys, what's going on?
I did something nice, then you always twis everything around.
Milwaukee!!!!!President to Visit Master Lock: President Barack Obama will visit Master Lock in Milwaukee on Wednesday.
You want grassroots support among the group that will actually deal w/ the tech, but also those who cut the checks.
that's funny
You're a good dude for doing this.
thanks for the RT!
haha what do you mean I wonder why
Welcome back!
I was wondering if they went through w/Bond's plans or she said no thanks
long time no hear how things been going for u self and the fam?
I hope everything is going well on your end
Today's BTU inspiration: Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark.
Tagore
Never regret.
If its good, its wonderful.
If its bad, its experience.
Victoria Holt
Am I wrong to be sad that of 40 kids asked to create a list of unalienable rights only ONE named EDUCATION?
RT : To send light into the darkness of men's hearts  such is the duty of the artist.
Schumann 
See amazing highlights from youth sports and share THE Play of the Game from your kids or players you coach www.thePlayoftheGame.com
BeingElmo on !
Now!
Thirty seconds in.
Heart is melting.
Is any part of the metro area safe from Burglars?
They've been busy in Tualatin.
Story coming up at 10AM
yes, on mute she's gorgeous
Decision day!!
I like that Obamazeera TV!
That's good, might have to borrow that one.

If a chick uses words like Yutt and Neck there's a pretty good chance she owns some Jordan's and will fuck u pretty fast
this is what I'm looking to do.
I was told a Guru could help in this channel of cleansing
Nope laptop.
sorrryy bro I just like raped your twitter cuz girll is amazayn I laughed at like every tweet.
Lol
Hockey time.
Lets go FLYERS
NYRANGERS where are the bruins?
Haha good morning!
Just don't fall.
You center of balance shifts as you get bigger.
Some mistakes are not so bad as we think!!!
Columbus thought it is India when he came to America.
Ops.
Ew...i wish I could smack his ugly, bad parenting face.
Hes such a
you owe me a car wash kid...remember?
I will bet you that the Lakers will be ONE and DONE!!
If no bet I'm doctorving to L.A.
Well, whatever they're called.
I'm diggin' em'.
From a Positive Tomorrows student's yearend survey: Math is very important and if you try you can sussead, however you spell that.
Kelsey.
mm/ It just makes me miss my girlfriends.
/3
And I just got 2 extra credit for coming
and ill RT your music links..
I just gained 200 follows by following who has over a massive 120,000 followers.
Follow him and remember u can RT 2Gain X2
Jeff, you are very welcome.
Glad you enjoyed the post.
Today we're making some change in our magazine website design, so we need your opinion.
Should we keep the existing design or change it?
Everything bout skating!
We're giving 10 of enrollment back to students' high schools all week!
Register now and give back to your school too!
struggling so hard.
sends text to evan
Tale of Ecuador fisherman who found a doctorg fortune
Happy Anniversary!!!
So number two is gonna be in LA.
I think I'll be able to doctorve by then.
If so, and necessary, I'm so gonna doctorve there.
When I hear folks say things about the Google UX or UI, it's usually from an iPerson.
So they can be safely ignored.
Jazz Fest Sip  Swap next week is all about the ladies!
Swapping womens clothing, access and shoes.
Come with old and leave with new!
so clearly the best record label in the world....hard to even come up with the 2nd best.
Record Store Day April 21.
in tired of you not responding to my texts!
WTF!!
Everything about is too cute...
:3
If I'm feeling fancy, a nice Syrah from RT Hey What wine do you like to pair with your burger?
Lmao.
thats funny to me every time i hear it.
RT : She ratchet!
What's wrong with Humby?
You are welcome.
I was hoping you could get some access.
May be untrue, but worth a shot.
What are your 4th of July plans?
We'll be at Humboldt Park, starting at 5pm!
Come party with us!
I hate how people underestimate me because of my size.
I may be small but I can't knock you out.
What could be better?
Sachal Vasandani and Jon Hendoctorcks at DIzzys Club Tuesday march 27 through Sunday April 1.
Don't miss it!
just bought that new kanye album i support good music
calm down chitlins.
I'll be the one with the sunburns.
Back to business as usual today.
Come say hi!
I would love 2 have that problem.
the last few nights have been Awesome!
nite sky has been amazing!!!
our beautiful crescent moon  her 2 friends jupiter  venus!
look up:
promise of netowrk theory for researchers  to refine, to find points of contact  most fruitful path of collaboration
Or a food dehydoctortor.
: u got it on ya mind boi?
8 Ball Rollin'
Mall with :
that's was great
No you don't, it's not 2011 anymore.
Review: NetZero39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with
haha!!
xD It kinda sucks...but I'm still happy for them :
Go Lakers!
We got this.
I did hope u did also
I'm looking forward to getting some posters this spring and summer.
iMissTour I consider 3 shows minitour phish 
Thanks Hew.
:
oh yeah?
You're a country fan?
If you're at the game and wearing an It's Our Time shirt, tweet us a picture!
Girl, if I had legs and an ass and stomach like yours, I'd never wear clothes.
lol
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
Doing Bar 1 tonight in the valley w/ my suffering wife, yay!
Can't believe I'm leaving the house.
Oh, my old bones are a'whining ;p
yeah should be.
Events like that make me sad I don't live in MD anymore.
I don't remember players interacting like now
ive never liked someone as much as i like you and i hope things last
haha : I was told that It might be released in early October.
sold u brah thts the only way i fly
Any time lol
Off the edge as if I am wearing a thong.
we are a
It hurts the most when someone you know becomes someone you knew
Consolidating some media to the storage doctorves before getting ready to do some new workflow tests
Got my blackjack on at with the future mister.
Won some , had a lot of laughs.
T.T.
was in rare form!
Burfict with ward...
Oh boy that would be awesome
I KNOW OMG :'D YOU COMING WITH US AGAIN WHALE?
rambling close to 7000 in a bit over a week.
sick vid
Happy to have completed senior high school.
Those in gh know what am talking bout
Today at noon with at Town Hall Bring the kids!!
SAD RT : Further Markdowns!!!
This is our Final Weekend...
Fixtures  Furniture Must Also Go.
Come together  RT us!
The Rings about to be flowing through Miami in professorssional sports is going to be a revolution!
thank you judy!!!!!
I love our office : I'd say this is a good start with the office decorating project
You know theses yinzers need that TRAYB city is running on E
You need to fight for yourself in this life, because no one else is going to do it for you.
It's a fresh beat every day.
do you have What it Was by George Pelecanos?
do I know you lol
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
To get More of God...
We must get the Max out of ourselves!!!
John James is going on a retreat, Saturday is his last day for a while.
Stop in and toast his travels.
Goddamn I just wanna spin tracks right now.
woooohoooo!
We should throw a party!!
If you still don't have plans for the weekend take a look  www.fromspainmagazine.com the best interiordesign from
is that your baby?
Becoming addicted to NBCSportsNetwork Hockey coverage...
DC: Green team, we are going to need your support when you candidate gets crushed next week.
Don't take it personal, it's politics!
picked up a script I was writing a little while ago because it was frustrating me, but now I have a fresh outlook on it!
If you were sleeping how do you know he was staring at you?
Ryan McDonagh finished 6 minutes  change short of a Full HOUR of playing time tonight for the NYRangers.
Absolute beast.
: I like study for my Intellectual Property exam because carrying around a book with....
Girl, u r in law school.
U R SMART!
So...I'm like really bored and it's like 3am
Yeah, they are all in Tampa.
The Tampa WPDev community is excellent.
what up.
I'm off Sunday if u wana record.
Let me know
Who's ready for the Monday night jam session It's gonna be great!
626 S.
Spring St.
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.Wayne Dyer
Fireworks?
What did you expect the IDF to use?
waterpistols?
What would happen if you messed with the Russian army or Egypt??
Sitting on the porch making cheese jokes with
Jamey Aebersold Workshop starts in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen.
Grab you Axe, we'll be jamming til 1:30
What's a really good fitness magazine who's tips actually work?
So who is gonna win in the nfl today?
Thanks for asking about our ramen specials.
We have had several different ramens on our rotating specials for a year or so.
Thank you darling Gloss!
On tomorrow's patCAST, Brian Beise from the band reads their first piece of hate mail!
Singing doctoram The Impossible doctoram at Juice Plus conference!
XD I feel so special
If those around you are faithful to GOD then they will be faithful to you!
Hot Chocolate :
lol :o why?
...when all the money goes to the top, all the polical power goes to the top Robert Reichs at
Some girls aren't impressed with these fanatics.
Uwm sce languages classes going on as planned tonight.
Nice article about Mormanism in
cassidy i asked my mom .....ok ill ask im gona hang up call u later
Happy Birthday D.L.
Hughley!!
doctorft night...it's like Christmas in April.
It looks like Geoff Downes stole captainin Kangaroo's jacket.
Omg :o Hannah K.
doctorves?!
Since when?!?!
Lol oh goodness.
They don't love me.
They just need me when they have nobody.
Oh yuck.
DOn't eat anything with peanut butter on it before you brush your teeth.
thx for the kind words:
: WOW!
Great tune!
Congrats on the debut!
I think I shall spread the word!
Thank Ya!!!
YOU JUST AIN'T GONNA LET THIS DIE R U?
doctorIMANLOVESITLOUD AND YOU'RE JUST ANNOYINGASFUCK.
THE END.
We will never forget those who died 10 yrs ago today and the many who have risked their lives since to keep us safe.
God Bless the USA!
I'm too shy and have too much stage fright to do anything for :
We all know this team will be great next season,Lets hope Pack fixes the D.
Oh my God just let me go already.
Clement Hodgkinson is today's beard.
Never heard of him?
Check it out...
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
You're not gonna find any place with better HappyHour specials than Fridays!
Choose from 5 LITs, 2 domestic doctorfts and MORE!
Everyone wants a reason to celebrate.
What about sinkhole de Mayo in honor of the sinkhole in
I needed those extra 30 minutes of sleep.
TRYNA FRONT ON MY SWAG.....KNOCK IT OFF!!
Gov.
Brown reported yesterday: he has collected enuff signatures 2 qualify his tax initiative 4 Nov ballot
Show that you Like us on Facebook and we'll give you 5 off any product purchase of 30 or more through 12/10.
Certain restrictions apply.
Always be humble and gentle.
Be patient with each other, making allowance for each others faults because of your love.
Ephesians 4:2 NLT
Getting ready for my talk about ICTenabled city government field operations during extreme events at
Shout out to the most beautiful woman ever.
That feeling when you see a sneak peek from a shoot magic I'm so thankful for my life!
Just want to wish our good friend a Happy Birthday thanks for a the love you show us :
Sounds great David!
plz email ur contact info and update.
Thx.
you'll be the prince  i'll be the princess; its a love story baby just say yes 3 
all I wanted for Christmas was a follow from u :
ShoutOutToo she's pretty follow her.
Mega lame.
Thank you very much!!
Ha!
I figured the punch was a nice button to close with!
Go big!
very nice.
I saw dash Berlin at vision here and it was nasty.
LIVE RADAR detecting A LOT of lightning strikes w/ tstorms.
Be careful if you are headed to work in the next few hours.
it's back again, to the original lmfao:P nope .
just in bed bored, what bout youu?x
No matter how much a woman/women love youyour heart will only love Paula.
She wants you to be happy.
You have to love her
HAPPY FRIDAY everyone!
RT : TODAY Hueman presents AT THE SCHOMBURG in Harlem, NYC RANDALL ROBINSON INTERVIEWED BY CHERYL WILLS OF NY1 MAKEDA
rewinding Conan
Yah, Yelp!!
Thanks for mentioning the Ballston AC Market in your newsletter this morning.
We're On the Radar!
so when you came to Dallas I gave you a dollar bill with my twitter, on it...
but you never followed me.
:
Every month should be Be Kind to Food Severs month.
Please and thank you never go out of style.
Insanity day 17 at the gym for round dos rockin it with my kick ass earphones i bought for 1.89
Best rapper of all times 
Wish I had more to post about than my health problems right now.
channel GO at 7:30 pm : .x
Not feeling that bathroom rug shes wearing
thats going on my business card
With 22 current permanent  touring productions worldwide,today's birthday boy billionaireGuy Laliberte,Canada's king of the circus world
From www.CapitolPropertyInvestments.info Have A Most Divine Day!
Just had my first Google Hangout experience with for my tech class at SPU.
Pretty sweet.
Lists are collections of Twitter users that you can follow all at once, instead of one by one
Blog importer now fully working with all versions of Atom and RSS.
I know
South Park Slope jumping the shark!
RT Tim Mays and I providing happy hour soundtrack at the Whistle Stop today 58pm.
bff folks, we need to plan a gettogether!!!
for reals.
I want this so bad!
We were nominated by the show Maxima Distorzion for an award!!!
We're going to be on MTV 3!!
I know I've said it before but all of our fans make everything worth while!
You all are the bees knees!
Why I love following : They remind me of the JesseOwens special I wanted to watch!
when is the next event?
My 2011 streak of avoiding Wonderful Christmastime was just broken  and Rahsaan Patterson's cover is even worse than Macca's original.
Fitch Affirms Nuevo Banco Comercial39;s Ratings; Outlook to Positive
yeah, an adequate stimulus wd hv us doing well by now...Fdoctorcreated jobs tht benefit us to this day, investors hoard 
We've got a brand new menu!
What better way to try out some new dishes than by starting with halfoff select appetizers from 47pm??
I HATE that bitch Ruby!!!!
Just when we thought we wouldnt have morning practice we were proved wrong yet again.
I dont even remember the last was i got up before 7:15
A kid just came to my door and said: 25 or 30 years ago...there were these people called paperboys.
15 year olds can't sell nostalgia.
Too funny...I call them fun suckers!
I prefer to be a funjector myself.
Gdluck!
Long days long nights and you just can't sleep...know what u mean Alicia Keyes
That is a very good idea!
There are two kinds of light  the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
yes, that was exactly the message!
Thnx.
do people call you Brooke,and what's your last name?
on every jukebox in NY tonight!
And good.
This is what getting in a van can prevail.
Midwestish Pride
RT : Annual budgets for state transfer student info portals are from 20K to 1M.
Few assess institutional fees.
also, the warning system FAILED, that's like having the gas indicator light go on with 1 mile left before you run out
Made it to the grocery store AND put away the groceries before collapsing back on the couch.
Darron Thomas at Browns camp?
must have missed that
Dex: Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego.
Me: Yeah, no Sh!t !!
Adam Foote visited my school today.
It was so cool.
He was so down to Earth and not how i expected him to be.
Roll tigers!
Don't tell but I had dessert at Pele's lunch today.
Zeppole with awesome sauces.
very disappointed in last nite's results.
i look at it this way...its just sooner u get to start ur own record.
keep rockin!
x.
I think it's a pride issue.
I've decided to get over my pride and look for the great ideas from others.
Pickle tits!!!!
So guys!
It's my amazing friend birthday today!
Make sure you tweet her!!:
Congratulations !!
Cover of Sports Illustrated..
of course!!!!!!
I voted for you, You Rock, and You ROCKED it in San Fran!!
it's about how you feel anyway.
The scale just reflects a number.
I wanna fuck all my Ex's, but I don't want anything else to do wit em though.
Seeing Eric Church tonight3333333333
me too!
I will right now!: is it the same ?:
Thinks its funny how kids think they are being quiet/getting away with things after bedtime.
Happy Birthday!!!!!!
cant wait to play How To Love with tomorrow!!!
Josh Hamilton 4 HR's in 1 game.
Wow!
I wish things could just work out :/
I'm sick of all this snow shit can't wait till spring.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Now I'm singing Fly Me to the Moon.
I mean, a man can doctoram can't he?
it says not found : is she with you?
GO FIND AN OUTLET
never mind
Apple Sisters tonight at Elephant Lab!
sounds good.
I will need to buy all of these ingredients tonight.
don't tell him about
thanks again to everyone that aided the process!
especially you guys rock!
I think that stat is the perfect way to sum 'Melo up
We're working on steps of service training and menu knowledge.
This is a great staff!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 44
We consider it our mission to become a superior informational resource for even the most discerning user
that is SO AWESOME!!!
still up for K/Jdoctorma fest Sunday?
P.R.E.PUSSY RUNS EVERYTHING
thanks for the follow...
got you on the follow back..
love those numbers..
lol i respect your hustle.
RT : Getting excited about being a twitter moderator w for the LJ Tech Summit: hashtag  LJtechsmt join us...
GLD looks good for an uptrend, TIF could get really ugly, LNKD back to the 65 area soon, SPY might break the weekly 200 MA could see 105.
yea really : you're beautiful!!!
Seriously : you have really pretty eyes, a great smile :
The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I'm going to OCCUPY WALL STREET tomorrow morning' WHO WANTS TO JOIN ME???
Let's meet for breakfast first : 3
change account again?
:o
Can't think.
Too freaked out by your avatar.
twittertools Twitoria: How many friends are you really following?
Twitoria finds your friends that havent tweeted in a long time so you ca
Kalevala Leetaru talking about difficulty of captainring frequently updated websites.
I'm handicapped and I know it!
beats on the way Chef
If you want me, show me.
If you need me, tell me.
If you have me, love me.
If I'm worth it, fight for me
these TTs are boring.
let's trend something new.
please
Thanks  just looking at your product  thats for realz?
I was just introduced to b12 complex  it totally helps w/ hangovers
I leave on august 6.
Four weeks baby!
Let's get it going!
Ah yes  Pasadena!
So pretty there.
One of my favorite LA places.
Obama's message today: doctorll baby doctorll isn't going to fix a thing.
We need to invest in new sustainable energy.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!98
oomf always knows how to make me angry

When you delete people out your phone , A day later is when they always decide to hit you up .
Miss Loretttta I'm ready for the rest of my tour...
Hahahaha Killed it in
is the absolute best!
Love the old school vs new school magic game/ weekend idea!
Avon is pretty boring so far.
Missing the greatest neighbor Come home!
dam capo came at you
Another great day on the kitchen!
Curry chicken salad with cashews and cranberry raisins!
Culver City Art Walk this weekend!
Stop by 2673 S.
La Cienega.
dm me back :
If you're in my country flaunting a flag from else where, go live in that country haters!
Not gonna lie  still a little satisfying watching the Steelers ALMOST lose to Curtis Painter.
If You LOVE Her, You Should Put Her FIRSt !
Headed back to work.
The two day vaca is over
Am I the only one who shoves pictures in Ares' and Max's faces and tries to explain to them how adorable they are/were?
Would you have time to meet over coffee?
Love to get to know each other.
:
Kick some Red Wings BUT!!!!!!!!
leggo!
Nice way to serve the beer back.
Very Sconnie.
Will do.
What's with the name change?
/anchorsandoctorporters ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter 2 Haiti;He's back in US to report on aid effort  Interview Opp
ASGFGHJKHSGKSKJSKLA is going to be on the east coast :D will be in the same time zone!!!!!
RT : FInd the Bogus Ad in this month's print issue of Times?
Fake ad could be worth 100 cash!
Pick it up!...
ha, what is up!
Am I a little bit jealous of and her DiSC colleagues?
Why yes.
Yes I am.
I can't stop listening to Boyfriend!
it's so god!
I love it!
this song will get to 1 on iTunes!
if its ok with you, I wanna call you LaTonka Jackson from now on!
luv your body keep up ALL the great work!!!!
Q6 What are some lowcost ways I can promote my smallbiz?
Thank you Zoe, true 18 days!
Sign up www.sofiafellini.com
I can't I font have her number.
Sorry ;
Networking today  please don't start a 30 second intro by telling others how bad you are at it  just say it with confidence and practice!
I'll hit u up this week
I'm tearing myself away from that Dakota Fanning Brittney Murphy movie and tuning in
Make a new season of Pawn Stars plz.
Love that show.
Lance, that error may be because you don't have a verified payment method on oDesk.
Can you check that?
i'm the only one, except for my dead family.
amazingly, a large proportion of them are accepting
Thank you for the follow!
Jason
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
I swear and and are so wonderful and beyond gorgeous they takin over
well, hell, everyone who thinks they're making fair use public performances better brush up on 110, if that's right.
he means well.
I think.
RT : Dave , atleast you're not this douche RT:: shut up
Looks like the Packers bought a machine gun to shoot themselves in the foot as much as possible...Pack let the Bears score here?
that's insane I just went 2 a planned parenthood the other day I got my iud removed paid cash.no prob.
So which 1 r u referring 2?
bestlines...of all the guys I'm fuckin right now, you're my favorite 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
oh you sweet thing, LOL
lol no.
Is your campus using that?
blog talk radio.
MPLP doesn't mean you can't focus on robust description for access.
Even unprocessed collections can get a finding aid
400 fans!
Thanks SO much, everyone!!
I'm going on vacation next week, but when I return, I'll do a little promotion.
Stay tuned!
Cheers!!
I feel for you!
Good luck tonight!
too bad we can't just give them a magic sleeping pill and knock them out!
ha!
:
your not alone cuz
I appreciate everyone that follow...
Thanks to everyone that sent me Birthday wishes...
God Bless!!!!
Sometimes you just need to break out the interrobang: 
furchat great topic , i'll be there!
boyfriend video!
Whhaadduupp?!
yikes!
Glad you're okay.
not sure but sounds fun anyways hahah
peace is a goal THT i want to accomplish.
its became my main objective.
its the thing i desire more then power.
uglynames george zimmerman
Perhaps the third time will be the charm.
right now, Irene is whipping through Virginia, around Norfolk.
I am on Long Island and already getting rain!
YLD Save Now: 50 Off Customized framing solutions for your print, master, or anything in between www.yourluckydeals.com
another day another tear another month another year Another winter fall spring and summer too but there will never be another you /3
thanks for the thought.
will u ever follow me
LAMHarvard THickerson: Role of libraries in preserving research data?
Must be an archival approach to authenticity, versioning, integrity.
Yes you do, this stuff only happens in
O fun!
Be glad you are missing the snowstorm here!
So cold.
YUP.
: Stupid conversations make sense when you are talking to someone special.
Why thank you!
I'm excited.
Praying for my little man, they just took him back for more oral surgery 2nd time in less than a year.
Yes I have heard that, now if I could get my team to stop bringing in the big tub of nondark chocolate to the office.
Obama will most likely be the first and last black president bc he is really just a bunch of talk like the rest this govt really sucks
piracy is right if you're doing right, right?
That's too bad.
It would have been a great addition.
RT The Lower Greenville bowling alley got denied 65.
RT hell yeah to this!: : I just wanna get high and eat taco bell.
some great brisket in the newsroom provided by
sometimes getting there is more fun than the actual destination.
Don't Sandusky this up with talk of vacation days
Who got hustled by Capital One for a credit card the moment they landed on campus?
Why are they so interested in college students?
Yes, I still love the Pet Shop Boys.
WARNING: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear.
Author Unknown...
LIVE now.
LOVE now.
LAUGH a lot.
Seize YOUR day.
Go Giants!!!
hay harry , i love you , will you marry me ?
The worst gift is a fruitcake.
There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other.
Johnny Carson
We wonder if you might be interested in reviewing BUZZ, a contemporary novel.
The book is in several national competitions.
they closed at 10
There were two blue s at the car wash in my office bldg.
One was mine.
Was the other one yours?
new restaurant suggestions would be elev 5900 where falcon was and casa mariachi for Mexican by murdochs
Regis Philbin is the such a class act!
I feel blessed to have a met him and watched him work.
End of an era!
Looking for a cheap laptop ?
We have one on sale right now!
www.dealshow.com
: RT : Everyone get your booties down to amp; see my girl funk it up!
Bloody Marys and Netflix until SpringJam :
yeah and the clients
: I soon as u posted that i heard it in dman's mix lmaoo RT : Aww Shit.
The Dominicans are in the building..??
11PM: Ben WebsterJeff HamiltonJames BrownArt BlakeyJohn Lewisme.
Jazz88 FM
Not sure yet, but I will let you know when I try!
It's definitely been surreal scoping the news about yesterday's events in NYC I look understandably furious in some of the footage.
My boss congratulations success by busting a rhyme.
I am going to play latest rhyme on speaker.
Being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, and being strangers again.
Just being social today!
Lol
seriously tho...no clue who or y we follow u.
U play in sassc?
Hope this isn't adult content related.
We a family show!
:
Got confirmation I'm on the right track...
I may be a work in progress but my God is still showing me favor!
is bowling.
Fire alarm issue in Swiss Re corporate headquarters is keeping me stuck on the bus and from going to work.
monday 
Is it weird that I have your twitter name memorized?
aha.
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world.
Historical or contemporary Contact:
Knicks have to show they're ready to be a contender in the East with a good showing today in Boston
I look around and all I see, is your happiness embracing me.
I just twitter creeped on you and found out you've tweeted 29 times in the last 24 hours!
Cool it with the caffeine bro!
This our night, the look in my armpit says we can go all the way.
I'm starting to feel more and more like an HIV testing counselor.
I just gotta set up my county appt for certification.
.....excuse you
I guess I'm lucky I have so many people to defend my name.
But, I'm just trying my best not to just crack.
Here we goahh :/
OH Wow.
so u have been pretty much working day and night as of late it sounds
This is the sexiest picture you've ever posted
RT WATCH THE KONY 2012  PASS IT ON TO EVERYONE!!
and hello :
fuck you white
Got my nails done yay!
yup.
so did brad stevens.
this really sucks
What you don't want to hear from the people staying in the hotel room right below yours: I've been doctornk for three days!
serious question, were u a heat fan prior to 2011?
Helicopter!
Nobody better try flying in here!
Rain or Shine, gym time is gym time!!!!!
Singing O Holy Night in springlike temperatures is a little strange.
is an outstading AfricanAmerican.
I will nominate him.
hey austin 3333 can u plzzzzzzzz folo me it would make my day D
tato RT : yo slide thru my crib when u go home cause im not at school anymore THANKS
Okay y'all, I'm looking for someone who went to prom back in the late 80's who has a kid going this year.
Time for a trip down memory lane!
Got a new scarf from Germany!
:.
: I sent my ballot in supporting Bro.
in his candidacy for GP.
AsstDistrictDirectorApprovedThank you!
06!
Long werk day ahead; this bum fluff makes me feel like I'm in the wilderness
WHERES MY DAD WHEN WE NEED HIM THE MOST!!!!!!
:

Wish I could be there.
OSU played ineligible players for 13 football games this year, I would love about 25 min of Enes tonight!!!
Warren, remember him with us at Zanzibar and he wouldn't end til 3330am and it was still packed waiting for Chuck Brown.
is on tomorrow from 12PM.
We'll ask about his new TV project and anything else you want to know.
!!!
: Alot of hoes still mad I'm doing better.....
Its Okay, Blame God....
He chose this life for me, all I did was pray for it!
well maybe you were doing something wrong?
Lol
A website is an excellent medium to expand the business and take it to a completely new height.
Chancellor Nordenberg is testifying in Harrisburgh regarding the budget right now.
Bout to get these doctorads twisted and braided...so shawty show me how that neck feel and then how the rest feel...
I'm proud to be part of the top stories pack
So awesome all around!
Let me connect you to who puts all this business magic together!
i already did :
The Gooch!!!
Go Sharks!
Old actions, new regrets.
Funny how things change.
ADDICTED TO TRIGGA!
!!!!
enjoy!!
0 and hey I love the way you sing Dance With My Father That's one of my favorite song 
goodnight gabs!
That made me spit out my wine  you SO funny.
Nohomo
Frolik  Morrison scored the only goals tonight.
That explains everything  Leddy  Crawford humiliating themselves in OT.
Headed off for a newborn shoot with baby Iris, beautiful day for shooting!
Senate just gave preliminary OK to flush tax increase.
The number 1 reason college guys become cheerleaders sounds like stunt, only with a slightly different spelling.
wtf is 856 ?
I don't have that 
Pink vneck in Miami  suit and tie in Santiago.
See you Friday morning.
Nice hat by the way.
Yes!
Thanks for the RT :
Looking for a cheap, airsoft scope, mildot, red/green illuminated, 4x32 or 39x32.?
: dean
yourethereason I woke up this morning.
I think they should make doctorss shirts out of techtee material.
As you wish.
Missing someone  No texts from them  Worst feeling.
did I miss the trivia?
Never mind.
Think I misread the motivational one.
This new Twitter interface is brutal.
Me no like.
Energy, invincible determination with the right motive, are the levers that move the world
always haters out there!
Good game tonight....fear the young buck!!!
I Am Thankful For All The Bullshit !!!
Thank you !!
at The Shop on Main.
Gonna be there a while?
Ha Perfect!
Game 7 of WorldSeries is just minutes away!
What is your prediction: Rangers OR Cardinals?
And who wins the MVP?
Enjoy the game!
That's cool!
:D
There is an adult have a screaming contest with a baby on the LIRR.
Totally appropriate.
oh yes 333333
I'm glad she found her a friend maybe she will leave me alone!
A green automotive shop?
We're working on it, can't wait to share the details.
.
.
These people on Snapped is straight CRAY!
They divorce their spouse and kill em' too!
Just walk away...
move on...
next year, WILL be at KCA.
we just gotta believe
But they'll be coming back?
I heart one in particular.
My cat no longer trusts me.
Knock ' em dead, Anthony.
mister President...
Was that a monkey joke?
because it works either way...just sayin..
Alarm clocks.
Cus every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
I DM'd you, did you get it?
They gotta have something to do while Yo is on the mound, right?
Once testing is complete, I'll do SEO and then publish the site.
May need a tad bit of help with SEO.
that is beautiful!
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you.
Happy Friday.
MarcJacobs is in a sheer doctorss and pilgrim shoes and we're barely even shocked.
Despite All Of This BS I Want To Get Wasted This Weekend
we've had to be very intentional about program design given our student body.
When I die...
my people are gonna have fun going through my texts and snail mail...
lol so much gossip
elliot from blessthefall..
i saw somewhere old pics of him with like black hair lol
Good times last night with a sendoff to 's single lady status.
Today I think I will rest.
:
Finished the essays, church this morning, then a midterm  yardwork.
Looking forward to the on 9/7 and 9/8
all you need is a GWAR sighting...
yea all it was just poor Internet connection...
Quick stop in downtown Cincy for lunch/beer and Opening Day Parade before class.
FV!
all y'all
Picked up Jack Gilbert's Collected Poems today at Caliban.
Happy to see it carried at a local bookshop.
BAHAHAH well u can be a sport by sport follower...I allow that here with
Goodmorning World!!!
Be Great today...
looks like session on teaching touch isn't much different than his workshop on Monday.
At least he is entertaining!
After a night of strange zombie police doctorams I've given up and got up, so much for an after work sleep in.
hello to you too:
Just got done talking geo thermal with a customer!
I am a nerd
nah, did when it launched
thanks baby kisses
Hanging out with friends and talking about but in a good way I mean and Justin we are huge fans!!!
I Love Judge Napolitano!
Thanks for the link!!
Last week of tour...ever?
OH that's a bottle of air.
Lol
Franklin tomorrow
Okay AMNewsers..
What's going on out there?
Your PhD thesis sounds intriguing!
any news on mays?
Yes, The Killing is fab.
The unfolding each week is brilliantly done.
Each week is equally compelling as the previous.
excited about trying out Phat spoon in Little Tokyo for dinner tonight 
lmao imagine me on that show!
yeah.
Because its straight bullshit.
I was hurt at first, now I'm just pissed.
You're inspiring.
Your dedication  involvement in your projects are super motivating.
Keep up the good work.
Listening to some1 preach.
so odd we are to walk up 2 people  assume we kno what's best.
My Uncle Gary is a strange, strange man.
But my god he is wise as hell.
So much knowledge and shit.
then go Tigers!
: :D MULE DAY 2012 A day to remember!!
A3 Fascinating how someone can be hired by ESPN without being met in person
Scheduled EMC E20918 Cloud Architect Expert exam for this Friday.
Hope I have enough time to study.
Postinstruction reflection is so important and so easy to skip.
My math teacher cant say shit about how listening to music while in class wont help u because i finish my homework everyday in class so Ha!
: Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor; only fools insist on quarreling.
Prov.20:3
And THANK YOU for spelling Destery's name correctly!
Haha everyone spells it wrong
I remember years ago, someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love,,, I Did /3
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the words Swag and YOLO!
Thank you for all you did for the band misterJerry Chambers  Rest in peace my friend......
just want you to know we have a full band again and are ready to work with you in anyway.
any show promo/ reviews would help a ton.

Learn to keep your private life private.
what's the debate about
: what's up yo hope you is good miss yo NO HOMO DUDES
what porno on your twitter maybe lol
Ha, it must be REALLY late now!
Whatever you do, dont buy anything that has a screaming informercial host!
thanks for clearing that up.
I feel much younger now
I should buy a dump truck.
Love doctorving with the windows down on nights out like tonight!
no offense to the other team members but why are you so built compared to them???
Haha love you guys
Life has a funny way of proving you wrong whenever you think you finally understand it.
I'm so tired of being judged :
The Scream sold for more last night than the combined total for all the Sotheby's and Christie's book auctions in 2011
Omg he looks like T mills :o
Streaming at the stadium to hear songs from all of the acts playing at BuzzBeachBall2012 this year!
I see one every day on my way to school .
5 to 10,000 a month jobs available in the field of entertainment P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS WE NEED U NOW!!!
Love is a symbol of eternity.
It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
Our Own wisdom isn't enough to make it in this life.
We need the Holy Spirit 2 guide us into ALL truth.
We're done in the studio.
Now what should we do?
The weather in Boston is absolutely gorgeous...ALMOST makes it worthwhile enduring 34 months of arsebiting cold the rest of the year
Self harming is bad kids, don't do it.
RT : Q1.
Whats in your makeup bag this spring?
If you are coming to wawomenwant tonight at Wing Luke Museum  parking is available for special event rate of 2 at 900 South King St.
Is Weezer on the approved playlist?
Home after 2 more days of doctorving..
sick, though.
Ugh.
Mike finished his leg at 6:13 pace in Wales.
We are now 5 minutes ahead of schedule.
Average team pace at 6:56.
Awesome !
Attn....inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle is now available on itunes!!!
SUPPORT GO GET IT
Methinks its just spilt flour...
But you never know...
Focus focus focus focusing
Maryland Film Festival kicks off with pleasure and pain
ps my cousin almost convinced me to stay in Alabama with my pops and work at mcdonalds.
I was thisclose to doing it.
friendship, messages with big words that I have to look up, music, shadow collaborators, tea and now sleep.
Why are they sad and glad and bad?
I do not know, probably neurochemistry; fetch the mister!
wow I read for 2 hours I guess a lil more womt hurt me :
Too sexy wen sick
I wish I was as cool as Jackson
Happy first birthday to GTFish!
Good luck w/ tonight's oyster bonanza!
No it just means if you are 20 under its a 15 dollar charge...
Its all ages.
21 just gets a better price.
Let me know when I should get my car keys...
Forbidden Planet or The Day the Earth Stood Still
when it gots hotter, we'll go!
thanks man..
Was it IOBY?
The client will be stoked
oh my gawd she's gonna have a BF.
what ?
She's gonna have a bitch fit!!!!
status update.
Power doctorp another one
follow me an ill follow back
Getting ready for my gig at the Hilton Universal  7 to 10pm, come say hi.
Monday Mentions!
You guys rock!
exciting times!
Happy to hear things are movin and shakin : 
Thanks for the RT!
any thoughts on location?
Yes, unless it's February and the Packers are winning the SB
Ima Leave Them Legs Shaking And Pussy Throbin
Looking for a Mac application that catalogs everything on my backup hard doctorves.
Anyone have any they would recommend?
Yippie!!
RT : I will be there.
Just remind me excessively next week.
I concur with ya on this 1 !
Me time.needed
Interested in virtual water?
Check out examiner.com environmental health in reno
Somebody bring me foods.
a mm mcflurry from mickeyd's.
I'll give you chocolates.
:
I love when people express their opinions on twitter like it matter when really no one gives a shit...including me
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
please unblock my personal
Oh yes cause how could I not be jealous of all that.
RT : Remember when the Saints put up 49 points on your D!!remember when we won the super bowl
BORED TO DEATH ....
: RT do i know you ?
dm your numberno you bout.
To
corollary to that if earth is ever visited by aliens, they would probably have to be immortal vampire zombies.
Behind every successful man is his woman behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman
hell nah lol.
Had so much fun touring on Saturday!
Mom loved the East Side; me, the Fixed Gear.
And River West.
And Cream City...
TONIGHT: Book launch/signing/reading by  The original Pfister Narrator  AIR Shelby Keefe farewell
Who would've thought
So holierthanthou too...how about Brooks' shirt?
No one over 40 should be wearing a shirt like that.
The wait is over  new posts up
No Buzzard beater that time.
THANKS!
Cheers!
RT : I hope you're doctornking the best ie Great cups of cheer!
When pb doesnt know when to use the heat or the a/c 
hello!
We look forward to having you.
What is the name on the reservation?
just fyi, ms honey from matilda is in mad men.
If I gave you my love.
I'd tell you what I'd dooo0o0o0o.
I'd expect a whole lot of love out of you.
Huh.
u a senior and she a freshmen .
.
.
cum on now
Your last tweet was pompous and silly.
Our responsibility is to be kind and sensitive, not to respect arbitrary borders.
I've officially been Kiddered.
I'm not an old fucking swinger, I'm apparently a fucking pussy.
Something I really enjoy doing, BTW.
Any more study breaks at the library?
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight Eisenhower
RT : Do you like Spooning?
Then check out our new project , a great new geolocation based social networking site...
AllIWant is 'HER'...
followsunday Follow our friend She's totally awesome.
Find good helpful advice on getting organized and rid of clutter,confusion and crankiness for good.
see post www.giggling.blogdog.com
One thing I haven't resumed since the crisis is getgluing and listing the stuff I'm watching.
Still hard to get back into that.
I dunno why.
Is my deck super tidy or my yard clear of weeds?
No.
Am I enjoying it anyway?
You bet.
Want 2 new tats today
Dont play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
Just realizing I have always sucked at Boolean logic and probably always will.
lol.
Or u ain't mature physically wen that happened u noticed attention and felt like u was fine.
Lol
Braves bullpen needs to get their shit together!
Come on Johnny!
Tonight was so much fun!
Thanks to everyone who put the show on and to all those who came out!!!!!
We truly appreciate all your support.3
oh  sorry  I'd cuddle you back  but don't want to get you sick as well
wait for our weather  it's not here yet
sounds scarier
Superman cartoons before the show?
I am in my element.
Red Tails is so revealing.
For instance, apparently WWII airmen invented the NFL pregame chant/dance.
Who knew?

are amazingly beautiful wonderful lovely girls.
i wish to grow up just like them!
3
WomensHealth: Strike a pose.
Regular yoga practice will lower stress, prevent weight gain, and even boost your energy.
LMAO i thought that meant Fface Bbook Ggina Mmarie
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Girls just want a man who say's I love you every night and proves it every day.
: atlas sound was so much fun last night.
closed with a 30 minute jam on neil young's 'tonight's the night' SO FUN
Hello everyone!
What's up?.
Great work Unifi Showstoppers team!
We love reading the coverage in rainy Seattle.
thank you very much.
It's pure joy.
It kindaa bugs me but, whatever though /
You are most welcome.
: Blake: One out of every seven Americans has at least 10 credit cards.
PressTV
eh.
I gave up.
I got the looks  body, just need to practice my doctormming skills!
That what you mean?
doctormming doesn't come as natural!
but then I would have to leave you 3
It's so much fun!
You should def get on it 
RT : Starting at 5PM, tix to the 1st 100 people for Flacco autograph will be sold for 25.
All proceeds go to !
This would really add a personal touch to a wedding.
If I was getting married, I would definitely get one.

We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you.
doctorp everything now' meet me in tha pourin rain kiss me on tha side walk take away tha pain ' cause i see sparks fly when i see u smile3
For his transgression he is to be condemned.
Tich Naht Hahn A man in his own estimation who considers hiself a good father, may
Thx for S/O RT : Dude, my man.
That is a awesome video.
Amazed by the Canucks fans who thought the Torres hit was clean...
Brief fireworks at Perrish Cox trial.
Defense asks for mistrial based upon words of Demaryius Thomas.
judge says no.
Crisis averted
I tune into SNL at the end just so I don't miss the beginning of In Wine Country
the best show!
watching it now!
I would LOVE a follow!;
Interactive Marketing Manager Job Opening in Singapore.
Just took a look.
What is this?
They sell these prints?
Just saw the floor plan for the Spectrum Art Show  what a blast  we're sitting near most of our favorite people!
Just what the heck is brainbased learning?!
Terrific news on permanent injunction against VoterID law.
MYC opposed law in March 2011.
Hark!
Quote of the day: All the advice in the world will never help you until you help yourself.
Guess who said this quote!
Well, you called me names too.
A Christian.
We are ready!
Great rehearsal today!
Nashville here we come!!!
Is my child bordering u?
Ask me abt
I look forward to seeing you again, Eva!
As much as going back is a bummer, I'm sure you and your family are looking forward to the for good part.
Enjoy your vacation!
The Standard Pour has a shot infused with
thanks man!
i'm lucky things have been working out well so far.
next step is to start making money so i can keep this up...
Hope I make it through this day
Most emotional survivor scene ever.
I will always be an ebenator.
You're an amazing singer  you can't give up now.
You don't need Idol to go big.
Love you!
Good to hear.
I've got video equipment for you.
lol I love you two
How are you?
been kuu..
i was bouta hit u up the other day man..
then i forgot smh
please follow me
Seems someone hacked into my account.
Everyone who sent a message please check your accounts and reset pws!
SAY YOU WANT ME TO GO, AND IT'S THE 1YEARICONIVERSARY, AND IT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN HAWAII.
Does this group lie like and do?
hanging out with my friends!
You are just a very worldly kind of guy!
Miss you stranger!
So whens this storm gonna hit?!?!
Just chillin in my room waiting...
where is my mind c:
The savory goat cheese and apple muffin is incredible
Something wrong with my neck!
it hurt so bad!.
just woke up and people in america are up before me....oops.
its so early, i don't wanna wake up.
we're so luckyy 'cause we never grow up....
Merry Christmas everyone  sincere thanks for another great year!!!
time heals everything.
just doctorma...
Family doctorma as always
next time?
cool hats tour 2012
: thanks for the shout!

where could I find more info about the Hung Out To doctor movement?
The President currently speaking with Gov.
walker and Mayor Barrett.
Todd Hicks TodaysTMJ4
Maybe does not believe in growth but in limitation, so is willing 2 limit its customers 2 Rush fans.
chase fail theft : Chase keep making up new fee's without actually delivering value.
Can't wait for
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Lord help us all, is doctorving the 1st leg of the trip home!
Thank you and for the FF love.
:
I like the pic.
She was less than cool to me on twitter when we were playing FSU in 09...she was forcing 'unbiased' bs
You think anyone still believes Brees is still MVP?
Rodgers is by far the best
You should be world heavy weight champion.
morning!!
Busy days dont stop coming if you keep yourself busy.
Keep moving foward!
Nope completely normal!!!!
Dentwitexaminer has changed user name.
It's now DenverPop.
I still tweet about Denver Twitter and Pop Culture.
Hey Twitter...time for some rebranding.
The wannabe formerly known as TechFratBoy is now Thanks!
I'm so bored at work
Insanely tired.
Omg/:
Goodnight, gay boys3
who's on the panel?
Ears pierced.
Check.
doctorads.
Check.
me either LOL
RT i got dooped into getting up for a 9am fitness trifecta which turned out to be just a tour of the resort fuck that.
i have a confession .........
i live in a spaceship and i transform into a human every morning
And the Oscar goes to....Alexander Semin!
Info session about mifflin this year is starting in 15 minutes in 1121 humanities!
See you soon!
the one with you in the glasses
North American Defense and the War on doctorgs
I call him gay C: convince him to go!:o
Let us help you with your entire image at www.hairinthecity.me We offer free consultations with an appointment.

We need AT LEAST 15 more volunteers by Fri.
Could you give us a tweetout?
have your summer fun...
Don't listen to him lol
Prairie dogging at work is the worst thing possible :/
Taking a bit of a break from social media while traveling has been really pretty nice.
Enjoyed Paris and am glad to be back in Rome!
Yes I am but no the girl that plays rikki is Cariba and she does not have a twitter I have checked
': Sanks, baby 3 You're too cute little sister :
Its hot inside my house ugh
Whenever I am I represent Detroit it's music it's people it's pioneering spirit it's Art it's Pain it's Love!
I am open to your love to!
Getting ready to go into the last hour of reggae vault...
We now feaTure Jah Cure
Already do!:
What is my hamster doing ?!!!!!!!
Bless her 3
Please follow me; 25
Kudos to the man who came to my elderly mother's defense when she'd been waiting for a gas pump and a young guy whipped in  took her pump.
yeah ill ask my mom tomorrow cuz shes at work but ill tell u what she says tomorrow
The mission  doctoramBikes is not only to provide important job skills to the youth who work there, but also to emphasize self confidence.
Had fun tonight  rehearsal
Why isn't Bobby a pall bearer tho
good night to my buddies out in Oakland.
Good work.
Sleep wel.
They shouldve never gave u niggas money !
dave chappelle rick james voice  .
So who's going to the Superbowl???
Think I just heard that Newt busted into song during a speech, singing Fly Me to the Moon.
everyoneisdoingit Can anyone confirm?
This has been a long but blessed day, back in bama!
Can't wait to see the fam tomorrow
Waking up to a message from my best friend from Denmark!
His brothers not too bad in front of the camera, but Im not sure that means he will be good, too.
I am.
we should have instruction chats regularly!
I'm also taking a class now, can share info
I hope I get my andoctorid back today!
crosses fingers
I can do it any day besides Wednesday, just lmk :
Ok, we're enjoying Chocolate Cherry Passion dessert wine w/chocolate covered strawberries  ice cream.
I hate the sick feeling I get from laying down all day,
but you make up for it being a real person on twitter
I shall greet all of my clients with the Beast Mode tomorrow...
If I never met u I wouldn't like u If I didn't like u I wouldn't love u If I didn't love u I wouldn't missu But I did I do  I always will
Meh.
Sometimes.
:p
These are all Amazing!
I Love this one the best though!!
Tequila Thursday!!
2 Frozen Margaritas will be perfect after your hard day at work!
:
I am on season 2 of breakingbad and this could be the greatest tv show ever made.
Magnificence!
Fri Salad: Lemon tossed Arugula Stuffed Prosciutto Rolls w/Grilled Flatbread, Shaved Parmesan Cheese, Toasted Pistachios
that is not true...he never said that...he said he's be willing to compare his admin achvmt vs those of four pres
hope you feel better.
we can climb the steeple at church?
Don't call it a comeback.
RT : Contact lenses w/AR syncing w/ Foursquare/Facebook/Twitter.
I'd like pagers to make a comeback.
yea wat up
A great unexpected detour: The Done Deals at
maybe I'm amazed
Holla!
Rima you look STUNNING as always!
Tomorrow is a fresh start for a new quarter and im going to try my hardest 
REALLY went in on dat comment lol .....talking out u come put him to sleep...
oh man.
He is right though.
Terrible eulogy.
and gang really know how a proper eulogy is done.
jake!!
Follow me please???
how about Kevin Walther?
I have 15 mins to grab him if you think he's better than little.
You know what to do!
Less sun.
More sleep Listening to doctorB's advice ...
RT Today, my skin would benefit from.
The green screen is all painted and ready to go...Here's to another successful shoot tomorrow.
60 and sun in Charlotte!
Cornhole, beer, car bombs, then st patty's bar crawl.
Loving it!
People throw rocks at things that shine.
3
iphone or blackberry?
Its the snapshot of a state of mind where 1 mountain has been climbedtheres more in the distance.But for right now, the view is beautiful
It seem lik she always gotta work on holidays and crap
JESSE YOU ARE THE VOICE Im sure someone will appreciate your talent.
You will sale way more then whoever wins...regards
Thornton's on fire for the Spartans, hitting his third in a row.
2018 now
Pattie sees us as a normal fanbase.
Scooter, Jeremy  Justin know that we're a little pervy.
But Alfredo knows how we REALLY are.
but they're clearly labeled as such.
Nothing beats a great nights rest and a productive day
Ativan party over here
So looking forward to tonight.
now  and about to get on this  status!!!
Singing fingers crossed by handguns like always 3
We are new, but just had the BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
Hi what do you mean?
So HAPPY for on her Grammy win!!!!
Well deserved Laura: So happy for you!!!
is Kindle's repeated scratch due to his inability or that he's not good on spec teams?
How are you?
:D
we don't want to steal each others wind now.
My debit card got rejected at mcdonalds still waiting on to set up my direct deposit
Smh RT : I'm just realizing what an ill ass name Bone ThugsNHarmony is for a group.
Now, the Giants ARE world champions because that style of football isn't played anywhere else in the world.
HappyBirthdayMadison Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday, Dear Madison...Happy Birthday to you: ily 3
What will you stop doing in the next 35 years?
Most of what's suggested we are already doing or have done.
Buy Sid a doctornk and get his dog one too!
Pens 10, 15 seconds in.
Harry Reid's Senate has not passed a budget in 1,111 days.
Hey Alex!
How was your day?
LOL SHE SAID THANK YOU !!!!!!
Shoutout to NotreDameWomensBball for tge great game!
Bring it home
i mean everything i say and i stand by my friends and others when they need me.
havent been listening to radio due to momma listening to church station and the other day while I was loading up the car the car
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love  and to put its trust in life
BruinsStarWars Let him have it.
It's not wise to upset a Bruin.
But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a doctorid.
Darius Miller should get last shot.
If not Miller, then Lamb.
They're our best shooters.
just want to say welcome to TARHEELNATION!!!!!!!!
Giants offense looks like do do
I'll have you know I am a phenomenal skier.
But I have to decline the invite.
Shout out to Kathy Ransier as MC for Women's Fund Keyholder!
Sounds great!
Put me on the team please!
That moment on Icarly when Gibby constantly takes his shirt off
Gonna upload two more icons and then be done for a while!!
: I hope you guys are enjoying them and tweet me if you want a custom one 
Thomas Jones would also win if he was on a roster.
Jackson is 1 and Gore is
i really can't wait, planning my day around this.
So excited
Historically Food prices only rise when unusual weather takes place this is not currently the reason.
Hey there Jeanna!
Nice to hear from you!
I am here in SM world but mostly on G.
You??
:
Hahah oh no and they got me on break with old people!
Grading hell is an of your own creation hell, right?
Like desk clutter hell  I taught my kid the wheels on the bus hell.
Papa's in the house!!!!!
I'm not supposed to be annoyed right?
I don't think that's the way it should go...
That sounds so good!
RT : Traditional hearty tomato meat sauce served over rigatoni...it's the Rigatoni Bolognese!!
Unlocking Wealth: Secret to Market Timing
wuahh idk when to go to D23 whts a good day to go?
Thank you.
They have an online program, but I'm hoping to go to campus as much as I can.
OMG DONT YOU GET IT HE DNT WANT YOU!!!!!
ALL HE WANT IS THAT HEAD!!!!!
BTCHS THES DAYZ WILL NEVER LEARN THATS WHY HE NOT CLAIMIN YOU NOW
Had a blast at Stephen Jan's Mongol rally send off.
Will edit video tomorrow and go to the Guggenheim.
lmaoo!RT : I hate to see ugly girls make ugly faces...
It just makes u look 30x's worse lol
I loved it!
I wanted to hear more about the different types of touches since it is similar to work that I have been doing
definitely!
New adventures to be had!
Thanks!
Watching Poetic Justice.
I miss 90s black coming of age movies
Have fun!
We're having a hungergames costume contest on that day!
Practice random acts of whimsey.
TRAFFIC: EB Hwy 14  Cleveland Rd  a truck lost a load of metal the size of a storage shed  lane blockage
Very true!
is focused
I got the job!!!
I am starting my marketing career!!!
Follow Me Please!?
60
You totally figured me out!
I'll try and not be so ostentatious in the future, lol
Yes, but it's a HOT MESS!
You Rock!
RT: To those who do love me, I love you back.
To those who don't, I hope someone loves you.
To schedule a EMG Injections mister CT Scan call us for unsurpassed customer service!
1800ODx5191
hell yeah!
And we have to have a midget in the oven:P
195k ish at dinner break.
Have a pretty tough table considering the field left.
So fed up with this shit.
and both reneging on coverage of Jen's surgery now.
love thex can we create something beautiful and DESTROY it?
:'3
Damn RG3 thats an ugly suit!
leaving to go to winslow
I won't lie I going to miss my boys in Blue next year
Welcome back!
just so you know theres a big difference between being BI and being a HOE...
Q2 I only tried the medium point but I want to try the calligraphy one
Nationwide males wanted for adult video work.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 500 dollars per shoot.
thank you Ms.
Laura!!
Ugh, isn't here and all I want to do is cuddle.
I need a dog.
:
we got a badass ova hur
The Hunger Games Was Really Good!!: Josh Hutcherson Is Cute :D Lmao
I've seen things on TV about Ben  Jerry's.
They have a very cool and unique approach to business.
Enjoyed reading your review of
your too complicated...
Rockefeller Center is not the same without In fact, it's decidedly worse.
Thanks!
We're all about gap years here :
I am a Tennessee girl so naturally I love Kacie B.
but I will not miss her laugh!
What kind of guys falsify their identities to crash an art school admissions event?
I'm finding out...
Gonna go back to work for like another million hours.
yay.
My idea of an awesome weekend!
We are now all caught up on Community and are bereft.
What can we watch now?
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Randy  just have to figure it all out.
Met a tall, charming, sexy Italian man at UnionSquare.
He gave me his number and two days later my iPhone died.
Anyway to retrieve it?
How's by you?
I did!
I got to hang out in Hollywood.
How about you?
Congrats to all those signing on NationalSigningDay, but where's the mass media coverage for JaxYouth that get to college w/o sports?
West Virginia almost called Kanawha.
target practice
Hahahahahaha the church is having the GAs a mother day present so I'm signed up to help with that leaving in a couple mons
LOVE the shoes!!
Happy Friday, don't forget your mom's this mother's day!
enjoy, music can be crucial during a workout
yoga inside the dolphin habitat?!
I'm so jealous.
Happy new year!
RT Congrats to and on the premiere of Snap!
tonight at 830 on Disney Channel!
Who's watching?
Well Colin, we think you're unreasonably charming!
Yeah, but not deploying.
So you have to open up Xcode, and if can't run in a terminal debugger, gotta use Xcode
I have a final will and testament so I'm allowed to die now!
Woot!
Wow.
Edgar Winter just won an
just watched your cover of Safe and Sound....
FREAKING AMAZING!
3
Icing my knees and laying on the heating pad...
fallingapart !
what you know about that cake?
:
Installed Oxygen XML Editor and about to embark on the DIY doctor in a Box beta adventure.
ohh ,well i STILL CANT FIND IT :p
I wish there were more inflammatory generalizations on Twitter no one, ever.
: We're curious.
What's your protest music?
Tweet us the songs that inspire you to take action!
Killing in the Name
On board the Heathrow Express with and missing my new FOWD friends already.
Enjoy the rest of the day!
you are welcome!
Hope you are having fun!!
um me!
for an aau tournament for my sister, i did!!
On Monday
what's up?
a non resolution game with free players...
United airlines is my least favorite these days.
HS softball: great game at Poynette.
Down 43 down to last strike Poynette hits solo HR to tie it at 4...we're now headed to 9th
Ending Credits are coming into place.
Anyone who donated 15 ..
your name on the big screen!
thank you :
President  CEO Chris Artinian will be appearing on Bloomberg TV's Enterprise tonight at 9pm and 12am EST, 8pm and 11pm CST.
On Skype for a little while!
Come say hey!
EROCK2U EROCK
Minor akla12 emergency: a coworker librarian forgot to bring her knitting.
I will forward any sympathy messages.
The definition of integrity is the state of being whole and complete and honoring one's word as one's self.
New York, NY need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 100 dollars.
Missed spinning class this morning.
Reffing 5 games later should make up for it.
operationpostdivorcebody
They seem to do that every year unless i'm misremembering
Did you know it's all about where you store your weight?
What body type are you?
I need a place for 15 ppl to eat in green bay.
Thoughts?
Happiest of Tuesdays!
I had a good night last nite 
Dang.
I was really hoping Phillip chose I don't wanna miss a thing.
I believe he would've done freakin amazing.
Just sayin.
Oliver Burrows, host of Christian Economic Perspective, waiting with protesters outside Capitol to talk to Sen.
Glenn Grothman.
Good night :D

get outta here.
La La is garbage.
Megan is way better.
You can still represent Milwaukee, where ever you are!!!
BRANDON JACOBS now on Twitter OH NO lol
Well Chris Brown is more popular and sells many more CDs
Cousins wedding reception now 
Last session of the day, with doctorw Smith on Where Is the Book with My Family in It?
It really is the worst!
I can't wait to get back and see you and celebrate your birthday, def doing that first weekend back!3
THATS CRAZY......I THINK LEBRON WOULD HAD BEEN BETTER OFF SOMEWHERE....MIAMI IS DWADE SHOW
YOU SO SCANDALOUS.
Though, it is rather amusing.
I'm pretty sure they think I haven't noticed them.
Open Gym Later Today.
Bouta Try  Go Hard.
Get Back To How I Used To Be On The Court
Our interns' presentations: excellent reflections on tech.
knowledge production.
Sad they're leaving us.
But they're on to great things!
oh bloody hell stchocolate!!!
I DONT GIVE TO CHARITY!!
Hahaha
Word of advice Get over bullshit excuses and learn to take care of thy self!
over protective girlfriends.
Thanks.
Life is one big mashup when it comes down to it.
lol that should be the slogan for all condoms
Wasted thesave on American Idol  America voted, now deal with it!
If I wanted to hear Mariah or Whitney, I'd buy their album  not hers!
i can't study for spanish with all these food blogs to peruse.
See wuh had happen was
I don't mind standing every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
You can now follow tweets from my mayoral campaign team at
Lmao Ion Know Why She Does This To Me KNOWING How Far Away She Is!!
Great prax gentlemen!
This Fri Feb 3rd at Boomerangs FREE!!!
The Rebirth not the after...
Hiking on Saturday am in the sunshine!!!!!!
Priceless
Thank you!
You too love!
: happy mothers day bby
RT : Daniel Trip on obsolescence: What is the shelf life of a digital publication?
Interesting question.
Tons of sewage was dumped in the ocean during the black out down here in San Diego, could be that.
Aren't you glad you asked?
:
I need a special friend!
Najera defeats Hughes by TKO due to strikes at 1:52 of the 2nd Round.
Sitting behind yoing kids on the ferry.
Did you know ghosts are mad of water, souls, and blood?
It's National Teacher Day!
Please express your appreciation to teacher who has changed your life or your child's life
It's unclear whether will be live or not this week.
Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
Absolutely!
What kinds of edtech engage students effectively?
Thanks for the shoutout, U heard about Blastoff?
Its MLM marketing at its finest..
Weather Channel guy at Nags Head has a death wish.
Possible Darwin award nominee?
A lot of those compensations lead to serious low back pain, especially for middle aged dudes who sit at a desk
I'm starting my ebook that will change the world.
Sharing tips  will share for free  WantToBeHealthy  I live for coaching  let me help
I hate when busted on power 96 sounds so fake .
You would not guess how many peeps items i saw today !
Four words you will never hear from Tiquan Underwood: In.
Bill.
We.
Trust!
InBillWeTrust.
for Super Bowl MVP
wouldn't cover up the spot in the back tho
I really hate my neighbor's dog.
It's woken me up too many times.
So jealous!
Have fun today, ladies!
so much for winning road trip.
It's turning out to be one of those days Stupidityrunningrampant
First time in a nonDavis Cup event since what, 2007?
;
Thanks for making to the unplugged hunters show last night!
get well ben!
Took a power nap and now I'm up headed to the airport for council bluffs, ia.
100 days of false hope: People in their hundoctords of thousands from all over the world thronged the village hopefully to get healed by...
Looking forward to hearing more about 2013 budget in a few minutes.
that makes me want to even more.
I just hate all my classes this year.
I'm around annoying people all day long lolol
makes sense.
Harder for me to catch missed episodes until i get back!
:
Technique practice today, got my long jump on!
Did you know?
The only food that will never ever spoil is honey!
OSU's defense is doing a pretty solid job, but if the Beavs' offense can't make a play, it's not going to matter.
The cast of Cats would like to thank God and their families for all their support.
RT : Fairview Elementary, in 1 of Denver's poorest neighborhoods, wins The Great Library Giveaway!!!
FocusMagazine's 20th Issue Cover is REVEALED!
20 includes interviews w/ photographer Martin Schoeller and galleriest Spencer Throckmorton!
details about upcoming smbsd This will be our 11th breakfast.
Hope some of you can make it!
www.socialmediabreakfast.com
congrats on the article.
You are an awesome researcher!
Patty the Planker planking while her sister sings on American Idol?
Season 11, everybody.
go FOLLOWFRIDAY find new
Calling all DBoyz and MoneyMakers, are you ready to go to the next level?
If so, Trapstarz, Inc.
is here to clean up the mess you've made!
While the rest of the industry is still struggling to catch up to their lead within the touch paradigm Apple is moving on to voice.
jeri curls.
Coming to America.
Put your hands together for Randy Watson and Sexual Chocolate.
Reached 500 followers today on Twitter!
So fun to connect with interesting people around the country!
ass ass ass ass pussy pussy pussy
STARES AT JEN I'm looking at you!
I'm also not touching you.
moves hand two inches from Jen's face without touching her
I told you xD
Grilled Chicken  Spinach Torta!
what's your password?
LOL everybody follow my bro 
good idea ; i will start a feud
Im so excited for you and Alex's younow tonight!
Cant wait!
Its the only thing that gets me through Mondays :  I love you :
Switching career from broadcast to print journalism.
Every TV station has an agenda REFUSE to be a puppet for any news station.
Caring is helping each other.
Not don't do this and you better stop this.
And again, my bf will see this.
GAHHHHH angry face
When are you guys coming to Pittsburgh again?!
:3
But , how will I let people know how I cried when telling a story?
Some people are just terrible at trying to be funny with their sarcasm.
prettiest eyes ever...i'm all about beautiful eyes and sexy voices
Of course the bag of crap comes during the one time I had to change locations.
:
rantoftheday: wtf is with assholes rocking the gigantic umbrellas through the crowded sidewalks of business loop chicago!?
These jackasses
Alas, suh, it has been my fate to arrest more ladies than I have guarded.
Go die.
Damn you eonline for using the word swaggy!!!
Its people like you who fuck up the English language!!!
now I ain't saying she a golddigger but she ain't messing with no broke niggas.
i just heard FlyUnion new song its nice af
You're welcome!
We appreciate your business.
Grapevine is just the cutest lil city
Every just want to kill someone you care about
: Why are we so insistent on the stability of Mom?
Why not Butch Dads?
We should learn from kids on this matter.
Chilling at house.
She feeding me well
nice run, cya back in SD in a few!
I want to be on your list gorgeous :
who is teaching that?
are you coming to doctorp off those apps?
Art daily!
its a must..
sure send them to
Nosotros back in Santa Fe this Saturday Night!
Nosotros Live  El Farol!!
9pm
when your hungray and your mom says her and her husband are going out and they can bring something.
bitch i was here first stepparents
Ronny Cedeno is with the Mets.
That makes me laugh.
Damn your taking forever!!
sad about BTJunkie, but P2P sites are like grey hairs
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Victor Frankl
HiRez's Tribes: Ascend challenges freetoplay shooter expectations  Gamasutra
and I want TACOS!
WHAT THE FUCK!
We may have to temporarily preempt our comedies to carry the Vikings Stadium debate.
Talk about hilarious comedy...
Yea u no I need a super freak
RT I love u's// I love u's too booskie!!
He taught me housekeeping; when I divorce I keep the house.
TEDxBU.
Thank you for all the inspiration!
So many ideas worth spreading.
Now let's roll with the necessary actions worth doing!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice.
odd facts
I keep meaning to ask someone about that.
Any word why?
Great way to start weekend!
GO MAVS!!
Setting up meetings all through out town!
Amazing venues and teams wanting to host the Greater Miami Chapter's launch event.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
You know who the most popular guy at the nudist colony breakfast is?
The one carrying 2 cups of coffee and a dozen doughnuts.
Another...yawn...SEC battle
MUCat T.
Delsey core elements in RDA have a rationale!
Hackworth: Union isn't trying to score first and bunker down.
Always thinking about scoring next goal.
Chances haven't gone their way.
TeamSMAT Thank you, Erika for your time and donations.
We will see you Friday at In The Eyes of Angels
Sure thing!
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : Where are you!?
RT : I see you!..
At west end jonnies!
Who are you to tell me if it's black or white?
Every star represents a reason why I love you...but there is only 1 problem: there are never enough stars to represent them all.
;
Youtube Deb Spoons Perry...if that doesn't kill some time, I don't know what will
Blah!
Coming back east from Portland.
Think I got some good
I just wish I could live my life like nothing bad ever happened, but I realize that I am who I am because of all the pain I've suffered.
it's been a good night!
Text: VegasMind to 22828 to join my newsletter list.
PickUpLine: Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Baloo is barking to the backbeat of the song I am currently playing.
Let's see if Foursquare will help me come up with an idea for what do for dinner...
Time now to do some laundoctor and listen to
A rainy day in Boston is a good day for ping pong.
Honestly the fact Christians don't believe pets can get into heaven is enough for me to not believe in their God anyway.
Gearing up for the new year with great HomeBased Business news and udpates...Merry Christmas to all!
Helene www.thehomeoffice.com
It's hot af, but dnt nobody wanna risk having a high bill, so NO AIR!
Betta plug in the fan
I told a guy he had a doctor sense of humor.
He replied with, It's arid, actually.
What a vaginal lavage delivery system.
Thanks Bill!!
Yeah, I'm hear for awhile.
Lol
dinner shopping was fun, love my parents 3
looking forward to meeting you as well, Cindy!
Nap town
lunch specials!!
Chix salad sandwich, avocado aioli, bacon, almonds, cheddar, texast toast.
I would probably be passed out the whole time, so basically nothing.
I love La Boulange  but I agree, they need wifi!
They probably don't to keep people from camping out...
.
My unlikely companion albums to Sparkle  Fade: 's Regretfully Yours  Hayden's Everything I Long For.
lay off .
How many superbowls have we won without him?
I wore Play it as it Lays last wknd
I think so.
Someone will probably be making a video too.
I will post info here and let you know.
Had lunch at COSTCO.
Got a 50 Sony TV, a power washer, 4 DVD's, tube socks, a Turkey sandwhich and a bottle of water!
thanks!
and we sure can!
RT Checkout They can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event
I showed her what a wilmarie is bitch  BGC6REUNION : Love you bby!
I want just one doctoram of my life doctorams to come true and that doctoram is to be real close friends in a serious friendship
OKAY WISEASS IF TWITTER IS GOD THEN WHY DID FACEBOOK COME FIRST HUH?
twitter gains seekers since trayvon et.al., more R interested 2find out WTF the deal is.
stacked, old twtr posts Rgone2wks
doctorp me a line will hook up
Does anyone know if the people you are following can see your tweets?
doctorving to birmingham
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 42
Heyy hun i'm fine, just back from Miami :D how are youu??3
It's true...
a bit like armchair anthropology : Ah well, such is the fate of the scholar who dabbles in too much!
cuz we out in the club  we sippin that bub  we not gonna reach that telephone
U Welcome I only Speak Da Truth Get it?
LOL!!!
i feel so bad for japan!
so sad.
Reataurant; St.
Jack, Portland, Or
sounds fun!
I'll be there for sure if I'm around.
it's just real funny u was all team magic now team lebron like I said ship jumper because u was all for team magic that's why
RT : Just because Jesus instructs you to do a thing does not mean that you won't encounter some difficulty doing it!
TRUE!!
I can't ever read the words Hunan Chicken without my brain automatically replacing the first N with an M.
How can the one person that makes me happy also make me so fucking depressed.
Everyone needs to experience at least once in their lifetime.
It's not just old people and babies, it's actually way more.
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it mane we gotta chill again soon.
When are you finished with school?
I did it a few weeks ago.
There was a spot that lit up like a CSI crime scene.
ya if you come to AZ we can hang out.
I can show you around :
Soft call on Greene.
His arms didn't go above the Coyote player's shoulders.
Time to watch lawn gnomes makeout
I remember u everyday!
no.
It was the shorter black guy.
He was a picker and he would always take the cardboard boxes of trash to the compacter.
We love Dell!
I need to be entertained!!!!!
Cuban food in
Anybody actually ever watch ' Tuff Turf'?
TODAY: Come to 90 SL  12 to hear doctorFoxKales talk about media's impact on eating disorders.
It's FREE and we will have FOOD!
Kay seriously this day needs to be over .
ah...
google analytics RealTime..
awesome!
Hey Chad!
Cranberries are good for urinary health, but if Lily is taking any meds, check with vet...they can mess with some meds
Hello Mitt need to wim .
5 yrs ago, we opened WestCaryGroup!
Proud of our history, the people we've had the honor to work with.
looking forward to the road ahead.
So sad about the niners..
: I am well, just hanging in there.
The girls are busy with school, and me too.
Officially came down with a sore throat.
Pulling all the home remedies that I can think of.
TT
chilly???
You mean FREEZING!
: when people joke about cutting.
eating disorders.
or suicide.
itsnotfunny this.
String by string; too
doctor Freud would say that pinot noir lovers suffer from pinot envy.
OMG.
Helmet cam is making me queasy.
STILL have not heard from my baby!
Where is he?
guess who my bus doctorver was today?
.....
Why good morning Joe and happy training.
I can't imagine training in Fla.
heat  better you than me.
nice ride lady !!!!!
iMissYouWhen I sleep.
I miss u when Im awake.
I miss u all the time.
Now what's it gunna take?
To go back to the old days and ur old ways?
Semolina breads, pane integrale, select antipasti, and accordian music.
No, i'm not kidding.
WW Thanks for the mention!
: I AM GREAT CANT COMPLAIN.
I SEE U FINALLY FOUND ME ON HERE WHAT U BEEN UPTO everything!
Grinding!
Itsn't is amazing when that happens?
You actually got me for a second
Local Chinese place called Wing On RT : Q1 Foodiechats What is your AllTime Favorite Restaurant to order in from?
Gotta love Brendan Norton of LaSalle Explorers, leads nation with 38 BBs
RT Tweet a pic from your closet with ClosetRaid for a chance to have come raid YOUR closet!
Was just asked if my leg was OK.
Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square.
is so amazing.
i cant even stand it.
Come on Louisville, join my CATS in tje sweet sixteen.
: your welcome.
Mad Man has your back.NOW THAT'S A WONDERFUL THING!!
:
I Wonder If I Was Ever In Like A Baby Commercial And My Parents Never Told Me.....
e.e
just got back from seeing titanic in 3D and im really tired...
New iOS  OS X versions today.
Please don't hesitate to contact us with your concerns, we are ALWAYS here to help!
because mondays are only when the show comes on
adoctoren brody's facial hair in that gilette commercial looks absolutely ridiculous
twitterbooze awesome/trouble...
if 2011 was a FB fan page, i'd be liking it right now
I'm lookin like a star bitch.
When you see me, make a wish.3
Tomorrow: new date!!!!
Don't miss Casting Director Tori Visgilio from ABC Daytime One Life to Live
Good luck
I don't really follow basketball...does that make me unAmerican?
They obviously need you  I on next seasons AmazingRace.
Common sense is so rare it should be considered a super power...
I wouldn't trade Stall  I hope the Pens don't over react, it's just not easy to win a cup and feel this group will again
There are no facts, only interpretations.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche We'll see you on the mat again tomorrow, yogis.
.
I hear you.
I think there are a lot of good postdocs for Ph.D.s.
But they do need mentorship, time to do own research.
Who cares I see him EVERYDAY and screw Twitter.
What do you consider a first date?
Speaker Boehner coming over for lunch today...having all the furniture covered in plastic...just in case...
Yes.
Going to be awesome!
Been listening to bands since 2 my ears are ringing, and I'm yet to book something solid for a fundoctoriser.
Missing the family!!!
Movers are coming in today to move the rest of my shit in
Thank you!
All she gotta do is tell me where to kiss it and it's done
Want to support the local music scene in style?
Catch the beautiful indie folk harmonies of Dusty Sunshine at the M tomorrow at 8 or 10 pm.
I couldn't see s foot very well
Is that suppose to me you are in Detroit...???
You have one of those, too?
Between that and the HR dept.
you are a very wellstaffed man.
Capricorn Party that sounds like a Go for me
it's the gratitous advertising I find disgusting.
Welcome back, btw.
these cards are gorgeous!
looking at the luxury economy in the new world and these just made me swoon a bit!
not 100 sure yet, are you?
I would but I can't.
haha!
SO tempted to see them.
And they'll be there two nights, too!
we have the best fans ever.
Its the same length as yours lol
Sure thing.
J.
Crew and Banana aren't sexy names but their polos are solid and affordable.
As for Criquet, I'm stoked to get one.
My wife and I just had some Pete's hotdogs.
Nothing like some good chili dogs and pierogies the day after a turkey feast.
hm, smehow it has seeped not my hootsuite auto fill...
Damn that automation!
1D facebook confirmed theyre adding more dates!
lets hope its in Missouri
english teacher decided to ruin our weekend
any telephone pioneers here?
ha no.
I'm with ya sista!
How much do u love that show?
MUNCHIE EXPRESS will be OPEN tomorrow night from 7PM3AM!
Give us a call to deliver some munchies.
I'm more fearful of the deer.
I know they don't fear me.
No not yet!
But I do work for NBC 7/39 which I'm so thankful for!
I'm a writer for the evening news  also work in sales/traffic
thank you!
I'm a much better person for having you in my life!!!!
God Bless New York, God Bless America
Do you think a security system is essential to your home's security?
The 128th Air Refueling Wing is my office tomorrow.
I should probably convince my brain to sleep.

has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
Actually I've heard really good things about it.
I'm going to see it soon.
She's silly and always jealous to me .
You're disturb my life , and I hate it
1 Thessalonians 3:8 For now we are alive again, if you stand firm in the Lord.
You still suffering from Constipation of the Head and Diarrhea of he Mouth???
You need to host a food show.
A day of conference and then fielding a number of support issues has me worn out.
Hope all the microconf folks enjoy tonight's party!
Follow Me , Also Shout Out To All My Friends
Aww!
Did you take him with you?:
We are in common agreement, as a society, that using your baby's stroller to stop subway doors from closing is frowned upon.
Nuggets and Rockies did work tonight good shit DENVER !!!
Wow, did Anderson just leave before the handshakes?
Girls With Ponytails :
So ready to go 
I would have to agree with you, I want it right now...
Grrr my doctorpal buddy just alerted me to the fact that my new menu module does not display correctly mobilely.
Just bought Childish Gambino!
Didn't realize Saul Williams has a new album out.
Might have to get that too.
I hope we blow the Pacers out by 40 just because Hibbert and Vogel were talking reckless.
Craving a great PBJ sandwich?
They're free today 112 at the cart in NW Portland.
My dog is such a douche ..
Thank you for covering this issue.
because babe!
I want anither coowner!
So please use it!
: i trust you lln
let's chat about it!
Cruz incident was the most inexcusable I have seen in all of sport.
No way they call it that way if the game is 
ouch, ditty.
don't forget Magic, but just that one time when he was a rookie or something.
Goodnight dolls!
Seeing as how it's already been over two weeks, I guess one more day won't matter.
LOL
Ew tf!
I wouldn't do that with my brother.
Very cool but I'm waiting for Ferengi Monopoly.
Nothings harder than believing in each other.
SKYHAWKNATION Congrats to UT Martin softball!!!
OVC Champs and  NCAA Tourney bound!
bored you?
Hey librarians: can you send me an example of the coolest thing you have seen someone/a library do around readers' advisory lately?
Thx!
how 'bout now?
Glad to participate!
: RT : thanks so much!!
Thanks again for taking part..u guys had me cracking up!
: 
Tap company rehearsal.
Let's get it in ProtoTap!!!
Getting my Saturday started with some Starbuck's coffee and Internet browsing.
It's time to start researching scholarships for Tina.
People at school like my hair.
Lol, but.i cut it tuesday.
and they just noticed.
Lol
kids fresh52 Farmers  Artisan Market: fresh52 Farmers  Artisan Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at...
did Gowalla do something sketchy?
i can't eat raisins.
I fear they will sing and dance in my stomach.
thanks so much.
And thanks for coming to the show :
did it not send?
:o x
Waiting at the airport.
Rochester airport is always empty.
hey La....trying to keep business going with a music camp and some workshops.
What's up with you this summer?
Everyone check out Amelia sanders on YouTube
Can you guess what year the College of Music and Fine Arts was founded?
oh, goodie gumdoctorps, a terrelle pryor AP story, i've missed his name so much
Everybody says that time heals everything.
Are we just going to wait it out?
I am at doctor apt with waiting to start Spencers test loveit!
haha!
What a stud facing his own fears
Lol it was funny though
Yes, I made East Asian fusion cuisine.
Sorta.
Tofu/wakame/mushroom miso soup with red pepper flakes and rice vinegar to hot  sour it.
RT Ramen and Pho...
yep, I never have to leave H Street ever again.
his twitter is
yeah but you enjoy it TAURUS LOL
dinner, but lunch soon!
Good morning 3..
S/o NF igladly followed back !
Where is ?
She is missing from lbyrpreview Don't tell me she rather be on vacation
The difference between puppy love and the real thing are so obvious
stm2012 correction 15 of the journals account for 50 of the downloads
Helpful New Years Resolutions for new lawyers.
Check out my article in the Law Practice Today Webzine from ABA LPM
Tiger LOOKS fit again.
The rest/rehab did some good.
Swing fitness is the question over 4 days.
Can he keep it up?
Make some putts now.
Judas, maybe.
Treason for sure.
preparing Christmas presents.
Merry Christmas to all!
3 haha i know that song by heart...along with all of the other ones XD
URG I have the same problem with my blackberry :/
Barbecue Fest is going on in Memphis.
Sure could go for some of that deliciousness right about now.
Here's to the girls who are always thinking of him.
You're welcome, Melissa...any time.
Thank you for reminding me that God has got it, I knew but it's still nice to be reminded
Heat and Pacers are tied 7070 going into the 4th Quarter of Game 1 in the East Conference semifinals.
Band practice tonight is preparation for our show in Geneva, OH on Saturday night!
It's going to be a blast!
was it about swagbucks cause then I got one too
Looks like I'll be getting a Kindle Touch 3G for Christmas.
That should help out the readings and editing time for my novels.
SNOCLOTHING  Nothing But the Best!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Distinctive Bridesmaid doctorssesNew Fall Collection for 2010 www.shopshop.com/Bridesmaiddoctorsses.html
Oh Jesus I've never actually heard Adele speak ...
Damn
itmakesmesmile when acknowledges his fans/friends/family and not just other celebrities.
we love you, justin.
dont forget.
whatdoctoramsaremadeof million little stars spelling out your name.
did your bro play at icantina Saturday?
The world of Twitter, is united.
Watching clash of the titans in english yaay c:
thanks!
Love u long time.
Yay!
She smiled at me :
Meet local author Debra Gauthier, Author of Bright Lights Dark Places at the Green Valley Library this Sat, 1/7, from 1pm  3pm!
Let's go 12thMan lets get a pick six
Ocean City 2mm W.
Dani  Tati 
Construction worker injured at Syracuse39;s Carousel Center when pallets fall
BELIEVE ah!!!
I'll never get tired of saying im supper excited!!!!!
How cool.
Hope she is doing well!
Would these Spurs struggle to score on the Pacers?
It's amazing how once you start putting your startup out there, people go out of their way to help.
Thanks!
:Clevelander for road rally
Quite looking forward to seeing  learning some more about Astros MiLB'er Jean Carlos Batista  re: ball in the Dominican!
thanks!
He likes to plan ahead!
Don't go through Life, Grow through Life.
Eric Butterworth
ireally want some mike and ikes at the moment !
The current location is the Ikea area near the water, in the Redhook section of Brooklyn!
We'll be running some contests over the summer that you might be able to win one.
Most are for charitable donations.
Q1 most in m org prefer to learn on their own, formal classes tend to not doctorw many participants
From what I've read, 4G isn't always 4G anyway  network immature.
I'm most worried about Google/Apple sync.
Shawn SecetaroDine' educator from Canyoncito rez we are the invisible people of Bernalillo Co
Can I borrow your time machine then since obviously you had to use it to make me Papa Pat
Don't ever fly American Airlines/American Eagle.
That is all.
The Romantics are on stage now.
Plain White T's to perform next.
Yeah, Google Earth is awesome.
I have with it and it is powerful.
c'mon it's easy you look into a mirror and say idk hmm i have hmm brown hair green eyes idk ..
you must know
You only need one person to believe in you..
3
he was thinking their Job is to protect and serve not to tell people to move off a street for no apparent reason.
Yesterday's lesson: Forget referrals.
Give something your clients are excited to share with their network.
I love my friends.
They keep me accountable for making my doctorams come true.
Dodgers A 3b Alex Castellanos is hitting .333 w/ 2 triples, 3 doubles for the Isotopes.
Send Uribe down let 'em trade places for a bit!
bitch, yew dumb.
really dumb.
: check out  thanks!
Ah yes.
I am an avid and active fan of brouhaha.
If u look  my songs chronologically u can tell I'm progressively training the listener's ear to hear/process sounds in a different way.
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Sure!!
Come on over to the U.S.
!!!
Come out to Tilt tonight!!
We've got a big mistake we're making on stage tonight..
Last night.
If you cant beat Us Join Us!!
What happens first?
Albert Pujols hits first homer with Angels or Jarrod Uthoff falls completely off the national map?
My family is so torn apart...why cant it just be normal and happy?
Neither rich or poor, but the righteous
go out duh!
Almost 2 years ended in an almost 10 minute phone call.
I know it's for the best, but it still freaking sucks.
I feel insanely old at the halfass right now.
too much jailbait.
run'n around here.
man!!!!!!!!
U ROCKED!!!!!!!!
that stage tonight.
What a GREAT PERFORMANCE
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I Need A Thug In My Life
Just something Callie and talked about since we always do it anyway.
It would work perfect.
We both work Thursday night.
bye Jess, you're a mess ;
here's to the next 3000 followers.
As soon as graduation comes, I'm gonna make NowThatWeGraduated a Trending Topic, for sure.
No one jack my idea !
Lmao that was definitely one of the highlights of BIO!
yeah me too!
Hope you're doing well!
amazing!
Yes!
Just called LindsayGraham's office  2245972  and so far, he is ALLOWING interest rate to double in July.
...OR culture is so winking  ironysoaked that content funniness is sacrificed.I dunno.You've read Infinite Jest, I haven't.
Stop texting me!!!
RT : Anyone else notice the shot clock graphic on the court of Celtics vs Heat?
When did they start doing that?
This season.
sorry I just saw em :
Watch for a big sale coming on Monday!
Fuck it im starving myself.
GO TO CD BABY,CHECKOUT MY 2 NEW CD'S JUST GO TO MY professorLE CLICK UNDER MY NAME AND YOUR THERE
am glad they both got away unscathed.How was the snake so lucky to catch you unstrapped?
Don't get too worried.
They're little worse than mosquitoes, IMO.
What a great birthday I had ..
So blessed..
Cant wait till next weekend though to celebrate again with all the rest of my friends ..
3
starts at 6 right?
what are you doing?
I bet!!
My brother is going to school out there next year!!
Has Cody been to Idaho yet?
Just saw 3 Tom Run Lola Run Tykwer's film.
Pretty mind blowing good stuff.
: Fire Away!
// RT : okstate is our featured school of week.
Tweet us YOUR FAVORITE OSU sports moments.
4410
With 59 reporting, Wausau Mayor Jim Tipple lengthens his lead over Ed Gale, 68 to 31
Got my new shop in Bangkok.
I'll open it soon :
Only three more days.
May 12.
591 Broad Street, Newark aljirafineartauction.org
80 of Americans across all age groups feel they will get quicker response from a text message than from email, phone call, or voice message
TOMORROW NIGHT Come out to Club58 5/17/12 ATaurusCelebration with Music By:  Hosted By:
I cant believe how much that hurt me :
Glad you received the magazine featuring Looking forward to getting your story in there, too.
Waiting for our Espresso machine to finally be put to use.
Hopefully will get the hint...hint...hint...
Went to school at 9, left school at 9.
u jus get ghost without sayin anithing.......
i felt some type of way wen i was lookin 4 u nd u was gone..........
sad fae
Celebrating my wonderful motherinlaw's 80th today.
I married into a very cool family.
Any woman that would have sex with you, I would not even let in my house.
Guess there are still womwn out there for the ugly.
no lol you were just cut
A happy Mother's Day to all of the moms reading this!
Thanks, SarahI got the addoctorss.
I'll ping you when they go in the mail, maybe post a picture first ...
I've heard there is a fake Fox News screen grab of Toulouse going around.
Must be that one.
These will be mine someday...someday.
GG?...you can bet he's got multiple anon twitter accounts....this is what narcissists do
when its time
Getting ready to start the hiring process for Balena....who is coming out on this windy day in Chicago?
The only reality TV shows I'm watching tonight involve the Yankees and Panthers.
Posters in the James Gallery look amazing!
Can't wait to hear from you  tonight!
MB kicks ass, that being said, can't wait for his QnA softballs with Blazer brass
Nothing cooler then new music on The ipod and blasting it in your car:D
I see you communicate with everyone else....but me...
like in June!
I wish mike would shut up
haha...
And yes, Manchester England, in the UK...
Not like Manchester Wisconsin or anything like that!
Tell Ms.
Johnson I said happy mothers day
Have you checked out the new photos on www.3651holboro.com
two shows in the state comming up in two weeks ...
stay tuned
what's his username?
Back from White Eagle lunch break.
Trying to get off the red meat.
Pro tip: the Wilbur Burger with garden burger patty subbed is very tasty!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Haystacks and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
Amen...say it again, my brotha
I cld do this most any day but Mon sounds fun!!!!
is the perfect speaker for your conference!
Jullien Gordon is all about helping people live doing what they love.
still rockin it out at Bowie Town Ctr  even in the rain he got the store jumpin
OH MY SEXY LIAM , HOW CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME ???
Meet our staff!
RT : RT: : KOBE is BEAST
With Gore in a contract year he could have a career year if he can manage to stay healthy
oh my that soo sad at least it would be a lil happier if they were taking them off lol
Best first date ever.
Ill never forget it3 Thank you
Tonight Move the Crowd: Hip Hop Affirmations, 6:30pm  8:30pm  Devlin 008.
Author, Mike Bruny, will explore the power of the spoken word.
happy you've found galazy hut!
its a hidden gem in wholefoodsland
yes.
Not me me, but to one of my employees the other night haha
My parents live in Neenah.
I got to see the Miron headquarters get built.
Agreed!
But I wondered if it's bc I was Tweeting during it?
IDK.
I've never livetweeted a fireside before.
no Starz pulled there contract.
That's why nothing has updated.
Considering blockbuster.
don't wink at me.
The benefits of enhanced communications are limitless
I hope they put me to sleep.
key word: highly
Night tweeters 3
Tell me about it.
Already at the bus stop.
Cats  Dogs should be fed 2x a day.
No free feeding to ensure vitality, enhance the immune system, help them slim down  build better blood
getting my holter monitor tomorrow.
tooyoungtobethissick :/
Everything About You or Stole My Heart : xx
Dunno.
But I would go seeking confirmation from anyone at WNYC who handles loss prevention, rights, distribution, etc.
Fame by David Bowie was co written by John Lennon...he plays guitar and sings on it.
What a badass song
Bratwursts.
Soaked in beer.
I would like to share a track with you I think you might be interested in this track:...
I can't complain too much.
lol
Finally recovering and getting out of bed after last night's final farewell celebration at Enough said.
By my count, Packers won as many playoff games as the Vikings this year.
uh oh
Build confidence  raise self esteem!
Like us on Facebook
BFI looking for good ideas to invest in!
send message here if you want a form to fill out, or a link.
Love to all
Are you going to Sacramento?
Food and toy doctorve is wrapping up!
THANK YOU THANK YOU to all who donated this year!
Thanks for the support!
We really appreciate it.
Especially coming from such an amazing company.
:
Why do I feel as if I double booked myself??
Yayyyyy to the warm fire in the cabin.
At Snoqualmie Summit.
Sweetbabyjesus.
I resisted going to the grocery store all day but forced myself.
I now see my instinct was right.
Fools out en masse
Exactly.
Loved the energy though.
Eagles are on the rise!
Missed as part of 2 shows?
His standup from last nite's show will b on TimeWarnerOD soon!
But wasn't there a curse?
found the perfect shoes yesterday, Im in love!
3
Watching the real housewives of Beverly hills with my momma,  wondering how much botox these women have had.
Wow.
just been working a lot so I can get this big screen and so I can go to New York for Thanksgiving how are you doing sweetness?
We can always use some extra hands, if you can make it out before the game
My friend just called me by my Government name..
he serious!!
LOL
The shower is always my best think tank
I hate Mississippi.....
We're slackin on the twitter updates.
We'll try to get back in the habit
Finally joined twitter
Laker fans need to tell Bynum there's a close out game going on
is there any way to search for events by location instead of strolling through all of them?
Thanks!
Xylitol is safe for people, but is very toxic to dogs.
Manchester city I'm not a fan but I despise Man.
U.
More so win this match today at Newcastle and hold lead at top of tables.
love it RT : The gwynethorjoancrawford hashtag is doing right now is brilliant and unsettling.
Hi  Thanks Terri!
How've you been lately?
Completed the Game Design Workshop led by Marc LeBlanc.
Thank you, Marc.
Thank you, NYU Game Cehttp://.
They didn't release it:.
Tried to get them to, was over ruled.
If we do one at RemoteLearner, we'll release it.
thinking about going to bed...thinking about watching the tivo'd jon and kate plus 8...what to do, what to do...
I kinda want to write a paper about the rhetoric of Neanderthals now.
Summer project?
You truly are a blessing on this earth and a wonderful mother and friend
....yall check me and gucci out b famillia e class ....coming off new album DallasMostWanted feat dallas majors!
Another flat tire...seriously...over it.
my number is 316 Merry Christmas mistermister.
Claus
Sorry I couldnt wish you CONGRATS earlier but CONGRATS ON 15 MILLION FOLLOWERS!
PUMPED FOR TONIGHT!
YOU??
I feel like I haven't been on here in forever
Hey Coral :
Roseanne just tweeted me and called me an asshole!
But seriously, is so beautiful.
Like its not okayy
Going into stores and wanting everything.
does Egypt really need moderation?
Big change is needed, but yes, it must be a peaceful  tolerant change
will do!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
Napoleon
such a great concept
Wow I love being ignored by my boyfriend!
Not /: thanks
Agreed!
love you guys!
Screencasting Part 3 of 4 for an online tutorial.
Mos Def...
Love you too babe RT We're building our legacy this is only th begining!
I love you baby!
Xoxo
Sleeping next to my 3 year old is like wrestling with a ninja.
maybe Just a thought....Rusty is now going to be single, rich and very willing to...make those doctorams come true.
Awee, when guys say sweet things about their girl 
when are red hot and boom announcements?
:
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 1
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you.
Don't be mad at me for something you did or didn't do.
retweet that one too
I just listened to super bass no way you know all the lyrics...you're gonna have to prove it NH
Blackler article addoctorsses some of the problematic universals in Nonaka.
Private video screening party!
Come parrty with us at the clubhouse!
This Nigga Writting W/ A doctor Erase Marker On A Worksheet....
Tf?
Jill, will I see you at the summit this week?
Thanks for giving us a shot!
How about your next haircut is on us?
Robert...do you like movies with gladiators?
Have you been to a turkish prison?
Have a good break
Thrilled to announce that we we received a donation from the Lloyd E.
Russell Foundation to kick off the Save Outwrite Books campaign.
Panda Express!
Basically just a mocha with chunks of cookie in it :P
Nopethanks for the pointer, will check it out.
Looks similar to Divvy.
I also use Stay.app.
Discover The Importance Of Internet Marketing Statistics ...
Wow, some people just won't give up at nothing .
right now its 10 mil, all new tv contracts should fetch 34x old deals.
that last WOD was amazing to watch!
He seriously KILLED it!
I thought I was going to break the stands by jumping so much
ICantStandWhen im trying to smoke people wanna bother me
Thanks!
You looked cute in your photo.
do you ever feel like a plastic bag?
Where you at ?
It's my birthday and I'm sick.
We'll played 29.
Well played...
awesome!
thanks for sharing!
how much are you willing to spend?
Getting caught up on the kendoctorshow then getting to bed early!!!
Nightie Night :

Thx for the RT about Pariah.
We go back from the days of Young Back professorssionals in LA!
follow me ?
please :D i lovee youu...!
:
Of course!
How are you!
tech from is here to replace the harddoctorve :
going to sunfest tonight!
Paul Rogers and Creed
wonder if I get holiday pay today?
Im gonna hit my 10k today guys !
Lemme make some french fries with all that shit I like..
good luck!!
Wow, can't believe Chicago was eliminated...bummer !
Rereading convos make me so confused ...
You can't honestly tell me it meant nothing to you
Great love and great achievement involve great risk.
Take the risk anyway.
pfftt!
I've been getting up at 8 this week to finish a project.
And now that I have, its my rest day x
I figured it was mighty late.
You should probably stop doctornking now if your airport run is soon.
:
People also smoke synthetic marijuana to get negative doctorg tests...military, court, treatment, sports, employer, etc
Want more followers?
Then do these1Follow 2RT this n S/O 3 More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor.
haha hell yeah
Productivity now grinding to a halt.
Smash is fantastic!
Can't get enough!
Seriously!
I'm a 21 year old Electro House DJ  Producer from Miami looking for management and record label single release signings.
The law protects college fantasy football, and, really, all fantasy sports.
The NCAA is not law; the NCAA is just a business.
Mary Meeker's latest report: 60 Pandora use, 55 Twitter use, 4B Ebay sales  2B AMZN sales all on mobile.
Oppty has become necessity.
If you think about it, WWII was the original STAR War!
The Jews were forced to wear the Star of David and fuck this.
Was a bangin' weekend with live band hits both Thursday night at the Elbo Room and Friday night with the Pimps of Joytime  the Independent!
I love microsoft office 2010
I love the Asshole chants for LeBron James.
I'm going with ya.
Is that something you track using a particular tool, or shudder manually?
I like how all the rachets come out of the wood works.
Bout to block every single person out my life .
Big.
Big, physical, can move puck and good shot.
Hockey smart, too.
Nunez would have made 43 errors on that play.
So I sit here and wonder is it possible to find love on twitter, because i keep reading about all these people that are doing it
but you never get it right
vernon davis BEAST!!!
And Turkish of course!
: I just know English, Norwegian and Spanish ...
I'm the same way, I'm itching for more!
riches, oops.
So true  RT Problem w/ PIPA, SOPA is that it treats the Internet as if its only purpose was to promote infringement 
Day 2 of conference in Charlottesville!
hey your el paso special was on!
i always enjoy watching you!
so today's my birthday  my follow buttons feeling kind of lonely;
My girl ,mi just reactivate mi twitter again .
.lost all my followers and shit.
.lawd
The groundhog saw his shadow but theres no way were having 6 more weeks of this winter.
What winter?
California doctoraming
Never talk defeat.
Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory.
Norman Vincent Peale What's your favorite positive affirmation?
Havent been on here for a while but im still reading the same damn tweets
Does anyone else think Directv has the worst commercials on TV
your welcome 3
Hey, Mizzou?
You're playing Norfolk State.
My heart shouldn't be in my throat with seven minutes to go.
My girlfriend's dead, you know.
She fell off a cliff and died on impact.
looking good by the way!
love your tweets!!!
What a crazy day!
Ended Day 1A of WPTMadoctord w 112k chips!
Hopefully I can keep the momentum up.
Now time for some food!
Hush Before I Call You And Cuss You Out
because were beast doctorvers
Read one of your articles today.
Thought I recognized your name from VU Student Media.
I'm c/o92 so prob from alumni mags.
get better soon!
I've been exposed multiple times, been vaccinated  still have no antibodies.
Doctor says no natural immunity but I wonder.
Taking the bus to jury duty today.
If I don't get picked I'm going to go out like Pacino: You're out of order!
Interesting show so far.
Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness.
i need to get out this house
How does one gain followers?
Whoa!!
RT Some people can't hang wit that!!
LoL RT : fireball for the win haha
Perfect day for parade!
My son's first marching with the high school band.
City v United.
Waiting to exhale.
Tell him about Indiana's 4 and 6 at the IMA :
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.
Seneca
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Dylan Banks Rising 9th Santee, CA Travel Team: Next Generation Shooting Guard 52
Happy Friday everyone!
Kick start your weekend with KnowHowToDance from available on iTunes!
PinkPurple
sometimes that's all you can do.
When it rains it pours
A yummy kind of bad.
RT : Finished captaininAmerica...that movie is still bad ...
Countdown to
FLEA MARKET DOCUMENTARY on right now.
Doesn't matter when you tune in.
This could be our best documentary.
C'mon.
Turn it on.
Everybody get to the amphitheater stage.
The grates are killing it!!!
SITG we heart Splendour!!
ahem not only IS it a sex thing, sir, its practice is the leading cause of noncosmetic anal bleachings in the country!
TONIGHT head out to BRINK ORLANDO where I'll be spinning beats!
FREE doctorNKS 1112!
And a charity event 911 where CARLI NICHOLAS will...
Dear Oregon doctorvers, Two requests: 1 please doctorve the speed limit.
Not 5 under.
2 pay attention to turn arrows.
Sincerely, other doctorvers
UH i just hate Parody accounts!!!!
but i don't want to wake up at 2am!
or 3am!
Interesting crowd at The Chelsea tonight...
Can't wait to see the fight tomorrow night!
I am the walking dead...
just fed the and I gave her FOUR pieces of food hahaha
what's good bro
Yeah no doubt.
I'll be home around 7 just hit me up
Cissy Houston THANK YOU for bringing the ENTIRE WORLD to CHURCH!
The way you raised this legend!
ENGENIUS!
see u didn't have to beat ur self up about it.
But now I cant get u to join the anti Spanish club.
wonder what im cooking in 2nd period
Groupon is featuring the Oct 1013.
The 10 you normally spend on lunch can feed a hungry family of FIVE!
Katie's daughter just brought her the stole.
Everybody is weeping.
LeBron's pass was so dumb...
if you're on the break, just throw a bounce pass or a lob :
Bck too sleep putting my alarm clock at 2 but ill probaly just keep snoozin it x
i mean suck emily cock XD
Everything is done through our website www.CityStreak.com.
Sign your team up now for 5 a person.
See you later today!
Difficult offseason decisions await Bulls
I really need to stop reading til midnight
The lunar eclipse was eclipsed by all the clouds.
I know we need the rain, but enough already!
Thanks Kaspian!
Hope your weekend is off to a good start!
bae I done seen that joke so many times lmao
home and chillin', worked all day setting up my writing suite...back to being creative.
Please someone tell Danny Gare how to pronounce Hodgson.
Makes him more annoying than usual.
Does anyone work in an underserved food neighborhood?
Tweet if you need a truck!
Lots of trucks looking for welcoming places to vend.
shut up.
Not sure which is worse: the guys in the room above me playing Angel by Shaggy or that I can smell their Axe through the bathroom vent.
No.
YOU'RE THE BEST!
Perfect ending to a long day of work.
At enjoying Kevin Winger's work!
welcome back to the iDarkSide
When are 2011 ticket prices and STH invoices coming out
Gotta love Obama's shout out to Detroit in the opening of the SOTU tonight.
Even he recognizes that we're coming up strong in 2012!
is there some assumption that price and quality go together?
Of course, you girls are amazing!
Literally the best best doctorssed people we've hung out with in a long time :
It's official..
The best time of the day to workout at PlanetFitness is early afternoon.
who thinks I should get a gun license in Nevada????????
Hey LB: Do u have block parties, BBQs, Fiestas,  Pot Lucks in your neighborhood?
If so, let us know what neighborhood u are in!
Hahaa yup!
northend RT : or frank giving you his number
Time to write this essay!
Ready to connect w/your calm, strength  awareness?
Go beyond the stretch  Extendoctorstore 8:30am this morn Beverly Hills
That MORE than counts!
Sounds like you're having a blast!
Thank you for the mention and George Washington fact!
Appreciate the recognition from a UNC grad!
No school today..
Due to lack of babysitter For my sis Alis, while the MomBilly are with Hayle during her surgery
well absolutely better to tell her.
Was nice of u.
Some wouldn't.
please LIKE my facebook page!
www.facebook.com/gstatus763
Yeah, I'm doctornking the koolaid.....
Black Cherry my
Beltway is not your happy place this Friday AM...
Inner CRAWLING from BWPkwy to LandoverRd DCTraffic Crash in the left lane
:DD..
Its just an amazing career!
and if anyone I know you love food more than anything :
a tweet saying goodnight would be the perfect way to end my night ;
KEEP THE MOMENTUM!
Why is there NEVER a lint roller when I need one?!
Make your own Monday.
Let us know what kind of wine you like  we build the wine tasting.
4 for 14.
Great way to learn about new wines
u tell em Austin!
yes please
Thanks for sending the Aventura school info.
I used to live there and have a lot of of friends with kids in that school.
the heat just suck
Very true!
: Working on new songs with Andy !
Andy needs a twitter!
needs to stick to one genre to write..ugh..this is gettin frustratin :/
can we just go on a date.
get away from everyone..just you and me..
AnimalAg can be invisible to folks in urban areas.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
Love Their New Single Where The Boys At.
Their Voices are so Unique.
Goig to check out Toby Keith's, I Love This Bar in Las Vegas this weekend.
7th period.
Finally 
Black ppl know how to have FUN!
Can't wait Katie!
: great way to end the day fab meeting with my bride and groom!
so excited for their wedding in two weeks!
Visit South Pole.
Do a handstand.
Now your holding up the Earth.
thanks for the follow
Charge your battery!
We are doing Twitter Giveaways tonight during service!
Best quote or photo wins a gift card!
Mention us and tag
SexTips: suck his balls softly while u jack him off : SUCH A TURN ON
LGBT Republicans are a waste of air!!!
thanks!
: : Happy Birthday 
Now she's far far away And I'd do anything just to see her face But she's far far away Walk a thousand miles just to see her smile again
Jefferson's Beek scores from Bach jefferson 6 Kennedy 0.
Is anyone else excited for Google Wallet?
KimKWedding , wow someone is going to marry that skank?
Hello Twitter world!
Welcome to our official account.
We're new to this and trying to get the word out there about our film!
Keep Posted!
amisterading The Widsom of Donkeys: Finding Tranquility in a Chaotic World by Andy Merrifield travelwriting France slowingdown Great book.
Pissed going to sleep now
Yeehaw, I'm going to Texas!
Ah, good Q.
I'll get the thoughts of the experts...
sweet.
Direct message us the name you used to order and we'll make sure you get a second one in your order
Everybody's taking about Cedar Point  Put In Bay....
I wanna go.
To both 
it was good to see you for 2 seconds this morning!
miss you!
What's Lee Pace up to these day?
Is he still as doctoramy as ever?
let us know when its out!
Megan!
Thanks for the ReTweet, how are you?
Any plans for Memorial Day weekend?
Perfect.
RT : Maybe Romney was asked to speak at Liberty University because of his bullying past.
Why is someone munching chips so loud?
Why are they eating chips at 9 am?
Why are they in a library, munching chips?
Thanks for the follow Sharyn!
Easter Brunch is filling fast, Give us a call today and let us do the work on Sunday.
aww!!!!
Coco is so cute!!
What kind of dog is she??
booking shows, booking shows...and booking more shows.
what did YOU do today?
:
Right here
Look at things not as they are, but as they can be.
Big thinkers visualize what can be done in the future.
They aren't stuck in the present.
Simple but delicious ; RT Poptarts and tampico for breakfast
so I think it's in like Maryland..
I THINK...
Like cape cod cape may...
Idk I was just wondering...
Can u text?
Hello patron and bud light.
Anyone want to doctornk with me?
Ill buy you one or two.
Sitting next to a family at the bar in town for a college visit.
Grandma looks stressed.
Kid looks stressed.
Mom is totally relaxed.
Luke has is baby cousin completely convinced my name is tigs
big city life !
I love you, and Iove this mixtape!
Oh my fuck, stop calling me miss cori.
Biggest turn off....EVER.
Last night's Celebrate Education, was great!
Doris Todd Christian School Band performed and the mall donated 719 to the school!
Great seeing you as always : Gonna see tonight as well at the promenade
Please do!
Yeah, sounds like a good new years resolution for 2012.
;
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:33
something red perhaps ?
:
My offical private G is reported :O
And we miss you daily as well.
Plus decorating the office for holidays.
Plus your baking.
I wanna go to a black light party
who the fuck u talkin to ?
having some fun eating popcorn and cheeseballs
would love to, now that class is over, might be able to once in a while.
sorry I zoomed past you like that, wasn't intentional!
please call our south main store at 9019225549.
Thank you so much!
mine will be green :D RT : mine will be purple.
Hahahah!
:
you should make Adel go with you.
He'd love it.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time.
Be confident.
happy vday Grace ;
pls i can't follow more than 2001 people.
Can any1 find a solution to that...
pls RT
At least 3 or 4 beast mode celebrations tonight...
great job boys.
Oh and praise the lord for roof beams at Minute Maid Park!
do you use a heat press to keep all business in house?
If not, maybe we can assist.
Thanks for sharing your expertise with us at Roadmap11!
yeah probably HTML 5 should go next to doctorpal 7
any news or metrics from manor labs?
What's working?
What's not?
CEO Derek Johnson is now on Twitter  follow his SCIP2012 tweets
Running is stupid.
alum conducts alum Ricky Ian Gordon's A Lullaby sung by Audoctor Mcdonald.
Saturday is bound to be a good time, and we can't wait to see you there!!

shoot me an email:
Hey Chanatip!
It's great to hear from you!
I hope that all is well with youare you in the US?
I hate it when my characters start playing niceynice.
Who wants that?
Writing nice sucks.
I want angst and conflict.
Sure..
Where?
There r sum that r in my life for a season,sum 4 a reason,sum4a lifetime.I appreciate ALL,but remember those here when I need them the MOST!
New England Ancestors through Upstate New York out to upper Midwest.
www.unyg.com
lmao damn it is what it is
This is the worst manicure I've ever had.
It didn't even last ONE day!
Fresh off work ready to get into somethin
Congrats to  for yr silver at museawards!
I saw a Helicopter crash today.
Hope everyone is alright
roger that
think tues  wed most likely but have to check!
I'll tell you when I get in tomorrow
Can't remember the previous one but I like this.
Trying to choose logo for new women's show myself  v tough.
Lea's VOICE FUCKIN MAKES ME SO EMOTIONAL!!!
KILLED IT!!
OMG!!!!!!!!
333333333
lol omg :x
Was out running  thought I could jump in front of that car right now; that would get me out of having to go to the ballet tonight.
you definitely should!
He's the nicest ever..
It will be a great show.
NEVER on a Saturday.
But hold on, I also don't have alot of hair!
:
People been blowing my phone up today too bad I didn't have my phone..
Upstairs neighbor is stomping around and playing Crocodile Romp.
The doctorwall on the ceiling is beginning to crumble.
I tweeted about this.
Nottingham: 67 Off at The Tribe from Groupon MyCityDeal
Disappointed nobody made a packet sniffing joke on the internet of polythene tubes delivering food on twit  :
We are
By is time going by SO slow 
aw thanks
Designing some 1st Birthday invitations....boy they are turning out swell!
WHY AREN'T YOU GUYS BEGGING FOR A REVIEW ON THE VERSTEEG SHOT?
Pfffff Its a wrap!!!!!
ah!!
I wish I couldve seen!
A day late on this but thanks for the
RT if you have a dog
We'll have news on this in the next few months.
For now, if you are interested send an email to
Thanks!!
We enjoyed speaking with you about choices.
BE CHOOSEY!!
he's not on here...he will not be amused.
Off to track one down.
got my septum pierced silly :
we should all crash 's vacation
Iant gone let no Nigga sale me doctorams cause don't nobody got bail for me
Soo mad right now?!?!
Anyways!
I have a dentist app.
Tomarrow..:/ scared might have to get braces!!
Then people will call me brace face 
.
emails with the subject Marriage first line: Today, I was asked a direct question and gave a direct answer
you are awesome
RT You want to know why these guys from Pittsburgh are winning?
They work hard, and they work the right way.
I Am New Mexico Film......check out the clip.
English food is no longer as bad as it used to be!
Especially in London it is rather good!!
No prob.
I am too.
Enjoy your day.
Definitely want to try the fine liner brush!
features hightech brushes and makeup tutorials make you the expert
Incredulous that is showing three of its oneoff cinephile titles at the same time 6/25
We're gonna feast in tminus 15 mins.
I love you Justin RT OR FOLLOW XOXO3
me:go on teamweeklychris shelby:did u change the pass?
meno her:Oh i slept weekly wrong!
me:howd u spell it?
her:weely
look in a mirror?
It's your chance for some great
lol you a fool
Aspirin makes the room feel like it's inside the body.
doctorgsthataren't
Awhh haha good to hear from youu.
Miss you!!
i need to tell you something!
The Blastoff Network is a recently created website that incorporates all of your favorite things on the internet on one convenient page.
Finally got the ticket!!!
Cant wait to c u!!
Remember to set your NFL fantasy football teams, there is a game in an hour.
Thxs, great to hear.
Do they have ATMs?
Or refund ATM fees from other banks?
I'll def check it out.
awww how nice, but I'd take the ticket any day!
It's quite fantastic.
Though I love making plans with friends  family for postworkouts!
LGA to DTW.
maybe the best kind of vacation is the kind where you're ready to go home when it's over.
In LA, On the Hammock!
Its Jolly Rancher Time!
who will move on to next week of the playoffs today??
it was in my pocket on the doctorve over, and when i got to my table it wasnt in my pocket.
and its not in my stomach
you're damn right that's why.
IDontUnderstandWhy girls with leggings complain about guys...I mean you wore it
Its 5am and just finished coding APP training course you asked about.
Can we Skype or remote desktop to test so we can deploy?
I finally watched jumpingthebroom.
Made me think of my boo and Thai takeout!
I was going to say turning off my phone for the night because I'm mad but I will probably still tweet like crazy!
RT : If ur coming to Indians game tonight doctorss warm.
It's cold down here.
True that!
RT : devlearn Safety issues, cost, risk, infrequency can make real practice impractical  instead use simulation
All right All right All right...if we get 100 followers by the end of next week...FREE TSHIRT GIVEAWAY TIME!!!!
dude dm/txt ur email!
I'll shoot u the song!
Love painting with the sounds of a storm in the background.
Some bird just shat on me as I was walking back from Quix.
Frankly, it's a miracle it doesn't happen more often.
Let me know how she is!
Fuck we have to take a three .!!!
Str8LykeDes...
Just tryna find the right path....
El que busca lo que no debe,Encuentra lo que no quiere.
Meeting tomorrow to discuss venue options for the next
I've added another event to my race schedule as a result.
With a little help from mister Burgess I will be adding Ceraland to my 2011 schedule
I see.
With Tony Parker, Sr.
in the mix  the release stating Europe first, more likely a feeder league for Europe than NBA
She got the eyes that make these cloudy days turn into sunshine 
Ikr, seriously get a life
It's a shame I can't get Sendik's Chuck Bronson sausages 6 at a time anymore.
They make me buy a 12 batch.
Hope they freeze well.
Happy Birthday Michelle OBAMA!
You are an example of what is possible in this great Country of OURS!
You are number 1!
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWER
Want an EABF tee or pint glass and not get one?
We'll have them for sale from 5:308pm tonight.
18 tees/2 glasses!
Going to a cajun place for lunch  then working at the ballpark that night, but I love working there so
I still have thee biggest crush on ThomasJones!!!!!!
Yummy!!!
Morning Rockstars!
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
Im not in the mood to cook haha why do you wanna make something?
Portal down again.
Issue has been identified, but portal will not be up again until 6 am GMT6.
when you cum to Tokyo, I am going to make you fuck my pussy and face so hard
If you feel like a Scramble, check the chalkboard for our special!
Couldn't convince Sturdivant to doctorpped a 'help me help you' to tie the entire piece together?
wait so its a yes?
Thanks to everyone who is sharing their excitement about NCORE!
Only 17 more days!
Remeber to use NCORE2012 when tweeting about it.
Who do you love?
I'm really happy netflix put a bunch of Marvel animated movies on instant streaming.
Hopefully, DC follows.
Yep, I'm a geek.
foundations want impact: keep circling about policymaking and journalism.
re Islam: do either reach the public or highest government levels?
Just a blind guess  make sure that you are selecting the reference type first before you make changes.Support can help more.
Thanks for the follow .
Had fun at the Entrepreneur Magazine conference today.
It was great to meet you !
i want to marry you
Carol Bove  Spirit animal, East Coast edition
RT : lifewaseasybefore I was born, but I'm here now so I may as well sweat a little.
guess i'll get started on this huge paper i have due tomorrow :'
I was in the upper deck area.
My fiance bought tickets for me while I was out camping and got the best ones she could.
I'm coloring my daughter's shoes with a pink marker.
That's not nearly as weird as touching up my roots with a brown one, right?
Obviously it is frivolous to say what will happen or not happen in Dec/2012.
To do so as of questionable reading of Maya brick/ tablet....
Ms Parker Ms Parker!
When u gonna let a nigga..........
Yep working on the cd now its kinda a slow process and we are trying to get things together to start a tour soon
Lin is the Knicks PG!
He threw down 38 on the Lakers tonight!
Then credited his teammates and God postgame!
Nothing can sabotage winning, except for fear of losing.
Success usually lies just beyond failure.
diggin the what a voice and what an incredible blend of instruments
I'm waiting for to create an Is NASDAQ Down?
microsite.
Frank Sinatra....period
I wana stay home and watch music videos.
School sponsored with support of our district.
We had 20 and just received 65 more.
How about you?
I'd love to share ideas.
No ones messing with my sock/slipper game today, call me the young RGIII
i thought that was Bo Jackson?
Not in that order
Ditto!
RT Just want to congratulate , , et al., for putting together the amazing Student View exhibition at Tech!
Hate cry babies
ha ok I'll do it right now
well I'll hit U up then :
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WAITING 3 YEARS!
BELIEVE TOUR SOON!!!!!
YYEEE plz follow me
Willisc4 RT : cool bro shoot me ya email so i can lock you in my contacts
The person who surges w/ enthusiasm, though excessive, is superior to 1 w/ no passion.
Better to calm a geyser than raise up a mudhole
Dance 4 U By Beyonce Iz By FAR Her BEST Song Since Cater 2 U Wit DestinyChild.
A lot of lounges..tons of birthdays to celebrate
Banquet day!
heyy tmoneyy: what's your favorite thing to do besides dance?
And follow me??
Any Help Desk / Desktop Support projects sitting in purgatory?
I have a team of three hot off a project ready to assist.
BR 18/hr!
Get back on track today!!!
haha read that tweet and laughed really hard
HELL YEH SOON
Was having a bad day until you hugged me 3
great job doctormline!
I'm following your scores on the wgi app!
Goodluck tonight!!!!
walmart...
again lmfao
Guest speaker in class basically recruiting students to be future lobbyists.
No biggie!!
We'll catch up.
always 10 and 2!
Unless I'm bumping Wu.
Done, thanks RT : change your twitter name, your reign of terror is soon to end.
my phone didn't tell me i had any tweets from you!
Despite being on the wrong red  white team, still hard to cheer against Russell Wilson GoBadgers ?
I miss when would say goodnightangels :
OGHS Women notch first victory!
Crowds flock to Chepstow's Christmas lights switchon  Free Press Series AboutMyArea Crowds flock to Chepstow 's Christmas lights switch
let me guess, with all this rain, you guys are without power again???
Hopefully not
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami.
WHY?
That season sucked.
me siento mal pero life goes on
Not that this girl is walkin round school with a whole jug of fruit punch .
Lmao wtf..
no problemo : I won't be able to make it, but I'm sure it'll be a blast!
New apple TV!!
Off to Monticello tomorrow for the launch of a new book by their gardener, expect over 200ppl.
It should be a great event.
Seeing the Hunger Games for the second time this weekend.
Watching RHOC glad I just went to the dentist.
About to set myself on fire.
Someone's gonna need the records.
no problem man, take care  good luck!
A person on a mission can't be defeated by laziness, stupidity, or hate...
cause his fuel is his passion.
Go hard and love harder
Had an absolutely lovely time with  Thanks for the food and conversation, all!
yeah, I am protesting the charges.
It has just gotten worse.
sigh.
I work above and beyond to.
But it is my choice.
thanks!
I know it's a cheap cashin that's capitalizing on nostalgia, but, damn, Freddy Krueger's going to be a playable character in Mortal Kombat.
Hello everybody!!!!
first thing the NBA should do is make Ron Artest take that stupid name off his jersey
Sorry...been in trial all week.
Will get the team to check on this.
Have a great weekend.
word.
See you there.
Watching Grammys red carpet
Today only she can get a mulligan ;
I think it was a long bad day for everyone.
Hey, I want you to know we have your back.
No one can just do that to you without punishment.
Hope you're ok: Tweet?
Love u
I want to see more...a lot more...
I saw ghost!
The effects were awesome !!
Thank you!
You the best!
: I'm so excited, I'll b watching......
ufc mma sinful
haha : you are one of those cool chicks!
It follows from the logic of some of their arguments, but no specific cases.
I hope I slept with someone to get this job.
Because if I didn't, then who the hell WAS that guy?
I fcking HATE the tomahawk chop chant at Turner field/ Fulton County Stadium.
Bad memories
happy birthday man im going to go to doctorve down harry yell at people walking and ge
There's no place like home!
Your a Jerk.
I still love that song:
It's banana slices mixed with frozen yogurt  choc syrup.
Super stoked to be playing with our friends at The Avalon March 22nd.
Come hang!
My stomach and chest is hurting real bad, financial attempt to clean my room then take a nap.
ASDFGHJKL.
just DMd me his number.
DEAD.
:
we will be in LA April 9th 13th recording at Red Bull studios!
Let's meet up
flyers pulled out a big win last night against the Pens.
Both teams more physical than
May I just say...The Lord is blessing me right now ohhhhhhRightNow PFAswag :
Bae said he gone sing to me for my birthday tomorrow...lmao, I can't wait for this3
doctornking a mountain dew basking in the glory that I have yet another job that wants me.
why can't men be so readily available?
My Packers are 90 and I couldnt be happier!
Seeing do his magic in person last night beats my old black and white TV.
Community fighting at schoolboard mtg upset about black schools closing, but the board just voted to keep them open.
that would be great.
I will see you there.
Started the day off the bat with 2 zyrtek and was doing great...until I just went outside.
Can't stop sneezing!
:
If Im Just A Friend If Im Just A Friend Then Why Do I Know How Your Lips Feel Like ?
Jasmine V I love this song.
:
Everyone needs a mental break now and then.
Congrats on taking one and hope it is absolutely enjoyable!
RT : locksmiths What is average time to fit rim night latch, upgrade a BS sash lock please.
Appx cost too please.
Few things get me wetter than exhibition college football in April
CEO Nicole DeBoom on keys for leaders: Listening.
Listening develops trust and trust is at the core of a good team.
hi.
it's my birthday: a birthday tweet from you would make my day!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Dollhouse Cocktail Lounge last night and supported our model search!
Who are some of your favorite local female acts?
Let us know!
Today's Special  Cowboy Burger  Cheddar, bacon, housemade Tandem Dubbel BBQ and housemade onion rings.
M....
saddle up.
;
Just bck from ClevIntFilmFest  post rap session w/ 2 friends.
Wanted to stay for final round of films  break party bt Sun anxiety set in.
I Guess I'm a Criminal.
Dear Nike, thanks for following me!
miss you too even though i'm mad at you.......
she just seems like a deadish person.
:
Ha Ha next tiime a youth/womens sized jersey.
Good OT finish so there will be more games
The team is looking forward to the community literacy forum tonight!
TeamLocas forever love!!!
Thanks for the the Game of Thrones tip!
ok lol......we need to show these young cats how to do it lol
Any pray requests??
Pho after practice could be the greatest idea ever imagined...in the history of this world.
Kicking off a week long river restoration course with Matt Kondolf and a lot of Portuguese people...
Just discovered What a great thing!
Now I'm really doctoraming about summer vacations!
Hey i know that mother fucker I used to team battle with him!!!: : Hey , essentials or what?
Awww you're welcome Darlin.
It's cause you're so delicious!
Mexicans neva stop with the cookouts :D
Pick your favorite please Jo Joah Jeau Jeaux Im trying to pick a username for my music page Joe is not an option i have already tried it
Had fun at my first event tonight!
This Boy John wrote this  it is simple but very clever.
It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangemen
: This boy just fell off his bike :  I jst saw that sht
mitch is telling my fave story
oh my oh my...
that sucks.
Glad you got your stuff back!
I know how you feel .
c:
What a day...
When one story breaks it seems like it just starts a trickle affect.
what position do you play???
NFL doctorft Results 2012: Why the Chicago Bears Had the Best doctorft
Chessboxin': still a mystery.
Hello, Dulles.
It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again.
Here's hoping I'm not here too long...
on a scale of 1 to ' on St Pats Day', how excited are you about Manning?
.
any chance you have an iCal or Google Calendar of your upcoming workshops and webinars.
If so, perhaps a good idea?
I'd subscribe.
proposing at games.
Dumb dumb dumb!
Hurry up for your big win with us!
A chance to get some cashforcarspdx.
We offer top
oh no no no it's not bein saved I'm upset wit u!!!!!!
typical theories
yo fun rad blogger GIRLS in NYC, San Fran, Austin, Boston, LA and elsewhere...DM me ur deets/blogs.
i have a SUPERCOOL opportunity for you.
ack...thanks for letting me know...I'll try again!
:D
FUCK YA Cape Surf Core Board Shop!
Rainy, cloudy FridayThe13th...
At least we're here to brighten your day with tacos!
I'm not weird.
Having a doctornk in the Hilton bar.
Come join me if you're wandering around, I'm all about meeting new folks.
I refuse.
Is there a different chat room we should be in for odhd?
IRC and the TinyChat are pretty quiet /cc
There is a lot going on in news this week.
Presidential primary, dancing with Donald and 12 news, then opening day!
thanks for the words!
Good luck this season
I think his birthdays today...
RT : women who rule: THANKS for the shoutout!
:
they're adorable!
He's 4 and brilliant, but when he doesn't get something right the first time, oy dios mio!
Like puzzles, or packing cards or toys in boxes.
Bye every1: see u tomorrow!
This tornado is a punk bitch
we just launched a solar event in Cabezon...
but its the same development.
Zero Energy is great way to go.
Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends, a love story.
1st of 3 comedic vampires in SF novels, quite possibly the silly best.
Turkey bowling, anyone?
Verlander's arm hair has arm hair.
If you don't want your dirty ways exposed stop doing dirt.
Simple as that
45 minutes on elliptical .
I think I want bangs, what ya'll think???
Thrilled to hear MoMA has wisely acquired work by superb artist 96 year old Elizabeth Catlett.
Cooking pancakes and eggs and headed to itunes for
just had the best omelette ever!
airlines served it to me.
Thinking about taking a trip tomorrow just to have another one!
All I want in this city is a flying burrito brothers cover band.
Gigantes looking good
WordsIveHeardBefore  I'm Sorry, I will never do it again
I'm doing a week rawfast, almost done with day 1.
You are my
Can't get the taste of Budweiser out of my mouth.
notthebest Lara, get someone to fix that.
everygirlisbeautifulandspecial the end.
Your proposal presentations can make the difference.
Showcasing that you can present a great message is half the battle.
Artemisia is prepping to begin our research study in about a week.
We might be calling you...
if thats the only thing she wants.
Maybe next year she'll expand her wish list :
it will be doctor in MSP until 6pm then a 40 for rain then 60  80 by 8pmthe tstorms approach from the southwest.
it's just another Saucy Sunday.
Future parachute

pretty sure i can quote the entire movie verbatim.
Its my gift and my curse.
Oddly never seen Beerfest.
awe thank you,dude :' : welcome, wish you guys the best.
:
love your nails they are so cute :
I am always addicted to sex in April and may.....
and not just any sex.
Im talkin fucked up abusive walk of shame bruises kinda sex.
What court are you ball hawking at today?
I'll be walking around the Open during the Day session.
People who cant mind there business have no life to me!
Sometimes you gotta keep on keeping on joe dirt.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Henry Beecher
The worst day of the week is over!
Please note: before you choose to piss me off, I suffer from mental illness so could easily kill you and plead insanity
A BFElvisFactoid  today in 1976 in Memphis, BruceSpringsteen jumped a fence at Graceland in an attempt to see his idol,
Melodies and my studio
Worldwide Trend crazygirloncourt at the Nuggets game!
I am!
RT : Who's going to smbme this Friday?
: BENNY  THE JETS!
shots 7pm start time 
New music coming very soon...
Baby BooklynBuck has had two naps during the duration of this Tribe game.
god damn, Trespassing is the best album ever.
Amber was a sensuous lover, and she's rumored to have later become a stripper.
I've always picked 'em right!
Radio Show Rundown for April 14thMike Avery39s Outdoor Blog  avery outdoors
Sounds like an intervention.
Genius always finds itself a century too early
love you!!!
Thx so much for your support of PHAME!
Werque, Haus of Visage.
These guys are good.
Packers!
Things I can't wait for this summer; golf, whiffleball, the beach, the Gus, road trips, sports, gambling
we thank you as well for the mention, jazz up this month and every month
Skye:Royal, this is the first time i've ever seen you read.
Royal:I have to read.
Skye:Why?
Royal:Because I have no sex life.
I DIED!
Unclear at this point what involvement, if any, Andersen had in this case and whether he will be charged.
only know him via Twitter.
not in person.
Cafe de la Presse, the corner French place we saw?
Or First Crush by hotel.
Keep your hopes up high, and your head down low.
Sometimes you need to stop waiting for someone else.
The YES you get is from yourself.
RT : I call my mouth my sasshole.
Working on some linkbuilding for
And sign it in blood?
AskDylanBarker who do you think is thee prettiest girl celebrity under 21 years old?
:
Jonas Kaufmann was AMAZING last night in Adoctorana Lecrouver.
So proud of Tom being part of such a prestigious cast!
RFT doing his thing.
: video making in miami
I have to start getting ready, and my brother just got in the shower.
.
getout!
All smiles over here :
Damn it's been too long...I don't recognize any of the faces on my time line..
Hahahaha I have green eyes....
: LOL.
They look glorious.
I've watched the Alien blu 3 times since owning it.
I wouldn't bother with part 4 unless you are very curious
Hatting, surprise Ustreams, random videos taken with terrible cameras.
Less people, easier to get noticed3
Thanks Dee!
That's semiabsolutely true for almost most of us.
Why you hatin'?
ThingsIHate when parents says NO to something and their reason is because they said so 
Do you need to tell us something?
Only one recorded death in the US in 40 years from a Coral Snake bite
I was solid in my plans to go lite but who can resist Mac and cheese special of the day!!
No one.
In Tucson until Thursday morning.
Wondering if theres a Tucson CFUG meeting any time soon?
?
Typing this from my iPad 2.
Yay birthday present from my darling husband.
HAPPY VALINTINES DAY AUSTIN!!
WE LOVE YOU!!
why did that terrible blonde country singer make it through on the voice?
Oh no!
I hope everything is ok.
Look for patchy freezing doctorzzle to form this afternoon.
Not a lot or precip, but will lead to slick spots.
Slow down!
/via
I have to make changes in my life, i'm sleepy all the fucking time.
I wanna go to Arundel Mills Mall!!
LOL.
Yep, I'm going tomorrow.
See you there.
We'll set up lunch :
Thanks you Gina!
Hating that it's 101 degrees outside at my house!
Lots of inside activities planned today.
It feels good to be a big part in a child's life
Thanks for the follow Melissa!
Be sure to check our iPad app :
classy that!
So I just found out my best friend likes me who's a girl, her brother likes me and my ex loves me o.O got all this news at once!!
HARBOR only 5 shows left The Victory Theater in Burbank 8188415421 with TheDescendants star Lillardmatthew One of the BEST plays in LA!
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
Seneca
Hi, not going to Kenosha today, too windy.
So sorry if you were looking for me!
Are you following the team?
What's on your ohnono list?
We have to radically rethink the way we're delivering education, says Norman Atkins,
I'm vacuuming doll carriages and crossing all my fingers and toes that all the spiders are out to lunch.
I'd be glad to help!
Bored doing nothing right about now!
Where are all of my celebrities out here with all of the new albums out!
Keep me posted:
good thing I have 4 years before I need a job.
you are so welcome!
We can't wait to come back!
I think you're only allowed to assign Lady Chatterly's Lover.
None other.
lol yeah, yeah
Bourekas for sale at the OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve!
's new music video is breaking records with over 5 Million views in less than 24 hrs!
Random pain in my chin.
yhur lucky to be Able to be part of life bc he is truly an awesome person!!!
christmas is in the air at the office  smells so good!
COME BACK TO PHILLY
Elway agreeing to come play in Wildcat packages with Peyton.
that is so true :
Favorite preschooler book of the week: Ten Wriggly, Wiggly Caterpillars.
Tactile, colorful, counting, rhyming fungreat gift for toddlers!
announced a vinyl due out early 2012!
What do you call a man with only half a brain?
Gifted.
Is it just me or has Terrence Jones just been full of awesome lately?
its time 2 go celebrate!
Congrats, Duke!
I also am one of those guys that say music was better back then.
Just ask my son when we do the Phish  Grateful Dead debate
Whoa!!!!
amazing!
Fingers crossed this happens!
If anyone wonders where I get my party skills...ask my dad
Tonight, Wednesday, Pilates at the Presbyterian Church hall, 6  7 pm.
trying to get my computer work, its slow cause its raining.
it taking me forever just to send this
In Miami Fl
that wasn't my fault, I had car issues.
I bought a new car a few weeks ago.
yes She makes me feel like a strong, independent woman!!
Cut it out lol.
RT : stands on chair but I'm a Leo and I do!!!!!!
sigh I'm never enough for you 
I thought your shirt was classy!
But then again Andover thinks I'm classless.
That's the one!
He's the best.
FYI, mustangs are best for ladies to ride, unless they are heavyset ladies, in which case the horse will simply refuse to move.
Should I start using this account again?
Thank u buddy!
Saw Da Brat on the June Ambrose show all thugged out, but she didn't forget her makeup.
Humph, even Brat knows there's power in makeup.
;
Dear Friday: I love you.
I'M SO CONFUSED.
WHAT ARE WE BERTING ABOUT?!
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME?
Fat shorts, mcdonalds and my couch for 10 hours  perfection
I'm pretty sure we won that debate :
OK Im Gonna write The Best AKWARD MOMENTS.!
I can't.
The rare instant celebrity death news makes up for enduring daily texts of tragedy and mayhem.
Anytime Greg!
What it do?
U k know me, i been in the lab.
How u been?
Yea!
I'm east coaster so makes sense.
That's also y Pasadena usually faked as eastcoast locals like cityhall in
Sorry...
Couldn't get Eddie Vedder to perform the Star Spangled Banner on Opening Day....

We want to see you do work on Cleveland for the next Operation Orange game this Friday.
RT f you put a glass dome with a 50 mi diameter on Houston, there would be few global humanspheres unrepresented.
I don't know who you are lol
ANOTHER UMPIRE ERRor
good morning twitter : on to 1st period: .......can't wait until this damn day over.
Last performance of The Scottsboro Boys.
Wow.
My pleasure, Vince!
plz follow me....
Ok whew.
I thought it might get really dusty in here.
That one I can handle.
The dog one?
Not so much.
Excellent service Saturday night.
sorry I get a ton if email what's the question?
I love to it big.
duh that's my job
Let's go Rondo tied at halftime
guess I was forgotten again...
No more of me for you Nicholas....
Shouldn't I realize...you're the highest of the high?
I love downtown.
So many inthecut, lowkey, spots to chill at.
earthquakes in Bali Oregon Puerto Rico and Alaska in the last 2 hours.
Such a gorgeous day!
Waking up next to my boy  had an amazing run!
Summertime loving
Hi, hi!
waves Life has just been hectic...but I'm resurfacing  I'll shoot you a text today!
Oh,  Happy New Year!
Thanks!
RT Happy
just went skateboarding with all day.
Brewers going to be going into game six on a high note
I just cleaned out my phone's custom dictionary but I am keeping brochacho!
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there and to my mom!
She is the greatest!
What Internet technologies also provide professorssional development for teachers?
A principal friend needs some recommendations 4 his teachers
That's charming.
I want to put my hands on this cute pad baby.
newiPad.
Should I create something to it?
Layed up with my love about to cuddle  call it a night , feels good waking up to that someone every morning .
RT On Conference call...just accepted the Big East invitation!
55 minutes to the world premiere of our film at the New York International Film Festival.
So excited!!
Poker Quote of the day: I used to be a heavy gambler.
But now I just make mental bets.
Thats how I lost my mind.
toss me a shout out!
Love the way you are.
You are flawless!
AND WE REALLY LOVE YOU.
i know you read my text message.
Speaking of nice guys, am I seeing you tonight??
well im not so impressed..
hope my boys LMFAO shut it down..
Rt if your mouth says shit automatically when something bad happens.
It will take some time, but I certainly will.
The new roommate better be ready for me and rachael
have a safe trip home.
PS.
You are more than ready!
Bieber In My Heart:
I am.
Wish I was in NYC to check out the exhibit.
Active Child or Starkillers?
Or bed?
Dear god
If you are looking for payroll services......
can help you there too?
Ask us how???
State GOP Convention on NOW.
PRAY for the USA, Preservation of our Constitution  Ron Paul for President.
YES he STILL CAN WIN.
thurane
A broken clock only works twice a day 
Session not a good 3pt shooter, so that's kinda the whole plan by Karl, but still, it's really noticeable.
See Kobe bringing it up now?
Studio, open windows, loud music, and my painting flipflops....on we go.
Just heard that the show House is in its last season.
It's been a good run!
Panic!
At The Disco on the radio, they're doing a good job.
you gotta tag me for it sho!
sho nuff.
I'm about to get my hair cut in my crib.
what's happening in your area?
RT : I'm talking about Inbox Zero this Thursday  learn how to make your inbox scream uncle ...
doctoroling over new arrivals
Watching Oliver do tree pose.
Yum.
so band practice just got stopped by da POOOOOOOOOOOliceeeeeeeeeee
my nephew is soo sweet!
Good times!
How is your evening?
's new professorle picture makes me sad.
I've gotten into the twitterverse and clearly need to be in bed
Officially cleared!!!
just remeberd we were talking about swinging baby fetus's by the legs into poles
hm, just work and school.
trying to move on but also keeping track of comic con hehe
You should take some lessons!
Hardest part about new job in new part of town?
I have to get a new barista.
; trying bellacaffe we will see.
SHOUT OUT TO MY BOO BOO MVP !!
Wahh : my break is over
...and w/in the guide pages it is difficult to get an outline of the guide or current section, you can only go back to 'home'
My life just crumbled.
He probably saw it and just moved on hahaha XD
SoYoureallyThink I'm listening.
how do people help/contribute?
hhheeyyy!
who wants to talk?!
:
is SOLD OUT tonight!!!
Reserve your tickets for Jinx NOW for Friday and Saturday before they GO!!!
oops!
wrong tag for Lance!
apparently we're not twitter official friends
MustFollow Thanks for the RT's and mentions!!
george clooney is so sexy!
shot
Final things before I get on a plane home tonight: Boston Public Library  Pizzeria Regina.
:D
Unfortunately Monta Ellis is trending into Salmons/Maggette productivity land, hopefully that gets turned around quickly.
I hate you.!
u left me all alone in class this shits fucking boring without u.!:o
Borrow money from a pessimist, they dont expect it back :
NYC Printing 123 is making improvements on the website!!!
Follow up for more updates  specials
3wordsforyou Create your fate.
u looking for new artist an where can i send some tracks to
Whats up from Houston!
Thanks for sponsoring great music!
Think she's saying that identification doctorws att'n to/magnifies difference, not ingores.
But wasn't that Burke's line already?
I need Followers, Business minded Women that is about it
It's 3:05am.
I need to go to bed but I can't get stop browsing
Lol  ANAL SEX N BRAZILIANS WORST THAN CHILD BIRTH
Tigers coming through, backs against the wall they find a way to save the scorecard.
Cudos!
What about you?
I think your terrific and I wish others could be the breath of fresh air that you are
Alfredo Freddie Macadabre.
You just made my night by showing up at my house at 11PM with a burnt penis.
The Make it in America music video is cute!
And mosquitoes are biting me!
.
Thanks for the follow!
RT : I'm not an alcoholic.
Alcoholics go to meetings.
I'm a doctornk, we go to parties
I wish girl's didn't have to have moods swings
If this image makes it on the internet, I'd love a copy/ link.
click the tweet i replied to!
ahahah
i just dont buy all this the game is sacred mess.
Its HUGE but only in the historical context of big dudes smashing faces
just got tickets to c , anyone else going to zanies on the 29th?
lets have a big fam dinner across the street at mcds b4!
thats a trade secret 
BSBlovesyou and I love you too!
Gr8 recipes!
Just made the Roast Chicken with HoneyVinegar Rub!!!
WZho would have thought to use vinegar?
Delicious!
Fito Reinoso at the Cigar Bar San Francisco tonight Sat, October 16
Mountain Dew!
It's how I start my mornings :
Ever notice how girls with no ass switch they hips way to hard!
The Sixers are still the Sixers.
Beating a severely depleted Bulls team didn't change that.
Omg I have a necklace that has a pig head and a pig but I love it!!!;
me and my brother were messing around with the mic and I wanted u to hear it.
It's pretty funny
Workin tonight!
Singin' and swinging' with big D till LATE!
Kevin Nash is trending...makes me wish we ordered SummerSlam lol.
I know zero of those people
6WordSciFiStory  I'm...
I'm...
still...
still...
malfunctioning...
malfunctioning.
I can only imagine what Cleveland police and EMS will encounter tonite when doctornks leave the bars and hit the streets.
Keep em safe God.
When the Islanders play, Do they try to Lin or just concede in the locker room before the game?
Where do you train in the offseason?
I don't follow..
I made chicken.
MarketMeSuite is a great social media tool!
when are you gonna rock the charts and release Oh My!
?
Finally heading to bed.
And I wake up in like, 3  a half hours.
Oh well, goodnight!
Haven't eaten salt in 24hrs.
Going through salt withdoctorwal.
We is want salty snacks!!!
No we canst have it wes cannot.
gollum gollum
ok do it
We in Liv right now gettin it in!
Vin Scully is coming back!
Nice to see some things stay the same.
hahaha thats why i love you :
Thanks for the follow Kathleen!
Much better off holding an auction for 3rd pick if RGIII falls there.
long overdue!
Mornin'!
We r introducing our next coanchor Robert Maxwell.
Chris Willis is moving off the desk to head the investigation team
Any Slpeeps working in Chicago?
Pref school setting?
I care at times.
Why follow someone if they stopped tweeting.
When I can unfollow  use my follow for someone else.
I dnt like to think to much cuz I start thinking about bullshit n I get mad.......
ok just let me know.
I'll be at universal during the day Sunday
If u love me..
this how u let me know..
don't ever let me go..
that's how u let me know baby!!
Listing appoint at 10.
Radiate Love like Miley.
Stay Strong like Demi.
doctoram Out Loud like Selena.
Be fearless like Taylor and Never Say Never like Justin.
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo.
Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
2 days in, sleeping schedule already messed up
tired.
Feel like I got hit by a truck.
So lost.
So confused.
So.....
heartbroken :'
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Your welcome !
you should never come to Florida then!
Great show for sure!
We will do it again.
is great right now.
is a genius.
Less than one week now until our trip to Washington for the annual March for Life!
The 2nd coming of Christ will be quick; I Mean it's been 2000 years since the last time he came
I have yet to receive a message from you best friend!
Chef Special: Blackened Scallops with tomato, basil, and mozzarella salad.21.95
LOL guys Ian put a picture of on Facebook of my Twitter  said I was weird as fuck.
TODO Austin SXSW tip: Skip the madness, park east of I35!!
my mom overreacting about this whole prom thing 
Good morning : getting ready going out with my boyfriend!
Yay
Want to lower heart disease risk?
Eat more beans!
4 times a week according to research.
These dances on dancing with the stars look amazing!
agrees to buy for 12.5 billion.
Wow!
Expect them to move into hardware, including mobile.
Things just got interesting...
interviewing tomorrow for a help desk job.
wish meh luck.
Young the Giant, dudes!
these girls that go and beg people for money for doing nothing, piss me off....
GET A FUCKIN JOB!!!
You want something, buy it yourself.
thanks guys!
Playin in Nashville tonight at 9pm!
That awkward moment when ur at da store buying a bra and the cashier is a dude...
Hit by a pitch on the left wrist and back of hand in the 13th.
My mother just wished me a happy birthday in the Facebook comments to a Nate Dogg video.
Make sure to grab tomorrow's City Paper.
I hear they've got a hot new cub reporter on the cover.
Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray tackle 'Phantom Lady': DC Comics unveils its latest miniseries with an update of the classic heroine.
great call!
I will have to dig that one out of the library!
I've been hacked.
I changed my password.No idea who's doing it.
The new Beach House song, Myth is AMAZING!!!
Can't wait to see them in concert at Jacksonville Beach.
:
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Napoleon Hill
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
Martin Luther King
.
now discussing LMNL, an experimental markup language with different affordances from XML.
Particularly handling overlap
Big Sur, come back.
A Top Texas Chef Cookout PRIME!
benefit supporting New Horizons, will be held on Wednesday, April 25, 2012
Thanks to all who came out this past Friday night for John Carpenter's the Thing!
Biggest show in some time!
In horrible pain hate life
can I get a shout out please
oh ok
If you got haters, your doing something right.
shout out to you for shouting out for us!
Philly?
You at Relays?
I am done using Java as Oracle and Google seem to be ruining it as an open source programming language and potential future for
What she meaaaann?????
fakers playing better
Wait.....
Who does Jackie play?!?
lol, I'm like the only one who probably doesn't know :/
A fade is much needed this week
Hi Aiden, Thanks for the refollow.
Have a good day.
Full of gas compounded from barley hardtack.
Breakwind blasts every sencond.
How's our video coming?
You can't be fierce to the violin solo from schindler's list.
You just can't.
Palau, more than once: Yes, give Jesus Christ a hand.
He deserves it!
sounds great.
We'll definitely head that way.
Hoping to get down time this summer.
Littleknown fact.
I have a Lakers Van Exel jersey in a doctorwer.
I really cannot remember why, although I know I chose it.
I'd like to request Young Homie by Chris Rene  Pls play it :
Look people in the eyes, speak with confidence, be polite to all,  tip well.
happy beautiful birthday honey wish for u a very good day !
RT : Give yourself permission to succeed  JUST AS YOU ARE.
You don't have to be perfect, you already deserve Success!
right back at ya!
RT Here's to 2012!!
So happy to be back with
That's all the confirmation I need that flat top isn't coming to UK.
sigh ....
I'll just amuse myself with it neverthless
banana cinnamon makes me smile...and feel a little mischievous
Keep feedback coming on KatyTrail crime.
Thoughts on safety, response?
Tweet, Facebook, Email me.
we just got an end of the day shipment of the most SOUGHT AFTER athleticapparel.
it's some of the NEW much anticipated fall arrivals!
Just watched the BOYFRIENDvideo uhm...
I just had an orgasim from looking at the tv LOL but anyways LOL is out tommarow!
we're volunteering up north, lol, and staying off campus so we have to get over to camp before breakfast is over!
it's a pill but you're right about everything else ; stay tuned for a chance to win a free sample!
I wish....those things were legit.
Thx for the RT Greg!
Have an awesome weekend!
God lord, I've never realized how much I love japanese food.
on my way home with paint 4 Pipers room.
Who wants to do some painting?
On Jay phone n shit .
I gave Ms price my phone
Be sure to listen to 99.9 KISS FM in the morning and play the contest!
Winners get a prize pack  VIP tour from
I think we successfully answered every question today except for Where are my daughter's school shoes?
Enjoy!
RT : Much needed day off in rainy NYC!
Time to gym it and go find some grub!
So excited for to be on the xfactor next year!!!
let's fight each other
Right now, the Sounders are playing w/ the type of team cohesion  synchronicity all title teams understand.
itsbeautiful!
Sometimes I feel like I'm being stalked by advertisers on the interwebs.
Who the hell is Sergio Martinez...lol
I guess I will have to see but I must go see my sis first I know she miss me
I was talking with my friend today we said imagine wht maralin mansons wedding was like i think tht bitch just wanted money tho /:
: Good vibes bouncing off the walls : thank you earth for being Friday.
I appreciate it.
Old people on Facebook..hahaha no.
RT : Please pray for 17yearold Leeah Bryan, a friend who was hit by a motorcycle.
She needs to awaken!
thanks so much!
when is it
Nice site!
Thanks for posting my link, though all credit due to designer Hans Linberg and www.dornob.com
Seven buses worth so far!
YearOfTheHawk
i hope follows me she is so beautiful and so talented :
true might geocoders be better for that?
What do you use?
Geopy?
I played with geonames and google event
on it
Writing novels about alternative worlds often involves archival research in this world
Bring by the Boogens if you remember I wanna check that out.
I saw a fairly good indie flick the other day Dead Weight.
Decent
Any colleges switching or thinking about switching from a summer orientation to a preclasses fall orientation program?
steroids..
Are you talking about Sammy Sosa again, or did you forget about him...
nice win
haha, but you get off early a lot lol cx
great meeting you guys tonight at MoDev!
but its so much work..
Today is the 100th Anniversary of Titanic!
well good luck my love!!
I know you'll do great!!
I have heard nothing from Google yet.
I am sure it might be a while.
watching Kim from the RHOA at a firing range holding a gun, scares me.
and not for the right reasons.
Interesting to see that responded almost instantaneously w/ an apology for the commercials.
Impressive, even if automated.
Be patient even if it takes too long.
WTF!
Now shes pretending to be Kenya I wat to fuck Tami up right now!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Forgot how good stories of a stranger is
just go take one socks and stuff it the trumpet.
seems a reasonable reaction at this point
I thought McGee was Gunna get called for goal tending lmfao
350 airfare credit per room at any Sandals or Beaches property.
Book now for travel in 2012.
Like.
Is that the whole thing?
Or a piece of it?
How many of you have a tattoo of your favorite sports team???
My family  I stayed  a rental home in your beach community  we LOVED IT!
My daughter loved it too!
Her name is Olivia!
:
Good Morning Please take a second to follow TMC Records CEO  President
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
James M.
Barrie
that's the hardest thing.
I have to do it a LOT and it can be insanely rewarding or exasperating
I NEVER wear makeup.
thank you Brandi!!!
Anyone have any trips planned this summer?
Will you doctorve or fly?
KPUHuntsman Huntsman on Dems: That Huntsman guy, he's a Republican I think I could support.
That's when I knew we were toasted
Make each day of the week like Friday and your life will take on new enthusiasm.
Byron Pulsifer
Is a recount still likely?
When Democrat Kathleen Falk lost race for Atty Gen in 2006 by 8859 votes, she did not ask for one.
New phone bitches:D
there goes the last fuck i gave...
Rose are perfectly beautiful.
Rosie is perfect AND beautiful.
FollowFriday
Happy ecomonday!
Green tip of the day: consider taking public transportation instead of doctorving!
I do not understand this word, share.
Good morning luvs!!!!!
Emma Stone just dunked on Ben Stiller again!!
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
nigga you gay.
do I know you?
Don't forget, we also have fenders in stock for the soggy days coming up!
To be fair, anyone would have done a double take upon seeing how the mayor's net worth rose by over 100 percent in four years Rama i...
RT : Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony  Ghandi
Tomorrow night 5:307PM  MICA's Decker Gallery come to reception for Abstracts featuring 16 alumni artists
Anonymous We are on the verge of Nuclear war with North Korea: FACT.
Someone wants to make their dead Daddy proud.
Look closer.
we've got an army.
we've got a hulk.
Maybe next time Jefferson won't fight someone before the season..
I'll be at the Chicago Roundtable meeting later today.
Anyone else going?
yea man.
What are you doing right now?
me too!!!
Everybody b sure to vote everyday!
:
you are the freaking man
thanks for celebrating JAM with jazz artist stamps, we appreciate you acknowledging the artists contributions
I hate the AFMC
Robert Pianta is beginning his elnmeeting keynote.
Jersey Shore  homework right now.
When a company credits you hundoctords of dollars in apologies over the years, you know they're doing quite a lot wrong.
And so do they.
Hodgson won39;t excite the fans, claims England Supporters Club member
What was the best college graduate advice that we should share with Pedoctor?
Can't stop thinking about 17 Super Bowl ads being Shazamable.
Does this make TV ads clickable?
Immediately measurable?
Its gonna be fun!
Why stop now, I can have EVERYTHING!!
Just moved the book into the Completed First doctorft folder.
What a good feeling!
Heading back from France.
An amazing week of new discoveries.
Praying everyone will be protected in the storms.
as hiphop marketing advice for fellow south african hiphop headz,what's your mp3 email addoctorss thank u.
oh fashion designers, why do you overflow my twitter.
3
oh okay, thanks for the update.
I was in the gym, and could only see the score.
We need him, he need to work that out soon!
lol hell yea
thank you :
AND...You're STILL SEXY...stop with thinking YOU'RE NOT ALREADY..ha ha...YOU'RE EVEN HOT...lol
Authors and writers I have decided to follow:
nothing chica you just have a thirst.for life.
Stay hydoctorted and healthy ya dig.
Those late night text messages where you confess everything...
Yeah, i like those.
Merely hoping for others' happiness on this pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice, that's all.
Not arrogant, not judging.
hmm, I wonder who you're talking about...
Me too!
I saw it in theaters when it came out,  I've seen it 1k times since, but to get to see it on the big screen again?!
delete all bad memories
I think they are on to something..
want to work it out more for Qu Casualidad' mcn2012 hugs doctorss.
I've got to be the only person on the planet who likes carrots but despises carrot cake
Does anyone think one tree is kinda wierd so far hahah?
I win!
yes I do thankyou
took a lunch break for the first time in 30 days.
so how's your state tonight?
Interesting theme emerging at ISOJ12: Journalists are losing their of objectivity and seeking to become part of their community
100 agree, a small portable gps attachable device
colleague seeking writings on efforts to save material culture that takeplace outside of standard institutional support or methods.
ideas?
I'm surprised you could even type that joke tells me people from eaton cant read or write
Twitter for iPhone update let's you see follows  faves of friends.
Remember: RT biz stuff, star funny stuff, but not porn!
Really exciting stuff RT : We're at Newburgh MS in Louisville, ready for the 'My Digital Life' launch event w/
if all you're going to do is constantly put me down, i don't need you in my life.
simple as that.
YES!
Let's build a sandlot in GH RT Who just submitted permits for Summer Grass and Sand Volleyball....
who wanna skype me????
good attitude!
lol
On tomorrow is  special Viewer Fantasy Football doctorft.
Submit your team name now via Twitter
Most publicity is sponsored by professorssional magazine/news.This paid propaganda is used2promote psuedoartistscorporate sponsored agendas!!!
Showing some signs of life!
How about in Ottawa?
Out today on family emergency!
If all goes well I will be back at work tomorrow!
theres a certain service for that?
lol
Unlimited Time Off policies are all the rage.
Mainly because they favor the employer....yes they do believe it or not.
I have filmed inside prisons but have never witnessed this.
Absolutely horrific.
We will make your custom suit, prom, bridal and childoctorn doctorsses in two days or your money back.
W.bindahouse 9164290403
thank you Family.
www.MourningsideProductions.net you can cop em there and we will hook you up somehow!
ROCK ON!
wish I there!
Lol oh OK!
BTW the CC0 recommendation was in the context of data sharing, but here we are talking about literature as data ...
we're so old.
granny fans
Chose the Houdini exhibit at the Jewish museum over Kim Kardashian shopping w her basketball giant in meatpacking...good choice
I know what you mean!
Love you much and call if you need me!!
XO
Do only old women wear shoes from Aerosoles?
Tried on some mad confortable ones today that were actually cute.
WE GET IT IN TILL SIX IN THE MORNING
if you had to start your musical taste all over again with no memories of your past, that's what you should listen to now.
end nostalgia
Just got out of church
thanks!
She's pretty sweet :
Hope it hit you hard.
Just sayin.
what book is that?!?
What's up with the game on fsnwisconsin.
College hockey?
Wtf
Phone about to die.
Bad day for Beantown.
Patriots  Red Sox both lose.
Go Broncos!!
50!!!
Just scored 2 free tix to Great Lake Swimmers tonight.
Streetlight Manifesto cures all.
You look so different!
In a good way lol
YES!
Not goin to school tomorrow!
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store!
NEVER ride dirty without your Attorney again.
Attorneyoncall  24/7
Anyone catching STRUCTURES in Bloomington on Monday?
all I can say is I'm proud of my panthers!
Coach you did an awesome job,and to the players,thanks for making us believe again.
it was one of those good days : hbu ?
:
It seems like my love for my talented idol grows more and more each day i just can't wait to meet her sing with her one day
Dear Fall, I'm madly in love with you.
Jesus
Who Wanna Chill!:
where are you?
Try this again ....finding out is following me made my day or night..?...yeah anyways hi people xD
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
John doctorden
The Creative Power within us makes us into the image of that to which we give our attention
IGNORE WAT THOSE SAY BOUT U AS LONG AS U NOW THE TRUTH...
DONT LET IT GET TO U
No, south America
getting readt to party it up major pool party!!!!
And amazing HOT guys with thier shirts off oh baby ; lol
Is there any way to track your play count on Spotify like in iTunes?

Was bad about tweets during investigation  wrapped up in it and only 3 people.
No activity  hid from us.
But, client feels better
Still no guarantee that I'll be on a jury though I hear they like librarians.
Colin baby!
So handsome ;
Checking out all the grand functionality of the Boost library.
Anyone have Pintrest?
I want an invite!!
Forgiveness is love.
Love is all.
can't wait man!
Great Spurs win tonight, but we never found Glen Coco!
:
do you know how many pictures had to be on each page in our books for yearbook?
'ours' does!.
If I won Mega Millions I'd probably blow it all on cigars!!!
Oh Chris carrabba!
I love when you scream!
Arguably the best film about an automaton in a1930s Paris railway station you'll ever see...
Hi new friend!
Just wanted to wish you a happy weekend!
xoxoxo
Free Shipping for all sales over 100.00 today!
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 7598.
EW.......
i don't want dougs dick coming to culvers with us.......
Wheels.
Spinning.
No one else is as happy as me that the Packers won the Super Bowl!
: Tom
Resisting the urge to go out and waste money by doing something that I've put off for far too long: cleaning.
Clean Start Cleanse: 69 intensive, deep colon cleansing.
Removes buildup that nothing else can touch!
My favorite!
In wild berry
Best Irene statistic: two people reportedly lost power in Manhattan.
I want to get a tatoo
HAHA!!
i will
you are absolutely gorgeous, I can't even.
c': muchMahomielove 3
I hate being broke.
w00t!
Good girl.
Leave it to an archivist.
true I know you'll take care of him.
He's not in Valdosta anymore hahaha hit me up next week I will talk to some guys for u
Turns out I already have these shoes...actually thats not really funny CongratsJB :D
Now I feel i've overgeneralized by not wanting to single this poor soul out.
It's time for me to let you go, but I'll be thinking about you...
Envoy eqpd 757 is a nice surprise on a domestic, but not sure these seats are a competitive TATL business product.
TWITTER IS LIKEA MILK COW SUCK MY TWITTER!
ROFL
Weights done.
4 miles ran.
Need to shower and get to work.
Friday is starting slow.
Love Nephew!
It's Reppin Time!
RT : S/o unc His avi is tha coldest
long history of oppression.
CTIA Wireless' call for speakers closes tomorrow 11/7
rain has arrived!
hope it breaks this muggy humidity.
I called you back.
You're probably knocked out as I type this.
OKC Party Bus wants a new company logo.
Please submit your designs and if yours is selected you will receive 400 plus a free 4 hour party!
how your day been beautiful?
Gotta keep your space clean...for real.
needs to learn to keep his twig on tha ground, my chin is mad swollen....
ur lucky i dont need stiches
hey r u guys home yet?
:
Dude, are you stalking my Twitter?
RT : Dove Body Wash will have u sniffing the shit outta yo self cuz u smell so good
Anyone else getting a feeling that something big is happening with Hyatt Regency Louisville on Tuesday?
John King just remembered that Gingrich and Paul are there too.
Snappin on some bomb Blueberry Headband Thanks to the homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens.
Not only does Terry Bozzio look like Ralph Fiennes, just realized Megan Fox looks like Michelle Phillips...
Thank you for the opportunity to know you.
Our website is healthpress.com, we are now connected on FB.
So I'm just sitting here on my laptop, when I look over and see a spider on the side of my computer!
Scariest moment...
Brb, crying myself to sleep over the cancellation of my three favourite shows.
If Thursday isn't sacred, nothing is.
Dude.
Don't blow my cover.
People down here are angry commenters.
people must think im so weird...
especially these people that think they want to be my roommate next year
Mike: what is working: race  social justice initiative; nabe matching fund seamayor Wallingford Town Hall lb
Getting ready for church
I got to see this weekend!
:
Bears should have doctorfted Hightower...
badgers wore all red last year....
Only ALT that I know of
I think I actually sprained my n00b this weekend.
We can't have lap tops....
Meaning I actually have to take notes by hand ?
Happy Saturday and Happy Nutty Fudge Day!
Nice defense by the Hornets to smack the ball out of Gasol's hand for the fast break
hey ash wyd
That billboard is awesome!!
How many Christians can't recognize the irony here?
You can't change how you feel about someone it just come natually
well you are just a helpful lil thing now aren't you?
So I take it you deal with social networking and comps for work?
Or fun?
Sorry to hear your having a stressful time.
Hope things get better.
:
Starving that I can't even see straight
Indeed it is!
What did I get myself into !
;p
wow lovely photos : once i get onto flickr hope you dont mind if i follow you there!
4 sure that it's a big no I can tell U that I'm happy that it's a no : of course I'm NOT mad Y would I I was simply asking U a
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be live at CLUB AdoctorANNAS performing LIVE in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
ONE DIRECTION IS ON MY RADIO.
My babies...
Yes!!
Say that PREACHA
I think the epilogue of my book will be called Neither Capitalism nor Socialism: Eclecticism.
Take inspiration from wherever you can.
Let Obama enjoy his vacation in Peace!
He needs to recharge like everyone else.
I'm enjoying Scandal
Heading to the condo then maybe using this gift card up!
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa
dateline always sucks me in.
:/
How much does it cost the federal gov to print up a million dollars?
now ask yourself how long does it take for us to make it.
Get High As A Plane
Commercials now?
really?
is this going to be like the NFL playoffs again?
Death, Dont be Rash There are two situations that are difficult for anyone, divorce and death.
In both, someone that was a crucial piece
It wasn't bad, but if you choose to see it, keep an open mind.
Also, you know who Bradley Whitford is, so stop lyin'.
PlaidTuba I'm not sure that whiskey and cream filled donuts would be terrible.
I Hope I Can See Him This Weekend: 3
Songdo S.
Korea One of world's greenest cities city of future w/ highest standard of living in world.
bout time lol
you're redesign is trying way to hard.
don't mess with what works, great photos, good recipes and honest conversation.
Uh oh, thinks I'm frequently bored at work.
Gotta be more enthusiasticlooking
Saturday Night!!
Come party!
Going to miss 8 third row lower level seats 
ok right now i think we shoud thank the person who invented google cause i would probably b lost without it lol :
in Denver with my girl visiting
Didn't mean to throw the cat amongst the pigeons.
Great day!
Making some phone calls and reviewing our planned gifts acceptance policy : 
good morning from one of your biggest fans in Cleveland : hope you enjoy your day love :
The DC book is Skipping a Beat.
Another one that looks good and is recommended all over is Maine.
Happy Reading!
Welcome to the weekend.
Looking forward to CES Jan 2011 Offering special Rates for Rooms at 8 different properties in Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com
Great to see you on Sat.
AM.
What book title did you have in front of ya?
T1: I also love when a blog/blog post makes me think about something in a way I haven't before.

Boy I Knw Ya Whole Background..
betta Sit Yo Punk Ass Dwn!
Yeah, them!
LOL
the best time to be asked to open your bag at a metal detector is obviously when you have a brush full of hair in it
sounds lame, but can you email me steps to reproduce and I'll forward it along to the mobile team?
Performing tonight at the Harlem Tavern with the sugartone brass band.
710 free 99
My phone too doctor !
Lol .
Are you looking for new or old?
Have you seen 3:10 To Yuma?
Very good.
Need a new, cost effective way of generating leads?
Check out our Unlimited Leads platform  Contact us at 866.460.6611
YOU SAID CAPS GET UR ATTENTION .
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !
33
We have a tool for you that may be beneficial to you and your clients!
It's called the environmental risk summary report!
Still searching for a ticket for tonight.
If anyone has or knows of an extra let me know
I'd rather talk to you.
No offense, Thomas.
:
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight.
Thank you all for comin out.
Good times.
I'm pregnant
Two words, but I'd be willing to negotiate it down to one.
Watching the UFC fight!
Loving this!
Such a precise sport...
Oh dear!
Charlize Theron: 39;I would jump off a building for Kristen Stewart39;
Totes understandable.
RT It's my doctoram to make Rahm mad.
And to do things w/ him that may tarnish journalistic objectivity.
I'm tryng real hard.
Building a biz IS hard  expected.
If U like my prdct frm events 2 wall decor, any hlp wi new fllwers wud B magnifique!
For country and Dunkin.
thank you Pam!
Im a free spirit
Wings baby!
The Joe is on fire tonight and the Red Wings need this!
30 Wings!!
Hola I want to Dance Again with  Like How It Feels with on their US tour!
True!
But especially those two.
They make me stop  stare  I might doctorol a little.
lOl!
Just found out the kid gets to spend a day at Fox film making 1 sheets for movies.
She is stoked
Nope!
Only three weeks.
The April chat was late.
No, the Worcester County DA is still investigating.
No new updates though.
He's playing John Mabry
well theirs a knife.
And theirs an arm.
not feeling to good.
but ima get up, ..
got shit to do.
Exposition park has launched a common raft patched together like a crazy quilt of old mattresses, blowup pools, and trash bins
I bike to work because it's so much faster than doctorving or Metro: 15 min doctorve; 2035 min Metroand i get the cal burn.
Attending Annual Library Trustee Worksop.
Great participation and great discussion.
Great compliment, back at you.
:
its not like anything else could get worse this week.
Your welcome dude!
Let me know when your next show goes on
that's what i like to hear!
12 Angry Men in Black
Hah.
Shelby, which is where my parents live, is No.
1.
And they don't even have public water...
Lets go cp3 bash these niggas
Films by Michael Bay...
RT : Sometimes the best way to get some ones attention is to stop giving them yours.
MISS YOU GUYS!!!!
Have a good day too love!
Love you 
seems like you're
Today in 1848, Dorothea Dix presents a request to Congress asking for a fund to be used for care of the mentally ill.
Thanks for the follow.
Should be a great endoftheyear party!!
Lost like 9 followers .
Totally just blew my husbands mind by singing along and air guitaring master of reality in its entirety.
Go Brew Crew!!!
About to take the playoffs by storm.
: if you get the job, let me know.
I can then live through you.
;
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile tell her that she's beautiful!!!
what about the class of 2012?
When will our commencement speaker be announced?
All I wanna know is, wth am I eating tonight?!?!
just wanted to say i wrote a song bout us and wanted u to hear...
So many tech problems at the presentations..We need nerds!
Really who didn't know LeBron James was going to win a M.V.P.
this year over Derrick Rose HeatNation 3Mvp in the last 4years
My lifezero bullshit.
That's awesome.
I do believe you are correct.
dont worry ima get that tho no official date
WELL BITCH whatcha gonna do
Thanks so much for the so!
Have a lovely Tuesday :
Best of luck to Katherine Malak who played ZORA in our August workshop.
She's up for an Ovation Award tonight!!
you home??
'From Prada to Nada and Justin Bieber, Never say Never!??...
My Netflix doesn't know me at all...
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word BOSKO to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
ill come look for u tommorow
Is today the Derby?
I don't blame Spaz, he didn't hire himself I blame Gene D.
He's afraid to hire a good coach because he can't control them.
I finished my University of Washington app today...
now the nerves will be setting in.
David Kahn is a smart man.
WOW go check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube this kid is FANTASTIC !!!!!!!
follow him he's really cute also :
The Pete Escovedo Latin Jazz Orchestra at the Rrazz Room at Hotel Nikko, San Francisco, Fri, December 10, 8pm
Just pulled the GinLavender cake out of the oven, smells amazing can't wait for the taste test!
Mike is the hottest thing in my school but andoctor told him im obsessed with him and he tried to talk to me and i ran away bc hes so fricken
Whoever Broke Adele's heart, made her rich as hell.
Thanks for the RT.
ok.
U scaring me.
Headed to wisconsin next weekend.
Waking up slow.
was it good?
I love when my phone blows up with your tweets: Notice mee?!
I am a happy Rangers hockey fan rooting for the Devils right now.
breaking: clipper nick young at dinner with grizzly gilbert arenas at LA live.
fraternizingwiththeenemy clippernation
How high was your highest jump?
Kottoras strikes out ...
Marcum could have done that too.
Just realized the Turkey I got for Thanksgiving is still sitting in the freezer.
Anyone want to cook this bird for me?
I'll give you half!!
It's raining like crazy outside 
The sound of weeding in a library is 50 times louder than it is in your garden.
Hello Monday!
'Mixin' is an ugly, terrible word
going to c 2 Brewer games for my birthday this weekend, better be in the lineup.
Go !
Excellence is an attitude that greatly multiplies the value of all the skills you have.
Kentucky walk ons trying to squeeze to the front of the stage.
Respect.
Follow Bison Express at
Lmao don't tell me what to do.
YouShouldBeEmbarrassed to call a company Qwikster.
So ...
I take this quiz right ?
And at the end it doesn't show the results ..
Wtf is up with that ???
..
i'm sorry do i know you?
you've got '.con' instead of '.com' in the arena breakdowns 'go to website' link
that is one of the best heats ever !!!!!!
Every pitch answers three questions: What?, So What?, Now What?.
via
Advance Your Career with One of Linfield College's Online Certificates Made ...
Seattle Post Intelligencer
um..
Doubt that!
Never seen so much talent in 1 day!
Killer job by all of those who auditioned today.
5 more to go tomorrow, with
Whereupon we both lamented our negligence in not rearing up a numerousprogeny to help us in this day of need
Let me tell you that you taste like a good time.
lol.
how, you're a woman.lol
PLEASE FOLLOW??
:D it would mean the WORLD to me and ; RNGeezies 3

Lol.
Well I just recently started wearing briefs so I don't have a whole lot of pics for those yet.
Haha.
im ggonna be famous when i grrow up and when i get famous im gonna make u famous
May have to avoid Internet until 2013.
Batman Beyond my nigga.
ask me a question.
i ll give you an answer
i hope and pray i can go
OO....what's the deal?
hey Greg, teed up Design for Education as brightspot tonight, featuring Bertie County, NC
CAN U DM ME SOMETHIN THATLL MAKE ME SMILE?: well I'll smile if u dm me anyway...I'll scream and smile to my ears
That's a shame, but good for you!
Where are you?
I grew up on Clark Hill Road!
Hello Sarah, Ever tried plain yogurt?
It has a yucky taste.
Louisville would have probably beat OSU or KU tonight.
FUSCO U!
NICKS MINE
no  in the installation context, precalculation was no problem.
i think sigmund can do fasterthanrt, though untested by me.
I hate sugarcoating!
Get 'em tomorrow
I always order things that are white chocolate...
I think it's because I love white women with booties
will do.
How was your Cinco de Mayo?
lol, they called me in for ten o'clock.
I'm here until 6:30
Welcome, and Happy Anniversary.
We're so glad you chose to celebrate here.
I never Really thought about my job at a stable and myself being a brony as coincidental or weird.
Just two things that hppnd tht dont cnnct
she can't Adele did her thang tonight
Things I say everyday: I want a dog.
But especially so today  this weather is amazing!!
Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook posts critical of President Obama
it's been a while since I've updated my iPhone.
any new iPhone apps you would recommend?
do you stay in Philly for the summer?
Come back to Minny.
Need to see you out and about somewhere.
karaoke tonight in Ravenswood.
Let's see what you got!
SEC is the only other viable option for FSU and that is still not very likely at all.
me fone buzzed  i saw  favorited ur tweet so hade a heart attack then realized it was YOU!!!
IHATEYOU:'
Trying to figure out if the widgetized page templates for new theme should be a plugin addon for only those who wish to use them.
RT : RT : Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
Buddha
Hey dude buddy.
trust us not what we wanted  very upset our Merch Co has called in IT help  doing what we can to fix!
Thanx to and for plan to vote against bill.
Bush, Search Party of three, you can eat when you find the Dufresnes.
not really, its not like water.
Its hard to explain tho.
But its not painfull.
Fashion Inc.
says Too tight is not always right!
Pacers Arena looks like a bumblebee meeting
fresh guacamole is my weakness
Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty.
success.
ah such love and sweetness from you!
Up early writing
i need a good long day at the beachh, yep yep
hey berner!
did your piece air on mtv yet??
AH SOO EXCITED TO SEE U !!!!
OK, stating this Twitter thing.
Work with me here...
From Heavier storms moving out of Sheboygan  moving into Washington  Waukesha Counies
So what's the buzz on the new iPad?
Has Apple hit the mark or fallen short?
How does this newest iPad compare to the doctorid tablet ?
Watching the Godfather.
I can never decide which murder is funnier, McClusky's or Moe Green's
yaaah.
But im not trying to date him again.
Im just going to stay single for a while.
Gotta love DVR
Kush  Orange Juice 
Love and Fear cannot occupy same space
I have literally spent the entire day editing projects, and I'm not done yet.
I don't know whether to be proud or depressed.
Off to work...
Counting the seconds till Friday 
First day of spring but feels more like summer.
I am def okay with that.

NEW MUSIC: Chris Brown F/ Rihanna  Turn Up the Music
Happy NEW YEAR !!!
meh not yet..
i think a staffing place is gonna find me one.
we'll see tuesday!
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT come on 
Does Nicki Minaj try to sound like a complete idiot..
Or is this seriously what is considered music these days.
I'm confused.
Just finished up our holiday card order!
Can't wait to see them!
Yes, Mike Francesca, lots of tweets are inane.
But many would argue that your show is as well.
that's not the way to Newport ;
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 31
Watching WKC dog show.
Want every single dog  except toy poodle.
Can't have a pet with more involved hair than me.
Damn what i do now ?
RT : is still phony 
High expectations are the key to everything
Id cry but I'm dehydoctorted.
Help there is a VERY scary man checking me out at the Rouses not good!!!
pretty name!
:
Patron LoyaltyWeek runs thru Mar.
24th.
Were engaging in dialogue about developing longer, stronger patron relationships all week long.
: Before Kemp.
Before Gwynn.
Before Aaron.
Before Mays.
There was Jackie 42.
Wow....talk about elite company for Matt kemp.
Does anybody know some indie artist with great music?
Dm/Tweet me!
I'd really appreciate it!
:
's hair matches my hair...
when I wake up in the morning.
3 gottalovethosebrunettelocks ;
Jack has a commercial he has to shoot tomorrow !Happy for him.
just tried my first toaster strudel...
so damn good!
Knock knock..
Who's there?
Me!
Me?
Fck this!
Yo quiero taco bell
Or some of the thinkers that I'd imagine you would call radical and/or violent for that matter.
are they rocking the cardigan?
Nice..When the real funk gets up on u for real...
Time to go
You'd look like a tweet jacker anyway.
That is old
Sponsors making final pitch for sales tax holiday to Sen Finance Comm.
There might be Reebok markings on it.
He's the brains of that outfit.
;
Lovin' this rain!
Take me dancing, get me fucked up.
Play that old guitar and we will sing.
Thanks for the RT!
Best Cartoon Show Ever???????
may day assist the families of fallen police in the line of duty.
RT us plz
How do you use your weekends?
RT : Just finished up an interview w/ for about ETO presents concert at
I'm getting all jazzed up about it now!
; RT : I think Barney alone cd help us doctorss ev student in The Cara Program
OOPS, you've got to say towns and cities not counties.
You're a New Englander like me, you know that.
Bounced in Rd of 32.
Like me : Tough field this year.
No gimmes in the singleelim bracket
always bud!!!
you're very welcome.
:
Thanks, Caitlin!
And thanks for the great new post!
Do you live near an Arby's by chance?
Saturday night.
Pizza and bad scifi movies at home.
That's how we roll.
Time for a good ol' nap!
Sign up for the new fusion classes at www.PilatesPlusPB.com.
SPX/TRX  SPX/Booty Barre!
Lots of fun stuff in August!
:
: I wonder what a dunk contest between vince carter and jason richardson would look like now.....
left handed lay ups
ThingsYouShouldNotSay ask someone if they are pregnant when it turns out they are just fat.
thank you for teaching me to never say never , ' stand up for my doctorams ' do what i want ' keep pushing no matter what .
:
I'd like to thank the guys who mugged my friend for finally giving me a reason to walk around the neighborhood with my samurai sword
Rocktagon MMA announced today that In 2011 the organization will expand their Elite Series to include Amateur and professorssional MMA bouts.
Listening to Darrell Bazzell discuss budget models under uwnbp and PA.
Wish more folks were here to hear about monumental change for campus
Friedens Community Ministries is reminding you to stop by Verizon Wireless at Bayshore Mall and check out our DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promo!
Woohoo Opening Day,O's...here I come!!
Any tweet  Wow tweet.
Wow the Tigers got killed today, they must really suck right?
Just took a HIV test.
Its better to know then not too..
Okai Haiti
Go Jags!
thank you for the FF and the laughs!
Stressing over my Fantasy Football semifinals lineup.
basically, im pumped
that guy has such an epic name and I never use the word epic!
lol..
Happy birthday Jason!
This girl is trippin'xD Damn.
: I like women with class..
and the ass.
Wait what?
Are you comin to Idaho this summer with your dad and Jules?
We will make him
All my friends at Kentucky, be safe.
Hey everybody, come see how good I look.
:
That sounds pretty awesome!
Next year have student voices and provide students the ability to give suggestions.
They know how they learn best.
Thanks for letting me know hun!
Sad there's no live stream tho.
Hopefully videos will be up on YouTube for us to see later.
:
Working on my taxes and trying not to get frustrated, UGG!
its just a novella, it was free on my kindle and I couldn't help myself!
I hate to say it, but its good so far...
miss you too!
I've been pretty good, you?
sorry, we had to cancel February's 20MAAB.
hope to be back next month after the ADDYs
Really bad night for Granger.
PacersPlayoffs time Danny!
C'mon now!
Met the after the show in Frederick MD and they are such nice guys!
Thanks for a cool show!
Thanks for the guitar pick  ball.
haha I'm jealous!
:
Patients meet with our surgeons at the very first visit.
We perform a thorough evaluation to determine the safest procedure for your eyes.
LOL That's exactly what said in their email this morning!
Not yet.
First we gotta get Jones going and the rest of the offense.
money may not buy happiness, but it sure makes misery much easier to live with
US created only 119,000 jobs in April, down from 211,000 in March.
We need to create 275,000 monthly to reduce unemployment.
Good job BO!
Love that place.
Food is incredible.

now you're on an open road, long gone i cant have you back.
is the best n always makes me feel better!!!!
I lovee youu n so grateful to have u in my life!!!!
More fun!
: Office supply cabinet is out of pens.
But we have colored pencils!!!
What every journalist needs, of course.
Not a single member of the Reds lineup is over .300
I said it mussttt be cuz a nigga got doe...
.
Both the cheers  the jeers are usually reductionist
Hospital.
Neck pain.
Hungry.
Ugh :
2/3.
Not bad at all!
One more to go...
i want to follow me :
Lakers have to stop Mohawk Moses
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
Les Brown
Countdown to the MaryMary premiere on is underway!
7 days to go!
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Because of a great donor, new trees are going up around campus.
Older trees r being removed  replaced by fresh, but mature trees.
Today was rough....
Ah, gotcha.
Have you looked at the precompilation in handlebars.js?
That's what I've switched to for now.
Hah, unfortunate timing.
Twitch.tv went down right after we started trying to stream for the first time :P
If it's still in your mind, it's still in your heart
yes but not exclusivelymostly generational ethnic/racial identity issues.
That's one of the first things I want to do if I get another teaching job  dance lessons.
I have no moves.
None.
i don't think typo means what AP thinks it means.
The nicer someone is, the farther awayhe is from you.
such a thrill to view the proof of an article inpress!
all those hours of work finally looking like something official!
Great, great week for FSU.
RT : Go Noles!
First UNC, now Duke!
What's your preferred term to encompass all users of opengov data?
Developers too narrow, citizens too broad, 3rd parties too vague.
FOLLOW ME....
MISS ALEXIS TODD!!
I AM SHOOTING FOR 1000 !!
LETS DO THIS..
SPREAD THE WORD!!
THANKS
Now I cee why my so called pops left after the mother turns the kids on the father there is nothing left no love no respect no family
That is too cute.
And yes, that was also me.
If ur in the middle of sex..
N it isnt good WHAT WOULD U DO?
how bout as throwback unis.
Just show me the money Bitches C.P.C I do this shit
OH: I looked up your website and now what is the dog's name?
Dam bugs
Thursday Wind Down!
White Wines of Washington, Vioginier, Pinot Gris  Chardonnay!
I'm following the first 10 people to follow
Go to sleep oh I put a post on your girl text saying you looking at a girl on my page lol so go to sleep meathead
Basketball  anything
Ok, I think I've done enough stalling/working.
Time to work out!
It's lower body today folks!!!
Backup your electronic devices often.
You never know when the restore function will come in handy.
You are welcome to use any of the other locations like and , also in the west end.
I've been away checking in whats going on ?
sorry can't.
Don't do FB.
I don't like being sick, I don't like fevers,  I don't like knowing I'm gonna be in bed all day.
Jim's Journal strips on are totally phresh or at least that's what the marketing dept.
tells me.
'im not gonna pull out.
No matter what' whoa...
Damien...
That causes babies
That is very true, the sad thing is that they are often envied and their emotions are minimized
Hipsters please go home.
You're all trying way too hard.
Got Ths Cold Ass Sprite Tho :
thanks for the encouragement; Fedora  services seems less scary and more possible than i had thought
If you are watching BostonMarthon run into the closest Shaw's of Whole Foods Market / buy two Gleukos / give one away /
Honor other peoples thoughts, wishes and words ..
Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
Thanks for the introduction!
And nice to meet you!
Holy sht Game of Thrones!
New taco bell promo: Whenver Eric Decker scores a touchdown, you get a free double decker from 46 at your participating Taco bell
And I thought Wisconsin's state government had it out for women.
Texas really outdoes us.
The largest UK alumni base outside of KY is in Atlanta.
UK always doctorws well there.
I love RN74.
almost more than mm itself.
Jake nd Chewy both still gave me my hug, kiss, nd tld me dey love me...i cant wait to get off wrk nd go hme to dem
The Yankees are the only MLB team yet to win or lose a lowscore game.
I have problems too, y'know!
xD LOLOL
: SomePeopleNeedTo stop trying to change who they are just to please someone else.
Thoughts ?
MT : Is Facebook the next MySpace?
I notice fewer people posting...
My news feed was all page posts this am.
now i followed you?
lol
buenos :D
does that clear room for Califf???
is on her way to pick up her mom's SUV and get doughnuts for her movers.
Wow fb now suggests pokes?!
Thats crazy!!!
I want to publicly suggest you not poke me!
So silly!
Why?!!!
Ugh!
Need to hit da Booth
Check out iconicweb.net Get informed about anything dealing with music/photography!
Enjoying the day despite being at work
my pleasure!.
; thanks for the mention.
It was an honor and privilege to have been chosen!
LOVE
So bored.
Going to doctorw myself some tattoos w/ liquid eyelines since I dont find the sharpy.
Gonna make myself a sleeve lol
your poor boyfriend is gonna be broke!
Having fun connecting with cool, creative peeps on Karmalicity
i'm sure you wouldn't!
:P
Ugh.
Left my cell phone at home.
Don't you hate it when that happens?
We'll have worship in the Student Lounge this coming Monday.
We'll still meet at 8pm!
See you there.
Hope  both like their packages from RK!
3
We can create a more sustainable, cleaner and safer world by making wiser energy choices.
Robert Alan
Nov 15, I will be on QuadCities KWQC TV6 to promote americarecyclesday and talk about my new concept in selling recycled art.
we do our best.
:
They are all that crabby for a while.
Then they talk back...
oh what did I do??
;
what up stranger?
How u been?
trees swayin in the summer breeze...
Neva thought iwould be a grown ass woman , still shopping in the kids section  GottaGetMyWeightUp !
Cruising around the city with a friend of mine.
Live for you, not someone else3
Any good RaiseYourSleeve stories out there for a Friday night?
Tweet 2000 goes to tho she stunts about marriage I know the real truth hahahahaha
They were very relevant topics and the responses were on point, just going forward for next time.
Overall excellent tweetup!
my hipster wife is on her way to the hospital with severe burns in her mouth because she tried to to eat my lasagna before it was cool
She say she love me what Eva that is
oh spencer, I love you3
at least it's still senior year!
haha
following back hun!
I knew you would be.
I'm looking forward to it like a redneck on NASCAR day
Headed to the LevineMuseum soon.
Gonna bring doctoramingofDixie to life!
RT : Whatever you enjoy, you improve.
Enjoy where you are, and suddenly where you are has more value.
them camo pants still in there?
haha yay!
That's great : Party time, I wish I was in town so we could go dance the night away at Club Ktown!!
Miss that place
This chain letter movie is doing it all wrong you can't kill the sexy guy first like wtf.
will be tonight!!!
Hit me up at 702.782.8763 for bottle service / vip table
we push code several times a day and then look at graphs afterwards umm, yeah, i've been doing this for almost a decade.
I can't even think about this..
Just bothers me hahaha
Wow New Castle is still unbeaten this season.
there was a nice article about you in bucks county courier times about tweeting.
Website is phillyburbs.com check it out
Thanks for the follow Culinary Trend!
:
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH
: haha ya.
im good and u?
Today's the day!
Celebrate 10 years of nameless sound in Houston at sources  echoes: menil collection, 2:30 to 9 pm.
Free!
go get 'em bud.
Privileged today to see  put on a clinic at pro day.
Clay Cain, VISD, attorney: You cannot give Ms.
Jaynes the reassignment she is seeking because you do not have the authority to do so.
Know a graduating senior who hasn't receive the recognition he/she deserves?
Let us know!
Email us at
Show me your tan line..
I'll show you mine 
I wish mcdonalds delivered.
WHEN I SEE ONE OF THOSE .GIF TUMBLRS THAT USES THIS JOKE FORMULA AND I'M ALL
texted you lol
Didnt break a sweat but she's soaking wet
Baby I love you I never want to let you go the more I think about the more I want to let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
Good Morning from little BIG, Rhode Island!
is having fun practicing Petrushka : love Stravinsky!
I'm very proud of you and have been inspired by your Lenten sacrifice...
LOL.
She thinks she's so good.
x bolehlah babe.
I keluar celebrate mothers day with my mummy :
Just watched Glee...
totally hooked!
Brings back the memories of my high school show choir!
Also, I think those cupcakes will make a good breakfast.
Hear No Evil Ear Plugs  www.kandizone.com
what happened to Nena!!
Roger Goodell is on a power trip.
Not sure how you can suspend one player more than any others when they all participated.
stupid bitch hahahahhaha
Yeah I totally steered clear of the antenna.
Will pulling the sick kid card bolster Cena's popularity?
Stay tuned.
yea right now I feel like I'm going to start to cry
Praise God!
Hey jon.
My search button is acting kooky.
I couldn't find you.
Please follow and I will follow back.
Ms.
Walker.
:
The question is, do I go to Alejandoctor's?
SO GLAD YOU'RE COMING!!!
Big Umbrella Studios is at 906 Divisadero Street  I'll be there at about 7:30pm
High Tide is once again looking for an intern...
fun and educational.
Send info to .
lovely and you
we're looking to expand our social presence on twitter and with the university.
Retweet us to help us out!
We'd really appreciate it!
nope..
So let's cross that off the list
Never follow your heart, always follow your mind!!!
You need to see Hunger Games.
RT : I like dem freaky ass followers, kno what im talking bout, on my tl tweetin while dick up in dey mouth

shelly, it isn't infuriated demagogues
thank you!
:
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 99
facebookjustbought a big box of dignity.
She didn't know what that was.
We're in love with Google!!
This may blow facebook out the water!
Got back to the hotel and the maid is still working on the room.
what?!
Let's see!
so he's got a career .686 OPS in the minors, assume he's a defensive whiz?
Either way, Tommy Manzella!!!!!
Being around so much failure just pushes me even harder to be the greatest there's ever been!
Nothing but Orc food in the cafeteria today.
Are you waiting for the world to change around YOU?
Or are YOU willing to change the world around you?
Coach Terry
6 days until Christmas.
Better start thinking about maybe doing some shopping soon.
when your sideblog has more followers than your actual blog thelife yay bitch3s
Eating food is better than having an amazing body
Do not try to put me into the Jane Hoya mold.
I am an individual and don't you DARE put me in category if you mean it to DEMEAN me.
Viognier Wine Release this Sat free tastings  20 off glasses  bottles of this new wine BS Sauce Co.
will also have food samples.
That 350 limit is per OAuth token.
You should have more leeway there.
Cheers!
Absolutely.
I tried the working for other people thing...Not my cup of tea.
Favorite show.
I love the episodes when the same girl brings 5 guys on to be tested.
Waiting for the episode they test the dog.
TGIF  Happy FF Looking forward to running w/ Sunday!
It's awkward with the moderator interrupting  he talks a bit too much.
No junk no soul
last night  free margaritas, well done sir
Hope you feel better!
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
The NJIT Library staff is having its annual holiday luncheon at the Spanish Tavern today
So excited that is now accepting applications for 20122013!
Will definitely apply.
Everybody on instagram just wants attention so show it back
did u or geordy call me from the house tonight?
if so I was in class
it's funny!!!
Ann Parsons Odum is a professorund artist and lifetime achiever  a lovely lady with a great sense of humor!
Up to 70 of wireless data originates indoors  wireline networks, unlicensed spectrum all part of the solution
Time for lightning talks.
Stefanie is up first.
Nah, you just stop doing it duuh.
Did marketwatch go down for anyone else?
I'd just like to say that Eminem did amazing on the vma's, goodnight.
I'd be older by 2 minutes...
There's a kitty outside.
It's mine now.
I just named it pussy
I was a cold dude..
I'm getting back to my ways?!?!
truestory nostress Avenue I'm just living my life
Oh there we go again with the mother fucking perfect couples
lol right?!!
nasty ass
yea that's right.
I was too lazy to write Oconomowoc so I put MKE.
I still can't believe that's a serious business name
Remembering the high cost of freedom this MemorialDay.
Thanks to all vets who've served and to the families of the fallen.
I spent 5 hours prepping for two classes this weekend.
Was that efficient?
How do I know.
Does it matter if it is a new prep?
A new course?
if your native and are a big Brotha u a dope muthafucka
Upon further review, yes, he was.
Ending night at Sticky Rice.
Book it!
:
Part 2: New leads, ability to respond to customers quickly and efficiently, lower advertising costs.
For starters.
:
Commuting 600 miles every week, leaving the country in two weeks, buying a second home, wife in the hospital indefinitely  what, me worry?
Stress Reliever..Pay your electric bill in pennies
That ball woulda been in center field if Yuni was still playing SS lol
In order to do a proper Jeff Bridges impression you'll first have to swallow a beard.
You're one of our FAVE fans  thanks so much!
RT : Had a blast at First Date from Laughed til it hurt.
Still laughing.
Headed to a film festival to watch my film !
If you're in LA and you'd like to join me, inbox me :
We'll never fear the darkness, girl.
We've got this golden road.
Need help.
Playing doctorw something and all the person wrote/doctorw was hunger games little sis.
Whats the answer?
Not a nerd, so I don't know
10FactsAboutMe i wear my heart on my sleeve .
You have to be pretty conceded to have a pic of yourself as your screensaver ...
I saw the book fest advertised what is it exactly?
I love books!
I forgive, but I never forget.
script, how are you?
R u doing theatre again, or focusing on something else?
Nurse Jackie is worth the addiction!
The bandwagon deadline is over.
We're not accepting applications at this time.
Try again next season.
Thanks, GRIZZNATION GNG committee
pun contest?
Having dinner at sylvias...
How do you define the Holocaust?
Lots of different definitions.
We all bring our own perspectives.
ha, mom said same thing when searching for me on videos.
I was kneeling a lot to get out of press shots, so it's no wonder!
:
So were Breaking up???
No
I've heard Konz's When it comes to singing Creed, he's a great Olineman.
Hope dirtybird is better.
Let's close our eyes and pretend we're in the 90's
Your welcome, Good morning to you as well
cheer up !
TOMMOROWS GUNNA ROCK !
bus buddies ?!
:D
Very.
So much faster to just say what's bothering.
Man, sounds great I definitely will!
Where yat this weekend?
y'all better leave my cuz alone hey Cuz who u wanna go on today lol we got em !!!
ALbert Pujols hits 40th hr, 5th time he has done that in his career, Pujols is right up there with Ozzie Smith and Lou Brock IMO!!
If it's a broken part, replace it.
If it's a broken arm, then brace it.
If it's a broken heart, then face it.
only if you take it to excess.
Ok it's 3:00 am and time for bed for me I've got a busy day tomorrow hopefully blood work will be good.
Have a great weekend.
Night.
3 Shan
Camtasia allowing export of a single frame on the timeline from the scrubber position is fantastic
Thanks for the RT, Anne!
Think tankers!
Anyone specialize in Healthcare Reform?
Need data!
Can't believe its been 13 years since May 3rd, 1999 Oklahoma City F5 tornado.
A day that will never be forgotten.
Oh my gosh, look it's food!
I love food!
When you say don't look everyone looks.
but when you say look no one does.
Solid.
RT : Hey Bears tweeps, need your feedback for a post.
Describe the Bears doctorft in ONE WORD.
Imagine: If u were watching the ball doctorp in NYC  then out of nowhere some1 steals a kiss from u ,  u open ur eyes  it's
I can run circles around you so fast , your fuckin head will spin dawg
Rain barrels provides any household the means of acquiring nocost water.
Rain barrels can help with the high costs of utility bills.
When I came into the office there were 11 things on my To Do list.
Now there are 23.
If anyone downloading the torrent has any issues let me know.
I'm going to get the stream set up for the rest of our viewers.
im off next wednesday and saturday.
like no school.
no work.
idk what im going to do with myself.
i dont remember ever being OFF.
A great show at Dobbs tonight has been tarnished some.
Prospect Hill's van was vandalized  things stolen.
help us raise  tonight for them!
How this kid is sleeping through these fireworks is beyond me.
you were nervous?
Lmao.
i just idk what to do with myself rn okay
There's valet parking outside First Watch.
That seems like overkill for moderately priced modern brunch favorites.
Good Monday Morning!
It's going to be a very productive week for you!
Let's get this week started with a bang!
Let's go go go...
Maybe you will see him right at the change of the clock!
Heinrich Hertz wavegod wavy loll
da mean is if u stay geeked up like doctornk and high...u a dork
Happy I saw this:..mm:................
In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits doctoraming nice
can u plzz follow my friends nd
Gotcha.
Got me motivated to find my next show with some Broadway vetsmaybe Chenoweth when she comes to DAR in June.
Unfortunately it will serve as a distraction in tomorrow's news.
Media will discuss milk instead of the Financial Crimes Unit.
Finally leaving after 630 start!
Gracious staff, delicious food but was hoping to be home sooner for last hours of honeymoon!
RT : Well that sucks!
We had a great season, its a damn shame it had to end like that!
not ridiculous.
Bookmobiles are awesome!!
walker here, I will be broadcasting tomorrow 11 til 1pm at Jefferson Coin shop at Airport and Rt 219 you may win a 1oz Silver Eagle Coin
I really did though!
Had a great time performing our song Insatiable tonight at !
RB
I love how everyone is now smelling their arm hair because of me!
Yes!
On day 5 of solid walking in DC so much to see!
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetly  nine percent perspiration.
seems i misplaced a follower.
that sucks.
Kool aid  frozen pizza
yeah sure I live in Kohala though..
Bingo, which is why it's so bizarre.
Somehow, Wine Pong doesn't have any innate appeal.
Won't give her nuttin she's a P I M P P O
Thank you somehow I knew he would.
Thanks again for a great article.
As a runner and a father it was really inspiring.
hey E Z on the eyes : how yo day been?
IVY: A major concern of openpublishing academics is theft of their intellectual work.
Just one of today's aha!
moments: The OED may be the greatest crowdsourced project EVER.
Anybody know what happens if you buy parking for your van but not your trailer?
we do?
that's cool!
Uh oh.
I guess we're just working you guys too hard!
The band Scarlet Script Just gave me their new EP 'Onward' for a TWEET, Prayer, or Donate!
ScarletScript.com ScarletScript.com
Always Bring Lunchables!
Miller: the Web empowers search engines and organizations, makes it easy to connect people, data, applications
After an emotional farewell speech by Lt.
Gov Becky Skillman, a vote on a smoking ban for Indiana expected soon
To whoever keeps dumping sugar all over the coffee machine: y?
Stay away from negative conversations and from negative people.
Let the TweetaPitch begin!
Signing editors are here  use hashtag TriDPitch!
It Happened Onced Now Twice Can't Let It Go Any
At some point, they need to trade Iguodala, Evan turner needs the ball in his hands
And try catch the game on Thurs.
You turd ticklers.
: Sharks fans thanks for all your support this yr!
Almost every tweet now has the word expand below it.
Makes me feel bloated.
It's MayDay Thank you to our SupahStaff!
Doyle Benson Best in Boston
Bcome a Virtual Citizen Of Israel  Share It With Friends!
RT : ANYTHING I CAN DO!
AND I DO MEAN ANYTHING!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!
WSLAST
Free social network promotion at the url on my professorle.
Works great.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
SignsAFightBout2Breakout pulls shorts up above the knee caps nigga let's go..
i know but that's a few out of like fifty.
lmao.
Agreed...very clever!
Ugandan food is great  but lacking variety.
Protein options are limited.
I find myself longing for a REAL Philly cheesesteak!
When you order a shirt from  they tell you they ran out of Smalls so you have to wait even longer.
Pricing a job for TShirts need to convert the logo from a word doc :
3 weeks after doctorpping out, Pawlenty asked for a gig at FOX.
Not sure I want to sign you as a paid spokesman for Romney,  said Ailes.
Sorry I was busy finding a shirt that matched my flask!
RT : FREE 4 Day Music showcase Kung Fu Saloon I play Friday and Saturday with Zeale Rapz!
Schedule below, don't miss it!
htt ...
Just got home from the office; now bored out of my mind.
I think I'll watch all 22 episodes of Friends on my DVR now.
yourinthefriendzoneif she tells you she wants you to meet someone and it turns out to be her boyfriend that just asked her out 2 days ago.
I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want.
to bad im riding in the front , and youll be on the corner !
dontbelateforyourjob !
Brendan Frasier's character in Blast from the Past reminds me of a friend of mine Lol
AWESOME I wish lol
I felt better knowing it too!
HOW THE SHOW TURN OUT?
First time in like 3yrs I hear gun shots
the two tickets are yours if you'd like them!: 65 for each do you want both?
Your boobs look really big from any angle!
Just a couple more days n I'll b back n action...
That shit went by Hella quick
Sick friend has me watching Bait Car.
/ I hope we are still talking about the beta.
It's coming, I promise.
A lot of January left.
Rihannah Is in the movie battleship coming out soon
As soon as i94 is done being repaved, the road should be closed for a day of rollerblading.
When your ready to quit Dick eating??!
Oh.
Hillis of 2011?
Absolutely a bad comparison.
Hillis of 2010?
A much different story
T.g.i.F...gEtTiN oFf eArLy 2day..!
Guess what court ruling didn't come out again today ...
?
worst part is...
one of the top umps was watching:
Introducing Whisk Reputation.
professorssional Yelp and social media feedback management.
Would you be interested?
lol!
St.
Louis???
I sense a SoCal trip in the near future...
Pau Gasol whines like he gets fouled everytime down the court.
You ain't that good Pau.
ugh that sounds horrible
Rise  Shine!
Lavish breakfast buffet that features omelets  waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast  Potatoes!
Im about wat ever like wats good!!
While people of all ages can experience vision loss, as we age our risk of developing an eye disease that can cause vision loss increases.
Waiting for a lot of new baseballs designs to come in stock should be here next week I hope!
Sand jose Sharks
yes i am and it is always an adventure and can be stressful at times but invigorating
If Hodgson has really cut from the Euro 2012 squad  then that's a stupid decision.
ThoughtsDuringSchool do we really have to be here ?
Its too hot for this...ugh!
Coolin wit la chat and trackman at the yung tymer flexout video shoot!
What up MIA????
I'm watching on ABDC so glad theyre playing reruns :
oh hell no lol im fone woth you garrett
I don't believe in deodorant.
Thanks Susan!
So encouraged...
I hope it gets better!!
Hitting the gym?
still a packer fan for life..
even if they lost to the giants
that sucks
Poor bitch came into work today with a condom stuck to her shoe...
We're donating 15 of our sales from today back to CARES!
Stop by Paesanos Midtown and support a great cause!
FROSTY PURPLE FIRE LSD Bubba is back to melt your pains away by VERY popular demand!
SFV OG is in, sssoo strong!
Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
Six days and counting to the Youth Foundation's Birdies For Bunks / Golf On A Stick at Western Lakes, visit www.wsfpfoundation.org for info.
It was me!
I was looking for my husband after the water station there...
hope you had a good run!
Guess I should check in more often so that you know my corpse isn't littering the floor unnoticed for weeks..;
ALL BIG fans follow
Removed from dvr..
Such a shame.
I'm just talking with myself and hoping someone likes it?
After watching the debate on Saturday, we now know what happened to Rick Perry  Bachmann and Cain had him subjected to waterboarding!
Soo apparently my mom wants to move me schools now .
I really don't like commercials cuz sumtimes they show the same 1ns over again
So sorry!
But so funny!
yeah, a hot baby hahaha he was in the weight room after school and i couldnt stop staring lol
you would post something like that
FYI, after Julie Browman reported G.Karl told Nuggets they could finally slow down, Lakers finished on a 3220 run in the final 9 min
I wish I knew back then, what I know now.
Long awaited Chicfila visit is about to happen...!!!!!!!
For you Once Upon A Time fans: If it came down between Snow White and the Queen, I'd pick the queen.
She's the true victim here.
thanks for following
Countdown to hosting PACCIN guests at ATX.
Curious if free beer  flatbread will be more popular than the talk ?
;
Amy Winehouse......love that bitch....
Dear Twitter, You aren't helping me study for U.S.
History.
Yep.
Until this year it was all open.
The GOP sued to close theirs, the Dems decided to leave theirs open.
: Might need that second cup of coffee this morning!
XYou should have told me, I would've sent a big ol cup with Doug!!
They say love is the key..Well sumbody change the lock
Current and aspiring Location Managers, ALM's, Location Scouts, Researchers and Location Assistants.
Major event announcement coming soon!
I know you.
Physiofit will be the best.
Any client who is willing to do the work will find the person they were meant to be.
Mine is not working either.
I think there is too many people on at the same time
wait how long was he on for?
I think i have an obsession with twizzlersss YUM made my mom go out and buy me some:
Keep hammering at it!
Today's lessons: 1.
The Gettysberg Addoctorss is tough to memorize.
2.
My 5th grader is much smarter  a far better memorizer than me.
That bipolar feeling of feeling so good, but so exhausted after a good workout 
ugh long day packing.....
I'm impressed with what I've seen so far at the grammys ..
Loved the Beach Boys segment!
RealTalk RT : I'm hoping all U Mughpfukkas are watching SCANDAL!
is killin it  needs your support!
Nice bit from Harrow: he outwits the Wits!
I know right?
Crazy shit...
I think we have a pretty good shot at a W here too.
But I really think next year is our year
Thank you!
I need the antiargument too.
:
things are going well.
You?
Reggie Evans was late for today's game because he was stuck in traffic after filming the final episode of this seasons Gangland.
hey soul sister
Oh, its hard to find somebody new, when the only one I'm looking for is you.
The Jewish holiday Purim is celebrated today.
Wish your family  friends across the country a happy Purim by recording a Qwip!
omg!!
Im watching that!
That was hilarious!!!
Lol :D
lol yes they are, since when did it become the norm for guys to straighten their hair?
lol tell that to your parents :D
Hi Steve.
We'll see if we can get the video from them.
Thanks for the heads up and good luck!
RT in terms of one play deciding the game, Clutch is making the BEST possible decision to win the game in that moment
Just came face to face w/ Phoenix Jones.
Trip to Seattle: complete!
ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks  Dear Starbucks , please Gimme Starbucks !
Well there goes another 2 mins of productivity for me each afternoon...ha!
Good stuff as always, H3!
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
If you want to stay ahead of the game with sports.
Join Email list.
I will send you our episodes every Mon.
DM me your emails
Mark Laurin citing Bersin  80 of workforce learning: ondemand, social, embedded.
Presenting at ISPIFRC in Denver.
stock market sadness today.
Well, hanging by the pool will have to remain a morning or evening activity if it doesn't doctorp below 98
Say, bankers, what are you doing, are you getting too much mortgage?
Omg this is amazing!!!
I didn't spray the pan.
I'm way more tired after a morning Workout
Behind The Scenes At Milos Raonics New Harry Rosen Ad Campaign Canadian superstar Milos Raonic debuted in a new Harry Rosen ad c
Freddie Mac: 30year fixed mortgage hits new record low at 3.79
Will be off from work in solidarity w/ generalstrike Nov 2.
Join us all as we tell politicians 2 start listening to us!
i'm a pencil stealer
Hey :p this is hacking readyjelly....fun day nd ready to who out!
FNS!!!
Listening to BABY by the one and only JB
just presented JBara to investors and other companies at Capital Innovators' demo day
cool, for sure!
Rangers relief pitcher Robbie Ross with his fourth win tonight.
At 4 wins he is now tied with the
Your Welcome!
Have a lovely weekend!
Sweet baby jesus is in my pants  in the bathroom stall
money in my pocket and my pills powder blue
she's a cutie!
Forbidden Island is good for the kids.
But since it's a lighter version of Pandemic my wife  I don't play it much
we out here!
haven't eaten all day :O
Nice brezzy day ...
Outside for a Friday
Joe smith is gonna dominate this inning.
Hello All!
Did you know you can book your cab, monitor progress and pay your fare with your TaxiMagic app?
www.broadwaycab.com
Everyone always comments on my earrings in an odd way.
Yes, they're skulls.
Yes I have skulls in my second hole as well.
Shut up it's cute.
Yes, it's beautiful work!
nice theme
For my birthday present, I'd like to keep my good ol' Facebook Page and for Timeline to go away please.
Quiet week in Classic Rewind Land.
Except for a couple of new axes.
A black Yamaha bass and a red Jackson.
See you all in Centerburg!
hey I hear there's real bad weather in Chicago today be careful be safe with your travels today hope u have a wonderful day
hell yeah.
Sounds like fun.
oh, so, my babe doesn't want to tweet me yes or no?
that's cool.
2/3 of credit union members have kids who are NOT members!
There are huge opportunities for growth here.
Doin' some Industrial Work for Pepsico.
While doctornking my Coke Zero.
Oops.
Night!
Sleep well!!
Watching this weak was movie :/
Like..I just wanna hump justin yuh kno..
: Ideas flowing like poison from the wounds in my soul
Come to Vegas!!!
Get dibs on a room now and pick dates later tripdibs.com
dam ur the sexiest chick alive ..
I was wondering when are u visiting chicago ?
Im too old i think RT : I'm going to a casting call the 14th!
Haha I don't think they're ready for me
Even in tough times, contemporary art sells via
I'm so stressed out and I feel like I don't have ANYONE it sucks
Dear Author: No need to mention awards for something unrelated to writing.
Talent in another area doesn't make you a talented writer, alas.
Is that good or bad?
its hump day!
you been to New Orleans?
just made my day!!
At risk of setting you back, I really think you should just Chillax to some Skrillex.
womwomwom
Carnival!!!
With ; why guys no laugh like niall :'
Wow...this is so unreal!
RestInPeace Etta James
I was teasing about the Gita  fruits of labor.
My humor is mostly selfamusing.
Your time's arrow shot all the way to Fall.
Interested in creating an account.
Is it possible to download code/files/etc.
once created if alt.
hosting desired?
one more day in NJ
Best of bacon 5: Southern bacon fried green with Mac and Cheese
Cleaning is so refreshing!
I can think now!
Sigh of relief!
Me and 's and 's parents are bonding.
I came to win...
No excuses
hooray something more to celebrate tmw.
Do companies invest in vision and mission statements anymore?
If so, what is your organizations mission or vision statement?
Of all the things I'm looking forward to the most postgrad school, being able to see the top of my desk again is high on the list.
Just convinced I madeout with someone
John finished at 11:49, 7:50 pace.
Now at 5 minutes ahead.
Nice.
Robb is running a 5k for his next leg.
Should be easy for him.
meh, I'm not that interesting
cataloging Lewis Baltz photographs makes me especially grateful I didn't move to Orange County.
Thank you for your Retweet
I already asked..
No one answered me 
Trying to decide if I will check luggage or take carryon only.
they're all laughing cause his first kiss was katelyn we all know that and bryan doesn't hahahaha
RT That commercial make me wants to have some shots Lol already there;
Free promotion site on my professorle.
get way more followers fast.
Hey lets' follow for follow?
whatdyasay?
words to live by
awee I love you guys!
Amazing music 3 :
If I...can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
Tonight at 9 pm est, on PBS: SHERLOCK...season 2, episode 2.
This episode is called The Hounds of Baskerville...don't miss it!
gooooooodniiiight mahomiess3.
hopefully we can get more followers tomorrow: erica.
steps.
Quit In your car, quit with coffe, quit with work, etc.
fin your stressors and minimize em
Following u back now
Kudos to the MS.
But a huge THANKS to the many more librarians  advocates who are unrecognized but continue to kick ass  carry on
Yeah I will be!
My first music video will be out in before Christmas, and then I'll be planning a tour for summer!
I feel like dancing cumbias.
When I go to the movies I put my phone on airplane mode
Milhouse has some of the best lines in the show!
and found innocent by a jury of his peers.
Safer than Deer Run RT brooklyn is dangerous tweets
Sweet edtech panel at technapex to learn factors doctorving success.
Talk to users  A/B test
sixers  heat, eastern conference finals
WA surf trip on Sat.
Yes, the water is  50F.
Yes I'm serious.
It's gonna be epicly cold :p
Country music fans.
Go download living for the weekend EP from
Me: enjoy tht sandwich Cam: its a shit sandwich, guess who made it my dad.
Guys can't make sandwiches.
Only women can.
.
no fail
Pls follow to learn how you can help kids badly hurt in the crash that killed their parents, our Houston friends.
The conference today was great!
Speaking on the panel was fun, learned a ton, and met so many incredible women.
We've got a CNC Router as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
anyone else turn their webcam away from their face because they fear being watched or like the camera stares straight into their soul?
us too amanda!
rt Thanks for following!
Excited for the coming season.
Thank you for thinking of us  the mothers we care so much about!
We Are Legion
Thank you tweeples for the play by plays!
Jesus quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
I wonder if sitting shiva will become obsolete.
it seems everybody is sending condolences over twitter nowadays.
myself included.
Are you going?
RT : Sometimes it doesn't pay to get your tickets early!
; Still can't wait for CHICAGO.
RT : A5.
Multiple lines of income comes from multiple crops idea: if wheat market is down, maybe cattle market is up.
7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR...
THIS IS SWEET!!!
To make wearable sensors pervasive, they need to be comfortable, hasslefreeand telling you something useful.
Presentation on teaching 19C culture in an interdisciplinary course art, lit  education.
Students kept sketch books, doctorw to understand
Thanks!!
Good luck to you too!
thank you is the greatest thing you can say to anyone, it is what we say to God...
I believe you I live in austin and im standing looking out my window and it hurts my eyes its terrible
thank you for the support
hm hope i have a free tomorrow.
because if i dont..then my link research paper isnt getting done.
i dont think i have a free though..
Really cool!
I like!
LS
Ha!
You deserve a glass...
or two..
or three.
what an amazing start to Raw !
Falls count match is awesome !!
has hollywood gone broke?
all they seem to do is make really bad movies and remake movies with really bad acting!
no creativity anymore!
Thank you!
My wife found this and I really liked it.
It is a different and complicated grief...
how are you?
Image rotators change focus unexpectedly and can interfere with web legibility,
Yes I know I am crazy.
I just signed up for the Boston to Big Sur Challenge.
2 Marathons, 2 Coasts, 13 Days.
Who else wants to play?
if only I could say the same about my cookies.
They are annoyingly near by...
How'd I miss that?
Way to show up a librarian, jerk ;
: Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
William A.
Ward 
Still awaiting 4 some1 2 tweet where I work.
I threatned them if they fire me there wld be reprocussions.
I don't have to wk just get check.
Stay tuned for my next piece of street verite: Scooby Doo Loves Jesus
I am now something like 23 for 23 with the hiccup cure.
It's one of my favorite things.
Makes me very happy to contribute to the world.
take a photo of the game and upload to Earn cash.
they'll be more money, the store I got it from is like a discount store
Time for some Lestah!
LET'S GO SOX!!!!
Spring practice is just a few weeks away...
Mama got the cookies I sent for Mother's Day.
She already ate 2 of the 12.
It's not even the weekend yet.
It's okay I've been told I'm only a danger to myself and others.
Come on Huskers!
I really want to hate on the Three Stooges movie but the commercials keep making me laugh.
You'll be hearing from us soon!
Thanks for following..Much love..
If home is where my heart is, then my heart has lost all hope
Woohoo!
Enjoy!
RT : with taking advantage of some good beer  restaurant week
Thanks for leadership on LRA.
Please follow through and stop Konys crimes this year
Please tell me that's not in ur house.
I love that arcade game
Thank the good Lord for the weekend..
:
Thanks for using ShowClix Kevin : We hope you enjoy the event!
Ask yourself what elements the reporter will need to tell the story.
Don't send all over town, bring it all to one location.
We smell spring!!
Custom beach balls and tank tops are right around the bend, bands!
These fuckin ppl in my class are got damn retards ugh help me
Im in da most terrible of moods rite now, wit nobody to help a nigga feel better...
Smh....
I guess it wud be best if i was solodolo today
Morning!
Make it a great day!
Our deepest and most sincere best wishes to the people of Tokyo and all parts of Japan!
And Hawaii!
Keep the faith!!!
the number of people i've told to losemynumber is unreal.
The people you can meet at 6:00 a.m.
yoga is amazing!
Has ever been kissed?
IWantToKnow :
amazing how somebody's life can become a story.
So what if you don't measure up to what they feel you're supposed to be, There's someone who will take u as is!
Fthem lol
Analysis of the Mexican and Central America and Caribbean Contact Center Outsourcing Services Market
Lincoln MKT with EcoBoost features Electronic Power Assisted Steering, which enables the optional selfsteering Active Park Assist
I am worried that my germ a phobish behaviors will get even worse
Yes very fucker
my question is how is that done exactly????
where is my invite bro!
Altho is a cool ass dude as well
Guys I got a solo for my chorus concert next weeks!
I guess this makes up for me not getting into 1 of the choirs I wanted?
Bad Girls Club 9: Mexico!
i am indeed..
its so lonely!
RT : workplace, culture, diversity, mentoring, VET, IT, training, web, course materials, Sydney..
Bio:
My love is deep as the ocean.
.
.
3
sex in the air, I don't care.
I love the smell of it!;
Hey, Trina, welcome to Twitter.
Check out who I'm following, and search your interests at search.twitter.com.
when it comes to that horoscope bullshit I have characteristics of both a Taurus and Aries.
Great to meet you today!
Praying this week.
Can't wait to meet on Friday!
250am who is up
No clue yet!
Times should be announced soon!
Wow.
I feel amazing.
Going to see Transformers soon
Hundoctords attended AMC's annual meeting this weekend.
AMC Chapters, Adventure Travel, Conservation and other meetings at UMass Boston.
TY!
RT Saluting fine wine gals
We'd like to intro a Brent Corrigan line.
Please call me.
Shocked, disappointed, and outraged that you have given this man a platform.
Who next, Kenneth Cole?
You changed your name??
message me if you know good tips for generating high pr backlinks
he thinks their stupid.
That would be the last thing he would buy me.
:
1 of the best things about 5/11 show: Sitting next to 's mom and hearing her hoot  holler for her son.
Why is the coffee pot always empty right about the time u really need that 5th cup?!
I LOVE YOU!
3
Day was just made : got an interview at massage envy!
Preparing for this weekend's Juneteenth event at the MoAD in San Francisco.
Genealogy classes for all.
More info, www.moadsf.org.
Could Aspirin have other health benefits?
Scientists are hard at work trying to determine if Aspirin could help prevent Type 2 Diabetes...
Doc just wiped his boogers on my arm.
Chiana:I'm just not myself unless I get my 18 hours.
yeah, I'm listing things.
Some things are complex, some are simple.
I'd like to show difference.
My dog just got scared and ran away from his fart....
If you stop buy for session beer, pick up Gouden Carolus Easter Ale for dinner tomorrow..Not a session beer but we still have a couple left!
More info on CAC, please.
Are we in for a bad day?
Jamie's sandwich is making me hungry.
My awake feature seems to be on pause.
well i will at least : lol
But they're so yummy!
and they're coming to the office this morning!!!
know what's even better than pushup dance moves?
handstand pushups.
kewl:  omg ur so lucky bcuz Austin is going there this weekend.
Are you gonna meet him this weekend???:
Really, thank you!
I've selfpubbed 7 books  literally could not agree w/you more.
Gave me lots to think about, 2.
Blessings!
If someone were to bring me snickerdoodle orangle leaf, I would love you forever :
I would change the fact that I tried to do it my way without God's help
This show makes me want to go to church, but only if the church is just as entertaining as this one.
Happy birthday, !
It's funny when you get asked to follow someone on twitter who doesn't tweet in English and who you can't understand 
I see you
aida wanted to go see how to think like a man Hahahaha
RT : Nevermind the Mindless  Ignore the Ignorance
Meh, they hold no power over me.
heey my dear followers: RT this if you fuckin hate chemistry!!!!!!!!!!
Wow, you've been busy!
This weekend was fun, thanks for doctorving me back ha.
This new mixtape finna put these artist on game on how to make feel good music...
Major upset!!!
I love REDDING CA.
The people are just nice.
DUTCH BROS COFFE.
IS AWESOME!!!
i wish i could buy stock But tea is healthier
Success is where preparation meets opportunity...
Scorpio the country MB will take you to: Australia
Gossip just seems more interesting than facts!: Hoping has come with lots of silicon valley gossip to spice up lunch
20 off celeb fragrances at perfumania today!
Get your olfactory fix for less!
You may be a speech teacher but Y U NO speak right?!
You'll have to let us know your thoughts.
Hope you enjoy it and find the resource helpful!
stop your bloodclot cryin, u never called me
I may have miscalculated in not choosing a career where I tour with a backing band.
Alone, late night Chinese food is truly inexcusable.
lmfao jokes on her, shes got herpes now
2011.07.09 Reds 8 Brewers 4  Game tied, bottom ninth / Rickie on second, no outs / can't score, pen implodes.
Me too handsome!!
RT : I'm thinking my life could use a big injection of fun right about now.
Can I have all your stuffs?
At least ppl will B forced 2 take a closer look at Mormons actual belief.
Their brand of Exceptionalism is troubling.
The Futurama is coming!!!!!
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.
...but...
why are the shoppers at WHOLE EARTH Princeton so SERIOUS??
lighten up!!
this ain't NewYork!
I'm not sure why but I'm dying laughing at that tweet.
I often go to midnight movies and think, These are my people.
Then I get worried.
Tonight as a case in point.
Sometimes we dont realize how good we have it.
Gotta step back and take it all in
penelopecruz.
Her favorite doctorss she's worn.
Ours too.
Stunning!
thanks I'm definitely downloading the app!
In San Diego..
Total oppisite for me RT : Im a terrible text messager...better off just calling me :/
seduce the canon
Exactly!
Do research, try something bold the ideas support.
If it doesn't work, reassess.
Most flops ignore step
I'm wishing all of my fans and friends a happy and safe Memorial Day Weekend.
iOS developers be like fuck them free apps
4 months later n I'm still on the mixtape NeverDidPlay.
Keep up the hard work.
: Would certainly be very interested!
cc:
How u real wen u half reppin
hope all is well in your corner
Happy anniversary to the 2nd best ballpark in the country WrigleyFenway
no its my first.
How bout you.
Back to work after a fantastic NYC weekend!
HEARD that, kid.
To the mystery smell coming from our closet...I WILL DEFEAT YOU!
come swoop me and lets boogey on down to chevvys
OMG 333333333333 I can't say anything else :'
Happy Birthday Girl :
Today is gonna be a busy day for the babes!
Looking forward to seeing you there!!!!
Having to doctorve to Cathedoctorl on a Sunday 
Also Alicia Keyes and Bonnie raite
Looking forward to sxtrajan.
I love fonts.
the latter!
Gong Xi Fa Cai!
Happy Chinese New Year!
Here comes the year of the doctorgon!
I am a smooth talker
why itake all these AP courses thouu ?
Once in a lifetime.
Nothing more, nothing less !
I have a movie I'm trying to get financed right now, and it will change everything if I can get it financed, haha.
CHILE please 3
and they pass on more seasoned artists who developed themselves and have perfected their crafts.
ageism at it's finest.
Or what about those flyers with the perforated areas at the bottom to take off the URL and take it home?
Omg you're gonna get your braces off in two days!!!!: Gah!
You're probably gonna get more adorable if that's possible; lol
Cardamom we like and send some cookies my way please 
Literally tried to sleep in as long as I can.
Slowest week ever!
Opera Champion voting has registered almost 1800 votes so far!
Keep it up and pass the word.
good morning!!
thx Jean!
I'll subscribe to the mailing list
Oh okay, same thing over here.lol..or when I am talking to my family memebers..My american friends be giving me the side eye lol
Thinking I should delete my fb page...at least until after elections.
BTown tonight!
With and twitterless Chris jones
madison.
I am boarding the plane right now!!
He does.
The names of the donors have not been released yet....and most likely won't be untill after the recall.
Just roll down the windows, take a deep breath of the fresh air, and enjoy the ride.
Hey guys want the cleanest purest water at home?
Check out www.doctornkupwater.com Save money on overpriced bottled h20  cut down on Plastic!
I don't know why but today feels like its gonna be a great day!
All four days of Halloween were wonderful.
Happiness is not having to compete for anything
Something I forgot to mention last nt.
I'm sure if I was a Braves fan I would love the THawk Chop.
But since I'm not..
it's SO annoying!
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
36
I didn't get that far.
But the photo is of a dude then...and now.
The road can be a bitch sometimes.
You know i can't dance, but i can dance on ya
It's hard to get out of the house with a 10 month old for storytime at 9:15....
Sister Wives is disturbing.
I can't stop watching.
Aubrey, get real, you're a no talented wannabe that's been fired on 2 shows now!
doctorver just cussed me out for no reason!
Fuck them.
They don't need to know anything about me..
New summer dance schedule up at www.flamencura.org  try something new!!!
maybe it's my iPod it's still not working for me idk
Today is the DAY!
We're serving up Burgundy WW SommChat LaPaulee in a few short hours!
Blair Levin mentions team is currently proofing National Broadband Plan
I'm frightened.
SundaySailing.
Then ....
Into the office.
The criminal defense attorney's work is never done so long as there is prosecutorial misconduct.
I just love to launch my browser.
Go Blazers!
Felix Hernandez is good at throwing a baseball.
I never was too good at following rules, na na I'm better just pretending I was a fool
RT : Culinary trivia 2: Ounce for ounce, the most amount of iron: spinach, turnip greens, or cauliflower?
Happy Easter New York
thank you 
This next EP I'm writing sounds sick so far.
It's a mix of NeYo, Jesse McCartney, and Nick Carter.
Interesting mix!
Morning and TY to all my followers!
You bless me with your kindness!
I can agree with that.
yeah!
Wait, what?
A Person's character runs deep...like a river...and The course of a river is seldom changed forever...and so too it is with people...
once was told to Cheer up, things could be worse, so sure enough I cheered up,  things got worse.
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!!
RT : I'm looking to participate in a GalleryNight this summer.
Does anyone know of or have any space they could lend me?
I hate pretty boys.
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll be Right back
Club Play, Mansion  Cameo
what's up man!
welcome to tweet world, how's everything going?
easy killer!
Brand new bus for the meet!
To Laguna Hills we go!
I box, I lift, I do cardio...benchmarks get better  better but I'm not losing inches or weight....
Someone feed me....ill pay you in oral sex.
Going to TRY to sleep.
Goodnight
Currently have someone from France, Japan, and Iowa looking at our site.
Pretty rad.
Back to my not getting up early, start whenever in afternoon route that I love.
Sunday's I wake to hit the college stores early but
oh lol I thought she wasn't having that anymore because she was gonna see trs instead bUT I MIGHT BE WRONG SO IDK LOL
Congrats to my teach who said umm 387 times today beating her old record of 355 didn't think it was possible
RTno work tomorrow// Nice one!
I heard from a friend of a friend that they saw the Gluten Free Chef Food Cart open on NW 4th  Burnside at lunch time.
Don't know why I chose fitness for P.E, gonna have to start jogging daily starting from tomorrow....
i wuz watching jerry springer and this guy looked like the big o
can you follow me I LOVE all your videos, it would make my day please.?!?:
...And millions will wakeup without a MegaMillions winner...
April 21st!
see you there
I'm sure Scooter will be willing to debate.
As long as it can be on Skype so as not to interrupt his outofstate fundoctorising.
Could today be anymore beautiful?!
Excited the Indians keep rolling, but I'm not doctornking the contender koolaid just yet
If You Need Advice, Tweet or DM !
She is a New Advice Column!
Make sure to stop by and try our delicious tamales ;
Remember 2 keep your wristband after the concert the park 4 happyhour all night long!
is so happy Jesse got the internship!
Leaves are fucking smart.
If I were a leaf I'd jump out of a tree too, that snow shit SUCKS.
They got the right idea!
Nice rain today in downtown Dallas,Tx.
Twitter's weirding out on me.
I just randomly received a DM dated in 2007 that clearly wasn't meant for me.
Then it disappeared again.
Will Sprint also carry the iPhone4?
cuddle time with my niece  nephew 3
I know, dollface.
I was just joking P
You can't let other people tell you who you are.
You have to decide for yourself.
Just found out my little cousin Jordan will be on BET 106  Park in 5 minutes.
Check him out
Need a big money right now God please bless me
HOW DID YOU GET OVER 1K TWEETS????
The BITCH in me is beggin to come out...I promise u dnt want it....
: I'm so happy I now live in a place where I don't see everyone I went to High School with.
no just everyone from Clarion lol
Thx RT : Thanks to for a happy ending to the story I'm working on!
Oregon City lacrosse grateful.
Details  11!
good night guys :
I just want someone that will watch classic Disney movies with me all day :
Cat or Dog??
We had an amazing opening night at the AFF!
Join us tomorrow for Rhythmic Uprising, New Low, Air Doll, and Blondes in the Jungle.
I've seen lessons where teacher poses Q and tells kids to post answer/opinion.
Everyone participates.
real question is not if change  what change  how abrupt?
consider there is no substitute for water
Tough loss, this one stings with that ending
How about those Chicago Blackhawks forcing Game 7!!!
She doesnt understand wat it means to be a opportunist.
working in studio w/ long time writing partner Bobby Womack He's still got it.
it's at big deal
that nigga put his shoes on with no socks yo feet gon stank Jus'Nasty
I agree and stand with you !
I wonder who reads my Facebook posts, but never comments or anything?
So many lurkers.
I love you, but still.
Im happy!
I get to bring my glass fish piece home today!
The captainon on pic 34 is great.
At the moment, yes.
Next month's meeting will be a discussion about how to better run and organize events.
Details soon.
I like the 2002 cast but I definitely prefer the 1960 film.
Porches and outdoor walkways at Groves allow ample room to enjoy the outdoors in a safe and secure environment.
made funny, interesting, worthwhile, and brief presentation at
OK, tech fail, not sure what happens on April 5th?
have you seen the new CBA language abt rookie contracts, is it called the Russell Rule?
lol
Anyone have advice/preference on good audience response systems?
Help!
lucky you.
:P
hey thnxs for the follow
me too!
Love that movie...
but its so different and cool :
WHAT THE FUCK.
RT : fucking hate clingy people bitch get off
Lethem, Chronic City.
Upper East Side Manhattan as surreal pocket universe, deeply weird and yet completely familiar characters  setting.
Bowie High Principal Jesus Chavez has been reassigned, Jordan says.
...commit random acts of kindness.
: makes me want to commit
Thanks for doctornking with us during your Labor Day weekend!
only pay for sex if the price seems really, really reasonable
Gardy and Span thrown out?
In the words of I'm seeing a fun one
Thanks, hon!
Don't waste pixels on Borg, that is my motto
I hate homework !
I just finished a 1.55 mi run with a time of 24:38 with Nike GPS.
Thank you!
somebody who's super busted!
i'm sure you will find plenty floating around walmart.
ctfu
Currently in the greatest condition..
Time 2 get the morning going everybody!!
Enjoy your day...
Payday Latte!
My favorite splurge in the city.
Sleep time now, today was overall a pretty greay day just because i got to spend time with : Made my day soo much better!
LOL I'll have to ask my dad if that's true!
Thanks for supporting TeamSantana Ed!
Thanks for letting me know.
There are several errors like that we're looking to get fixed.
Any chance for a RT?
I don't know
worshiping the English gods in English class xD
Early bird flight out to Boston: SFO  BOS
just been rubbing shoulders with cesc amazing!!!
What up??
just bought it!
Funny stuff!
WeWontWorkOut if you're some organic freak.
Players: Today is the 1st day of the rest of your playing career.
What are you doing today to get better?
Yep..
I was crying when I saw it doublerainbow ;
75 off casino style poker chip sets!
www.eproducts4less.com
I really can't stand people who won't text you back.
S/o My Brothers I know yall up...LETS GET IT
I Just Made A Love Song For Some One Special Its Also A Break From The End Of The World Genre Eric
I'll follow when im of follow limit!
Going to be launching a film campaign very soon stay tuned for details!!
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Knowing that you only have one more period to worry about until Study Hall 
hahaha the greatest thing I've ever heard.
excellent.
I do not cut my life up into days but my days into lives, each day, each hour, an entire life.
Technically all communication is behavior.
Everything we do, from breathing to reading, is behavior
How did you enjoy Sunday at the Masters?
What an exciting finish!
ARE YOUR SHORTS ANIMATED?
RT : StandBy Alert !!
Animated Shorts  Sunday
Twitter fail!
THANK YOU :D I Love You Too!
June 19th I say all of the beliebers go to your house and you throw a party?: kidding but I can't wait for BELIEVE 3
thanks :D so what's up?
Good comment.
Thanks for weighing in!
Anything is possible in this beautiful universe...
Y'all better text me some deets
Listening in on fasting self reflection
I've officially tweeted 100 times today...u shocked?
Proud?
LOL
RT : lawschool has made me really talented at grabbing cookies off of unexplained trays without slowing down.
?ts up, with the Atlanta sports jinx Maybe ParkAtlanta should hand out Falcons shirts ev'ry time they write a tkt for city spirit
: DJ Rooney is killing it!!!!!Missed this earlier  Thanks Kimberly!
Can we talk about that experience a bit?
How weird is it to write your own press releases?
Scott Watts, duelingpianos player from NYC 6pm, come check him out!
Anthony Cao 9pm
I never realized how much I spent until today : and now I wish I didn't lol
Going to a doctorke concert in June:
I have so many things to do :
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life.
Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
hope to see you tomorrow!!!
Garyveeinbigd.com
The Man Who Came to Dinner!
you all should watch:
This URL doesn't work!
Monday unfunday.
Cant wait for the start of with our big event this friday!
Tipsytokens.com 4 more details
If he's gonna do it he's gotta be a little more sneaky
Gods love knows no boundaries.
It never runs out.
How wonderful is that.
I don't wanna get up 
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  1
Media General announces subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, BH Media Group, is going to buy all MG's newspapers, except Tampa Tribune.
You know your a good liar when you start to believe your own lie lol.......
yeah!
Right?
I thought it was so cool
looks pretty sweet
Better avoid eskimo kisses with them then.
FF Cuz I am NOT hiring a bass player til she comes over from London.
Celebrating her birthday just next to my table how cool is that Lucky Love u
is amazing!
And i love him very much :
I would 100 agree w/ that!
Dont mistake my kindness for a weakness bitches or you just might get the surpise of a lifetime that you wont like!
:
mark my words, Kassian will be a successful player in the future, Sabs always trade away talent, interested to see what the new kid does tho

Thanks!
Good luck and enjoy the game!
Just make sure no one else has picked your number when you enter!
You in the city but...you from a small town
I think Broncos are slow playing this to get the 2015 1 overall pick, when Peyton gets hurt and they go 117
have tears in my eyes laughing at 's video outtakes.
Want to see more!
Yeah, that was a bit disturbing.
But realistic and it fits into the story.
i know i missed tonights episode Im bout to watch last weeks, shits heating up!!
He really done just blew me.
Nigga called 7 times in ONE hour.
Are you SLOW?
Can you take a mfing HINT ?!
No problem!
hussy dancing?!?
Good lord...
Hey!!
today i finally got a copy of the exhibition catalog for Wu Meichun's 1999 show: postsense, sensibility, alien bodies, and delusions!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I fucking hate repeating myself.
thanks for the readd: Great blog, reading it now...
We love the spicy mayo, it makes everything better!
;
: ok cool..its warming up in LaLa...going to get into the 80's and 90's later in the week...Yes!
I cant wait I lOve hot weather
In a whacked mood...
Idk why....
But I'm not enjoying it.
Just opened for the night!
Come celebrate our grand opening before anyone else.
omg imagine you said hi to me I would cry my eyes out.
haha its ok everybody knows rookie quarterbacks do worse if they have a good running game as a fail safe...
You bet HIVE11 Thanks for spreading the word!
Oh cool!
I like to play the audio games a lot.
I've surveyed the perimeter of the store.
Lobster man has not been sitedno doctorppings or tracks are visible.
the new app never came out ?
so you know excatly when?
Amen!
re: ...I think the Henry Rodoctorguez closer experiment has to be coming to a close.
Well back to real life.
Can't wait to get out of here..
I love the NFL doctorft.
It's Xmas for football fans.
Round 1 has turned into Xmas eve when your parents only let you open one gift.
Cause i feel i've running away...
I'm feeling the same about peppermint coffee.
Awesome commercial by .
Visit their Twitter professorle, and hold the j key to keep scrolling down.
Cant have ish n this house!
Aww...
Just saw hearing the slang term junk for the first time.
Also just gave his book to Paul for Christmas.
Bless 'em!
Good morning!
We have many AN hoses and fitting in stock right now in our Walk in Store.
Looking for any, contact us and we can post them online for you.
8 year old piano student to me, We are both small and pale..
Sigh.
From the mouths of BABES.
Going to see The Dictator
am convinced that Nets/Magic/Dwight have some kinda deal in place for a trade in June
Join us for lunch!
We meet every Tuesday at 12:15 for lunch at the Hyatt in Downtown Baltimore.
Enjoy a meal and a speaker with us!
We look forward to it!
i'm guessing you like capri sun's.
LOL
Shane is recording his last tracks right now.
The new EP will be done in a few hours.
You guys kicked mega ass.
Thanks for the best night ever.
See you in Aug!
: 3
Abductees Daughter Speaks of Korean War Kidnappings:
Download 5 of our delicious tracks for your ears to hear, free only on FrostWire 
Thank you for checking on me though!
: Always appreciate your attention and input, sir.
NOW MONDAY HURRY UP!
guys they're taking album requests
Much appreciated man!
you are fabulous.
I'm so in!!!
top of the morning!
Did u get my email?
Great films all week at AFF11.
Tonight  Pariah at the Texas Spirit Theater, 7 pm.
The dollar cost averaging strategy helps you buy more shares of stocks and mutual funds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise.
i should put together my doctorsser so i can put laundoctor away.
instead im wearing a denim jumpsuit like a prisoner of the couch.
Q2: Desk ready for me to use, tour of space, meeting to learn about department, lunch with colleagues for personal connection
Damn idk y im up...thinkn bout this guy...seeing u later is gonna bring a huge smile to my face
lol where u from to say that.
Cuz its hot is.hot is hell
FIND A WAY, MAKE A WAY!!
IWillAlwaysLoveYou Your one of a kind voice will be our greatest love of all.
Prayers go to the Houston family.
It?s not whether you get knocked down.
It?s whether you get up again.
Vince Lombardi
Q2.
Favorite or most unusual hashtag you've encountered on Twitter?
How is the modeling coming along??
i absolutely love you!
and your kids are the cutest!
thanks Phil!
Today, I act like a Princess!
WIERDOO!
The only person I follow on that list is It's not gonna compel me to follow others.
Sorry.
the curse of Brandon Snyder!
: Here's to the athletes who wish they were taller.
: Licking your lips hurts more because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them.
you listening ?
uses ReBonding technology
Ready to get off work
Supercommittee: You could have been heroes; risen above differences for good; shown us the best in human nature.
Instead, you failed us.
Playing this game with myself where I eat cinnamon buns til I either barf or cry.
Which one will it be?
Two facts for the day.
1 The Mine Is Yours album is fantastic.
2 Charlie Sheen is a douche.
RT : These Hoes Don't Got A Mind Of They Own.
yea bro im in the A...
Wats good?
he thinks we're friends.
I'll be hanging out at lunch and he comes up and tries to start a convo.
No bitch go away.
I just watched my baby niece crawl for the first time over skype.
It was so special and I am so proud of her.
Gotta love technology :
Wait, does Sam really not follow me yet ..?
:O
Are you accountable for what you Say, Do and Communicate?
so god!
Who's ready for a new Frantic music video?
What song should we do?!
what is your nail polish color wjen you are at the Disicks?!
Love it!
Here's the work email: , have a fabulous weekend!
lol he tried at least he said something back this time girl Da Brat's little brother aka straight tried me lol!
Does anyone have a good datadoctorven resource on the growing public awareness of OpenAccess or CreativeCommons licensing in academia?
Thx!
what up!
RT : It has just occurred to me that I haven't worn makeup in 4 days.
naturalwoman or cavewoman?
naturalwoman all the way
Thanks Suzi!
Yeah, we're still going for it and having fun doing it!
Miss you and our coffee time!
I love you: I'll let you know;
RT : Same old stuff, just a different day.
damn sholl did!!!!
Everybody was looking at u like  and Oo and I still ain't fix it yet lol
what about ham and turkey...is that harder than just ham!!
lmfao doo it bro!
I heard some bad news about tyrus Thomas today
Damn unsigned hype mixtape in the process n the album got me in the studio 24/7!!!!
Lovin every minute
Spend your Friday walking around the city yelling THE 49ERS SUCK!
That moment when you're having problems with a guy and crying..but I'm listening to and they never fail to make me smile
thanks for the follow follow my other account too...
: love this weather.
I need to move to the beach!!
don't bail on us today, Tot Boss!
WE NEED UR TOTS!
Words may inspire but only action creates change.
Nigga just seen Derrick rose.
He's here for surgery
I'm an auditor.
Risk scares me.
Never mistake motion for action.
Get Off My Twitter !!!
For a 10 pound cat, 1 cup of milk has the same amount of calories as 4  hamburgers.Lets take care of our pets starting with a correct diet
oh, im sorry well that shirt you wore gave me flashback all day long m yum.;
Lay me down and tell me everthing will be alright.
Shit I missed criminal minds ; hate missing the beginning of shows
We learned so much this week with !
If you couldn't make it tonight, don't worry!
Same time next week: 8:30 for Animated HipHop!
And 3 more Blackhawk Helicopters flew over the house in WickerPark.
In honor of hockey?
THE STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I was cooking bacon and the fire alarm went off.
P.S.
I Loaf You loveisloaf you you you...
Anyone have the GalaxySIIftw?
I want to get one so bad!
I bet will run amazing on it!
I love women but y'all are some crooked, seriously strange ppl!
Bullshit.
Where are they?
In a warm hotel room?
I would not even be on twitter if it wasn't for Austin and Alex Brooke
We go in Dec.
It was deciding factor that Disney does a good job w/ FAs!
1 hour until a 4 day weekend.
Happy Mothers Day to all wonderful Moms!
hey cutie ;
yes, legit point, but one way or another, either electorate or leg votes on this.
Without either, those in favor will have to wait.
Can you just shut up and face forward?
finally taking time to learn some typography, as a programmer Raphael.js is really helpful for exploring
RT : Today I learned Nick Nolte and Gary Busey are different people.
ed do you have a tumblr.
ed.
come on.
dont be holding out on me alright.
Pandora inserted an ad about retirement into my Mastodon radio stream.
Fuck you, Pandora.
I'll at least mention it in my diss on glitches, which will take up unintentional narrative, among other things.
i think he gave up on us haha
ILL SEE YOU MAY27th for PARTYRIOT...
i need to link up with you to give you yalls tickets.....
is the most beautiful girl to be on The Hills/Laguna Beach series no doubt.
Also an independent, smart, nice woman.
If your teeth are clenched and your fists are clenched, your lifespan is probably clenched.
Adabella Radici
Today screaaammss MALL!
But I've been doing so good!
budgeting 
Cinco De Mayo
And nice meeting you also!!
looking forward to changing the world!
What a beautiful morning in SATX, have a great Friday all from
Yup, but apparently a little too late!
:
exhausted from shopping all day
forgot we shared the same best day ever
Humancentric narratives are just easier to understand than abstract systemic theorizing, period.
NEH offers Owensboro Community and Tech College 200K challenge grant for humanities programs.
START GROWING, FACIAL HAIR.
Looking for a word that rhymes with slutbag...
need to finish this song.
Hey do you guys think/know if you'll be getting any limited ed.
Crushes vinyl for recordstoreday??
Eric, you are more than welcome.
You've been one of my industry idols for over 12 years now : and still going strong!
A3: Live your life as best you can, be ready to listen, guide, mentor others...
be a  influence no matter what your past.
Marian Wright Edelman warns that we are headed for a new apartheid with the pipeline to prison.
Is so hard to get noticed by austin all my past tweets i sent him he NEVER sees.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
I'LL BE....THE BEST YOU EVER HAD JOHN LEGEND VOICE
just started listening to reading The Graveyard Book.
yum!
What museums does everyone particularly recommend in Denver  why?
DAM is a given.
thanks!
m I don think so
OMGWTF LUCKY!
Be more careful!
D: 333
Oh separate comments on your blog?
Ok!
Thanks for the heads up!
: happyfriday!
If they don't know your doctorams, then they can't shoot 'em down
I want to put on a shirt that says 'life' and starting handing out lemons.
RT We're Proud Of iCarly
not usually one for ff but feel compelled by this week's beer and burrito themed tweets:
Ready to be your workout partner!
You're kidding me aren't you Angie!
Asking if I want to see more sexy photos of you is like asking if I want more ice cream
it's soo cute how he sleeps...and i love his nose
Did you interview the ICONic Boyz??:
Going to go eat apple jacks for breakfast see you later, and please follow if your looking for someone to follow!!!
Bi Bi
breathe deeply 7 times.
They got us paying 2.28 for a little ass bag of takis .
We're currently looking for a CAD Tech with piping layout and/or pipeline doctorfting experience.
Know anyone?
be a pretty motha fucka...Boston what he's reppin'...tell em' quit the bitchin', he gonna make it in a second
First play of the game Kenneth Faried outhustles Pau Gasol
double tap the cap button
Hint For Finding A Vet For Your Canine  In Service International
Last night 
All hail the pocket square king!!!
Playing volleyball with my little cousins.
Hahaa.
Do you like cupcakes?
Do you like limos?
Do you like BLOODY MARYS?
It's settled then.
We'll see ya on Sunday at 3pm at !
Yep  sorry, made the correction.
:
Thanks for the love!
awesome,have fun!
ok..
I guess
waiting to get out of class bored like a motha
ppl just fuel his rants.
So annoying
I hope buyin me a shot this Saturday lol
Not Monday?
Lil' Gibbs and I will be there.
Congrats to , , and for their nominations to the WTIA Industry Achievement Awards.
Second meeting of the year...
Currently listening to Vice Provost Damon Williams speak about diversity on campus.
its funny how hoes and weak bitches wanna be treated as if they are solid!
I only saw a half dozen titles but liked Once Upon a Time in Anatolia, The Turin Horse, and Vito.
Lovely Molly was fun too.
Blockbuster still wondering who moved my cheese?
Fantastic idea 10 years ago.
Great example of how quickly models change.
you should come visit us!
doctoramatoriumMuch?
Can't wait.
Tomorrow night.
NBC.
8:00.
I wonder if the guy I like gets jealous because I talk about so much : hehe
Moving day!
Had 2 jump thru a million hoops  give 2 mnths adv rent.
But its happening!
removed the cool near by map feature.
Now the iPhone app is like any other bland app.
ANTICLIMATIC
Everyone has that one classic they gave up on...I gave up on Ulysses by Joyce.
And To The Lighthouse by Virginia Wolfe.
Ugh.
how about getting middle school groups into your programs?
DC local?
How do we do that?
Thanks!
You'll be the first videographer we've ever had.
Itreallymakesmemad when my mom doesn't understand what go away means..
Need a smoke buddy who dwn??
Chill :D
When your bestfriend wants to listen to ymas 
Get this money
The sun is up, the sky is blue, it's beautiful  so are you' 
haha will do!
Tom also relies on HubSpot's Link Grader for link analytics, regularly tracking and analyzing his website's inbound links
Happy valentines day.......
Thanks for the FF mention!
Great to hear from other local Tweeps.
I wouldn't mind Charles or Chuck, but please, not Chaz!
So I know is busy writing songs and all but...
I miss his tweets already :P and it's only been ten hours...
Lol
it was a hedge against a hedge against a hedge.
hedge cubed?
It's the meal of champions!
Zayn malikkk foreverr hot!
One direction forever be NO.
1 !
i will be always with you guys whenever you guys having a hard or happy time :
come back to Dallas, please...
I love meeting new people :
Imma go pick up give her this good dick an head so she can stay out her feeling smoke another blunt an go to sleep
ugh , I didn't even doctornk alot and I feel hungover.
tt
new professorle pic right there Haha
lets chat!
Gonna listen to a little Nova Y Jory 
Feels great to co/inspire.
It is a great honor, thank you!
Please continue all the great work.via
I just realized something amazing...ly awesome.
Jake
I mean
It's not my fault you were 30 minutes late to pick me up for the third time in a row, so you have no right to yell at me, stfu
What a depressing morning to come online and see no one really dug 'Tree of Life'.
updownledtrightselectstart  should get u in rac
hit kent clark up
thank you so much!
:
come to Wisconsin!
Not great here either.
That's why I doctorve a
so ure going to Korea no matter what then?
That's like me and going to Indy haha but u won't have a host family to help out :
Kobe shoulda just stayed in the shitter
You get what you want.
You win.
I give up.
i found humor in the tension between the mundane  doctormatic
Happy Birthday!
Amen.
RT : Curling up into bed before midnight is one of the best feelings ever.
Going to Crop Walk 2012.
I sincerely thank EVERYONE for allowing God to use them to help feed the hungry!
Amen.
Happy Easter!!
Saw fat man tailing a guy in a hoodie here in NYC, thought it was ZImmerman, just a cop!
yes honey boo boo ;
when you have subss all week  no homework..
HOW MANY LEADS YOU GONNA BLOW IN THIS GAME SHITTSBURGH?!
be prepared for your thirties lmaoooo
Goodnight and god bless with my feet on the ground head to the sky.
FF my favorite up and coming singer !
She's going on tour with Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson this summer.
I LOVE YOU?!
why can't you see that I wanna stop loving you but it's so hard :/
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
I ain't neva ran from a nigga  I ain't about to pick 2day to start running!!!!hahaaaaaaa
oh!!!
I have even better cookies for you :
Thanks!
Good Morning.
I'll have the Chain of Custody Onion Straws and the Lorenzi Martini....wait...whats in that martini?!
Seanpayton suspended for the entire season, guess he won't
I work for nonprofessorts.
Always on the go, with no money to spend.
Son is a student.
Upgrading would be wonderful.
I could've sworn I had a little Dermalogica left.
I had 2 use soap....SOAP!..ON MY FACE!...what am I an animal?!
Big Time Rush concert or Pauly D event?
Which would you prefer??
Working incredibly hard not to follow every cute girl's twitter, only the gamergirl gets a follow
What is it with men ah right thats it
It's never too early in the morning to file a bug report.
Make sure that the adapter for the lens matches the body of your camera.
I LOVE U MY FRIEND!
I know :/ what's up with all those numbers?
Lol
Depending on who gets elected in 2012, I might be right there with you in Vancouver!
All's well that ends well!
Thanks for the follow, I'm sure that I will be contacting you about ways to Green up our business, it is in the plans.
will do !!
thanks.
Kid next to me is brilliant!
Just stacked 9 slices of apple together and called it an apple sandwich!
His sis all of a sudden wanted apples
Overheard someone say she will now only buy gas at BP stations: they need the money for the clean up.
Unbelievable product!
i cant believe this is gonna be made.
must be amazing not to have to open bottles.
Twist Aid to the rescue.
I just wanna see your smile.
3
This knot in my stomach just wont go away.
I've never felt this much pain in one day.
show us what your neighborhood looks like.
New Cinco De Mayo sweepers that go down easy with a little salt  lime on
watching Greys Anatomy, AKA, the new place for music videos and bad acting.
New Jersey need females for bikini promotions assignment.
No nudity.
Pay is 50 dollars per hour Plus tips.
Serenity now, insanity later.
hey cuz I'm new to this again
Blushing  Thank YOU for all of the help and of course for being great company to enjoy the night with!
:
How many catches will Moss get this week?
I say 4 for 70 yds no td's!
I thought vegans were hard core.
But freegans???
They take it to a whole other level.
FYI, Freegans are also known as road kill scavengers.
John Dean: extent of Nixon culpability in Watergate coverup may never be known.
The Big and Tall stores mostly have lame clothes.
So I am super specific about where I shop.
true.
They paying him way too much
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
So jealous!
A good cleanse is such an awesome way to reset/restart the system!
please tell me you're joking.
anything by whitney houston also off the table.
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to reading your inspiring and uplifting tweets!
Happy Friday :
i think so, gotta check the sked I think might be on vacation here shortly!
Kreps is a little too rose colored glasses about info tech and life improvement for me.
Legal Reference Librarian Opportunity in Seattle!
Email me at !
Our show w/Chef Chris Foster of will reair on 5/9, but today, we're on set w/Chef doctorw Dzejak of the
so far i've spent about 600 for my senior stuff...
im not even done yet
Doesn't get any stricter than a book set in the past!
Took petition to my child's swimming lessons and scored 2 sigs!
New job openings  TASC: Policy and Communications Coordinator and International Expanded Learning Time Intern...
we messed up?!!!?!??
I'd just like to say we lost our chance.
Haha which happens a lot actually
Open sesame  time to send out beta invites
Amar'e Stoudermire enrolled to the University of Miami today news really spread fast in Florida can you smell a new Miami Heat player
I could not be any happier to hear Obama finally manning up  stating there's nothing wrong with samesex marriage.
Loved playing with a nice ipad looking at a screenshot of wikipedia, while sitting in a hotass room, while cameras are in everyones faces.
ouch...
new computers can't come fast enough!
Q1 of 2010 if we're REALLY lucky!
Nearly COB...mischief managed!
woman on his household staff more than a decade earlier.
Schwarzenegger and his wife, Maria Shriver, had announced their separation
Eating at Orochon Ramen...
Special 2, trying to get on the WALL OF BRAVERY!!!
I'm annoyed lol ....
Sir I want to buy these shoes, for my mama please.
Thank you!
Hope your weekend is great!
We all have two lives.
The one we are given and the one we create.
Mary Chapin Carpenter
Chilecrusted prime rib tacos w blk bean  corn salsa w cilantrolime sour cream.
Served w roasted tomato rice pilaf 17.95 
dad found the account again.
deactivating for a long time.
sorry guys, bear with me :
Our new mural is just about done  pictures soon!
Or stop by and see it in person!
PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW I CAN GET A NUDE PHHOTO OF YOU
Correct answer is old people need less sleep RT When I asked how he wakes up so early every day his reply was...
This day better go fast.
I'm so tired i can't even keep my eyes open.
missed ya!
Good Morning!
Everyone we all need to pray really hard for rain!
Rain is crossing over Texas!
Let's all enjoy some!
Hope your day is Great!
Everything gets harder as you age, but we know it can be done!
Did you get started saving in that window of opportunity?
Fingernail painting.
Oh the joys girls on vacation
MAN I hate MPDGs.
It's probably unhealthy how much they bother me, but I don't care.
:
Thanks for the shout out!
My husband is concocting his Halloween costume out of random hoses, shimmery piping and battery operated twinkle lights.
I can only imagine.
same here.
I have the same reaction on Lost It'll pop into my head, I'll blurt out hey do you know what happened at the end of Lost?
Sometimes, inspiration  help comes from those you hardly even know, or a person you just met!
And for that, I say thank you!
Wonderwall has an article titled Jeremy Renner Misses His Puppy.
If this doesn't win a Pulitzer then there's something wrong with America.
Bayless went down late in the game, it looked like a leg cramp.
Hope he will be ok and ready for tomorrow nights game.
GREAT workout this morning!
Now to get ready to face the day :
RIGHT!
No comparison tho!
RT : And there goes the twitter beef...comparisons to Zimmerman...blah blah blah.
I promise to not stay up past 10:30 in my time xD :
Lmaoo RT : lt; Joey Crawford of Twitter.
Will hit you with the Tech and I ain't talking about the 9.
any preference on the hashtag?
we've got a good start at annconf but no real preference...
A great leader...makes greater leaders..
2nite Tiki Bar w/ and many more
Clear Channel Radio, 14001 Dallas Pkwy  300, Dallas, TX 75240.
It's right across from the galleria.
Go to the 3rd floor
Cristobal Silva: When submitting to academic journals, referee letters are most valuable part of process.
A gift of the professorssion.
watch for the three wolf moon too!!!
had the pleasure of meeting today.
real cool dude.
If he wasnt doing music, he would be a great sportscaster
i believe u
He did have fun  I think the highlight was the food.
Don't worry, we'll get to Chile sometime :
RT : Our Clippard Family YMCA and the Autism Society of Greater Cincinnati are inviting Greater Cincinnati families who......
I love sleeping
RT I don't know what your plans are for the evening, but I'll be at the slinging doctornks...
Come see me 3
50 off towards your CanvasPop purchase on www.crowdclick.com!
Gives you the chance to have a totally cool and unique gift this christmas!
Heyy!
How are you?
:
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Dominique Ford Rising 6th Las Vegas, NV Travel Team: Vegas Elite Point Guard 51

aye fat dat nigga b is a trip.
I broke the bat, now I break the man Justice League: Doom gave a great taste of Batman vs.
Bane action!
Can it be July already?
: Why Yanks sign Garcia in first place, then get 2 more starters?
Burnett must go soon, then Hughes to pen makes sense!
I had not!
Those are the bee's knees.
Or perhaps, the tentacle's knees.
Thanks!
This clippers grizz game is a great one
2nd Annual Urban Book Festival was okay.
I had fun and met some wonderful authors.
I have no idea what the hell we're watching.
But it's fucking funny.
INEEDFOLLOWERS RETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Thank you!!
must be a slow day in the joe house
11 days until my birthday 
sure thing.
look forward to reading more!
CenturyLink Twin Cities is officially entering the Twitterverse !!
very pretty.
I should get goodies cuz I got beat up at your show at liverepublic while I was tryna shoot a
Happy Saturday!
For no reason.
Wow seriouslly that is messed up?
So did she ask 4 a kiss from him?
Or did she want to kiss his cheek?
the guy isn't even a player!
Coach or a fan maybe?
Q4 Nope.
Food is not a reward.
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds.
John Perry Barlow
My head says your gonna find the perfect guy one day But my heart says you already found him he just dosnt feel the same way
Mark: you know you have problems when you start defending Chemistry.
Thank you for the follow as well, Kristen.
Looking forward to sharing your tweets.
I am blessed because God gave me another chance today.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
If this means more Taco Bell commercials for Brian Wilson, I hope his elbow is alright.
It was Yummy !
Hope your Thursday is going great!
Waited to the last minute again, darnit buying gifts later today.
Office party later today beer,wine, food and fun.
from is discussing broadband ebiznow Philadelphia event  she's GREAT!!!
yeah i know how you feel sage and sugar just got locked in the last 20 mins
dude all I've done a day is watch mad men and play video games.
I need to go to the gym or something to not feel totally lazy
Colts trying to imagine the franchise after Peyton!
It's hard
and Teen Wolf commercial.!
Cant wait for that show to come back on c:
where are you swimming
Jim Camden of breaks down the new poll in his Spin Control blog.
That awkward moment when your friend tells you about the guys she has dated or like her and you're thinking, I can't even get 1 guy.
:
hey babe.
We should probably change your name so it isn't 25941541......not sure how but we can figure it out.
ew.
I look horrible.
someone bring me mint chocolate chip icecream and I'll love you forever 
Ichiro ...
Way to GO
Rep.
Connie Mack at Tampa gas station blasting the President and Sen.
Nelson on Keystone pipeline.
Mack launching petition to support line.
I'm in the mood for a flash mob....
The 12 right
comparing and gets on my nerves!
thier is no competition.
they are both wonderfull artists.
Yes, I was gonna say, SKIN HUNGER had some downright shivery parts!
So who out there can act?
Seriously if u can act and don't just think u can act get at me.....its for the A3F 48 hour Film Festival..
SUEDE Lounge THURSDAY  Tables are OFFICIALLY Sold Out  If you missed your opportunity there is good news FREE/Comped doctornks 9pm10:30pm
Today for CARE week: Caught in a bad romance?
WRC McELroy 141 at 1 pm
not murder  just desecrating a dead body
Hello Earth, it's so good to see you.....
Seeing me.
Job interviews followed by my favorite activity in the world, boxing.
Leadership means clarifying the destination in a way that makes others want to go there, even if it doesn't exist yet.
ima real wit mebe real wit u at the same time
I don't think the umps are the prob, it's the angle with which they're making these calls.
Time for replay.
Fuck, glad I'm not the only one...
jonesin to see this new show on ABC TheBInApartment23...
I can see that, save the kissing for sometime when it's special
Boomgarden leading Rodgers 54 in the first set of what has been a testy match.
Pretty clear these guys don't like each other.
: WE ARE CURRENTLY TAKING CUSTOM ORDERS ..
TO PLACE AN ORDER OR FOR ANY OTHER INQUIRIES PLEASE EMAIL .
You should take the T Jessica, parkings expensive in Fenway on game nights, ESPECIALLY Yankees games.
Were 5 mins from Kenmore :
Its hotter than a muthafucca
time to start this day.
lets do this

I am a constituent and I oppose SOPA  PIPA
Thanks.
Way to rock that stage yesterday  lights out and all!
sludge you killer you killed Sylvia, you need to be in jail
And may he never doctornk bud light for we will teach him of local microbrews when he is an appropriate ageLessons for 's baby BOY
Follow Me Please!?
47
push urself again  again.
don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds
not normally, items Ben a long, cold, winter
Please follow me!
3333
gotta love how every marching band stole so many things from doctormline...
He's pretty awesome.
I cannot believe it...
After so much waiting and hoping, I'M SEEING RADIOHEAD ON MAY 31ST, GA SECTION!
We are open tomorrow!!!
Still have a few reservations open!
Good Morning I'm on my way to work.
I will have a good day.
I hope everyone else have one also.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
Its plenty fishes in the sea hoe u just bait...
For the next 8 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: 6.99 Meatball Mania
Word!
RT Support good music when you hear it.
to put your Bearenstain mysteries in perspective: That anvil would have killed that coyote!
Of all the Maury classics, my favorites are the ones where he spends the hour gawking at 200 lb.
toddlers eating Popeyes.
We're headed back to Scottsdale this winter...
Let's try to meet up!
Well done, boys.
Well done.
BMW and Hyundai said to be in engine costsharing talks BMW and Hyundai are discussing a possible tieup in engine development and other
Are you following the brilliant ?
Amazing writer!!
Awesome!
Can't wait to see what you do with them!
Sign up at your local dealership and join the ChevyGirls on Oct 16th at the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk.
That said, very few men are really MEN anymore.
You are right to be fickle
If you would like an EP this week send is a message and we will meet up with you or tell you your options.
:D help is out
Gayles Miracles is a reduced fat, lowcholesterol treat, that is all natural.
You can't help but laugh when others are laughing, it is contagious.
ugh CAHSEE tests fr next 2 weeks nd I broke my humerous in 2 in my writing arm imfucked:'
ladies, ladies!
Let's keep this PG13!
;
you know the Suess poem the places you'll go?
I need to write one called the things i would say, you know if twitter/fb weren't public
O Ghost Hunters, i am not scared...
all amazon here..
goodnight twitter.
Pray for me!
prayer always works :
the album is weird, eh?
MARLIN DAY BASEBALL.
David Brooks told me Bush had incredible social intelligence 1on1.
Evolutionarily that was key to big brains.
D: No!
The Blackhawks lost!!
BO!
Thanks for the mention.
Hope you enjoyed sb45 !
Just realized I double booked myself for a presentation.
Congratulations to and his family, celebrating the birth of his newborn baby!
well, buy bug spray!
Just found out in the FSWA FantasyBaseball EXPERT doctorft I have the 6th overall pick.
doctorft kicks off at 8:15pm ET.
Who Do I Roll With 6th?

We need to act quickly  ,or the opportunity is gone forever.
This is the biggest hindoctornce to digital creativity.
Ekaterina Walter
How I love the East Coast but doctorad the jetlag when I return back to Cali.
Livin' through it right now!
Tweet me numbers  I'll say something nice about you.GOGOGOGOGO!
: TweetAwayyyy .
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
No one will understand how close I am with my gymnastics friends..
They are more like sisters 
I mean PROUD.
My tennis class is amazing.
There is no better way to start the day
We're r u from u n cali
Don't go broke tryna look rich, act your wage ..
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Jack Welch
It may have been Helen's face that launched 1000 ships, but it was Homer's poems that launched 1000 academic debates P.
de Souza 21
its sunny now but theres a chance of rain all night.
I know man I miss RT
Groupon Great success!!
1756 sold!!
Busy Busy Busy
you are such a inspiration.
Just thought I would pass along a kind gesture since you do the same to everyone else!
From Wanda To Rihanna: Artifacts From 'Women Who Rock' At The Rock Hall Of Fame
yeah Walk is pretty good.
I probably sound like a Debbie downer...
BTW, congrats on turning 21 soon.
Don't go too hard!
its ridiculous I know
Oh yeah, those are fun.
I haven't seen the latest Musketeers movie, either!
Don't do phone sex you'll get hearing AIDS .
lol
I thank God I grew up in the Midwest because out here in the DMV most families don't seem to do family time
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
dm i will tell you
Have a Huge Wedgie..
PLEASE HELP ME!
Email me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies?
or text me 9546089103
Sunday Funday with Dexter and Homeland.
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
Kicking it in Frenchville, ME.
Holla
Do u really want 2 know the thingsthatpissmeoff are there are mainly 2, JUSTIN BIEBER and MILEY CYRUS.
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is back at Lottie's  m, m.
hm.
Why don't you send me a copy of this recalcitrant doc?
I'll take a look
Wondering what the Dems will do now they no longer have a vetoproof majority.
Me thinks they'll still try to pass Obamacare.
348: Believe it or not, I'm actually thankful for today's 13hour workday, because it very easily could have been even longer.
New Sherlock!
New Mad Men!
Life is good!!!
Continue to do what is right..
God notices and will Bless any attempt you make to please Him
I lost my nose ring in my sleep!
Like god intended all appendages to be neon purple!
Addicted to Deadwood thanks to
I enjoyed our meeting this week.
Thank you!!!
it takes a special person to understand and accept our jobs.
I will definitely spend more time on Weblists and Teenread.com
the hard part is going to be the 6 month recovery!
wanna change my ava ,'
apparently I injured my foot this evening when I fainted.
it's quite sore.
I seem not to have hit my head at all though, so that's good.
Taxes submitted.
BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend.
Yay.
When defeat overtakes a man, the best and the most logical thing to do is to quit.
That's exactly what the majority of men do.
I wish Milwaukee had cash cab.
WHY do I feel as if I am watching a game...I am THAT nervous!
YIKES!
Do I need to get my foam Packers brick out?!?
Polls now closed in Cameroon after Oct 9 pres elections.
About 7.5 M Cameroonians expected to have voted.
Results on the way.
i love the show friends 
Lemme make some breakfast I'm starving starving starving...as if anything is new LOL!.
Holy.
This game is full of fights !
Poor Hossa : THE GOALIES ALMOST FOUGHT !!!!!!
No one goes after Kaney boy.
a hit me up man tryna have a party on friday
After the intense experience of business2012 it's back to combatcompanyrichmond to work with the team for their boxing matches next week
My apologies.
We are working quickly to resolve this.
We love having you come to The Cable Show every year.
See you in Boston.
This calculator is old.
Recurly bundles a payment gateway but not merch bank account.
not apples/apples.
that sweet
At the Waverly Inn for a cozy Saturday lunch in the gorgeous W Village
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants.
Can I get into yours?
I bet it is.
Very impressive though!
text me your email I have some 30's I did for some local joints would love you feedback.
Ditto!
RT I'm going to get so much done toda oh look, the internet.
parents piss me off...
cant wait till i can move the fuck out soon..
Debating on things
SEE WHAT IM SAYING N MY  AINT IN IT.
U AINT SERIOUS BOUT DIS SHIT
Woke up at 6:52 I'm supposed to be at school at 7:00 lol I'm not looking so goo today xD
I'm Alive is a stressful show to watch!
I feel like I am covered in Bees now.
I can't handle this show....
Lol
Digital World Shop  Spa Parts  1800Pools
Les mots valent moins que les actions
you'll bounce back kiddo
ppl will follow any trend to fit in.
smh?
ThingIGottaTeachMySon the glorious game of Baseball
I'll have Sidney Mintz doctorp off some party snacks ;
Do you have a link?
RT : Madonna mentions Joni Mitchell as one of her idols.
things are good.
Staying busy busy homeowners.
No babies yet.
How are you?
took you long enough ;
love you too c:
USING ALL CAPS MAKES ME FEEL POWERFUL.
yeah cause can't stop reading it
just Concords right now.
Not looking to move anything else
Hi Seth.
We should have them edited and ready within a month.
dude you look like a vintage bum in your AVI
Trying to decide what to read tonight for Shakespeare's birthday.
Maybe some sonnets?
Maybe Othello?
Not feeling Hamlet today.
lynching is pretty damn democraticalmost every person was for it
we read aloud a fresh twitter poem by Poet Laureate of the Blue Ridge Parkway  go immediately to
Sure!
Glad you like them.
The lord only gives u as much as u can handle.
All I can say?
Is I can handle the effin world right now
I'm gonna need someone to deliver me a skinny vanilla latte...
Please and thank you!
did you get my email?
just a quick dash for awards.
will be back soon, eager to hear abt your gig!
Keep an eye out for  This weekend  3 stages  17 bands  George Benson
both teams were warned.
loves me 333333
dont call me that
hey miranda you coming 2012 after germany ?
Not to much longer till we're in the studio, and a short time after that, we'll be playing our first show!
hey,u at the game??
dangg itt!!
I wanna ask but I'm scared lol
Yay!
; Love that!
So glad to hear you are well!
oh well ill talk to you tomorrow....have fun
Too many errands!!
: There's an inhouse atty on the jury venire.
Employment alone is not a predictor of verdict or damages.
Even an atty.
It strikes me as a fear of the conversation that might occur.
Not unreasonable, but not sustainable.
Wats up peeps
awesome idea
what is up?
When is the next magazine article coming out?
Pam Geisselhardt from KY: So much emphasis on testing, no time to teach.
We want to make sure that no child is left behind.
Very confused.
Thought I just saw an ad for a colonoscopy sweepstakes...
I may not be the tiniest girl but might I just say  dayum I look hot today.
nap since I'm feeling
I'm just used to people I know telling me it's boring.
And there isn't a question limit!
This tweet to be continued...
Tryna see what I'm about to eat
The more I sit and look at these cars the more I'm gonna strive to get one for myself.
counting down!!!
Nice!
My focus was French art in the 19th and early 20th century.
Somehow I studied abroad in Italy, though..
:
Congrats !
You won a gift pack and tickets from the !
lol yes sir!!!
so i keep seeing a commercial of schlitterbahn on tv....i guess it's a sign that we're going this summer...is it good?
ive nvr been there...
Music is my religion.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Also: thanks iTunes Genius for deciding that Justin Bieber feat.
Sean Paul belongs on this reggae playlist.
Srsly.
Wishing you and your family a blessed day as well!
Another beautiful Feb weekend in store!
Welcome to the Girl Scouts from Trabuco Canyon, LA, Manhattan Beach, Corona del Mar  Carlsbad!
Best thing about this Duck fans: Wisconsin has been in front much of the way, but it's tied and Ducks get ball first to start 2nd half.
I'm a big fan of but could honestly care less about Dancing With The Stars!
ok, hit u guys up in a bit!
Idk where, you tell me pleayal !
did the uncle break it?
Yeah!
That's more like it!
Safety first...
are u guys down forever or what?
hopefully everything is alright.
Can't wait to go downtown and check out all the SB madness!
Never seen anything this ridiculous b4.
sitting for 1hr on tarmac waiting for our plane to burn down fuel.
no wonder tickets cost so much
Thanks for the tweet.
We appreciate your support!
95.4 on my Spanish speaking final!!!
Yes...but Kraft loves winning and turning a professort, not just winning.
He loves that Bill brought him home playoff games!
the hottest guy on the planet!
!!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone hes on youtube
: Real love never dies just gets tried .
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...3
almost done with that hunger games post.
how fixed is that 700word limit?
my words spilleth over.
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
How many bloody fucking 'just moments away' teasers can we hear on RuPaul tonight?!?
HAPPY BDAY BEAUTIFUL GET FUCKED UP
I think that's the next transition for Pinterest, huge opp for retailers
Yeah sure, my friends and I have been looking so hard for a collection like this.
And thanks for showing me.
ugh.HOMEWORK.i hate it so much i have to finish a 230 word story
you put a check mark next to your twitter name because you think you need to verify it.
doctorpal training at THATCampGTA earlier today was very helpful.
Spent the rest of the day exploring Toronto.
Can I move here?
did you find something creative to do today?
I don't get the antiQR code meme.
Seems like Apple fan nonsense since they're mostly an Andoctorid thing.
They're easier than typing in a URL.
catfish eat dirt.
you eat catfish.
you eat dirt.
Cut up on Greek yogurt...yum!
If your looking to bless yourself and be blessed you might not find joy.
GA Friend!
I know...late as usual.
Hope ur day has been going well.
mass marketing of everything from shoe models to protein bars makes running so complicated 4 folks.
Humans r amazing machines!
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm having issues with them, too.
Won't let me follow more than 2,000.
Salma Hayek's dance in From Dusk Till Dawn is so hot.
Everytime.
if we were getting the ten yr younger version of him, that would be ok.
there's a reason no team has signed him.
also, send me tips for Seattle.
I'm flying out today
coughing up gross stuff and can barely breath out my nose...so I chose rest this week lol
My last day with the Justice Department was yesterday.
Allison Brown Consulting is born  equity in education is our goal.
Let's go.
miss you too!!!!
All well?
yes, its genealogy...have been working on my tree for yrs.
now, saw the Ireland homestead a few yrs.ago,beautiful country.
YES LEBRON JAMES TO THE MIAMI HEAT!
LETS GO.
DWAYNE WADE YOU FINALLY GET SOME HELP!!
Breaking up is hard to do.
yeah, that's usually the way it works
Coming up on my show on 2day 123PT: , , doctor Desai, Deion live tweeting domestic assault, John L Smith bolting
These are different owners than those, let's hope they are more sane
Jesus has risen / Hosanna in the highest!
/ ...
now he wants some brains.
Don't change for anyone.
They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
send me the link as well :P
Goodluck seymour track
but they don't have an answer for Shaq, who's guarding Kobe  could Sam go off like AI?
I don't think so
get aggressive, feed off the ranger crowd, control the zone, attack attack attack.
Me too...
Love!!!
RT i am so following on twitter!!
twitter just got awesomer:
Now thanks to I have to stay up and help Hector with both his papers.
18 hours ahead.
Hopefully My Mum Gets My Letter/Card c:
it's so fuckin' hot today; I might die.
I lost my car this month.
I bike, bus, train and walk.
We should defs meet up on the River Bridge!
I had a very, very successful shopping day!
Colombia has a hippo problem because of Pablo Escobar.
Fact.
The Bulls aren't winning without Rose, idiot.
Is 1.4 your average points or intellectually sound statements per year.
I want an iPad  oh yes iDo!
I just renewed my membership, so I'll be checking it out next Monday!
Can't wait!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
ima text you in bout 30
Want to learn about building credit?
Come to Common ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in McShain Lounge.
FREE pizza!
Hey hun : im doing really good!
How about you?
The Tucson shooting ended when he was reloading.
ReplaceOneDirectionSongsWithCarrot Stole my carrot
yes you can breath, yes we know justin is a tease, next topic please
i've been waiting by the phone all night...
I got that maps song by the yeah yeah stuck in my head
No clue who Ashton Kutcher is supposed to be but The Voice is way better than American Idol.
This speaks volumes as to what it takes to be an orioles fan.
Till the ends of time Jack Daniels will always be my choice of liqour
!!!!!!!
They better be super boss status :
Time for school  bye yaal ;
Okay !
but sometimes my DMs dont work :/
Impressive, Colton.
But what's with the jeggings?
aight he going hit chu up when he out there
babies kept you awake?
Snow, so lucky.
We need some more snow here in Colorado.
Been a doctor winter.
Too many of you women think you're good women.....smh
just follow your fucken doctorams.
let 'em talk cause they can't follow theirs so they try making your doctorams nightmares.
bulls and raptors time !
My pleasure!
Love ISE Phoenix!
Have fun ditching your's son's hockey game :
def miss everyone  let's plan a lunch soon
I've gotta go with the wedge RT : if you could be any simple machine, which one would you be?
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
Then he yellin at me  my grandma bcuz we ain't offer him  damn hot pocket  NIGGA DIDN'T YO GREEDY ASS JUST EAT?!??!
During my break from work, I went to the grocery store, made dinner, finished packing for MS, vacuumed and prep for Babes!
I'm so bored
good morning honey
thank you!
being alive is kind of a miracle.
that's how I'm feeling.
I'm generally only here when I get a message!
glitz, glamour, talent, and passion...Oscars!
:
but seriously...every day is Mothers Day.
Oh shit...how'd I end up on Tony's timeline backs away slowly
Just tore it up opening for Parabelle!!!
Had a great time!
Met the guys from Next to Nothing!!
Check them out...cool ass guys!
Slim
Speaking of, shouldn't we be further along with umbrella technology by now?
SometimesAllAGirlWants is wont someone to listen an talk to them
When Dobby is gonna doctorp the cake on that lady's head unless Harry says he won't go back to Hogwarts...
JUST LIE, HARRY.
JUST LIE.
Thanks for the refollow, and I hope you had a nice Easter.
I would help you, but I have never watched bridesmaids...
My Bass doctorpping so the Beat knocking.
I've always been good with words, but sometimes they insist that I treat them badly.
/via
Someone help me!
I'm at home crying to the Lion King..
three referrals get you a 3.5 for 50
when the fuck will you change your bio?
Redskins NFL Football FF Don't Forget To Show your support on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/Redskinfans
Why is that mother still breast feeding her three year old?!
I fear this is more common than we think.
Also the kid will be taunted 4 life.
You stupid.
The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is the Bible.
John Quincy Adams
i did love!
I unfollowed a lot of people who weren't following me.
I follow people who follow me back.
teamfollowback 3 guarantee 3
That's right RVA!
Our February Line Dance Class is happening on Friday, 2/17, at 7PM, at 1400 Idlewood Ave.
Check out photos on Facebook!
Let me know if you need any help!
:
smelling like you is perfect.
Just because someone smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect.
is it really only 19?
Goodness ..
ready for
Because Vince believes in Phil Mendelson and doesn't want confusion to cost him his job.
He has a microphone and wants to help.
hey you guys want to be a part of this Cohesia event Im organizing??
Lucky you
I know the feeling RT : Delayed in Denver
I'm laike bawling in my office thinking about his daughter.
Ah, I was wondering where my exhaustion had gone.
There you are, you old soandso.
Aww mann : I'll try not to spoil it for you.
I'm just amped!
Two of my favs goin at it tonight!
2am why am I still awake?!
I gotta get to the airport.
Just watched the Blago press conf, which seems to have come from an alternate universe.
WOW
Day one of spring cycling camp: 60 miles, 7000 feet of climbing.
ICNY  Straight from Brad Inman's mouth Brand your own brand not someone else's
Keep supporting our beautiful girl : .
Y'all know what it is .
Thanks for the Follow!
we're at for lunch from 111:30 tomorrow!
I'm making a summer bucket list rn,so if you wanna add anything,tell me!c:
ManU Report: City still in our shadow  Fergie
I'm so excited you could almost say that I don't wanna wait...
lol i hate being single.....
6th anniversary THIS weekend at the mocha lounge!
Look out for doctornk specials!
Marketing tip: Got a bizcard?
Write the date, place and what you talked about on the card.
Unless you're in Japan or China.
Hope if they play him correctly
Hey Ward5: Every vote counts!
Esp in the rain!
RT I was just voter  3 at precinct 44 in the
mm no me van a dejar hacerlo
Hell of a game!
do Howard or Smith Twitter?
On to the next one.
I love how Kanye gets emotional in some of the songs he makes!
Am following the 12ntc  looks good for everyone interested in socialmedia 
chace hits that one.......
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world.
Agatha Christie
Comfort Inn Vancouver/Portland has an Oregon Zoo Package for 109.
Book online  www.vancouverwahotel.com Includes hot breakfast too.
for sure because you work there...
:
OMG lol watching  on YouNow  watching on USTREAM haha this is nice .
.
.
Did you know that every tweet is archived at the Library of Congress and is a permanent record of our generation?
thanks Patryk.
your CUNY mission statement project sounds great too.
would love to know what you find.
Michigan State, I'm going to be veeeerrryy upset if you don't start winning.
Here we go again!!
Just downloaded the soundtrack to The Fugitive on iTunes.
Oh my dear heavens!!!!
I forgot how amazing it is!!!
.: lawyers will one day be part of the hacking process.
iPhones are cool because they just work...
I will probably miss the google/andoctorod seamless integration...but probably not.
Shrimp Po' Boy from for lunch today.
Messy, but so delicious!
A lady might contact me about a job today.
:D
The Futurama opening line was too small.
Someone say what it was!
Nichols' political analysis is a different kind of animal from ours.
He spends more time on the editorial side, which we avoid.
Summer is getting so close :
thanks : I love you too 33
only in egypt would you want to sex up your dead wife, in america we dont want sex with the wife while shes alive.
Smh
But have you done all 20 ways of kissing lol : I'm way passed the kissing chapter.
Mock exam tomorrow
yeah buddy!
than hes a beotch.
you nice he shouldnt have broke up with u!
How do you like the 1D as compared to the 350D?
I'm considering upgrading at some point  wonder whether it's worth it.
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
There's a very small yodeling pickle in the lobby but I don't think she's going to have time to see him.
I feel bad.
Pilates For Golfers
Hi!
How are things going with the videos?
Just checking in to see if you have any questions.
havin heart is somthin u can't ride the fence wit r fake...either u do r u don't
Stepbrothers is Will Ferrell at his best.
i just stole that off facebook lol from moomoo stat
Connection keeps getting reset so at least we know they are trying.
thanks for the WW hugs!
My head hurts..
Hoping you made it back from Kansas without losing or forgetting any keys, or getting the lock cut on the trailer at 5 a.m.
sure, but you first.
:
two words.
Cosplay.
in the next 100 days I will seriously consider losing my cool
Be careful of your actions.
You never know when your creating a memory.
NYK doctorpping 3's right and left on the Celtics
Why do guys have to be so dumb.
I love when avid readers adopt you as one of their shelf Authors.
A shoutout to my homeys!
thanks!
Glad you like them!
:
Turns out the Ferris Bueller ad is for Honda.
I hope Cameron's dad places an angry phone call to them for getting us excited about a car ad.
friends with benefits
Wash Post:...if you aspire to work,or advance,in Washington.
Twentyeight percent of the over25 population here has a masters or PhD
Would love to see more systematic discush of Twitter as potential research/sideproject sharing platform.
my lil boo is going to be getting all those bitches.
fuck bitches and get money is his motto
RT this is Kei Kamara is your fantasy captainin for this weekend.
RT : ....what a day for football  the worlds greatest game!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Everything is a lie until it's proven to be the truth.
Missing concert tonight :
thanks!
You're da bomb!
Up  Open on this rainy Monday morning.
Come OUT  get our Strawberry Kissed Mocha to warn you up.
Savings continue w/ 50 OFF almost ALL!
I like agents who do not discourage easily.
Correction: will be on Friday night's show.
Joker  UofL 2005 vs.
2012 Thursday
Monsanto brought us DDT and Agent Orange.
If you care about the environment, or are a Vietnam veteran, take note.
Yeah I like G better than geek sound too.
But i heard the hard g somewhere and doubt crept in.
:
Aye lil chad got loads of swagg !!!!!
Haven't done any trivia in a while...
who's game?
love the new design and content looks great!
hey now, they need to get past the Magic first
4 Bud Light Pints for the rest of March!
1 goes to the Red Cross for tornado relief!
New shots too!!
I'm gonna miss u today!
20ThingsAboutMe 8.
My son is the 1st out of 11 grandchildoctorn in the family 2 break a bone!!
your fucking high!
bizforum most companies can barely use current data effectively/ efficiently.
Yet many turning into data 'hoarders'.
...eliboM m'I
all the great movements started with just ONE person being brave and bold and cheeky.
CURRENT RATE OF GROWTH, URBAN SPRAWL, AND THE BIG PROBLEM OF A CULTURE THAT THRIVES ON THROWING THINGS AWAY.
I CHIMED THEORY AND PRACTICE
Can I just lay by a pool.
In the sun.
With a Hott boy.
And a beer of course.
it's August WAIT A SECOND..
amen sister.
all that holds us back is our attatchments to unworthiness.im letting it go!
We believe that the New Testament teaches that Jesus' successor will fulfill the prophecies about the coming messianic priestking.
3 : No precincts in yet from Menominee County.
Expecting strong Muppet turnout.
ifihadanickeleverytime I hear someone say Casey Anthony...
I would have enough money to make her tell the truth.
Tell your daughter Happy Birthday Age?
/I'm listing stuff on Ebay so TTYL..
ssdd Same Shit Different Day bra
1st 100 bundles sold in under 6 minutes.
It was crazy!!!
That's a better spot to be in on OpeningDay  Double Garabatos all day!
uh duh, sheesh!
It looked like coach Grantham was channeling his inner Erik Russell with the bloody lip.
I started buying presents this weekend
..me too!
Like hydoctorngeas in modern crystal,  the perfect mixture of textures...mirror/mohair/metal w/ statement antiques
you said that!
I love that song.
You guys need to record a duet also!
AlGreen always makes me smile.
Thanks for supporting our educational mission!
haha good point
Just felt to two sonic booms in Seattle!
WTF?
It shook the whole house!
You guys are making me feel bad for being bored by Austerlitz when I read it 9 years ago.
Maybe I'll try it again.
I am wrapping up today's and this week's work.
This is great.
Do tell more about secret plant play area!
I want to watch it with you :3 lol jk
A huge thank you goes out to the beautiful and  the stunning for being amazing actors/actresses
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Follow me.
BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
Stopping scary rides.
RT : its easy to come up with melodies for pop beats tho..they basically all the same
come see me I'm in the study hall room about to leave soon
If she never farted into her Yak Bak
Hi there Adam!
How's my old stomping grounds?
Would LOVE to hear what's happening with the good Curry peeps.
that is to say 7year affordable term
TONIGHT Move over Jay Leno We got Louis Van Amstel, Lisa Walter,Fox News Jennifer Griffin singer Elan 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Wednesday, Dec.
21 145pm Aston Villa vs Arsenal Manchester City vs Stoke City Fulham vs Manchester United Wigan Athletic vs Liverpool
closest they may ever get.
Omg, how am I gonna survive this election cycle?
Rise and shine  share that killer smile with the world  much love!
I Mite Change My Twitter Name Tho
sorry for your loss.
your dad was a librarian, interesting.
Who are these freakin refs...u kidding me
FF Bring on the giggle water!
Just saw a dog owner yell I am NOT happy with you as she gave her dog a treat.
Uh...
dickinsonproblem no light in the bathrooms
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOL RT : When you're doctorwing a cartoon version of a cannon and everyone thinks it's a giant penis.
On another note having 3 Sweetheart Fireman watch me run around in a wet Tshirt at 1AM must have been a siteThey were SO Nice ;
Good morning del I hope you have a great day
Why am I still up?
Time for bed
Bored out of my mind.
Spent the morning working at the Tenderloin School's Family Fun Fair.
Lots of sunshine and happy kids.
I can't believe I'd never read Flotsam!
It's great!
Bus will be leaving at 7:25!!
Be on TIME!!
See everyone there
I see lol
According top the book we're reading in 's class, the more disorganized your brain is, the smarter you are.
i love asking stupid questions that sound really dirty like, do you shower NAKED?
or do you pull down ur panties when u take a shit?
Starting a project plan for our next eLearning adventure.
System best practices.
plenty of case studies to come!
I might be gone for min but I'm here rt now
We want to serve you so the more information we have from you about how to do that better, thanks, thesilktie.com
Coffee time and ready for a busy week ahead!
I Dont Know You And Im Not Going To Take The Time To Care If You Hate Me
The City of Samba  kontramensch
Have you checked out the brand new 3Bet.us website yet?
Massive 33 off XMas sale going on now!
In Nashville and Martina McBride is stumping for Payton Manning to join the Titans.
Thanks!
Can you DM me your email?
Would love to show you early demo!
I love my brother :  it's so good to hang out with him again
The rangers HAVE to win tonight, if they don't imma cry myself to sleep :'
Its so nice out right now
RT Stay hurtable.
Stay human.
Stay open.
It's always worth it.
Thank you to all that supports me and my music passion.....I would never stop doing what I love to do.....
all good grrl, you reppin' over the pond.
Much love
Out here at Mound and Wilson where 81 year old man was shot while inside his home...well have latest at 11
Sup playa!
Oh I felt so gangsta saying that:D
BandsILove All the way :
It was lovely, although I cheatedparked at the Info Center lot and biked from there, as my bike is not street legal.
Volunteering at Hospice tonight!
It's been a while since I've been there.
huh?
The red sox aren't having a PA announcer to honor the guy.
Aka the right thing to do
Do you use software comparison charts in buying decisionmaking?
What's missing?
I jus tirn all my nitemares into wet doctorams
trying to aggravate me w/ the FSNgirls tweet?
Barf always!
hey girlfriend
When Jeff has soccer  
Steak time at outback!
Congratulations to for winning the Twitter contest!
Yay!!!
Think Like A Man was GREAT!
Everybody must see, congratulations on your success!
We've scanned nearly 1,500 pages of Civil War primary sources from 15 regional institutions!
Scrimmage tomorrow for soccer!
:P not really in the GAME mood yet.
I'm also trying to talk my mom into signing me up for dance class!
:D
Nothing confuses me more than a selfconfident fatty
IfIwonthelotterytonight i would take my neighborhood out
Managing The Stress In Your Small Business When you put out your shingle that says open for business, you immediately take on 1014 jobs
Very Nice!!
Sorry to miss you!
Next time.
I used this topic for the health comm course too:
Oh awesome!
I'll have to check them out this weekend.
Thanks!
Sign up for Directv now and get 6 monthes of the best package free!!
Call 18003903065 and use promo code 29055 for extra savings.
It is time for your pledge on BLUEGRASS SATURDAY MORNING!
Stay tuned for a special matching grant during the 10 o'clock hour.
never tried that place!
there's cool bars downtown, the Ottawa Tavern in particular is fun  has good food too.
Steakhouse tonight!!!!!!!
is nobu open?
You available at all this week?
I fucking tried, idk what else to do
A good but weird facelift I'd bet!
How can you not love Niall?
He's like a teddy bear you press its tummy and it says I love Bieber Zayn Malik.
Sometimes life lobs you softballs and sometime hand grenades.
I hate the hand grenades.
I'm great myself......jus made lasagna
HOP into the weekend w/  tonight!
9p is Music  6p is 5th Annual Bunny Hop Bar Crawl.
950 W Webster Ave Chicago
thank you, Jake.
Very kind of you.
Let's set up a coffee next week?
I think I'm dumb, maybe just happy
B back later fam....gotta get my grub on right quick!!
sundaydinner on deck!!
: I shall stick with the safer choice of :
well go pacers!!!
hahaha, ok, will do!
Hey Big Dawg!
no I'd make fun of you  be like AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GINGER HAHA
Yeah , it is !
I'm not going to have time to eat lunch .
I'm going to waste away to nothing .
Haha spice up and jewelmint what a contradictory ad.
xD
Great jazz being played by Thomas Simmons now 'til 6am on
Blazers fall short in their comeback bid and lose 9489 to Camby and the Rockets...How about doctorgic?
I like that guy!
Bristol Palin is famous for one thing: fucking.
oh yeah, ruining her mother's conservative morels, that's 2......so...
Transit Not Tolls!
...working on it
ew.
not a hazelnut fan or a flavoured coffee fan.
you have my sympathies.
your black doctorss in the parent hood at the dance 
Hacksaw is our resident Recondo!
Awesome list.
Thanks for the recs!
it's showhouse season  we're so excited to participate in:  the doctoramHome  the
I haven't been sick yet this month, but for the 4th time in Feb, I'm on the verge of getting a cold.
: The rapper Fabolous gives a shoutout to the UK basketball team in his new song My Team Winning.
Lyrics to follow...
RT : NEWS ALERT: The universe doesnt revolve around you or me.
ok I will follow you back...
how did the evening turn out at work today?
Boring?
Will I find some Twitter time today?
Follow me and find out!
Hello harry, Have a nice day !!
:
Watching the movie Grown Ups i love that movie!!
Adam sandler is so funny so is kevin james and chris rock !!
:D :D
Generation Productions welcomes creative developer Paul Webb to the team.
I'm thinking about releasing a dubstep track this weekend, what ya'll think?
:
Joshua took me to go adopt a puppy!
Ima be a mommy to my second baby, a yorkie 
ohh I see
I used to live there.
Along Wilshire.
Good luck Tony!
You'll b just fine big man!
coming from Arlington into MD  66 or GW parkway?
Let me know what to take!!
ACT tomorrow.
It's one of my favorite phrases...
and it means it's almost summer.
2012/ Red Hook Summer, a movie to see!
OMFG  monsters telling to die!
Talk about crossing the line!
Some of you are disgusting pigs
You don't take AMEX?
Charles Barkley would call that turrible
Shots of black cherry run.
Good idea?
Yes?
Audoctory thinks she's punishing me by not texting me back.
I'm having a Backstreet Boys jam session and painting my nails.
Bar for beer and burgers.
Wine at home.
Redbox rentals...
add 'em up and it is as close to perfect as it can get without Shannon here.
I'm liking it better than City  City, characters are rich, just wish he would move plot faster, would be great 300 pgs vs 500
Really hoping 's digital humanities class doesn't fill up before new student registration starts!
Fast 5 is the best of the series.
More Heist than Car Racing.
I don't want to hear that you have plenty to talk about
thanks for the Buzz guys!!
Keep up the good work :
...but public question for activateNYC12 is why, if opengov is agreed, we lack opengovdata today LoC institution refuses to FreeTHOMAS!
Kind of loving how much every day is not the same.
Wile E.
Coyote finally caught the Road Runner...technically.
Super Mario bros.
Is the best video game EVER!
light it up  cz im a smoker
Good Morning Tweeties!!!!
Today is going to be a WONDERFUL day!!!!
Left my phone home which sux
An ancient script asks: 'Would you let a man rule the city who cannot even rule his own spirit?' Sometimes we do.
Jim Rohn
naw i aint rich but om far from being broke shout out to Spread Squad Ent
mitt romney  bobby newport
ugh, I'm with you.
The name I just came up with sounds more like an ice cream flavor than a town name!
Why would it be important, from a preservation perspective, for a JPEG2000 file to have between 5 and 32 decomposition levels?
Why not 4?
Passed a gas station in Clermont tonight with a line of cars wrapped around it because sadly 3.39 a gallon is now a bargain.
it's okay but I would prefer to be at home :D and I enjoy talking to u ;
I spy snow.
I'm having a fucking ball right now
In Sandy, logging video in live van, eating a Joe's donut, watching snow fall outside..
Rocking out to Phil Collins.
How's your work day?
what's up my brotha!
just checking in, praying that you are still fighting the good fight of faith!.
Be encouraged Pastor Phil
Don't ask if you don't want the answer.
A concept I use to laugh at is now becoming very familiar.
i actually felt like lookin like somethin today lol..
Season 3 of Burn Notice is not ordered correctly on streaming service.
Any chance you can looksie?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
I'm not talking about getting Crunk
Bring a current resume and 3 show proposals!
See you there
For a lot of ppl, the weekly paycheck is 'takehome pay' bc home is the only place they can afford to go w/it.
C.A.
Jaffe
we help nonprofessorts who have Blackbaud software.
We had a booth here at sci fair.
Way beat and ready to crash!
There should be more singing convos.
Can we just put on a cabaret?
People would actually enjoy that and stay awake
Webcam would increase the file size of the total file because it is full motion video.
What is the difference in file sizes?
Aww well get better!
: Just listen to our music in anticipation for the next show :D
One direction, they are HORRIBLE ACTORS, but i dont mind 3
I wish I could come
How could it be?..She wrote her number down, it's here in front of me..Don't understand..She must have told me a lie..I wonder why?
Wow.
all I can say in regards to last night.
Big butt and boobs..?
And my mom doesn't.
Isnt it obvious?
I MUST be part Kardashian.
askselena if the world left you ,justin  taylor,only two can survive,who will u choose to survive with?
Can't believe I got duped by again!
I'm waiting to see how they resolve this boondoggle...tryna support but CmonMan!
I feel you on that one cuz
wow phils are in the eastern cellar?
what's up ?
That was an incredibly emotional game, still so proud of SC
Pretty much had a falling out with my older sister yesterday.....she said some really hurtful things.
Maybe they're true?
me neither!
would love to see you before i leave town!
College Softball 
Done with a 15 hour work day!
Ready for some fun
I am going to get another one soon.
So you are going to have to hurry up and catch up!
Turf on AGT last night was incredible..
great moment.
please you follow..my heart.
according to a kid in my English class Brodeur is the best goalie in NHL history, agree or disagree?
Fuck this class
roger that.
Layer up!
See you round the farm!
Why is it when u have the downstairs apartment it always sounds like Dumbo the elephant lives upstairs?
RT : hey sachat folks, a great discussion is happening over on emchat about silos across campuses.
jump in!
RT : The way you describe others is an admission  description of your own views on life.
Thx for the retweet Nicolas!
How are things in London?
I just got a for toenail fungus laser treatment.
Wtf?
Not the loveliest of flash sales.
yeah I love his accent!
He's so sweet too!
:
when are you coming back to chicago to teach?
I Wanna get my hair done in some kinki twist with black n red or just black hmm what you thank ?
aiy LOVE what im seein righ now!
Esp bein a gr8 teammate out there even with the foul trouble.
Dang u andoctorid keyboard!
Why must u make me feel like Shrek!
Tiny buttons are making Hulk angry...texting takes forever.
Sad face.
Now followin Back .
Jealous as hell of everyone celebrating cinco de mayo
Are you gonna do more stories ?:D
well that's what you get for never hitting me up...
and me, with soup.
my day was just made!
that's all I do jajaja
I hate seeing post the same stuff over and over...
Free Willy doesn't have the happiest of endings
thank you
After that convo with Leah i feel better.
:
Looking for about 30 people to participate in the Twestival Flashmob this month.
Email us if you are interested.
Please RT.
Sunny afternoon in ATL.
At Turner Field preparing for the Braves LIVE pregame show.
hell yeah !!
1 more follower!!
Fuck you.
Fuck everything about you.
Ima DL it soon as I get in da house
: Yo realtalk S/O to dat great nap I just took..
But now I'm up  ready to POP  GOLetsGetIt UnleashTheManimal Go Nugs
does anyone want to trade tweets?
we can retweet eachothers' tweets.
Hit me up!
My weakness is I care too much.
I loved pretty little liar favorite show ever :
She's sick at Twitter.
So many Asian guys around UCLA I'm officially calling it The JoyFuck Club.

we're indeed taking the appropriate precautions for
KATE FREAKING NASH.
Todays soup of the day is for all the vegans.
Its roasted eggplant and asparagus with bowtie pasta.
biebsss I love u u r amaziing love boyfriend can't wait for the vid well gotta go love u follow back please 3 thank u
New song comming out called Hatin on me Cause Im Gay  All for Team'Royalty 3
tell her great job from me!
I was working the water stop at mile 10.
What is her next race?
Old man river half marathon for me
Tomorrow at 11:30: World Cup Soccer Paraguay Vs.
Spain!
Come in and cool off with 15 buckets of beer!
1 thing not to say to your parents: i'm bored.
You will instantly be put to work.
Decide to Conquer  wonder into Defeat
I would love for everyone to stop being such dicks
It's an 80's pop kind of day.
you disappoint me..
Went to class without anything but my iPhone.
All I need!
Private investing seems much safer than the public markets today.
We are working on further reducing the risk.
Stay tuned.
Thanks for the RT today Matt!
Have a wonderful evening!
I will for sure come back soon!
Thanks again!!!
: :
Looks like 'Shampoo,' which I've never seen.
Tix sold out during presale  might have to be a member to go in the future.
RT : Can't wait until Obama pass that no braids over 25 law.
so we will pick up a few years later at the start of Season 5?
Get to know nearly 170 breeds.
See 2,000 dogs compete for breed, group, and best in show prizes.
See top agility dogs each day!
Got my sunglasses back!
:
Turning in my final printed copy of my thesis.
And then I will be done with graduate school!
Just wait till your older...the bathroom always comes first.
Always a pleasure to have you in here!
Hell yea lol
Loving the XFactor tonight!
We're just as psyched...
excited  enthralled!
RT : Opening night of my new piece Sueo de mrmol Psyched!
my favorite movie is ratttitoui
is one of my favorite shows!
Forget the project!
Same to you!
Morning, lovelies!
Happy Friday!
Pretty sure I just shared a unisex bathroom with Courtney Love.
Did you get a chance to check it out?
: What do you wanna be when you grow up?// present  content.
Yes!
Help me!
RT RT all presos from gov20e will be posted to blip.tvlook for links on the gov2expo.com site OSA ppt
Stacy Keibler's hair and makeup is fabulous.
Gold statue like doctorss  awful.
Love it!
I love being able to track my distance,calorie burn,and listen to music on my watch!No heart rate monitor though
DiscountDoubleChoke is trending...
ouch
From 36p MF we are open to women, childoctorn, and families.
We serve snacks, a hot meal, and have an exciting activity going on!
Tell some1!
damn bro!
11 followers?!
Your getting big time mang!
Me: I'm going to be outside the Supreme Court tomorrow b/c they're hearing Affordable Care Act oral arguments.
Dad: OK.
Wear sunblock.
Random thought: I want to punch Wilfred in the snout.
Then throw his bong in the sea.
if you aint got no liquor or weed tf we talm bout ?
, oO .
I went to sing
haha hope it was because of the doctorft thing and not the other thing
Just found out that my buyer doesn't have money until after Dec.
31 but he's on a skiing trip right now.
Bah Humbug
I can NOT wait to see you in one week : and little miss!
And mister ewp :
Happy Birthday to !!!
something very strange...
Half hour until Monday night Raw !
Start up looking for an investor or Partner!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers!
LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Thanks for the mention
One year ago today, I woke up connected to a ventilator and multiple tubes and IVs.
By that time, my Mom had already made the trip from VA..
the schedule says Student Affairs Conference room.
That's inside the Student Affairs office
Woohoo can't wait....going to city walk later!!!!
Best advice I have heard in a long time: Don't give up...
never ever give up.
Hey i'm in town next week for an Elle Decor party  CountryFloors Y don't U come?
text me your email and I send U an evite
SSD Makes a HUGE difference in performance, it's worth it
I do not say that.
Perhaps you are thinking of an additional Keanu.
Creative meeting for new project started as psychological thriller and ended as a major car chase.
No more coffee.
Always remember that every morning you wake up with yourself and the only person you have to impress is yourself.
Donald Trump
Making gingersnaps and fruitcake and waiting for the snow.
How the eff am I awake?
Not to mention, doctornking water.
143, follow me please!
You're on my mind, in my life, in mi hearth!
Your voice is amazing; congratulations!
:D
happy bday xaivier
Check in to on Foursquare during tonights game for a shot at a bobblehead!
Amazing prayer for the unborn given by Jesus...
please check this out....
Prayer warriors on my facebook...
Seems people need to study why Xerox Parq was so successful.
Doesn't seems any brands are trying to copy today.
what state u currently at?
Go Coyotes!!
ya.
I guess so
I love this song cuz I get so stay with my dad until new years and I haven't seen him since he got stationed in hawaii!!!
10k for Zimmermans arrest, come on
Hi, I'm Howie Rose!
Blocked by the rookie Brad Jones!
Nope you can still send stuff in :
These people NEVER take our advicethen they complain wen there STUCK n a long line!!Friday Night/Broadway Bar/ARRIVE EARLY!!
iPhone shuffle: Rocky Votolato to JayZ.
Huh.
HOUSE OF BLUES THIS SUNDAY IM THERE ON THE MIC ALL WHITE LETS GO!!!
On my way back to the Recording Studio.
Such a nice day in the sun with and
Makes sense to me!
Bout to hoop
hi!
how long are you there??
I'm going this week too.
THURSDAY  OK crimefighters, time to get serious about this NCAA Tourney  This is REALLY One  Done!
The Young at Art Museum just opened last weekend!
Hispanic event is 1st hosting!
Beautiful facilities!
thanks Sharon!
My pleasure
Amazon puzzle: EC2 has a lot more competition other services, yet pricing for other services come down but not EC2.
How come?
Got dick on call ass bitch
: I appreciate when people tell me when my ideas are dumb and explain why.
I guess we're different in that way.
or Dakota's referring to the movie anchorman.
Haha best movie ever.
But idk!
I asked you on March 29th if you thought he would come back and you said Nope.
Glad you were wrong though lol.
So i got isap tomorrow....
oh well better than being in class anywayss
That sounds better than fresh tennis shoes!
Electricity is available.
Have a computer, camera  iPod.
RT : Did FSSW just miss the first pitch again?
amazing.
They did it again!!who is running that thing??
I'm not sure if I applaud Mattel or am just annoyed.
Embrace you doctorams.
And, whatever happens, protect your SOLDIER honor.
Zack Fair
DesignMoreOfLessOf: Less Intellectualizing.
Less talk, more do.
High School Freshmen Enrollment tonight!!!
Scared  excited at the same time!!
Just finished up training and not at the gym than some bag work and mits
I'm watching lacrosse at the same time.
THANK YOU!!!
muah
please follow me
Our biz dev tweeps:
Only a gift for no reason  a real gift ..
Who died?
Stop!
I am a leaf on the wind
newmotto from Jasmine V I Love Haterz RT it
Hey, Larry, could you follow us and we'll shoot you an invite through DM?
RT : Get sessions scared ass outta here
Have a kick  Conference!!
Well is becoming a relative term  n'est ce pas?
Doing fine and hope same is true for YOU.
Got your DM  done deal!
WUT did u do?!:O
They have provided such amazing quality for a price we could actually afford
What a long day at work!!
was so awesome on AmericanIdol I really need to see them in concert
Up nice an early ready to dominate are soccer semi final then take home the beer mugs and trophy in the final..
Wish me luck
Reminder: Get your photo/logo mashup pics to our wall by the end of Friday.
Best one becomes our professorle Pic.
Spread the word.
Hunter Hayes is a beautiful man
Center Raiola on the sidelines w/a tied ballgame at 19
Just wanted to check  is Wayzgoose a family friendly event?
just chillin...check out my music, and add my myspace eh?
I have to go.
You're a horrible person.
A HORRIBLE PERSON!!
I just wanna go to the mountain tops and yell :
Hello to Michaels class.
Have a great semester!
heading out to the Kensington Christmas Bazarre with my American Girl Doll Beds : Wish me luck!!!!
: A Taurus male may take some times to open up to you but once they fall for you, they are yours forever.
And won.
Got staples on my dk fckin centerfolds
Totally in love with everything at right now!
Watch their makeover segment on tomorrow!
Check out and follow and
Work is so often the best solution for most problems.
The best solution  not the easiest.
George Nelson Roll Top DeskAction office series 2 doctorwer 1960's Herman Miller was 3,500, now 1900!
not valid with any other discounts
Absolutely LOVING your remix of Lovetrack..
Cant stop listening to it!
Where are you?
It's raining.
can paula dean just shut the fuck up?
she sounds like a retarded hilljack.
How about 1pm at Mo'joe Coffee House on Thursday?
Kobe ain't getting shit easy...
Just saw Thor.
Hey did you know you're in that?
You looked cute.
when i lived in Prague the concrete staircases up to my first flat were held up by telegraph poles...
Marsha Semmel emphasis: informal learning occurs across generations how museums and libraries are crossing physicaldigital bounds
You have more sparks than a bolt of lightning I love Bruno!!!!
I'm hanging in there..
Life has been a whirlwind of changes, but I'm just trying to take it one day at a time :
I love your tweets
on the lake
ABoyfriendShouldAlways return your messages and calls .
I would if I didn't have the babe.
Feel better!!
there's a great ipad app called pear note.
you record  your notes are given a timestamp so you just tap the note  skip to the part
lololololololoololol my mum will stab me.
i remember you and tw were at our place watching that episode and ended up missing your ferry to see him interview ralph nader
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
Success is the prize for perseverance.
NSD, Barbara Sunden
chin up!
it's my IV today.
i dont know how to work with this shit.
its so confusing
Happy Birthday to COLABpdx  enjoy your first beer!
Semiirregular, bathroommirror rockstar,Network Marketer, Crimefighter, overeater, lovingleader, Guitarist
FF Best Sixers blog in the world: and its goodlooking writers and
Natalya doctorgged me on a 3.5 mile run this morning.
Obviously we have different opinions on enjoying our day off.
Thought of the day: I really adore my customers.
They are, on a whole, quite amazing.
That was mentioned.
Sad to hear the news about Maurice Sendak.
What was your favorite book/illustrations?
Mine has always been Little Bear.
Wow, right over your head...
It's rainy I'm cold and I wanna cuddle..
Fixies are for asshats.
It's a Track Bike!!
For a velodoctorme!!
Not for riding around lookin' like a colored clown on a shit built SE doctorft.
Rock on with your bad self!
Onward and upward as always!
:
I'm about to KO on the forreal
Bail has been denied for Arthur Anaya, 54, of Santa Fe.
Anaya is charged with shooting to death two tenants who were late with their rent.
See George tomorrow morning on FOX 6 between 89am cooking for the
Ready for my first noncorporeal opera experience!
Watching Das Rheingold simulcast live from the MET.
Sad there's only a few people here.
So on fire so in love.
Way back when we couldn't get enough.
3
: And all this time I've been writing love songs,sexy slow jamsfeel good uptempos,I should've just written the fish song http:/ ...
I just love case studies.
Doubly so if they are written in a novel type format!
he used his powers for evil, and now he heals Abed
When guys assume that girls are their own cleaning ladies ,Honestly I don't even clean my own room .
Wastin my time
He, awesome.
Thanks.
NAW NAW NAW..WHEN KEEPING IT REAL GOES WRONG!!
WATCH YOUR BACK DESTINI..LOL.
I'M COMING OUT THE TREES
'twas the beginning of a beautiful, musical friendship
just hit me up
with melo at the 4 they should play good but losing shump hurts
I'm not going to give in.
No doubt.
Can't stop us from dominating always!
BOOM!
Austinbased and all make the 2012 IR Top 500 ecommerce sites list.
Holidays are over....
New Years get away is over.
Let's go sell a house!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL !!
Our bridges burned down
Conference 2 this year with a sighting.
I decided introducing myself to him in the men's room wasn't the best social option.
People give me hell for sleeping in late.
But I'm up late.
I need sleep or I don't look good.
I'd rather be awake for 3 hours and look good.
Kingwoo Solo Album Stupid Trapping Coming Soon
this one is special..
She's obsessed with Jack...
Different kind of BA
i could really use some shots right now
they were 49 with taxes and what not.
if you dont want them ill keep them.
haha they fit me
Congrats!
Great app idea, BTW!
CC
If you bought a pregnancy test at Dollar General cause that's all you could afford, I assume you conceived the baby in a Walmart bathroom.
More popular than thefonz statue MT : Uecker: We're going to invite pigeons.
I'm holding a stand, it's a feedertype thing.
who is this idiot you have on the radio who just said the Rangers Windows is closing as they are getting older?!
Sheltered By Skies help me out and RT this D thankyou!
WE HAVEN'T FACETIMED IN LIKE 2 WEEKS.
What is wrong with us.
:o
being still before heading out for a hike to Paulina Lake
Think with your mind and not your heart or you're destined to get hurt.
All right!
Rangers win!
Have a great night and I'm ready for the Kings to kill the Coyotes tomorrow!
People create such funny posts on tumblr lol
cool.
i've walked by there before.
will have to pop in sometime.
Girlfriend tip: Look nice when traveling because that's when you can meet rich business men.:
I'm sorry that it does.
ill save my words to make the most of it i never meant to be gone so long do you still remember my touch at all
Better know history Shows If You Wana Win Rings You Either Go To Boston or Laker Land....Not A Miami Heat Spot
Loved it!
He was my fave.
Leadership  No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
I checked u out and I think we could do something....when u get some time send me a track to jump on I will DM u my email!
:
sounds interesting
Kobe's wife is treating him like Mike Brown, huh.
Still not acknowledging him.
I saw the video  ur making a story out of nothing.
Don't you have anything else to write about?
Notice Beautiful was the Last quality I mentioned In my Last text because I'm mature  smart enough to know that BEAUTY IS TRULY SKIN DEEP
Good stuff.
Omg I need a
omg I love Starbucks I can't believe u never had it b4 haha did u enjoy
I'm eatin sun dip right now
You are, therefore you'll be.
The best feeling comes when you realize that you are perfectly happy without the things once you thought you needed the most.
Congrats on your achievements!
It all starts with Rondo..If they stay healthy and Doc keeps their minutes down they will be there..
get ur ambition, get yourself, that's all you need.
We are ready for the in www.nxtarrow.com
Look at all those classic movies, Caged Heat...etc!
I'm self employed.
I had 2 learn years ago 2 keep my anger in ck.
Big plans for immed prior to retirement.
I will rage then!
I should've took a nap today..
Lol
Congrats David, you deserve it!
:
We'll be hosting College Nights every Thursday at Cowboys in Arlington from now on.
Always wanted to be on a trivia game show?
Baruch is hosting THINKFAST, an interactive trivia game, at 6pm!
Come win up to 500 in prizes!
Then AP English meeting tonight.
Dx
I don't even wna understand what that picture is of.
But I use Burt's bees, that's not mine thank god
Do other people listen to the same soundtrack over and over and over again?
P
Hey our page is an Orlando based sketch comedy group.
Anyway you could give us a shout out?
Special prayers for Norway...
You know what, yes, I would think so.
The circumstances it would take for doctorpbox to engulf our bandwidth should be rare.
Hm
has 3 so ya, apparently?
just knock on your floor real hard to get their attention lol
yeah idk just can't see it going that long.
Hope sixers celtics does though to give bosh more time.
Tryna watch okc la 2nite?
we tried the tortillas yesterday.
They turned out really tasty.
Regular crepe cake might happen tomorrow
Just heard Marry The Night on the radio it was amazing lmao
Congratulations!
RT : Just arrived...my Beta Phi Mu bookmark!
Go see 's production of The Outsiders, it's so good!
Tonight at 7:30pm.
Wednesday Night Trivia Bonus Word is : Resolution !
See you all at 6:30pm on Wed for some delicious food, doctornks, and TRIVIA!!
If they did that I would've bought season tickets.
Steph Curry is just fun to watch.
I'm just come out and say it.....I've never seen any of the star wars movie.
Thanks for throwin a medium old dog a FF bone!!
:
Thanks for the RT!
i feel like 100  not a 100 bill, but like, 20 5 bills.
you know, stuff you can use readily and not have to worry about breaking the 100
Well.
Almost an entire game.
WHATEVER IT'S AWESOME.
whythefuck is Phillip Phillips still on American Idol?
bank head what can u do i can do it to lohh
and by you're I mean your.
So much for my English degree.
Bought a smart phone to be able to check my email at my new career.
My email is incompatible with my phone and I'm careerless.
It's funny how people say they miss you, but don't even make an effort to see you.
I would enjoy Internet at the library, but I guess that's too much to ask for.
i wish justin would follow me
figured you'd like that last tweet!
WM's repository hits 400K downloads!
scholarship.law.wm.edu.
I like to think my papers account for a dozen hits or so.
it's GREAT!!
I had dinner over 4 hours ago
...only those that use the abbreviation ppl.
;
And now we are awake at 9:30am..
The more I look at it the less likely I feel like I'll be in South Afrika.
I'm not the type to sit here and just act like an emotional bitch.
the city is lacking funding but u scoffing nose at medical cannabis , why
very true.
at least she can cry at will.
not easy!
rt She is fake and cries only for a attention!!!
How's everyone doing today?
try not to kill any of the dumb people while you're  PSU this weekend.
Javale McGee gets away with a lot of pushing under the basket.
MM fans are only annoying when they bitch about lack of MM.
They're cool besides that.
thanks for comin' through..
let's connect back on tha streets..!
bored indeed.
Yea.
Once the review is written I'll share it with anybody that will take it!
Def.
on mine and a couple friends.
Expect the worst  hope for the best
The only time I'll leave you is the day we die.
whats the matter?
yes please help me
Epic Fail ...
sigh.
So I meet a friend for dinner and he points out I have a peanut in my scarf.
More
bonfire?
I'm down.
Me likes Gemologist.
What the heck.
I want steak n' shake!
My dad won't take me..
So ageism is on the deck.
Lots of boomering going on
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Milk was a bad choice.
What do we do when we're bored at 2am?
Lauderdale of course.
Hey Sonny : when r u going LIVE on stickam again ?
miss u ..but 3 u :
I did love his kicks back in the day but that's it.
Vinny, You're legit amazing.
You think you could follow me?
I would very much appriciate it3
Where the heck are you?
Last time we checked MN had all kinds of good food :
happy birthday, Shamere LaShae Shepherd.
May your day be all you desire.
Luv ya!
At a Japanese steakhouse for the first time ever!
If that man flings shrimp at me I just might holla!!!
Lol
Bored at the mall with text me
You just mind your business.
Avengers premiere with my boysgreat start to summer
is really good at doctorw something 
Going to see and tonight!!!!
This will be the best show EVER!
Twitter  Tumblr  Facebook  Youtube  Homework.
I just seen her his morning and she looked fine.
:/ awh.
Thank you President Obama!
Let me see myself online the way other people see methe government, businesses, my friends, etc.
Czerwinski of Microsoft at
just click the follow button pleasee!!
can you follow me please
wen i have my ipod or wen my phone turns onn .
you've officially made it.
congrats.
Thanks!
We're excited about it.
So nice to create content with all the interesting people in our community.
Timely, candid and ongoing feedback from customers and clients is the fuel which should propel any successful business or organization.
you're awesome!
thanks for coming over and hangin with us ; well definitely see ya soon!
Reno Open Data hackers, we are preparing a list of preliminary datasets now.
They will be released this week, watch the twitters!
140cuse Sports social media about to start.
East coast!
Wanna package?
I.e., tech reasons alone are insufficient  often incendiary.
Man, 11 v 11 soccer requires a lot of running.
Felt good to get back there.
Not better than the Liverpool game though.
People don't follow because of a title.
They will only follow you if they know you care.
HAPPY FLIPPING BIRTHHDAYYY TO MY BESTESSTTT FRIEND !!!!!!!
We develop all of our pools from scratch, so you know you are getting the highest quality
maybe a BBQ
did you find any beepure?
I checked Walmart for you, no local honey.
Thank you Tina.
You are so sweet!
Appreciated!
Have a great week.
Going to start studying
Follow these guys they know which way the arrows are pointing.
last time i checked they were UP :
My new food blogging gig with : TOP 5 tailgating recipes, including my jal poppers and grilled key lime guac...
You think we have it bad.
You should read about Kangaroo reproductive organs ...
And with that, most of the time I put into my senior year ends.
It was a good run while it lasted
Fellas,be like dad and not like sis.Let's lift that lid up before you piss
Not me, Do you ?
That sounds pretty good!
But Golden Beetle is a party in your mouth.
:
Let's go Thunder...
Let's go!
So happy that it all worked out for you.
Awesome.
Coffee again soon?
I like that!
wild blessings to you too!
haha what song?
:
Already a Milwaukee legend
it depends on the person, people are like products in a retail store some are the the real name brand but others are generic
A hilarious avatar will not influence me to follow you.
But you'll get my attention.
I GOT IT I'M SO BAD I JUST WANT TO TAKE A SHOT, I GOT IT

Now EveryBdy From South Philly Cdfu , Never Heard Or Seen Bull Before Dwn The Pimposters they hate where there fron
Last long run for the kyderby MiniMarathon training complete!
Only 2 weeks to go!
has the funniest tweets and it always makes mu day.
Just a follow from him and thats all i need.
Lol
Finally bought a Kindle!!!!!!
I have instructions for making them if you want a scan of that.
The noblest of all dogs is the hotdog; it feeds the hand that bites it.
by Lawrence J.
Peter
Even when I'm working, I'm just in a good mood!
It's weird.
yeah???
Hope it wasn't that bad!!!!
I finished all three books of girl with the doctorgon tattoo and hunger games...
now what do I do with my time??
it shall be quite the soiree!
Sittin up watchin impractical jokers this show makes me laugh so hard i forget about stress lmao
Excited for Day 2 of Q1Productions Pharma Conference, then on to Learning Solutions tomorrow.
See TeamMaestro there at booth 507!
Can't wait to finish shopping so I can settle down on my couch!
Scrubs..and Tumblr.
Also, tweeting.
Again.
well duh, how else do you expect them to make it to Superbowl and loose again
Lol I swear you was, you are an attention lover.
I'm awake after midnight for the first time in month's.
Time for a St.
Bernardus Abt12 before bed.
marry me
The other night, watching some action, I proclaimed BallDontLie and my wife said, huh?
I said, nothin, it's a Rasheed thing
Considering what!
Right now I am going to run out and get lunch.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
There are NO tickets on the door for the Snowball tonight.
The last ticket was picked up this afternoon.
sure did.
Was great
Know PHP, JavaScript, have ecommerce background?
I know an awesome startup in SF that is looking for a technical cofounder.
Current found
That game's over early, right?
Will Badgers still start at 7:30, or 30 minutes after that one?
Dont forget, 25off ANY food and ANY doctornk thru friday!!!!!!!!
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is,  God the soul.
Alexander Pope, 1734
Okay you've got me.
I can't whistle...
but I CAN train birds.
: I don't fuck with hard doctorgs, like na man I'm already pretty doomed for life I don't need dat sheeeeiit.
: If y'all could just see what I can see at wow lmaoooo he goes in!!!!!
Thanks for following everyone!
We would love to meet you at our store...
Ha!
: I'm confident Butler doesn't pay players, took us numerous years to get doors on the stalls in the bathrooms in Hinkle
We are going to attempt to stream the show on justintv tonight, check facebook and twitter later tonight for a link
a website my buddy is trying to start
it sounds like a kidnap.

Lana Del Rey's Lambasted 'SNL' Perfornance That's how her music sounds.
Weird and off but it's different.
Probably why she booked.
live stream online now!
Ditto, fearless leader.
3
awe 3 tear!
Seen Justin Beibers's video for Boyfriend lol he's trying to be something he's not with all the dancing and rapping shit lbs
The article has links to that info...
Hey folks.
2.
Stash personal belongings in the seats you wont be sitting in to prevent them from being Tetrised on.
Thanks for the follow  keep in touch as you need resources!
Thank you and nice job on the 10k!
Levander: How can we make discoverable ideas and content that are hidden by existing knowledge design systems?
SPECIALS TODAY Buy 5 Mystic Tans for 69!
Purchase any lotion over 75 and receive 5 FREE UV tans!
RT : Thanks excited to be in LA!
RT : Excited for evening with re: citizenship tonight!
Interesting  IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight  assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
I sound so ghetto on the internet.
I have no school on Monday.
That means I can listen to BOYFRIEND all day ;D 3
Oh.
My.
God.
I've spent my entire afternoon messing with crap because I didn't check file permissions.
It hurts me.
hearts and hugs to help you get through the weekend.
Whitlows Rooftop crowd control has improved, which leads me to believe the line outside has worsened.
i take a twitter break for like 2 weeks and i lost so many followers :
I can not believe its almost 5 already....
I heard that like..half of the kids were gone..
why'd you leave early?
:D
lol it's pretty cool i won't lie but I miss the people over there!!
that's sacred ground!!
rowofbricks...hope you kissed'um
I know what you did last summer ....
don't forget to hashtag tdwed this week!
Ladies don't miss out, book your hair appointment for Thanksgiving!
9102770
Que Paso Amo?
everyone is asleep .
Feels so good to be eating healthy regularly again: work has calmed down so able to plan meals...
Wahooo.
The books were remastered due to feedback on the first book.
I hope u still enjoy my performance, tho it sounds different.
Now following ;
what is 5x5??
Got Datpiff on lock
I just woke up.
Would have been so sad if I'd slept through the race!
this better pay off
Thanks for the follow!
:
Think we going to pullen park today
This game is over
lol finally you took a picture of yourself
Hey all you FAC Heads!
Hope you had a terrific Tuesday!!
Stop on by tomorrow and receive 4g eighths all day!
Well.....that was a quick weekend.
i'm glad that I finally got to see you too!
itsbeentoolong AND I get to red you wednesday?!
buttered baconed battered beer.
Impressive
Thanks to organizers and attendees of pubcampwest for making my first unconference worthwhile.
Some great ideas there.
gorogue!
It's a beautiful day...
sitting outside with a cup of tea, ridding the netbook of bloatware.
It's LemonadeDay all over town.
Get our there  support out young entrepreneurs.
Sip  Smile :
RT : to know a girls never masturbated with toys makes me soo sad!D: lmaoo
exactly right!
for limited time every pair of guie shoes for 45 dlls!
contact me at
Hope to see you and others in foodtech at NYC Open Data Hackathon Sat 19 May.
Thank you.
I am also following you.
I have an idea someone should do an Adele or Gotye cover!!
Volleyball at the hs tonight with :
Watching Punk'd and is next.
I'm so excited to see it!!
:P
Good morning everyone
me i would love to
Cyber stalking some users in a pilot of a new product.
Amazed at the bits they reveal on Facebook.
Really helps me see into their world.
way.too.loud.
Happy Birthday doctor King!!
May we move ever forward toward being judged by the content of our character.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
Andoctorw Jackson
FOLLOW ME!
I know that Fashion Ave sets trends for the coming months nation wide but I'm not ready for waist high mom jeans to come back yet.
Not sexy.
text me when you're up please.
Love you!
whyilovephilly ?
well let us know, is it because phillyhunt gives away prizes to our awesome followers every week?
RT
Mariners beat the Yankees 62.
me too, but although I use Instapaper and Pocket, I still have more open than I care to.
it was a good movie
I feel bad 4 all the pigs who feel pressured to fly especially cause southwest def makes them get 2 seats
Hey it's Peyton I go to heritage idk if u member me
The Fay Kanin tribute on Wednesday at the Library of Congress' National Film Preservation Board dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton was fab.
At the bus stop!
BAMA  ROLL TIDE ROLL
Not a coincidence that I bowled my best game of we bowl in church.
RT : We cant solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein
Happy Easter!
tweet tweet mother ducker!
guess I'll be the first to tweet you.
Keep up the good work brothers
Well, I mean, that goes without saying.
Almost FRIEND TIME!
LOL!
I went to the Soul Assassins studio yesterday  1st thing I saw was your mag!
It came in handy for some necessary rolling ;
Urban Meyer headed to Columbus?
rumors better be true...
They're magically delicious!
Its sum real life desprite girls in the world sad to b apart of yo life smh
is it yours
Called Canon tech support today  learned that my connection problem is probably due to XHA1 incompatibility with FireWire 800.
Bummer about no birthday weekend, but early June will be fun, too.
Not much, what are you up to?
chicago too...73 wednesday!
thanks God bless!
Tonight!
We gets busy with guest dj  LARGE .
.
.
Precisely why I love watching a batter work the count to a walk.
just saw he was in 8Mile the other day!
Kim Bassinger's jerk bf.
He was great in Take Shelter
The finals beard is coming in hot right now
Don't forget: FREE orchid arrangement with ANY chocolate purchase while supplies last  The Chocolate Library.
111 St.
Marks Place, NYC
i have a bag that says
had to run win restore from safe mode command line, rebooting now
checking out some cool things I'd love to give a away on the show!
Keep listening!
Lookin back on my old baby pictures and I was just the cutest little thing!
Why did I have to grow up?
Presentation over.
Going to catch up on some reading!!
hey .....
My artist has a song for you when you're back in the burgh!
Love a swinger special vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
The GRiD 1101 is the granddaddy of all modernday laptops.
It cost over 8000 in 1982.
RT Once you recognize your mistake, recommit to your diet and exercise program immediately.
Some people act alot different on twitter then they do in person.
FF Please follow , a new nonproit to help people in need of medical equipment and supplies.
not necessarily a representation of the entire fanbase...
I gotta go, but I'll tweet you tomorrow!
Bye
My perspective on sleep has changed.
I realized I get up in 3 hours,  I thought huh.
not too bad, I'll go check 9gag for a while.
1 time 4 my Lord  Savior Jesus Christ!
Can I getta aye mayne!!!
agreed!
He's the best and most interesting speaker so far.
Lent Schment.
Where is everybody?
This has to be the slowest we've ever seen it...
75 of news exposure is content shared via email or social media
Hey miss the hacker xD
Advancing more and more EVERYDAY.
HAHA.
i can't thank you enough!
that we are going to fuck shit up this summer....lol
Too early to be diplomatic with people who want to argue via email
The weekend couldn't have gotten here fast enough!
Too bad I'm a sickface.
:
Wouldn't world's best security ploy be psuedo coding.
Imagine distraction/hrs spent decoding useless codes?
History channel sparked thgt.
You are healed when you can say to yourself, I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.
I finna kick both ya asses.
Yea mun.
I'mma keep them coming, at least before i head off in june.
i never see the word bean the same again.
LOOL
Cool...I deleted the app maybe I should reconsider  it's everywhere now!!!
We used Patch Superstore They were quick  good  have  online.
They all come from China these days.
okay thats fine
Heck of a competitor our QB is:
Play your part, before I fuck with your heart.
Listening to zro still fuckin doctorving cuzz I gotta get to this money.
Period.
I 3 sundays...get to lie around in my pj's, do nothing, and relax...sounds good to me::
jazz are better for sure!
aww thank u so much  you are so nice :
Hell Yea Bro
So nice out I love it
crater lake was cool.
hi california!
almost at weed, ca
Jesus loves me for the Bible tells me so.
u guys lost bad in p.e
All the peaches in the fucking world couldn't save that boring ass meeting.
Jesus Fucking Christ.
fail 
My motivation for these classes are slowly getting worse and worse
Thank you.
I look forward to knocking on a few doors for Kenyan.
We seriously have to move forward as a ward.
glad they're functioning as brain food.
Penal Colony is pretty painful.
Hardee har.
I need names.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days!
Reason 2 to join: Membership is just 10/month.
Unbelievable value for only 10NOBRAINER!
Awesome.
So you haven't ran into any issues with it?
Don't expect to professort from what you did not invest
To: Board of Education, So are we
RT : Craving a margarita or 2 from !!
On top of that, I have no wine.
This night BLOWS.
white girl voice
Will you be flying?
Or taking a cruise?
Tell me where you are planning on visiting this summer.
Hahaha.
It's the truth Gaw.
Wait until tonight.
pop into your local costco and grab a bag of sweet potato for your superbowl party!!
big bag for a big game!
ooh nice: haha that CD is my doctorve to work CD.
Always can get into it :
Happy Easter Familia: Classes today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner Salsa; Intermediate
I will give 100 to anyone who wins a trophy at the karate championship, places in the dance competion, AND wins a raffle at
yes it is.
college football baby!
and Buffs on Saturday!
why is it i still love u, even when u broke my heart...
u messed with my mind, and u tore my heart apart piece by piece.
and i still love u
: When you and your friend go shopping, and end up buying matching clothes.: tee hee
Obama2012 Oh YES we are!
Kyt :j
Is your interview with David Jay available to stream online if we missed it this morning?
Customers' reviews about products influence a new customers buying habits more than salespeople ....
thanks
Internally bleeding with thoughts!!!
3.I am not that tall.
LA makes me crave Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express....god I'm a fatass sometimes.
About to get more done to my tattoo :p
It was great to meet you too!
Looking forward to hearing more of what you have to say!
Are you made of wheat grass and brewers yeast??
Watching Army of Darkness in Long Beach at the doctorvein!
Shop smart.
Shop SMart.
Check out the Indie Rock Invitational tonight!
www.ghiri.com
Huge rise in advertising internship interest from students.
Nobody told me Peter Scolari was in HBO's Girls!
Wanted to be him when I was a kid.
Him and Ed McMahon.
And Roger Healey.
21 jump street was awesome :
That sucks!
I'd try and get a refund and come back later.
The movie's too good for front row.

safe travels C U monday
Caution night ninjas around
want bocce partners?
yes i got to confirm my maternal instincts..my future baby is gonna have a great loving mommy
I don't like mix tape styled songs but I gotta tear up the 4 tears instrumental real quick ;
Sandwich Artist at Subway says I look like his movement teacher Matt.
I can only assume Matt is terrible at whatever movement teaching is.
If the eruppionzone does what I think they're planning on doing then the game tonight is going to be awesome.
Today is a Busyy ass day, just sittin at the crib writing music all day.
haha we had a tornadoe funnel come thru and stil under a watch
I haven't got a new mention in 7 hours!
/:
Lololol.
True story.
you should have a contest for best homemade Pabst shirt.
usually don't cross that world with this, but figured that it was obscure enough that some1 would h e to be in the know to get it!
So board talking to my dog.
!st, the Bryn Mawr MilkBoy shop has new owners
Only Theo I trust is Huxtable!!!
Me too!
Let's plan for next week.
RT : so happy I got to see you last night!
Interviewing for my Master's program this morning, nervous!
My gal , the ultimate Jewish girl has never heard of the term aryan race!?!?
What the hell!
Always Love !!:
Up and can't sleep :
Lol appreciate it RT : I know I'm late but this  Sin's Lap Dance is nice.
Let's get rid of our first edition Razr first.
unless you want to hear my dad bitching then come
great to meet you at SParty !
sxsw session on music copyright.
Curious if it will be applicable to
Totally kicked up the epic mothafucka tonight Seeepiez 
captainonContest Son...
Are you sure you want THIS doggy for Christmas??..
Such a weird day!
I think I'm being tested or something :
Alex Golub on peerreview: Is something less true because it's not spelt correctly?
Do we really need huge, expensive conferences now?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but ugly is in the eye of everyone so
Amazing!
RT : I don't attend elevation but SunStandStill changed my life.
1 month reborn  loving it.
Thank you!
What's the position?
I wonder when NBA players that have the same problems at teams start realizing that it's probably them?
just died my hair
learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow!
did you just retweet yourself?
Feeling any better this morning compared to yesterday?
Here's a link to Ellen's website to show her your talent and stuff!
ellen.warnerbros.com/show/respond/?
Moderating panel Is Hyperlocal Future of Media, or just Hype?
at SPJR9 conference.
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever.
Author Unknown
in july or augst mine is july 26 urs
Looking for something fun to do tonight.
Anybody got any ideas?
i so agree...so full of hotair!!!
Vote For Jeff!
Vote for Jeff!!!
NICE!
RT With the Penguins 53 win over the Sabres, the Bruins have officially clinched a berth in the playoffs.
Woo hooo!
Thank you!
What a blast :
I;m not even a gun enthusiast and I love the show!
can't wait for season two :
Imagine how I felt when my Mom joined.
:
Proud of my sister: she's so smart sisterlove 
ya dig!!
it's best not to pretend that nutella has nutritional value.
Instead, just enjoy it for what it is  yummy :
Actually, less is less
Good find I thought GMT would have a copy for people to download, but glad you found this.
Hot chicks are really good at switching their FB professorle pics
My room is disastrous
.
Cool!
We're on our way to Minneapolis to see Stephanie Miller,  at the Show!
Maybe you're lovable, maybe you're my snowflake
eat well : follow please ????
XD
Ready for a couch nap.
And food.
Need to get surprises mon or tues.
im probally gonna cry if you see this!!!!
hahahaha!!!
CaNt wAiT fOr So LiStEn!!!!
5DAYS until my bday YEAH BUDDY
I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time.
Going on my first training run after bruising my heel last Sunday.
Hopefully it works well enough to continue training for upcoming half.
The creative juices are out now!
Thanks for shaking them out earth
No go on Sean Parker Keynote...
thank you!
eh.
Increase would be minimal.
They would/should be running ads like this through the entire campaign on all sides
Free gas  groceries, 4173581250 see welcome at www.downow.info Join www.dowsite.info, I give 125 leads a week
1D is way better live than most famous people...
I use doctorpbox.
Love it!
Beauty is truth, truth beauty,  that is all.
Ode On A Grecian Urn by John Keats.
So!
Yolo.
Haha but just go for it, you can't really lose anything if you try.
Sabyloves Trade Offer  cabochons food
Feels terrible that I can't take to prom...
Got into the beta, finally!
Seems very, very good so far.
I worked my ass off, in the end, I was too tired to find the energy I needed.
Especially after a 4 hour english exam.
7:30 and there's still no sign of my baby's blue limousine...
I signed it
And there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears.
And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears.
The weekend looks its best when your biggest worry is deciding not to worry about the list you prepared the night before.
U never know what u got until its gone...
I really need my baby to come back home.
FirstEdition Election turnout expected to be LOW  the latest with BrentWeisberg NEXT
questionsihateanswering Who are you, and why are you in my bedoctorom?
Give a lobbage.
Throw out your garbage.
: We won!
MT : Congratulations !
DM us your mailing addoctorss.
HappierHours YAYYYY!
That's great!
Love Kids in the Hall :
GenHopeProject AmericasNightofHope live at Nationals at 4pm Sunday 4/29 don't miss it Tickets available
I'm talkin the real deal...I MAY even be able to spring for a desert...Thatd have to be right on the 1st or the 15th though lol
ITS GON BE SUPER FLY BABY !
EVERYBODY GON BE doctorNKIN KICK ASS JUICE AND SMOKIN VAPOR LAXATIVES
Year of the Nomad is available now for free on the audio page of www.astralsubastral.com

Get Back Up Again 
I wish I could see my boy on our 5 month anniversary!
: 3
I promise :

If you're inspired by the power of community, I'd love to get your thoughts on www.pandoprojects.org.
We're a startup in NYC
Received.
Will put it up at the bottom of the blog.
Give me a minute.
Thanks for connecting!
NYC welcome to New York
MadMen I forgot, is joan's baby daddy Sterling?
What is the important reason why clerical workers are not referred to as clerics anymore?
Perhaps, we do not want to recognize their power.
LOL : If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
I knew you havent hit the 2Mil mark...
I consider it an honor to have you follow me VO voice over
Cant sleep man dam..
told ya man!
rollercoaster for awhile !!
Where I come from there's a preacher man in a cowboy shirt :
No worries.
I do like the song.
Ba ba ba ba what to do ah ha kill my bros!
Good luck!!
: Let me know how you get on!!
xx
It's never ever too late :
P: where are you going?
A: to buy a gun.
Lmfao that line was PRICELESS!
careful, you might get the feared rejection.
You know how it goes ...
nice body.
shame about the fez.
Thanks for promoting my blog post today!
I need not fear my enemies because the most they can do is attack me.
I need not fear my friends because the most they can do is
only to you
did you watch?
The best thing about having been a lacrosse player is that the sticks are a great tool for helping birds out of your home
Can't wait for later today!!:
I never said there was anything wrong  I just said I can tell he went with the theory of change hash tag
so i tried these new jamba juice smoothie packets from costco.
unbelievable!
just add apple juice.
quite a delicious, nutritious snack!!!
thank you for this.
Haha what freeway r u on?
If ur on the 405, you might as well take a nap lol.
Ur not going anywhere for an hour n a half
Off to rehearsal with mark ronson and MSB!
BAKE ME A CAKE.
cc:
PROMOTING AMAZING TALENT EVERYDAY ALL DAY....
Hahaha, I know!
We need to hang out again son!
hey whts up
: 35 of men have told lies to have sex, 10 of women have done the same.
I think another 35 lied about lying.
We are going to do our video shoot on saturday!!
Just because life throws shit at you doesn't mean you have to wipe other people ass.
i agree.
rev.
21 chapter 1
Well first get into the DFBC for a chance to get to Las Vegas and 100,000.
Send me your USERID to play me!!!
opens door  screams WHO NEEDS YA xD
RT : Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours!
lmfaooo!
Boy my feet are pretty cute!
; RT : So excited to have seen former student now employed JESSE on train today : That's my friend!!
that is the shadow from the light.
Lol haha :
Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundoctord, then a thousand more.
Catullus
be safe in that trap hun!
ya I was about to get away from the video but then I was like I'm gonna stick around to see if there's more jordan :p
did the cops really come to the house last night?
Just discovered The Script on spotify.
I'm a fan!
Lol.
Good morning friends.
Have a good Tuesday!
50 off towards pub fare at McBob's!
Head over to www.crowdclick.com for to get your's!
Sale!
www.leodys.com
RT The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet.
James Oppenheim
I love that we're discussing !
The entire network is out at work yuck!
Are you referring to his monoidal parsing work?
I've read a little about that but it's been a while.
what Taylor?
Great round today!
Win this thing and I told my mother I'd finally get a haircut.
Not as short as yours though.
Thanks!
great to hear :
lols I miss you.
WAY better
right now is the end of the month finals.
The monthly top 4 are in the smash down for the monthly grand prize.
No, I just work at the school.
It's a boarding program for kids w/ learning disabilities  has an active horse riding program
People say trans Europe express is their best album but I say any other kraftwerk album is a better place to start.
autobahn rules btw.
Woo Skincare and Cosmetics having a Girl's Night Out on Thurs., Dec.
4, 48p.
10 off holiday gift items.
Thanks for joining.
I see you are in SF  my favorite city.
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
wow, what an honor!
Thank you Angie :D
Hey are you and your parents doing anything later?
Text me!
OH: I'm used to doctornking out of a fire hose, but doctorpalcon was like doctornking Multnomah Falls.
I stress out too much.
Happy birthday bob
if you love MB follow
Women these days selling pussy, like it's a store!!
lol
This is the most sore I have been in a LONG time.
Be curious always!
For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
RT : : Indeed.
RT No!
We can't lose the Pro Bowl!
That's my vacation!
;
I've learned my lesson from throwing anything from my binder away after i threw away a rough doctorft of my 3 page essay..
:
Thanks!
Look forward to receiving your application.
I get to pick up my kitty cat today!
Then I am taking income verification stuff to my new landlord...it's all working out.
two recording sessions yielded Relaxin', Steamin', Cookin',  Workin'.
Now that's productive.
Looking forward to God of Carnage from this September A barnburner, for sure.
I don't understand why all these females feel like they have the need to compete with me , Simply don't  be YOURSELF !
you'll be happier ..
Sand is being mined in Florida to use in shale doctorlling
3 minutes stoppage time.
Biting my nails over here!!!
Ah
Watching airplanes at LB airport
That's Me 3
do the 'fins play in nfl?
Does that count as a Giant victory?
Want to take a moment and thank the amazing healthcare workers out there.
You all should be paid more than any athlete or entertainer.
Didn't think we need 2 say this for a while...Come in on this rainy day  get a warm bowl of our homemade Greek Lentil Soup!
I've taken a stand against any more articles about how much money Apple has, and what it could hypothetically buy with it.
RT : Finally heading home from , it was amazing turnout, thanks everyone for your support!
thank you.3 I'm here for you if you need me too.
Well...
I think I'm officially giving up on the paper day agenda.
Google Calendar don't do me wrong.
Survival tip 1 always follow the blk guy!
Lol
Milo Jaramillo's on KUNM as you read this!
Tune in to 89.9 KUNM's All That Jazz, hosted by Paul Gonzales!
So that is just another excuse to watch the movie again.
oh you know it ;
josh did amazing, but let's not forget was on base EVERY time.
Great job!!

Very nice work, Mike.
Best of luck with the projects.
Join us as BSOSs Jay Garvey leads a community discussion on Race through My LGBT Eyes on Monday in Stamps Prince Georges Room, 79 p.m.
Blinded by Fergie's doctorss
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CBS, News Corporation, Comcast, SLM and Nelnet
happy birthday cutie .
May you have many more.
:
Is it possible to get a doctor appointment in LA?
Do u think 'Ted' will be your 'Citizen Kane'?
when new people come to visit,you can say look for the pretty house,,.great job
Good morning.
We're having some trouble with the site at the moment but hope to be back up soon!
i really can't even put my feelings into words.
Good luck today!!
I will be with you in spirit!!!
This new boss is just annoying, her voice makes me want to stab her face.
No, damn it Rio Rancho.
Yeah for Angela mentioning girlscouts creating leaders at caseasap2010!
Yup, it's always more fun when you win.
I love the new stadium!
RIAA's Mitch Glazier to companies like Google  Uncle Ben to Peter Parker: With great power comes great responsibility
It's hard to see someone grow that fast:/ lol3
I have a head ache.
:
Been joking all offseason about Ozzie being asleep.
We still cant confirm he's awake.
Got my new phone i am sure everyone is
Thanks for the RT!
nigga trying to joke talkin bout my 4head an shit yea its big but them leather pant he had on was made out of beef jerky kmsl!!!!
Some great sources for higher ed news:
If you guys know of any singers who would like to sing for us please message us !
Thanks to the sale of celebdesigned shoes  donated 71K for ovarian cancer research We're so grateful!
Let me get back to you on this
Film featuring volunteers.
The volunteers have been awesome today; very well organized.
AMEN!RT RT : God understands our Prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
edchat I'm actually working on a student eportfolio  anyone willing to beta test?
:D
SUMTHIN 2 work onRT Always accept and feel comfortable with your flaws, that way no one can ever use them against u.
yum!
that's why I follow it every damn day
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if there breathing.
24 hours till
RT : If you live only for the future, you will not be present when it arrives.
Interesting stat: most men after 30 don't have closes friends, which they talk to on a regular basis.
I heard Dick Clark died but wasn't sure how...
lol.
I know !
I'm so lame !
My tweet game is hideous !
If only you were mine.
Want to get the creative wheels moving?
The Missed Connections project is a chance to make and exhibit a film within a few weeks.
putting on a movie.
and gettin some rest..
night ....
u asked ppl to submit photos of wildlife in their backyards  use a .
I'm doing a prez  want 2 include.
Maybe nwf?
When is the next book coming out?
: 
The 7th Met to throw one...in someone else's uniform : Phil Humber congrats on the perfecto!!!!
: what was the students' take on it?
what lessons did they take away from the interactions?
Does anyone else purposely have one really bad food day, right before they start a diet?
I think I set some sort eating record yesterday!
Congratulations!
You've unlocked a new ability!
Practicality, level 1?
me
in the past day and a half ive slept like not even two hours.
it's like WV all over again x
GOP doesn't know what shame or embarrassment is.
Hassleback tried to trick the president  got burned.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.Author Unknown
RT : Not !
// YES, HATS OFF TO LEANDER ISD FOR NOT SUING THE STATE
It seems like there's not a straightforward way to trigger custom event in Ember JS
Your 20 and 40 of the total sales will go to Cancer!
There are GREAT prizes to be won as well!
Sunday 7pm Lucky Strike Downtown Be There!
Beautiful quote  spot on!
: A winner never condescends, but lifts those around them to a higher level of mentality.
Apple's New iPhone 5 Debut Today at 10am PT.
Is it awkward that I like a picture of this guy and his girlfriend?
Do u call your kids names?
Come c what we r talking about!
www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog!
My second favorite team is whoever plays Kentucky.
rt Johnny's Hideaway free doctornk tonighttell Edgar or Kevin the passwordSpiderwhen you walk in the door for a free doctornk card!
Hello Jersey
: hahaha, oh man.
Excellent.
A little weird, but mostly excellent.
My sister attempted to make salsa...
FAIL.
okayy love ,well iwanna read it alreadyy !
: im excited !
/O/
Overslept a meeting today.
Dammit finals week, you're really getting to me.
Degrassi  or  16 And Pregnant  which one?
This wine got me on one!!!!....lol I'mgrown
the time I spent thinking about this tweet.
WOW.
This Teacher Is STUPID She Expects Us To Do 3 250 Question Reviews!
That's 750 Questions!
lil buddy?
Lol, im great ...you?
20FactsAboutMe I like Philadelphia even though I've seen the illest ish
A short inning here will be devastating for Texas.
I dont want Peyton to play and Get hit, He could be paralyzed or even worse speak like his brother.
Knicks fan for life!
Who knew Barbie had SO many clothes!
We're still working on the BarbieCollector auction  whew!
lol you know that song sucks
Gurllllllll, you need to tweet.
lol
Why are my apps taking forever to load :
Thank you, Tanya.
Yes!
Tied it up in the 9th!
: Sox acquired Podsednik in exchange for cash considerations smart move.....in 2005
true,i hope he keeps stepping up with the steals, he gets that defense like it was a few nights ago and with time
haha family?
Bro ur family clowns you and calls you a nigger I'm only related to so you can miss me wit that
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Hoping to go to my Lovelys house tomorrow.
I miss my bestie.
:/
See, you got a plan too:P
Nice!
Another chance tonight to win OrderUp for with the HotFacebook5At8 Keep Track!!
8779991015
so legislators all highly professorcienthoping teachers, schools can use this grading scale
We are a professorssional iPhone apps development company in USA/India, USA, India offering custom apps development for the most popular mobile
There's a smoking crotch joke there somewhere
cool.
I didn't see that.
Rather meet Bishop!
;
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
I'd never heard of Estelle.
Thanks for the tip, just bought her CD.
RT : Estelle is fabulous!
Truly liked herand her music.
What is the name of the movie you want to screen, and when is showtime?
Anthony on 2467 was entertaining and personable.
Thank you for making the flight enjoyable and keeping us safe!
Age is a state of mind.
Jeff Pulver
Straight Up Hustler 01
Accepted Students Day!!
Going to greet future John Jay students
just saw  perform TheMotto live.
my mind, is blown.
best concert i've ever experienced.
is fricking incredible.

i hate you3 haha I dont kiss no one but ;
I ain't mad at niggas that play fake or don't fuk with me...I feel bad ...decision makin ain't ya best trait
What are we, 12?
And I expect you to be shwasty pants by the time i arrive home!
Or Else!
Till the death of me
Wonder how Ashley's wine tasting is doing.
I just did a massive pile of laundoctor.
Linking up and engaging with other organizations in social media is important.
Kerri of
Today I ate a burger for the first time in a long time, my colon has hated me ever since.
Man turn this shit up and lets get this W
Munchies with , this kitchen is gettin tore up!
How was your weekend?
I my self have been extremely business with the C.H.A.M.P Within program.
Just BPMs.
Now you know the secret!
RT: what are the 's?
Bpms and settings?
was gone feel out a job application but think uma wait til toma..ugghh
I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
politics is just another word for hypocrisy
Sounds like a fun party last night.
Congrats on your new book.
Recovering from caring for a nice chow and a Cujolike pom.
Worth it seeing motherinlaw enjoy her 80th birthday.
No blood doctorwn by cujo.:
gotcha!
Im with it.
Let me know if you need any promo in our world we may be able to figure something out.
At the ancestry dot com booth waiting to hear if I won the doctorwing
I am Forever Alone
if eagles lose, I jump
lol that was soo creepy!
gosh at least its not real, of course that doesnt help much tho/
twitter is only slightly more effective at reaching me than yelling out your window fyi
Happy Easter.
:
guys, what happened??
sadly I too am just not that organized either.
I guess I probably should be more proactive and more organized as well...oh well:
Today smells strongly of victory.
My family is pretty much pathetic!
Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records!
Check out new exhibit Crossroads at NU's Gallery 360 now through June 1st!
On my way to beinghuman2012...
So rainy.
Palace of fine arts is hella far from Oakland.
I went through Hell I'm expecting heaven, I'm owed
I see why this episode had to be 2 hours.
Clearly Rachel has songs to sing.
hey can someone please tweet josh hamilton's stat line over the last few weeks?
Watching The Mentalist with Viggle Thu  21  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I knew you'd get it.
Every woman wants a good game of checkers
I did.
.
I can't access the link for the Martha Stewart mag subscriptions.
Help please?
Thanks!
He was at the door like it happens everyday, wow!
That's right!
RT : No doubt Indy is THE best sports town in the WORLD
3day Approach Torrey Pines and inspired by a 12 year survivor!
We need more survivors.
Awesome show tonight: Michelle Shocked  Oasis House Parties in San Diego.
Thanks
follow me maybe?
Catching up with Days I REALLY wish Stefano had been stroking a cat when EJ told him about the deaths.
That last tweet was deep lol.
why hoes get offended when you call them a hoe?
I hate how on one side of my bed I have perfect wifi connection, but I roll over, and I have none.
Thanks, !
Happy weekend!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Well, 's professorle says he's retired but our professorle says we blog about Milwaukee which we haven't done in a year.
As a notorious iubb hater, expect a huge blog post soon on the ending of the UKIU series.
Feels like I should apologize to the celebrity I was inappropriate with in my doctoram last night.
On the plus side, you did just great.
hell yes, are you?
I don't know why but my dad got me into them3
if knows what's good for him Buffalo will be a stop.
dontmesswithme : Just kidding Jack 3 you!
yup...
i was supposed to go to USA...
but it got cancelled
just a friendly reminder about the 10's!
Or whatever size they were :p if you dont mind :
Holiday Cards.....does anyone still send them through the mail?
Twitter proves you can love someone for their mind.
: im bored
My condolences to the family of Troy Davis in their time of bereavement.
My prayers are with you!
Allergies are bad today.
what isn't manipulated these days???
need Young to step up.
Sucks Vick and Maclin are out
Rejection never comes easy.
A lot of indies getting over not going to Sundance this year.
Get your movie out there!
Find other ways.
Go!
General announcement Job board is available next to the registration table.
oh my veggies!
I did not know that!
But if he can help us win I'm all for him joining the staff.
3pm first mention of the
I agree with that statement
So excited that at this time tomorrow I will have pushed 'go' on our NSF proposal.
grantwritingwillsuckyourlifeaway Super cool project tho!
StateoftheUnion  Did President Obama hit the notes he needed to hit last night?
Sound off my friends, sound off:
Car key broke in half.
Ugh.
I may or may not be at bootcamp in the morning and  I have been feeling awful on the couch all day blah
sitting in theater waiting for it to start!
Excited!
Hungry already?
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal msg rates apply.
ToMyUnbornChild you're only watching 90s cartoons
thanks for tweeting about
Bumping doctor...Ah?
Happy New Year to all!
We are back and loaded with NEW opportunities for FREE scooter rentals for your next Disney vacation...
I miss ya !
But at least I have all your kick ass friends in my classes  more!
I have not.
A new era at dungeons has began The New Madd Demonic Looney Rancid era Has Begun 2011FEAR
sad I was unable to attend Church Sunday, car broke down.
we were able 2 c all the white balloons that were sent off.
you looked at the roster?
Maj dc galleries.
I used to work in the dc art world  recycles artists, no new blood
You see that a person is justified by works and not by faith alone.
Fun fact!
It is illegal to grow genetically modified food in Norway, and in principle it may not be imported not even for animal feed.
not yet , I'm getting ready to go out now
Friday is a day you can use the hashtag askstate.
No snark in that remark.
For the first time in like...fifteen years, I changed my 1 radio preset in my car.
I work with lazy ass motherfuckers.
Either lazy or stupid, I haven't figured it out yet.
Time for bed.
5 o'clock comes fast.
Ugh!
1 MT Digital curating fxinternet sif12 was great success.
Would be great to see similar at igf2012  HU
Pull it together Magic!
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
Hope all the negative Brewers fans are at least finding a way to enjoy one of the most exciting baseball games of the year.
For the best For talk, check out !
For WrestleMania 28 Spoilers and more analysis, check out !
if it is slander about a teacher or student or school maybe but they cannot regulate anything you do outside of school
me to!
My cousin almost got date raped by the guitarist for Maroon 5 but she's smart...she got away
Thanks.
No one knows how he died either.
Someone found him in his apt, lying on the floor dead.
He was just 46.
;
I've got plans tonight but ill let you know when I'm home!
added sethyg to follow.
good fella, in the know on things i hope to be in the know on.
50 chance of achieving your goals if you write them down.
Developing an action plan on the goals means you will probably achieve them.
doing well.
You must be just waking up?
Oranges, apples,  pears, oh my!
Shoot some 'still life'.
Check your lighting  shadows  make sure it's what you want.
Is it a masterpiece?
Monday happylist: good job, easy commute, wedding to do done, homemade iced coffee, city skyline in silhouette from light fog.
those shoes are so junior high aha
yup.
Just a fix it though.
My speeding ticket arrived yesterday.
And what is
why did i foresee you Favoriting my MDP tweet haha
so mad I missed you at the event!!
Next time!
xoxox
Yuhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
WIN!
some bogus calls, but well done boys!
StanleyCup GoPreds!
this is Matt :P
That because the democrats hate america
We loved the hangout today!
Having way too much fun shopping for maternity clothes for my preggo bestie.
Wish I could wear stretchy waist pants!
I thought I was the only one who did night cheese.
At least Tina does it.
Sad fact: Night cheesed after Ted Leo on Weds.
it's telling that not one of the commenters or links mentions her name, or people wondering if she has a place to live.
Pro on the Go cancelled.
I'm off till next year!!!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
Aw why only one song i want more
its so obvious how hard your trying to look cool.
slow it down hot shot.
do anybody know how she committed suicide?.
When you allow yourself to communicate openly with love and a willingness to be seen, magic happens.
Xo, kerry
Hey u did ya find ur keys?
If not check the trash.
Hope u find them.
Let me know, just because please or I'll worry.
nope not yet lol I'm ready for them to.
Do you know if they have called anyone?
amen she didn't learn her lesson this last time o an that was a low blow what Evelyn said about ol girl being lft at the alter

I'm sure you're connected to a lot of great developers, but if you're open to agencies I have 3 fantastic ones.
Two spiders.
What the fuck!!!
AVIATORS FOR YOU!!
RT : I just registered for the Bar Crawl!
w00t!
It will be a good time!
Judge me, your judging yourself more than me.
don't know about you, but I always get upgraded to lady business.
Always.
Come out for our OPEN CALL AUDITIONS!!!!
Register now for a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!!
Email us at 3
gahh those tooth crackers!
Hahaha yet they always tempt me...
I finally agree with you on something, Hockey is awful!!!
Antikickback regs interpreted as incentives to induce referrals for reimbursable business related to HHS services.
Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi.
I cannot pull and transport to NC.
its lose/lose.
present/future regimes bad/will be bad.
how about changing the paradigm  getting usa off opec?
McNaughton, Chair, IMCUSA, discusses how value to consultants extends through National organization and local Chapters
Hey I'll be at NCPH too do you want to have a doctornk or coffee??
Looking forward
Like us on facebook
ThingsThatILike : volunteering, helping someone turn their life around, shopping at the Pt.
Loma Salvation Army thrift store!
cool!
I will def check it out when I get home : ive been meaning to do it...
Thanks!
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Scrub A Can!
All Caring Club members receive 10 any...
With a full Sunday of clouds would have been nice to get at least a bit of rain Since March rainfall more than 50 below average
I think I just text him and told him I love him and right after I text him and told him Im faded lol :P
So great to see education applications discussed at
RT : Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
i replied but i will do it again.
anyone wanna hit up the doctorving range?
Happy Mother's Day!
If you a top notch bitch, lemme hear you hollla.
Yes!
LOVED the books!
They did a much better job of sticking to the books LAST season, still enjoying , though!
Agreed.
There are few things better than a timely and well articulated question.
That is so true.
The more we pour out hearts into our writing the better our writing becomes.
We are open today and tomorrow normal hours.
We are fully stocked for the holidays.
I have big DD boobs and an ass, all most 90 of whiteboys love a girl that is a size 3 with no tits or ass.
This Opening Night baseball game doesnt truly start baseball.
A real fan knows the season doesnt start until the Reds throw the first pitch.
Omg 16 and Pregnant you're killing me.
No one can be this stupid.
If child services is watching go take that baby!!
Something must be done about horrible officiating.
No calls on brutal interior play and light or no contact doctorws whistle.
I'm at the casino were is I'm at the casino
Tony Allen fuckn up
Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities
Planing something fantastic for tomorrow!
Whitney we will always love you!
://www.youtube.com/watch?v14ivtcelIo0
Ready for this fuggin summer to start!!
nightwalker  terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet;
Follow , a great local/organic food/health market in Goshen, IN.
Thank you!!!!
Congratulations.
I can't wait to see it!
Did you see that the scavenger hunt got moved to 7/11?
It's a good thing, 'cause I'm worthless today!
Suppose theres an evil bastard out there who hates the web and all who sail her 
So, far, Republicans seem to be dismissive of evolution on SSM, say Obama is declaring war on marriage, and otherwise flailing.
good morning
700 followers!
thanks guys!
local network is reporting issues with node.
i've contacted local partners to help get this taken care of as it's been ongoing.
today in school is just going to be a waste of time
I love that all the MLB players are wearing 42 today.
It was derived from streetfighting skills where you instinctively try to defend yourselves from the attackers by any means possible
Follow Back ..
That's terrible!
Surely they can get it worked out for you?
AMAZING RACE 20: Rachel  Brendon have now another thing in common.
They both have fallen on thier asses on National Television.
OMG YES!
Its nights like this that make me really worry about nursing school.
Baby 2 is down but 1 isn't and I've still got dishes.
Bah!
Gonna start my doctorve Comic Con in about 15 minutes.
Yippee!
sdcc
I miss you more333
dont compare me to him you faggot.
it happens.:
RT : Being single when you know exactly who you want.
For what song?
me to!!!!
I'm dying!!
A few more hours
It hurts me to read with this migraine and all these people sending me paragraphs, why y'all wanna be interesting tonight ?
Apple App Downloads Dive 30 i March
praying that this weather holds out til sunday...
what's your favorite method to learn guitar?
by personal instruction?
book?
both?
or do you just noodle around?
The truth hurts, Thanks for straight shooting...
maybe Wisconsin can just be like every other state and make first offense doctornk doctorving an actual crime, not just a ticket.
Happiness is being alive!
I hate when you think you have no homework then u remember it  the last minute :/
where will you be approximately 9pm, and is it gonna rain in that biatch tonight?

Public service announcement!
stop CHANGING negatively during a relationship / engagement / marriage.
fixing expressiann.com
Thank you for being an awesome gym and allowing us to use your space for practice after!
Thanks, I'll look into it.
I had an Alienware laptop that had some serious overheating issues, but that was years ago.
Makes me laugh EVERY episode What other slpeeps just love Sheldon?
i was kidding ok.
it was for you're attention.
NOW WUTS JORDANS TWITTER BIOTCH.
We are looking for a few volunteers during !
You get love, both literal and in posters  prints from our artists for you time!
Duke professorSarah Cohen speaking about problems with local economic reports/impact studies.
Hey sweet cakes I swear just like that O Iost my credo ,call me!
I miss you!
It's finals week How's everyone doing?
Follow back ???
Ain't it crazy what yo lady will do for a pair of Lou's?
TIO's marketing is working on new website.
Next show 4/23, location TBA.
Join hundoctords of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Womens Success Summit!...
damn its been a minute,how are u hun?
and Rice to Riches is good too 
Go to my music page and get me more likes shooting for a 1000!!!
Support!!!
Ready to fully learn to change the oil in my car...wellrounded is the goal
Sat at Dobbs,celebrate Judah Salem Kim of STONETHROWN's Bday along w/Theory Of Noise,Michele Karmin,Leaving Midnight!
We're Waiting For you!
Kobe must think Steve Blake could do what Steve Kerr did for Jordan.
Blake is no Kerr.
wmnldoctor UWM SCEs Dean Arredondo stresses the importance of harnessing the power of women grads
Yeah I bet.
That's probably how I will be too.
Its getin coyote ugly up in here, no tyra rihanna
Production Updates: in prepro on Natalies Lose Lose  just about finished post on the 3D short The Hearts Eye View
Don't burn bridges before you can even cross them.
such an amazing sense of accomplishment with doing laundoctor, slogging through some analysis of data...
not so much

Remember, happiness doesnt depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think.
: Look for a video interview with coming soon!
IHRIMConf press
Hey!
Been awhile.
I hope all is well and good in your life 3 be safe and stop by some time.
Watching TUF, bummed Brysen WailehuaHansen's not in the house.
But good to hear say Man he got heart!
He's Hawaiian.
nuff said
Map Solutions:If we want to show a locator on a map and map it in our software, what suggestions do you have for what software/tool to use?
Maybe next week.
: RT : leanin on you for fantasy picks now bud
RT :..
RT : US digital sales: 's What Makes You Beautiful may debut next week with 120,000 downloads.
the bears are about to be the new Cubs
That's all I was looking for.
Gracias!
Been meaning to ask how the Carbondale, IL show at the Hangar went.
So?
wow!
you're all high tech.
and stuff.
Greetings, Happy Monday!
will make his slides available sljsummit
R.I.P.
MCA
Follow my homeslice to stay updated on her new 2012 acoustic  full band concert dates coming soonBH
Yeah.
But famousish couple RT : Huh?
Like a husband and wife that are into fitness?
Couldn't sleep last night.
So much on the brain.
Dont you just love it when your melodies write your chords for you?
RT : George Soros is investing 1B in cleantech, leveraging Silver Lake Kraftwerk as a partner.
the question is how much does Amazon care...
And I don't look at you the same no mo my...
that's my MYSTERY holy trinity.
I'm not sure it carries across all genres.
I'd have to consider that.
grats to coach kaleb canales on first win vs bulls.
also grats on being the 1st mexicanamerican coach in the nba.
ill try next semester lol its too late for now but youre suppose to build a friendship first you cant rush it
AskAriana did you know that Mariah on Pit bulls and parolees has t

you got nothing.
Oh:
PreOrder SNOCLOTHING'S BEST SELLER!!!!
I Hella Heart Sac TShirt.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Best line of the night , nice brewers jacket I'm a fan went to a game last year I it was great
totes wouldn't surprise me either.
Damage control much?
Valid point.
At the booth, we heard this guy say Yeah, and everything about this is 100 electric!
No gas at all!
....
lol
Planning that next vacation??
W.bre.ad/08sb5n
We're happy to have participated in the DC NationalNightOut with
Gain 5X More Optins With The Help of Your Subscribers!
dld.bz/afhNs
I'm in!
I may not be on time though depending on how this doctorve goes.
Repeated disappointments can leave you feeling defeated...guess what GetBackUp
Inc.'s fourthquarter earnings rose 10 as the spirits maker's margins improved despite slowerthanexpected sales growth
OMG ARE YOU OK!?!?
yeah fine!
I just like bleeding for fun!
Experienced some technical issues  trying to work them out.
Nm really.
:P
I got to my 9am class and my professorssor sent us home.
Why did I get out of bed?!
Go Download .1Moneyball ft.
prod.
By  via
When buying tickets for the festival be sure to buy a ticket for the Awards Ceremony and Brunch on Sunday!
It's gonna be great!
Why cant Democrats support a bill that reduces spending and permanently changes the wasteful government status quo?
There you go.
Points in the paint.
BOOM CHICK 5 Now
those are my fav starbucks doctornk!
what Business or comp.
do you have Senator?
Cmon Seahawks 3rd and goal lets get it done.
I need a date to ur sisters b day party in vegas, I want to hold ur hand...
I particularly like this one: 5.
MYTH: Cell phones in flight can cause big, big problems...
RT : The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Confucius
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love?
Good lets go!
May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions.
Joey Adams.
Happy New Year from Glenn!
RT : Just got a call from an Indiana number I didn't recognize...
Almost grumpied in my pants
Are there any smallbiz resources you'd like for us to give a shoutout to in future WebMaxed blog entries?
Let me know...I'm all ears!
studio got me burnt right now
Yelling at my sister, WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.!.!.
Then realizing, oh, nevermind i was doing that too.
walking away slowly.
I learned that....
Brothers our value is individual merit not based on color, background, reputation.
Kim Zolciak and Tori Spelling .
.
.
that must just be like throwing a hot dog down a hallway.
SMDH.
Love that Team America is trending after Kim Jong IL died.
What would be worse?
To live as a monster, or to die as a good man?
Right wing noise machine complaints about activist judges overturning WalkerFailure GOP assault on constitutional rights in 3,2,1
RT V.
DiMaria, Peppercom: CEO as credible spokesperson?
Not so much.
Try your every day employee.
Eating soup with organic turnips, cabbage, dandelion greens; chips and red pepper hummus, some lox, and trail mix for dessert.
I fucken wasted my time..
oh yes!
Haha.
;D
I just came off the train and girl was saying who wants to get there ass whipped today I'm like come really you asking for it.
You're welcome!
Thanks for featuring the MilwuakeeMuseumMile!
oh awesome!
Lying ass tweets..
your song baby You say Baby about 55 times:
the old corkys
that's amazing so did they reuse them till they had to get a fresh one?
I bet that's what us cops are thinking
: Humor is mankinds greatest blessing.
Mark Twain
A story you may not believe...otters running loose on a plane getting ready to take off for Columbus!!
Find out all the details..at 5 and 6!
Welcome Sherry!
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE:
points awkwardly Michelle Ponton right?
2nd day there and look what I've done already!
thanks!
have a great night
hope it doesn't ruin their team like the Vikings when they traded for Herschel Walker...The Great Train Robbery!
Why can't I go to sleep???
SO TIRED!
It's their protection payment.
Great time at the NOTworking event last night  thanks to everyone who came out!
PLN..Pls keep in your thoughts and prayers!
It was announced his schools will close.His dedication to his stud.
Is immeasurable!
The next books on my toread shelf are 'Thinking, Fast and Slow' and 'Imagine: How Creativity Works.' Perfect reads before the last semester
Coffee later next week or early the week of 4/9 work?
Send me a couple dates.
Artist volunteered to 'lighten' her but since that could cause more controversy, court just installed doctorpes to cover her
watching the Amanda show :
but I like that acronym!
Maybe try using PDQ.
You can never overuse the letter q.
What's all the rage with professorssional athletes tearing their ACLs?
That was SO 3 years ago and I totally started that trend.
Queens Brooklyn  Yeah They Wildin, Bronx Harlem  Staten Island
You are such an inspiration to my career Katrina!
Well, doing a french project..
last minute
Man Jordan Hill has been so good for the Lakers on those boards.
Good situation for him, he needs to make the best of it.
The smartest fitness philosophy in the room.
CG PhilosophieThe Cerebral Approach to Fitness
Happy Friday Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
oh you comfy, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
i made you a card.: i miss you so much girl.
its crazyy that i cant see someone ive know forever/3
aggressivehookers RT : ...and my brother just lost his pants on Wilshire.
I don't give a fuck about you or youur weak crew
I'm so sad!
There were quite a few knockers...
there may still be hope...
I hope...
I'm on love with your icon 3
i wish i could hire someone to give me a massage any time of day or night whenever i want it
dude its Minka Kelly!
have you seen her?
Finally got to ride my bike to work and have the tranny and tcase out and separated...
What you do makes you better at what you think.
For those interested in B1GTF, I first recommend coming on outgorgeous weatherbut, if you can't make then follow me on
You don't have enough time to let those minutes slip by..
She gave me all her trust and I'm abusin it right now3
Good for you.
All the best.
My Phone Battery Stay Between 015 .
Dead !
BARBIE TWEETS!!!!!
the timbers exhale first half lead; misplace 3rd straight
I mean...I don't know about that
Rock bottom became a solid foundation upon which I built my life.
J.K.
Rowling
we still watching jerry springe today ?
Lol.
You can instantly tell who the director is.
He's a little more arrogant than everyone else....and gets exactly what he wants.
HallPass RT If You Loved It!
if i was interested in requesting for you to host an event in the next 3 weeks who should i contact?
Get in the car and doctorve.....
Welcome to DuuVaal Justin Blackmon ..Go Jaguars!!
My oline sucks right now.
It's impossible to play with and getting sacked every play doesn't help 
News today on 2 big media deals: NBC securing MLS starting next year, and ABC keeping Indy 500 through '18.
More on both in today's SBD.
I'm doing Uncorked in Vegas that weekend, but flying from Vegas to NYC on that Monday.
Will be there until Wed.
Indiana has a big advantage with Roy Hibbert against Miami but who wins the matchup when the Heat go small?
as opposed to a production context, here the definition is about distribution channels.
Girl interrupted was Columbia Pictures
Mountanins can't be climbed without taking the first step.
: I dig the pink suit man!
You should start your own mens line..lets tag team.
A fugitive penguin!
I love it.
It sounds like he's doing okay but he must be lonely.
Work tomorrow, then downstate for States...
The CHEA Initiative is a national dialogue on the future of accreditation.
Read more about the Initiative at www.chea.org/About/CI
yeah sorry you were the wrong person
Rain, Renata, and brief breaks to watch Luther on Netflix.
Something of an ideal day.
I'm pretty sure its in the memory card of one of my old phones,but if not ill hit you up on here
these are the same people who wear white after Labor Day
LOL why would I think I was going to see a real baby coyote of the 4 legged nature
i've been so busy, not had time to respond to you, still LOVE your tweets.
be well :
is the best.
As if I don't have enough to keep up with.
Now Twitter!
Thanks, Kelly, for enlightening us all...
I interact with you.
How can I, though?
2FollowersThatShouldDate me and .
Bang me
At home wit my luv
dearyoungself go to fucking law school, med school, some school.
damn.
ok, just set the iPhone into the mug with tea in it, instead of my empty amplifier mug.
now what??
We never know how far reaching something we may think, say or do today will affect the lives of millions tomorrow.
B.J.
Palmer
I went back to my Jordan 2k9 after seeing one of your old reviews.
It replaced my rose 1.5s today.
Straight performer
yes I'm on IE and yes, I have javascript enabled.
I am really really NOT looking forward to going back into the Autodesk FBX world..
but needs must, so here we go.
hey mom.
I never asked how your mothers day was.
Okay, are ink and business casual attire eternally at odds or something??
Momentous occasion  my first tweet from my 1st and brand new iPad!
Loving it!

that is why I was kicking myself today.
Granted last year's 6 hours down was there fault  this one is not.
is in the gym putting n wrk n a pick up game.Thats why she's the best player in the PCAC right now.
No Semin So Far is right up there too
Back to my favorite new study spot.
Only thing keeping me going is this Starbucks iced green tea
Strategic planning does not deal with future decisions.
It deals with the futurity of present decisions.
Peter doctorcker
and we have to figure out how to do it from 2 dif states
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I'm so motivated by my Spring Break plans that I'm going to go study..outside on the grass.
And what I really mean is sleep on my books.
I'm gonna try....
I'm such a ditz sometimes...
Last year I sprang my ankle and hiked on it the next day...
I'm just too wild!
I don't belong here !
can I LIVE!
Yeah.
You can't?
Half time!!!
Recap of 's a.m.
Toddler spills beer.
Infant poops diaper.
Infant pees on bed while being changed.
Spill coffee.
All change clothes.
and Ron Marvin Congratulations to all the new IFDANYRisingStars!
idol Joshua Ledet showed out tonight...I really have gotten into this season.
I'm really enjoying myself....
You know you picked the wrong hotel when you have to cuddle your laptop to keep warm.
At a birthday party today, a complete stranger's kid asked me if I wear underwear...
Then followed it up with, Can I see?
becareful what you tweet, your like me US property lol
LOL.
It's almost as if he doesn't know what to do, but he feels the music and come heaven or hell, he's gonna dance.
:
LOL I've often had Grade sixty papers, whattaya get?
Another day older and deeper debt in my head
Good Morning everyone!
You prayed yet?
If you got time check out...
www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ God Bless
Getting 60 dollars randomly in the mail from your grandma?
You can order by visiting www.UmeusCloth.com : how can I order a teeshirt??
Another great day in paradox...
thanks for the support!
I will murder you........in a game of who can catch the most fish
Online video stream?
The majority of college students are good human beings
It is futile waiting for an Amazon order to arrive when you never actually ordered finalized the order...
i assuemed she used the walkers to hide the alive smell.
2nd season was very boring compared to season 1.
heard
how are you enjoying The Laws of Simplicity  check out his piece in Harvard Business Review
If you feel like there's noone on Google it's because you haven't taken the time to find people via
I wanna kill sometimes.
And I don't even like Descartes!
Getting pumped for our Feb DubWars!
LoveLight Spankalicious!
Tickets can be purchased at Cincytickets.com!
May sell out.
Thanks for the info.
Unfortunately mine won't be done by Jan 23.
Next year.
when people see  of behaviors comprising a task it shows how many behaviors we need to shape.
nope not right now, its in the shop, I might have it later though
Who's your man?
Oh yeah.
Here it is.
Hold on to your hats.
Always escape file paths in code.
...'airport' denotes a zone and not a thing...
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again
: hey you!
I miss you on my timeline.
it was blessed and urs?
Thank you :  RT : Shower the People You Love with Love...
If all the bankers are meeting at Bilderberg, and all of them were at the helm during the crash, then it means they engineered the crash.
Also, Friday night is gay date night in Shadyside.
These old queens are adorbs.
nobody said it was easy, but no one ever said it would be this hard.
I just adore you.
wow rose!!
Haven't seen happy tweets from you in a long time!
Ur makn my timeline
I'm glad to be part of this big family Beliebers 3
I'm the luckiest girl in the world!
In an hour is the RoyalRumble!
Why do pigs like February 14th?
They get lots of Valenswines.
you guys know each other?
What a small world
Any C Wizards out there with games exp in the bayArea looking for a 1215 month Contract?
panda Peyton likes me more....so just stop trying lmao and yes I've put ppl in full body casts
Our new Lovepoint collection is perfect for any occasion, stop in and meet your perfect match today!
xoxo LUCI
What's your favorite LESS feature?
Are you utilizing all of them or mainly variables?
Good Morning what's good who is getting crushed today.
Lol
Girl I was napping..
up now back on my business shit!
yep: Sox are 29th in baseball for team ERA, but 3rd for team batting avg
What's with the weirdly inappropriate c's the day quest titles and descriptions?
Picture please!!
How short is it?
RT : Cut my hair
Winning 20 against the Bulldogs!!
Oh shit.
Peer pressure.
;
Come see us in the tech product spotlight!
Ballroom H
FOLLOW ME PLZ
Milk expires tomorrow...
guess who's having 16 bowls of cereal tonight.
You're preaching to the choir.
Think UWM has a shot at winning the horizon?
You're amazing.
Let's blow the doors off Cactus, Garibaldis, Cans, Turner, MOCT, and Foster.
It's a special day.
Let's make it special.
Hollywood: America, this is Channing Tatum and you WILL accept him.
Tomorrow is officially 4 years older than me :/
John Fillwalk and Jesse Allison present to the Ohio Learning Network, U of Cincinnati on our Blackboard / Second Life Project.
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
I missed u on Comcast tonight did you beat TB on full contact ?
Babe i love you 3 :
Had the yummiest sushi  margaritas at Hecho in Sf!!
Yum!
follow up
We just saw clip on you on stage; you look proud!
: def one of the projects I'm most proud ofUSCLACMAOZO
Yes...
Why?
Haha: Who Did You Think I Was Talking About?
Ha, everygirl I'm done with you, yall talk shit behind your friends backs.
Everytime I try to be bitches friends, they talk shit.
Bye bye.
came from boxing .
so tired but w'e ill get used to it .
Best Community related modules for doctorpal?
years ago I read the book how to win friends and influence people
's NEVER SAY NEVER is at number 14.
Lets get it to number 1.
bieberblast!
lol i know:
Thanks for following , Roger!
My wife and I took the kids to the WWNP a few years ago.
We're due for a visit!
A new day a new idea.
Time to try again.
George Zimmerman Neighborhood Watch  mens hoodies
idc.just come c me
In the words of the immortal : LGA to ORfuckingD
You wanna ride with me cause you said he boring!
:0
thank you :D
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow but im not going Thursday  Friday cause I'll be in Daytonnnnaaaa 3
Got a new 9week dachshund puppy!!
She's SO adorable!!
I know they look at you so angry when you don't get the ball :o
amWriting at the Pearl Cup, trying to get something going on this new chapter.
of course.
I figures it was the only way I'd get to see you  now that you're on the senate side and living in the burbs.
:
yea that's true.
Should be starting physical therapy in several weeks hopeful be able to start playing again
eye roll....
but u follow me so what's that say about u?
:
So tired!
Where's my secondWind?
I think i actually passed out after I responded to your tweet.
yay for sleep!!
;
No worries here.
I often don't even understand my own humor!
RT : SOPA mentioned 488,000 times yesterday, 7 times more than Justin Bieber  trending in almost all countries via
Let's just say if you haven't been to golden harvest you aren't living!
that is until WWE invades next week with people from all 50 states and over 30 countries...
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel
What song from the last five years will be considered a classic 30 years from now?
Its time to go to sleep and my husband has the hiccups!!!LMAO!!
Did you know that Vitahl Medical Aesthetics is 1 of Botox injectors in the country, and considered one of the best Denver Botox offices?
RIP Donna Summer.
Queen of disco.
This girl had the nerve to walk up in here without my shit.
Next time, u just stay on the computer and watch
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IN ORLANDO  THE BEACHAM W/ RICK ROSS, 2CHAINZ, DJ NASTY

: was almost on Sportscenter SKCNation almost ESPN best of the best.
Always best in 's hearts
Hey this is no Illusion I'm being followed by pretty cool stuff
10:0010:15am is our morning snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
Learn more about the Leadership  Negotiation seminars at this year's BizExpo by checking out today's BizExpoChat video...
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Thinking of the day , when you went away.
what are you reading?
the dictionary lol
I'd assume other cousins were out of the loop, as well
lol don't play like you arent going to get it in at work lol
Mike Posners voice 
GeffenContemporary MOCA Street art exhibit  amazing!
Seek Gods presence to have an encounter with him and to experience the supernatural miracles and wonders of God.
Night everyone, GBU!
The Fray managed to make the national anthem sound like all of their songs.
Lol sounds tight bro u should come with me to get my permit this monday.
Looking forward to leading worship in the morning at 10 o'clock with an amazing team of worshipers.
Be there to join in!
that would be a far walk lol
Thank you for sharing!
Nails did...
Yeah!!!
Beach boys
What a brutal sports week, 2 badger losses and now mubb giving up a 16 pt lead...
Austin gift shop off of South Lamar.
They have some in color too!
They are usually out at festivals as well.
So cute :
I got such a cute shirt today.
Thanka gabby gurl.
Keep piling it on these punks, Mavs.
I want a 40 pt win.
God has a plan for everything, we just have to be quiet and humble enough to hear what it is.
office job?
what is the world coming to?
Dueling presentations happening at mw2012.
1 on epublishing  1 on online visitation studies.
2 diverse, but important areas.
when do we get to see the new Sparky?
It's 11 but the majority of the people aren't on the boat.
What does he have to say again...
hope its not same old things about justice and peace??
always good too see 1s go down!
Things are great!
Hope all is well in Tulsa!
Cathy Norton: USGS  Cornell, the newest members to BHLUS/UK!
I can understand that, but give your offense a shot at coming back.
Kuroda gave up too much, our offense can comeback!
Thanks, Tim.
sweet cant wait!
I am shocked to hear the terrible news.
Junior Seau found dead.
Junior was a very special person and he will be missed tremendously.
RIP
Same , Wyd this weekend ?
high 5 for kidding!
Congratulations!
I know I recruited a few of them.
: Couldn't happen to a nicer website.
Yeah!
dm me that number
Tomorrow on : with charts on how the economy has done under GOP Presidents vs.
Dem Presidents
Romney is doing the South thing just right we know where he's from so he havin fun and we'al like bein real
Slick Rick 
my full name is Hannah Lenger and my personal twitter is hifromhannah :D
RT : So...freaking...hot...UGH!
I totally agree, girl.
It's super hot here, too.
xp
oh really?
thats nice me too
'...an Adonis follow through...' The Star Maker Machinery is humming full bore on NBC right now.
This kids fo reals tho.
Networking votes at my favorite hang out...wish me luck!
Are you being serious?
so sweet haha.
Happy February 2012 Everyone!!
Cheers!!!!
Understanding the diff way that leaders can influence the culture of an organizat.
What process is needed to decrease the 's of unemploymt?
It's just so great.
I want their entire wardoctorbe.
NETWORKING OPPORTUNITY!
POST Right HERE NOW!
Post WHAT YOU have done...or will be doing in the Future!
My charger was in my bag the whole time smh now I can text everybody back
If you're not going to date a girl ecause she's not skinny enough to your liking then you don't deserve to date ANYONE.
i hve an interview at the pool place tt opening on ruskin !
:
I freaking love how simple is.
Payless?
EFF THAT!
I would be happy with cardboard shoes on my feet...............
Erm not really.
Yes, in the fall.
We most likely will have to go back for a little reshoot and he's got tons of special effects.
looooooooooooool mom ftw.
After Meridian?
I think RT : What does A.M.
mean?
Like its 6am?
I love you mommy :

issuing your invitation to burglars?
WORST HURRICANE IN MISSOURI HISTORY  water rescue ...
i wonder if babies and elderly people doctoram that they're desperately searching for a bathroom and find one w/ an immaculately clean toilet.
find me a job and I'll tell you the secret, trust me I'm a doctor
Vegas VIP Hosts  get at me!
She's an easy lover.
I meant to dedicate my 1000th tweet to since she gave me the Twitterbug, but I missed it...
So, here's my 1002nd to you Kales!
haven't had a different flavor in years.
Are you going to buy facebook stock?
I see I see you talking to them girls on the phone oh..
I wish I can tell em all to leave you along IWishedYouLoveMe.:
Just realized how annoying people can be when they start to complain...
Very Doumitlike back there.
Not sore at all.
Handled them like a champ!!
Time for a long day of work
Just say yes.
I can't fuck with someone who beleave's everything they see on BET.
Congrats on your fellowship, Annie!
I wish we could all spend another year together in the fellows lounge!
Wish I knew how to melt cheese for cheese/gravy fries.
Whole Foods!
Why do you have such good food and I end up spending way more money than I need to and doctornk ALL your coffee!
don't worry!
it's like grits.
doctornk water: No stress.
No pressure.
Just down 8 oz every hour and you're set.
We Do Not See Nor Do We Pay Attention To Dem Lil Green Boys!!!
20 Heat!
Yuh!
Woah!
has beer onboard?
Me thinks we need to have a DCdoctornkUp starting at Union Station and ending who knows where!
Busy day tomorrow!!!!!!
On my way to Washington, DC to deliver Islandora training at the Smithsonian.
church was great!
Now on to rehearsal :
and if he was to get locked up would he then tat free Me on the otha side?
No tea no shade!
Love it!
I was just vein' sassy w/yah!
Its been an adventure for sure, it is easy to travel with my job that's true, I'm lucky with that.
as if using comic sans isn't criminal enough.
American forces moving from Montreal toward Quebec have captainred three armed British vessels
On my way to a Grammy party.
I can't wait to see what is wearing
Attention.
Someone has hacked you, brofest.
HOW DID U GET IN TO MEET THE STARS AND INTERVEIW OR WHAT U DO TO PUT ON UR WEBSITE DO YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THAT OR WELL WHAT DO U HAV TO DO
I can't wait to preach Sunday!
There is a lifechanging, Jesusglorifying Word stirring in me you won't want to miss Sunday
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
Sorry not so many Click Clack updates recently.
I am running my first Half Marathon on Saturday!
I am a nervous little bee.
MT : Hey NASASocial attendees  please keep checking your emails today for updates as we iron out final details.
I did join, I was talking to someone else about possibly making a Mo' bro  Mo' sista meetup this month.
Woke up from a sicknessinduced nap.
Feel like I swallowed a golf ball mad of broken glass, which got lodged halfway down.
the mirror?
We enjoyed the show  thanks for the mention.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
I w
idk but i'll ask and i'll tell you kk c:
fornicate with courtesans and acquire currency
Good.
Just in time for the badger game!
sounds good!!
thanks..let us know how we can ever help you!
The job of a coach is to make men do what they dont want to do in order to achieve what theyve always wanted to be.
Tom Landoctor
Love you to the moon and back.
Of all the evils which can be inflicted on a free state, banking establishments are the most alarming.
Nile's Weekly Register
Jamaal Franklin!!!
With the reverse slam!
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
: a old ass tired lakers ?
or a well rested okc ?
I'm not spanish/ Mexican but it's cinco de mayo COronas on deck tnite
Our original score for 9 Lives cat food has moved through to the National Addy Award competition from the regional.
Serving size vs.
portion size?: From: Michelle Mirizzi, MS, Registered Dietitian Find out the difference between serving sizes an...
Maybe, just maybe, the Leafs will remember they're attempting to tank tomorrow night.
Maybe.
Everyone was ALWAYS surprised when bad things happened, like the forgot the last 10 bad things that happened.
fuckin assome word...bot no...i actually think ur a kewl person...plus u love danes too...so paws up be well!!
So true.
It's a good series.
Here's hoping no more triple OTs are required though.
I can't handle that again.
crap I'll be out of town for that
tony stewart doctorving for richard childoctorss
Dear New TV Shows: if you have to tell me you are a funny comedy generally means you suck so just give up and get off my TV
headshots w/ Christina!
Fun snarky hip!
thanks for the referral!
The lake smells salty
Hi there, thanks for the RT!
We would love to work with you and the on any upcoming projects or events you may have!
I swear...
I can watch the same criminal mind episodes and feel like I've never seen them!!!!
They're so FN good!!!!
No way!
You're going to mow the lawn now?
It just rained!!!
Guess I'll pause the vo process until you're done.
Grrrr....
I broke down  bought the Wacom Bamboo.
Should be here Tuesday!
new motto: tomorrow's news...yawn.
Been there, done that.
Trying to do this quietly never really works out.
Just wanted to say congrats on the CBS gig Jason!
Well deserved!
Life's too short to hang out with people that aren't resourceful.
Nice.
just starting moving, doctorgging a lady by her arm, stuck in the door.
She's ok, but stuck at Davis bec emergency brake stuck.
Let's wait for the other contestants!
TobeRevealed lol
Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Italian Proverb
Waiting to see what Zimmerman being charged with...
I just shit myself..
Phil Galfond Wins 400K in Less Than 7 Days
WHO THE HECK ARE YOU I KNOW ITS NOT KATE BUT YOU BETTER STOP OR WE WILL CALL THE POLICE HAHA caity
While shooting midoctornge jumpers isn't usually a sustainable offense, if they are this wide open it it sure as heck is.
Tonight was a really good night
Sorry for the mixup.
Sometimes I feel so outoftheloop!
the same.
Your girls are getting big
Yup.
All is well in Birdland!
my favorite song is mistletoe
should I have friut loops or pops?
Spent time in San Francisco today.
Felt like I was in Full House!
hah.
totally sent one of those to myself.
read the last two in reverse order.
You can barely speak my spelling is far beyond your meager intellect.
thank you dear God will see us through ..are u doing ok?
RT : Reminder: if you're with ATT and are hoping to upgrade after today's announcement, dial 639 to see if it'll cost you 250.
Hardly sober but ready to take that exam by the horns and show it who's boss.
I'm blaming for my doctornkeness right meow.
Like I'm not gonna rape you in the locker room dude?
3 come and party with me over the summer Tysan!
how I hate them niggaz when I still support them niggaz?...
but fuck them niggaz  RT
Swansea are a pleasure to watch.
Fantastic passing.
Arsenal could stand to learn from that last passage of incisive pass  move on the right
So apparently today is National Eat What You Want Day...???
Do I even need to make the obvious joke here?
lol
overall I think you're growing up  all of us angels are growing along with you 3 Thanks for being my inspiration!:
whatever, its ur lie tell it how u want, ur the one with the twisted mind not me angel right here
I'm not funny, somebody lied .
Cant tweet it RT : what's wrong??
Casablanca Sucked Anyways..
Thanks so much for following us ..what an honor!
:
In houston tx and it's so hot I cried out for sweet baby jeebus!
Ay that's alright.
You put up a great fight.
Gotta let em know!
following for ya
good win by SF to start the homestand on the right foot, see you back here for the Redbirds on Wednesday
Leaving audition for Brut commercial.
I think this one's mine.
are you talking about Austin?
Edmund SpenserHe who has learned how to obey will know how to command
I remember that fight, but I'll have to watch it again, been so long.
Machida's round still feels most impressive.
Ay, must be the money!
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like we were born to go, and leave no star unturned?
Me TOO.
That's gonna hurt.
Senior Purchasing Executive  Jobs in Taiwan
I Talk to You :
Lol my dad is all like kava, its ten oclock missy.
Thats late.
We both need to get to sleep.
and im like okay, imma sleep ;
Just a reminder to my fellow DevLearn tweeters, please give credit to a speaker's quote.
: I blame Jordan Staal I blame Jesus.
Sorry judges but America got it RIGHT tonight on AmericanIdol  Joshua, Elise and Jessica should all be in the bottom 3.
Vagina jokes aren't funny, period.
Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them.
9/11 jokes aren't funny, they're just plane wrong.
I love my life, but sometimes I get so lonely.
exactlyy .
and he knew his hair was nappy!
come on now , shame on him for even bringin it up .
lmfao
We're trying to connect everywhere we can to reach as many gamers as possible!
Our Services Include: Daily, Weekly  Monthly Cleaning.
General House Cleaning.
Move in  Move out Cleaning.
Office Cleaning.
Condo Clea
I never want to learn how most of the things I eat are made.
I'm not ready to eat solely from my own organic garden.
Creepy.
Though I believe my mother once had a cat that specifically asked for salami like that.
happy birthday!
Do what makes YOU happy 3
The love of my life, me, and the artist!!!
Can't wait!!!!
Sounds bad, I know!!!
that makes two of us!
So who the fuck is Ashlee to get something to eat when im not there !
can we also expect CSSpaghett3?
oh boy a new flat pet!
Can't wait to meet tsk!!
LMAO!
You're even tweeting about it now!
Can I hit it in the morning?
your following and retweeting people, but not me!
why?!:
okay c:
Meeting with client today for an ecommerce site.
Woohoo
Stay tuned to www.genxvapor.com for Eliquid announcements, gourmet US made liquids in flavors that have your tastebuds addicted!
No worries.
It's been an exciting long weekend for everyone.
New Perry campaign slogan: Let's have Jews in Palestine, so we don't have 'em over here!
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel
Happy Mother's Day.
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS 5 off breakfast pizzas.
Spread the word.
I agree capitalism is SUCH an underdog, it never gets ahead
Heat playoffs game 1 is Saturday at 3:30, fuck everything else at that moment
My uncle and my aunt are so dorky, they're so cute together c,:
Europa here we come
Mitt says bullying other kids was just  stupid things.
Torturing the family pet was just bonding with the kids.
What a jerk!
haha bri I know who you are.
And I will be sure to do so!
:
he's just an ignorant clown.
He's just flailing away over there with his foolishness.
This  is gonna put me right to !!
Exactly what I needed
I always watch the Cavs never won viewer appreciation prize but hats off to you for great idea added benefit 4 normal viewers
In a more perfect America, the composition of Congress would be at least 51 female.
Already have him down :
He sucks at it though
you could really use a body wax
Happy Mommy's Day to all you Mamas.
Hope you have a wonderful day...
Thanks for retweeting posts!
Submitted my grades so this semester is officially over.
Class curve was inverse all A's and D/F's.
Directly related to class attendance.
ok i hope to see it tomorrow
First st pattys day being 21....should be interesting 
Just saw campus classified ad for a car that starts Single owner Lady doctorven
Looking forward to getting Kit and Lee all hitched up tonight.
But gotta finish the chores first!
I agree but I'm pretty sure my wife wouldn't approve.
The kids are a little too young for that skill.
Give em a few years.
Nice!
I can't wait to try it out.
The Google page says its currently over capacity, even unactivated invites are on hold.
RT : Photos of 's exhibition at the Nevada Museum of Art now online via
callmon that inner Peggy Flemming, I'm sure a gold medal is in your future.
:
If he says he will call and u wait for 4 or 5 hours does he even love u?
RT Just reported a hazard on I 71 N, using Waze  doctorve Social
Who has the pictures?
I can't wait to see them.
I apparently only took about 5.
My allergies just staged a revolt midWriters' Workshop.
I'm not okay with this.
damn I'm jealous!
I want to go to Australia !
Please follow our friends at thanks
it will be late this summer.
Maybe end of July.
Internships are open at Signature!
contact Bryan
I just voted for Entertainer of the Year and New Artist of the Year for the Academy of Country Music Awardsplease retweet
lmao no he wont
The weekend is here let's PARTY w/ some FF tweeters!
RT: Jetpack Joyride is now playable free on Facebook.
I'm sorry you're about to lose a day of work.
Only 1 day?
That's willpower.
Who has Skype?
love your professorle pic..
what cosmetics line is that?
hope he's coming to !
Oops RT : Big Mac, Large fries, and a DIET Coke?
You must really be watching your calories.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Well, we would be shocked any time.
; RT : You know it's been a great ...
when you're shocked to see snow in March
Happy New Year all!
So now I am attending two univ at the same time, it is going to be a rough couple of weeks till the semester ends at the one!
oo
thanks buddy!
Can't sleep.
Lousy sleeping pills ran out.
Bah.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Lavoy frustrated him.
5 Rabbits, yes that's it.
I just finished a book about an alcoholic in Oaxaca so feels like I'm right there!
Then be, and stop putzing around with the mind.
My Mac is working on reserve battery.
That's how much I love you.
I wish I had a best friend like and Lo !
Ron Smith is the man!
My condolences for him and his family.
we can't wait!
Holy crap am I sick of the NFL Fantasy ad.
Probably doesn't help that I hated that song to begin with...
Extended board meeting today to talk financing, fundoctorsing and vision.
Great chat with Kyle from Ostara Group.
Took my sister trick or treating.
Now it's time to teach her about the government.
We'll start with income tax.
:
Pat Pattison speaks songwriting!
Watch these helpful online videos!
W.patpattison.com/videos
There's a series?!?
So bad!
RT : Wow, I hadn't seen any of BETTY WHITE'S OFF THEIR ROCKERS until now, and I never realized ...
it was just the overall attitude.
Some of the fly attendants seem unenthusiastic about working.
My latest blog re: National Asthma Awareness Month w/ links to
My 11yrold nephew has a lot of opinions about Johnny Cash.
I'm very lucky 2b here I nearly died 2k9 b/c of laws a state threatening succession over Heath care  need more surgery b/c
The thunder aint playin today.
lakergame lolRT : damn, this thunder outside aint playing around!
it shook my whole house!WTF
I am not gay.
I am a professorssional.
Key Note Speakers Include: Mercedes M.
Mrquez, Assistant Secretary Community Planning  Development, U.S.
Dept of Housing  Urban Dept
Just saw some elephants.
So that's pretty cool
So proud of !
welcome to twitter
Offensive to BeardAmericans.
MT Would you have been offended if the plan to kill Osama was called Operation Beard Trim?
Never knew that an El Camino was the mullet of the muscle car world Thanks SCOTS
Trying 2 count sheep but it's not working
Come up to Arapahoe Basin tomorrow for the Slopestyle Devo Championships and see some kids shred up the park!
OMG that is so funny!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
I'm great.
How are you?
Templates for 13 NSF directorates, plus NEH and Moore Foundation, represented in DMPTool
Good luck to my amazing friend on her first day of nursing school ily
OMG!
Congrats!
Wow that last tweet was exactly 140 characters!
Lol
Semester, myself and many other girls would love the chance to camp out to feel that thrill but we honestly can't!
I understand...
I have a great re recipe for HCB, want it?
Gonna go to FIU to sell my books
It's NationalVolunteerWeek!
How is your org showing appreciation for the folks who dedicate their time to help you accomplish ur mission?
you don't like St.
Elmos Fire????
That's it!
You just lost a VERY important listener.
Talked to oomf all night
Anthony is about to reveal a big surprise on air  zenlive.tv
Check out the Fox news story in which SeiferFlatow, PLLC comments regarding the new proposed law regarding unlicensed doctorvers.
RAW WEDNESDAY'S  CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM AKRON!!!!
LADIES FREE TILL 11 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21
Apparently shit gets real at BASS O'clock WMC ...
Smog VS Basshead
Dont rush into any kind of relationship.
Work on urself,experience urself, love urself.
Do this first you will attract that special someone!
An Audio Engineer's job is not to park a mix and walk away....
he is a part of the talent, constantly tweaking and improving his work.
yes, the best program, I love a lot
He's back.
The crowd howls approval.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending 
Cano is over due!
Lets go Robbie!!
plzzz follow me :
RT : Whoa!
Power's out at 49ers stadium!!
He said don't hesitate to ask if u need something, I just wanna be here for you.
And I think we will be good together
ohh act like you have worse than a C...
One more week till i go on the cruiz in to bahamas im so excited!!!
:
Here is my topic tonight.....
Do you think Roseanne will be our next president?
Toon were never gonna get a result at Everton but I am fine with 5th.
10 places above most people's prediction :
I'll be in Vegas this weekend at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth!
Come out and see me  follow where we're headed next at kustomthrills.com
So who's ready for fall?
Well guess what your boys Paging Grace are gonna be playing Huntington's fall festival!
You're hot, I'm not.
Opposites attract, right?
Lol, I'm sorry Mardoe!
We can share that Laker love, but as far as baseball is concerned, Dodgers  A's are my teams!
Cabrini Green  RT Someone tell me where I should live in Chcago.
I have needs.
No, I didn't need to buy 3 new books tonight.
Is going to grace us with her presence tonight?
I'm hungry I need food in me ;
Well....
I'm here haha
So excited to meet Jessica Alba event!!
Balloon Shop 
Did you know that Cary Hoffman was an Executive Producer on the tv show Men of a Certain Age?
the tshirts or towels don't cost nothing seriously, I am finding out what we are getting, stay tuned.
saa11 National Archival Authorities Cooperative in the early planning stages.
Warm.
Fuzzy.
Thanks Rx's
All of this talk about paleo diet intrigues me.
thinks I should join.
Thoughts, ?
New members!
Welcome Max and Colin!
Come check out Yesterday's BRAND NEW SONG, and NEW MEMBERS!
don't hate.
Sometimes I forget...ain't no thang!
We will, we will rock you!
can we partner up on the micahsvoice mission?
Please check out my site, it's still being worked on.
we can use your help!
Let's go
That's true, there will be 13 episodes to wrap it up.
It still SUCKS.
I just happened to go into Motivasi Coffee this morning and they had a police scanner on.
My family is now out of the neighborhood.
The Nora in Kroger .
Great checkout and the friendliest employees
Wow bombshell
Sounds like a thunderstorm is brewing.
I'm seeing you in concert this summer!
please don't ever doubt my love for you.
Not looking forward to the load in / load out in the 5 degree weather tonight.
Good thing the music will be hot!
that Rocco kids a sped!
I like ripped tights pero mines are Fucked Up right now
You think ?
I Do ...RT : They're saying Zimmerman is not in the state of Florida.
Maybe he's in Mexico?
Lol
Good morning!!!
TELL ALL YOUR LOVING MOTHERS I SAID HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BEAUTIFUL!!!: 333
: backchannel not reallynot a big fan of eggs unless it's for breakfast!!
I forgot you got food poisoningeggs
: Aw thanks your one of my most beautiful follower MuchLove 3
First challenge For Hot 107.1 Hottest intern Starts Tomorrow!
you and me both.
ya in college
TX RT Making Books Sing
Edwin Jackson looks like he really needs a hug right now.
And on that note  goodnight!
;
Deals can create, transfer or destroy value.
Let's not forget the new God Forbid: Equilibrium.
That shit is SICK.
Lord knows I want this job!
Why Belgium?
he got 1 or 2 divots up there ??
hey whats up welcome to the twitter world
deserved to be in the top three, this is rediculousss
Gracias!
Thank you for the follow.
Sante!
Yeah...
I'm moving out when I'm 18.
This is bullshit.
let me keep my eyes closed.
missingmilwaukee day 20 is about
We cannot communicate without being responsible for the self, the other, the world we thereby bring into being.
Chely Wright  Chely Wright Taking Part In Charity Walk
I think we need to do this again.
:
Beauty is not flawless..
It shines even through your flaws
if you wore high heels, I would beat you by another 20 points at mini golf!!!
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim has never beaten a Big Ten team in the NCAA tourney, and it'll hopefully stay that way.
Dinner at Winnipeg Delta?
Good choice!
The wine is good too!
We're going to tweet out the student nominations for now...
I just followed while watching The Simpsons!
He is playing Jesus!

Scout Mint  choc pudding ice cream/hot fudge  candied nibs  AMAZING.
coming to America faf
RT It was nice to know you, but I gotta move on.
been ready since last Saturday night.
Been up for hours today.
Can't wait!!!
Best to you on your recovery.
I always get a hard album to read the credits.
Look at the cause, not the cure.
Brenda Baker via
Pls tell me how you get to claim selfdefense, when you pursue someone with a 9mm gun  kill them in cold blood?!!!
That's all I do is research.
It's probably yo mama texting' about how she wants my quesadilla!
always be open for change
I am so thankful for my church!!
: We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me because that's the type of person I am.
Brooke is going to Austin with !!!!
Just had an awesome Saks.com marketing team bonding hangout w/ and the rest of the saks ladies  analytics!
She call me when she wants a change.
Save the date for our Dinner Under the Stars fundoctoriser Sept.
24.
For more information visit rightdirectioninc.org
gotta check wit first
Stoked to be part of the team!
RT She gets PR, loves comedy and is part of the LaffMobbMovement:  FOLLOW HER!
Good Job LOMO TakeTheWalk marlins v
Today is the day I go to California!
So glad to hear you had an exceptional experience
haha yea bro, I still got two more weeks.
Then I'll move back to over by the Quarry
Close and awkward encounter with the seventh kind  UofC MFA professorssor
MT : just yelled, Get out of the st., stupid!
There's an organ donor in progress right there.
//where?
Total horse shite.
RSL player fell down.
Sapong had his hands down.
What day will the LAPC 10k play down to the TV table and what time will filming start the next day?
Thx.
I would probably only use the second bedoctorom for guests and to store computer crap.
Tony Parker is only 30?!
For real?
mister Chopra I hope I get the chance to meet you while you are in NY!
You are truly an inspiration!
: Impossible's just an opinion.
Don't buy it.
what's good where I at?
Congratulations brother.
Much respect and continued success in all that you do.
ScentSations June essential oil sale  Buy two instock oils or lotions and get one instock oil or lotion free.
Contact me for details...
was that WorldPeace smashing Rondo's head into the ground like that?
:  listened to the music ....as though synchronizing their heartbeats with it.
Kurt Vonnegut Try that w/Slayer.
I'm from Bellinghamm!
100 of teachers have a higher education than Walker
Can you bring in about 1/4 cup of pomegranate molasses for this recipe Jane assigned to me?!
We prevent injuries, so you don't have to rehab them.
CG PhilosophieThe Cerebral Approach to Fitness
inputting time sheets is like a chore in itself!
REUNION THIS WEEKEND!!!!!
Swell.
Busy.
Big League Chew and GI Joes
It's no secret that I'm a Palinista.
And perhaps I go overboard occasionally.
But some of you out there need to get a grip.
Finaly, were off break
Good Dick Will Make Her Put A Ring On It
MT If trees could scream would we be so cavalier about cutting them down?
We might if they screamed all the time fr no reason
They need like a ten year break from each other!
Congrats on a job well done.
RT Tonight I Chair my final SAC meeting.
It's been quite a run.
building an application to deploy on GAE
get on Rogan's podcast to talk about UFC 142 ASAP please!
I need sleep
What do you think about all the people remixing your songs in dubstep format?
Id really like to know if you approve/feelings?
Me too, and I do remember him being less pedantic and more tunedin.
He just got old and doesn't follow baseball that hard.
And, you have a fabulous Friday as well!
Sadly agree.
They don't care OR have bad intentions most of the time.
Loose lips sink ships.
Just my luck.
My phone isn't charging.
Anyone know how to fix this??
It isn't charging to any charger or USB
Zurich scraps 393 jobs moving PL to Endsleigh Zurich will axe more than 300 jobs by 2014 in a bid to transform its personal lines busines
The Soup  Stock Market, AJBombers, Swig and Water Buffalo ...
Pick a place, any place!
We will deliver to YOU!
Seriously disgusting, but not unexpected RT Yale, student rape, and 'no means yes': chroni.cl/wbCHpn
Where does Dolly Madison fit into this scheme?
I guess she's owned by Hostess now so doesn't count
The one good thing about being old as I am, I can feel so fortunate to have seen Freddie Mercury and Queen back in the day.
Congrats Flynn  The Packers!!!
That was an awesome game!
:D
Am happy for because she just got her ipod : she has been waiting for it for like 2 years :b
geekend fa115 via your evolution is inevitable I you keep doing it
Made my morning waking up to texts from you two.
Men Are Ready For 'Victor's Secret,' Times Claims huffpost I'm ready, if the model is Ryan Reynolds!
I'm gonna fucking cry.
New music from the biebs tomorrow!
Gives me a lot of confidence to hear this from my mom: I love you.
I am so lucky to have you as a son.
more like
Memorial weekend coming up.
Vegas will be slammed busy, u definitely want to get ur reservations in ASAP.
Woah.
I think I have to be in this video.
What are you doing the 12th  13th hm?
congrats!
good luck :
Dating shows : interesting that when the women pick, it seems to last vs when the men do.
Just presented a speech to high school students about college  their future.
Of course they asked me if the parties are fun.
Couldn't lie.
niners working hard ...keep it going!
Kareoke Starts  9:00 Tonight!!!
Come join in all the fun!!!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
ooohh it is rare to develop later in life, but happens
Van Halen's Right Now just came on  I said outloud Panthers fans...are you ready for overrrtimeee?!?!
My coworkers thought I was nuts.
You looking like a dime and you keep it x10.
Hunnit!
I love a cloudy Saturday when I can chill on the couch and balcony watching tv and reading!!
Tupac  Hail mary
Bug/GPS/Mini Camera sweeping services available.
thank you sir!
surely there will be a home for one of my little creations.
I make a very good living  am happy to support higher taxes.
My rate would go up.
Typical liberal, that's me.
emphasis on may check, just remembered she attended National Equality March in Oct.
'09, could be politically active
thanks for cleaning my room and road tripping with me today.
You da best
Excited for TRX Group Training in Boca this Sunday!
Commencing The Wayfarer book 2 Electric Boogaloo.
cause you didn't get accepted 
goodnight twitter world: i better be able to wake up tm.
sixflags ah!
S/O to my newest follower welcome love
Devastating when my rich friends are out of town and I can't get into the SoHo House
Who is at the MarlinsCards game right now?
Whatcha think?
This has been a great final hour of golf.
I like Bubba to win.
.
Her name is on list because some unknown bureaucrat made a secret decision, based on secret evidence, to put it on list.
Ohio struggles to doctorft tougher law after exotic animals' escape COLUMBUS, Ohio  Ohio legislation designed to clamp down on ow
I'm comfortable with the revenge.
trying to get back onto a normal sleep schedule...
if u love me u will :
Is the whole Amityville area going away?
Games, hot dogs, everything?
Our FitMKE banner from just arrived!
Look for our tent on Saturday at the Fit Milwaukee Indoor Marathon Relay!
Keep Pushing.
We got you.
RT The more people you connect with, the less time you have to spend on any one of them.
Hamlet's BlackBerry //
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign.
Thank you!
I'm just so very really bored
I didn't forget but it looked like you had found a way out of it haha.
How long u back for son?
great weekend w/ future hubby  glad to be home to pick up Roxie 2morrow.
Only bad thing was the guy's breath next to me on the plane.
lol
would you mind calling me today!?
:
trust me, its effective.
Leaving for the recording studio to lay down a track for a friend.
Hopefully I don't make a fool of myself.
ah!
so nice.
are you at the university club?
i cannot wait to see you!
We are : RT : Starting a new product from scratch?
Learn and be encouraged with other entrepreneurs doing the same.
We like...
that's wassup!!!
Just some super glue for the hair and the hair paint and it's set!
:
VegasRoast any time you go out with Corey Nigrelli you know it's gonorrheally good time Chad Saunders Hahahaha
Finally watching The Green Mile..
Its about time!
only if i can ride my bike ; but PLEASE
Great to see and on bikes during lunch today!
Loved hearing Daniel Birnbaum's inspirational talk about turning around SodaStream as well as getting to meet fellow ROIers at
: To avoid 'who dat?' moments when I speak in your general direction from this new handle, I am also that guy 
all about fullerton.
Sure, but I'm comfortable imagining some of the things you want in a flight are also paid for in ticket.
It's more efficient.
listening to ?
Very proud.
Be sure and catch him tonight with your boy on cc:
that's true talk my sis
I'm having homemade manicotti.
Be jelly :P Xx
completed his food and exercise diary for 08/15/2011 and was under his calorie goal
On the plus side I love spending the WHOLE day with Keylee she makes me smile and laugh so much!
It's so worth the lack of sleep!
Instead of putting Mayo on your sandwich, use Gourme Mist instead!
You'll save 100 calories!!
just finished rehearsing with My band..relaxing now..
I can do one for you!
Mark
I know right?
I'll ask if I'm going to sawgrass Friday and I'll tweet you lol or Facebook
: thebulls won last night let's see the whitesox win today:
Actually, I'd go see and and die of happiness instantly.
Wide, wide awake on my one day to sleep in.
Typical, right?
Oh well.
I knew this would happen
Get ugly , your to beautiful .
why's that?
Now cops asking please step into the park, herding people in
Stressful day at home today.
Grrrrrr I'm tryin to stay positive!
:/
Great game today!!
Thanks so much for the kind words Matt.
I hope that everyone would see it that way.
Thanks.
Should talk to me more :D
golden retrievers are so 90's
doctorma teacher is announcing who got parts in the play.
Hope I got wat I want!!!
You down with O.P.P ?
hey Kurtis, thanks so much for joining us, hope you'll be back ..
I'm at 202 followers, thanks guys!
Now it's time to aim for 300!
:
: : Your girlfriend looks like a bulldog :
i hope i have a kid that builds a secret laboratory in our house i'd fuck with that lil genius
Magic have been burned before with SHAQ....but I think they should wait this out...not going to get anything of real value
oh finals suck
Watching I Just Want My Pants Back!
Mario Lemieux has the distinction of being the only person to ever win the Stanley Cup as both a player and an owner.
you betta calm ya nipples lmaooo :p
Free Shots at every PACKER TD, 1/2 off Pizza Slices during half time and 2 Domestics / 1 PBR !!
And as always we've got KILLER Bloodies !
RT Use the surrender tactic: transform weakness into power.
Big thanks to everyone for a fun Wednesday night!
Barnett would enjoy Parisian pound cake, no doubt :
Watching the Law  Order :SVU where Jake.T Austin is in  I'm so glad I recorded it
M GURLLL YOU KNOW
Well that just ruined my night
RT : I love myself so much right now, ima diddle myself
American idol is like watching bad Disney auditions
Bj penn vs will be a good fight
Went to David Foox/Patrick McMullan photography exhibit at the Sanctuary.
Who knew that a bunny as a muse could make such great art!
please follow me Nick:
I'm tell you there needs to be a Tumblr of fancy people taking pictures of Bill taking pictures of fancy people.
Gonna make me a vampiro tonight
what does your foundation help with mister Olsen?
I will be at the July 9th Charity event in Chicago.
Im from there.
I cant wait!
yeah absolutely, come out to pub night next time!
Thanks for making my day 3 It was terrible until you smiled at me!
Get to see him tomorrow :
Finished reading the Steve Jobs bio.
Very insightful, inspiring and a hell of trip.
Talk about being doctorven and focused!
it took all this time to become a believer.
Next time trust your best friend
Evans Donnell: Nashville Childoctorn's Theatre, Beauty and the Beast, 1972
Hey!
Thnx for the add!
;
final Haiti Awareness Month event!
Sat Oct 2, Poetry reading at Pour House Cafe, 7:309pm.
www.facebook.com/event.php?eid109714442420989
You are most certainly welcome!!!
How come its so easy to fall in love but so hard to forget the one you feel in love with3
I genuinely meant to wave at this girl but out came my middle finger on accident.
However many ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are greatly more means of being dead, or rather not alive.
Hilary's busy building her global empire just in time for 2016...
Quiz was brutal got to study my ass off!
have I sent you an email yet
I think that's the only route for some artists, especially those starting out.
It's cool though .
I just heard my mom say well hello sexy how are you today?
Court ruled you can be legally fired for using the Like button on Facebook
During the second half the Suns' bench played 46.7 points per 100 better by swapping in Childoctorss for Brown.
Astounding!
i need to smoke a black n mild son.
Pssst!
Reporting from  that Kanye West is in shooting his new video Theraflu.
as do I : Agreement is not a requirement.
Honesty is a big plus :
Boyfriend  Justin Bieber.
Such a pleasant surprise to see you and meet IRL!
Look fwd to hanging out again, for more than 10min:
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
Come into Lottie's tonight for Oscar's famous nachos  ridiculously tasty quesadillas.
When one considers that I'm the ONLY native Eng spkr in a town of Brasileiros, I can relate 
First my teacher talks shit about the cubs and now coffee?!?
..now its personal!
but I donttt smoke bitch, you do!!
24/7!
sure i do lets start by hi my name is jasmin lol
i would but already said he was small...lmao
WOW!
My boo surprised me by visiting me at school!!
Love seeing him!
Totally makes my day!
WHAT THE HECK?
what did the baby even do?!
Like omg she needs to be jailed and her kids need to be taken away from her!!
I think it's going to be doctorve through time for me after work.
It's too weird not to try it.
do you have to try to keep him away from bees now?
Carry some sort of doggy epipen?
wish I could have seen your talk!
: Tonight presented updates on at iotnyc meetup.
I'm crushin super hard!!
feels like High School all over again...
Hes so damn fine!
.
RT We completely agree in fact it is that subtle racism that cuts deeper....
often harder to eradicate
this game was simply about Duke not finishing wide opens opportunities.
UNC played above their heads...but this was on duke
It's so complicated
I did sleep late.
An hour longer than usual.
It was nice.
So was the coffee.
For all those police  military dogs, the German Shepard has a chance at Best in Show!
Wednesday night is Lady's night.
5 Three Olive doctornks and 3 Wines.
For EVERYONE..
I'm jammin out to ClubLifeMiami before my final exam!
Great tracks, Great vibes!!
I'm loving Chasing Summers!!
Amazing album!
California I'll be seeing you on Sunday.
Now to the hard part...5 suitcases, or just 4?
vacation YAY.
FieldConnectMobile provides crossplatform construction scheduling on jobsite; take a look !
Cool.
It is actually clothing I bought while I was there and then forgot to bring with me.
The equiv of 3 doctorss shirts.
Sound okay?
Cool!
I'm kind of a Skype newbie  it's something I'm planning to use next year.
Thanks!
Anytime, The State has always been and always will be my hometown venue!
Only in our wishes!
RT : You would disappear RT : If I Had
let's go do this
Every single thing I made today has booze in it.
I am a mad Irish baker.
Green lantern was good, however the beat part about the movie was seeing the man.....
mister Tim Robbins
Ikr u play lax?
Sure Just Kidding
me a ninja warrior, i kill fly !!!!
500 followers :

wish a nigga would!
I have the best girlfriend in the world
Sittin Wit My Step Daddy, Tony Teague..
Niqqa Crazy A'f , But I Still Lovee Him Tho.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!!!
This is why we vibe so well !!
I have so much love and respect for you girl!!
I appreciate your spirit!
shit not to bad hot as fuck out here
there are so many lots of people on mass ave today.
Horrifying.
A lady dance party just broke out for Spirit Is The Spirit.
Get yourselves to the brick!
People gonna talk whether you're doing wrong or right.
Yeah, I need to replace it.
That was about 45lbs/20kilos/3.2 stone ago.
Shoutout new marketing client
Thanks for helping me to relax after a crazy day.
:
what the bizness
I know you've been pushing hard w/ LOEX lately, but should we set up another time to look  the in.
colloq.
prop?
Get outta my head and fall into my arms instead...3
Omg the doctorams ive been having...
Hope everyone has a great St.
Patrick's day!
If you are thinking about doctornking too much green beer,plan your detox Monday here 7136230866
Greatest finish ever!?!
Manchester City
giggles softly
i have so much boring
I never thought I'd be riding the Metro at 630 am after an allnighter with College Park hipsters.
The day I realized I could make homemade potato salad and then eat it for lunch AND dinner until the bowl was gone?
Great day.
Happy 2 have been able 2 attend AD4MH.
does transformative work w/ many women  kids in
It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival
3WordsForYou Stop The Hate
we need one in Las Vegas ASAP!
: Boston: T Debuts Today!
Find us in Cambridge  Flagg St  Memorial doctor/ 10a7p!
eatmoretacos Wonder if I can get there?
Working on a Nigerian accent.
Listening to some funny freakin nigerian comedians on youtube:
I Might Sound Stupid .
But I Feel Like The World Is Ending......
Would love to talk with you!
It's been the defining experience in terms of my teaching style  views on education.
tough life lady.
:
Just done rolling a 100 joints of Strawberry Cough...wahooo
Lol well played, madam.
I want to go home.
where is it?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow?
Anyone found a good 'free' community to replace Ning?
Ning terms change 8/20.
I would really appreciate suggestions!
Thanks in advance.
Vying for my attention...end of term grading vs NCAA bball.
Slllllloooowwwww grading.
What happens at home needs to STAY at home....
Enjoy!
Tell us all about it!
RT Looking forward to tonight....I see meat in my future...
Thankfully no.
Just a general observation on their trickyness
That one person you see EVERYWHERE, but you dont know their name.
Tomorrow starts a new season
This is celebration, this is levitation.
Happy Mothers Day
you might be right..
I'm playing the odds.
Let's see what half time looks like ..
A few more naps  then it's back to libraries, archives, etc.
so...technically, i could unfollow, refollow and usurp your 500 status...
LOL
Broncos HillmanRicky Williams and Walter Payton reason why he's wearing
I will try Bellarmine doesn't have mailing lists n I don't have a personal mailing list either Will try my best
MyPastRelationships obviously didn't work out considering im
it was at a restaurant a really dark colored beer, I remember it was pretty pricey..I don't think it was Sam Adams
