ok that shitz raw
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am.
This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks.
Info 3443933
saw Fenty in Smartcar on 15th St last night with cell headpiece...
isn't that illegal?
another timeless hit from the artist behind the unforgettable Bitch set me up
You guys have the personel for a 43 defense kelsay could go back to end and darreus n kyle Williams great tandem inside.
RT : who do I get in touch with at Rackspace about compensation for reduced productivity?
:
Kids of my time have mastered peeing and texting
I can't find for the right song to how I'm feeling now
The search for truth is more precious than its possession.
Albert Einstein
Thank you everyone for the great presentations and turnout!
Look forward to next DC Animation Group!
never mind lol what are you doing?
live show?
R u kidding me...
Thats awesome paris voice ; hahah
Finally made it to bookshop and lending library in Boyle Heights.
It's great!
just like everybody says.
Second flight today cancelled  in a row.
Im kinda freaked out right now.
shitty end to an otherwise decent night, all over some major BS.
how strange it is to think that it has been almost a whole year since youve traced the lines of my face
it's 1st grade..
Who cares lol
I can send you the questions if you want?
I know man...I'm pretty stoked..
Making your friends feel better when they're sad or stressed.
I dont need anymore empty promises and lies....
I get enough of that from our government.
He's already guilty.
You're showing ur biased skirt.
Police said don't approach.
What part of that do u not get.
Step 2?
What's Step 2 in this process?
So.
I'm leaving THURSDAYY
The OCLC Control Number is anticipated to reach one billion sometime after July 1, 2013.
from message of the day.
Catalogers r busy!
Sitting next to a dyke 
no, much different, thicker yolk and better flavor.
Free range.
Flying up to NH.
Dad received new kidney this morning thanks to unknown organ donor  great team at Lahey Clinic.
Thanks 4 prayers  support
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn39;t Exist
Everyone in LA is at Trader Joe's right now.
hey look themainetour is trending worldwide!
:
like which ones?!
im trying to find some that I'm interested in but I already missed the AAR and ARTTM, and SIO one!
:/
meet your future wife .
get onn that harry!
Afternoon Audition :
really?
Mines just started lucky me c; haha Really?
Are you in school or something?
Thats great :
Very cool.
LOL  this made my day.
i know!!!
he is having an after party but it's 21 lol
You'd never know it's a holiday F150 production in full swing at Dearborn Truck Plant today.
Monday they will rest.
Jeez ur fast.
At least Front office is thinking outside the box to bring in talent.
good morning!!
Go24!!
And folks just SWEAR they can't pronounce Mahalia!
glad I could help you out at blogathonatx.
Look forward to seeing you at next WordPress Austin meetup!
Your the one for me..
Come on !!
Always believe in BC!!
yes , none stop !
Man looks good and so does CarrotTop
happy birthday bro have a blessed day fam
Going to the bank to talk with them about anything is always a pain.
Or Chris Spencer for that matter...
3 minutes already went went?
wow.
that was quick
Trouble neglects you angels protect u
too scared to look in his fuckin yearbook...
Have a good breakfast!
Have a great day doctorw!
Beware of roving DUI patrols and DUI checkpoints tonight.
Check with for uptotheminute info on checkpoints in your area
take my belt off haha im pootie tang lls.
Wow, just yesterday I had low 200 followers and now I have over 500.
Yayy!!
Thanks guys!!
:
o ok
i like what i see
It was climax ..
RT : Develop the community, encourage interaction, refine discussion topics in the future via
Good Morning, Lube Nation!
We have a question  which bite of the wing is the best  the first one or the last?
happy first day!
:
No dead frogs for you?!?
Bahaha
Boyfriend sounds like sex omfg
Did my mom really just say Jesus is making it rain?
I'm so funny!!!
you need a Fanny pack I swear!
.
dont let cut child care  afterschool for 47K kids!
thank you so much!
God bless you.
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone.
I left and didn't buy it.thislady asked how my service was and if I found what I wanted I said no and it sucked.
do u like it?
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami.
about 12 minutes!:
RT : Improving Markets Index Expands to 30 Metros in November: The number of improving housing markets con......
Pulled him pretty early.
Guess he held up ok...
vs11beta Design is improved, but it's still hard to distinguish the icons in the solution explorer.
Folders  Files need more separation.
JustinBieberIsHandsome is trending.
He is actually very cute, but handsome...
Hm not sure
but I'm a canon guy.
Not sure about other brands
wish I could go!!
Break a leg!!
isn't it crazy how your horoscope can be so true?
RIP Whitney Houston!
A music legend that will be greatly missed!
Too busy to tweet.
Thats when you know life is too busy.
:
I know l'm a day late, and commenting on Mad Men is like being all, The Wire!, but...
Rory Gilmore!!!
they give that person a new experience by peddling nonsense.
The person actually thinks they're talking to that dead person.
Never cry for the person who hurts you.
Just smile and say Thanks for giving me the chance to find someone better than you
How do I get at you about a collabo
Most attractive film aliens  Yeah, remind me to never log on Yahoo News again.
This turned into a crap day really fast.
always classy never trashy I rude the line
To anyone who receives a direct message from me it is spam I am sorry!
Do not open it!
ugh mondays are forever awful.
You are the only one that gets me,knows me,feels me,hurts me.
POTUS supporting gay marriage is a historic shift in the movement for marriageequality and he's on the right side of history.
Thank you and best of luck to you!
What happened?!
Fast forward to summer?
can yall make some diffrent beats again.
Music sucks right now.
Trying to watch football and UFC at once!
What a great night
It is snowing at Penn State  its 40 here...and you wonder why im going south
Out came the sun and doctored up all the rain, So the crazy, obsessed runner went out to run again.
that may be indicative of an underlying medical condition.
.keloidsurvey.com
dot dot dot that's all i'm saying hahah jk that made my night in some strange way.
AGREED!
RT : you need stiletto cam on site
Only Piers Morgan and Samir Nasri could take a selfless gesture like giving money to charity and turn it sour.
Just be men about it.
It's 3:02, i have school tomorrow, and i cant sleep.
And so we go to OT!!!
Hope you all have a great Friday!!!
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was  SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too.
Do you have a facebook?
I wish Ray Lewis had a spiked jersey like Beetlejuice.
Forgive sounds good.
Forget, I'm not sure I could.
They say time heals everything, but I'm still waiting.
Missing the love of my life...cant wait to see him :
Worked to hard to fail so hopefully I passed
I am being bombarded with player bots!
We're going CommercialFree in 5 min  Plus, has 3Day passes to !
My set has been moved up to start at 9:30....
not 10:00
You did great tonight.
You were amazing.
I wished u got slimed though.
ah maybe later;
union got away with own there in the box.
Definitely contact there.
Oh well.
Go Philly!
NEVER add your mom.
An experience most people have and never forget...their first shot of everclear...the real everclear
im sorry thats right you have double the dose of raging hormones!
Lol
hello back at you.
I'm looking forward to your tweets :
Munch THE Brunch ?
haha
Yus, very.
:D
Does the agreement with Dish include them showing TVW in their local channels?
I hope so.
I like that quote.
PS, I know I'm late but the new site it nice!
My sure your Following !
I was about to be like, how do you not starve with what you said???
Lol.
I would love to rent an RV and hire a doctorver to take my friends and me around the country.
If Whitlock eats all the truck sandwiches before I get there, sandwiches should be banned for causing gluttony
So many updates to MISSING cast 
Les and Mark are talking to Race Central's Kurt Hansen on The Score right now!
Tune in for that and Free Beer Friday at 9:30, 1510 AM!
I don't have a voice.
Maybe I won't have to stay for rehearsals..
I can't say a word, lol.
I shall paint my nails!
I feel like after a hangover.
Going to be so sad if cat doesn't get over the ceiling fan soon.
Our place is tiny she can't spend her whole life in the living room!
Help?
seriously, so happy that nbc renewed community.
bated breath to hear about parks and rec's fate.
Natalie you're making me blush over here haha.
Thanks so much :
Do any of you know WhatIsIACP?
16 days away from our 5 year anniversary ;
I'm not a big fan of the Vistaprint ad: 250 free business cards!
Thanks, but no thanks.
I have been infanticizing about you all day.
hope u read this but just wanted to let u know that I LOVE YOU and that YOUR AMAZING NEVER FORGET THAT!!!
XOXOXO 3
it's okay.
Would you be aloud Saturday into Sunday ?
You activated before you posted the picture of your code, right?
:
holy shit you're awesome at doctorw Thing!
Stuck in Denver?
Snowboarding perhaps.
Went and looked at apartments with my dad today!
could this indicate that the trucker hat and/or leopard print movements are almost dead?
we can only hope.
Say what you want, Do what you please, but you will never be better then me.
Shoe salesmen sell soles.
EROCK
Hey, where you been, stranger???
RT : I've talked to enough people to make a safe assumption....Mike Shanahan will soon be named the head coach of the Redskins.
My Friend is hacking my account!!!BITCH xD
wasn't that almost identical to the Marchand goal in Game 7 against Vancouver
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
wish my daughter would call me back!!
Texted and called be nothing.
I mean when you are that age too.
You look great now.
Water for elephants is the sweetest movie ever :
Now Playing : Take One Last Breath by Abandon All Ships :
I love having connections
I still need to see last week's TVD episode, but fingers crossed I will this weekend!
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The Oscars might be over but the parties are just beginning.
Entering the Kodak Theatre in Tminus 6 hrs!
Just returned from Chicago after completing the YMCA's CEO Institute program.
Met a group of other amazing YMCA CEOs and facilitators/prese
RT : Lots of people are emailing us about our Beginner's Workshop Class and where it will be hosted: online j.mp/peDpTs
Don't want to be a jerk but, when a posting says no remote applications  only local applicants.
It means if you're not local don't apply.
I wouldn't want to work there?
I mean, everyone makes mistakes, but it bugs me when people don't proofread public documents.
Mac n Wiz in the Burgh at the same concert
RIP Whitney Houston!
So sad!
Goodluck to all running this weekend!
check out HCEF's ad in the online goody bag for a fall 5K 
Thanks for following back!
We're into darts in a big way.
OK  yet MUST cover more local biz RT What do you think of decision to charge for online edition?
that chick Cortney that I am going out with Thursday watches smash...I see if she has any tips on
I use Existential Crisis as a figure of speech in my personal rhetoric, but I don't quite understand existentialism.
hypocrite?
launched an xmas sweepstakes.
could win 1 of 5 100 Amex giftcards for signing up with foodgizmo.
www.foodgizmo.com.
pay some xmas bills!
Training on her first day on the job.
you down?
Like James brown?
Two times!
type t y p e TYPE.
deletedeletedelete
Darling tells supporters that she is waiting for a call from her opponent.
She later told news reporters that she has not declared victory.
Back to Green at lap 180 with 1 and 2 at
I think that God makes us think that we like people that 'we can't have' to help us raise our standards so we meet the right one 3
My dog is my valentine.
shit HPU girls say
Going to Rudy's.
Meet us there.
: Practice today was the best all week for me!
just don't like doing the mowing.
:
This Savage character certainly seems qualified to talk about bullying...or was it antibullying?
The life we live is from stories we create, is your story thriving in positive and empowering moments?
Okay, I need a producer.
RE belt and etc.....
so now that it is almost bigger than high5's is it time for something new for 2011 season?
bruh, you need your own political radio show.
Lol I bet it would be off da chain!
i say panelistsshould be humanized i mentioned the guys' kidsbut don't think I should be qualified as the smartest lady!
I voted too many times and now my hands hurt.
Can I get a followback now?
:
Ha!
via : Bumper sticker on a pickup truck: doctorver does not carry cash.
He's married.
What do you guys think about the new professorle image?
Its from a photoshoot last month with :
OK, Aesop Rock.
I never listened to any of his albums
We've tried wikis, a blog, but are now using a sharepoint site for shared docs, small databases, and forums.
Lakers my team
Hope to see you!
Happy PreFriday!
RT : in that case I'll try my best!
Looking forward to founder tsw2012 preso turning your camera on your phone into a gaming device
thanks I'm 40 but i RTed
Meeting new people is always nice, even better when you share common interests
next time...
Both of us will get in : 
Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the newtechnetwork through i3 grant
Just a single line of Javascript code.
One of your users, , asked us if he could put our code up on his Jux blog.
Old ladies are so cute ..my god.
great day of writing and getting work done...
Met a new artist and were doing some songs with him in a couple months...
gotta love it :
Great bands rehearse constantly.
Great teams practice daily.
I think haberdashery is making a comeback.
I see lots of hipsters wearing Trilbies and Fedoras these days...
AskMindless COMMENT...
thank u guys so much for loving your fans
Your faith that brought you to where you are, will not take you to where God wants you to be.
Each step req a daily renewal of faith.
Fandor Launches Keyframe as the Digital Magazine of Independent and International Film
Don't think I'll be at school tomorrow...Peyton's got her echo at Riley Hospital...
Happy Birthday !
US SC delivers opinion in Schwab v.
Reilly case involving interpretation of provisions within s 522 of the US Bankruptcy Code.
Renoites: I have a friend who needs a pair of life size angel wings for a short video shoot Sunday afternoon.
Anyone have a pair to loan?
Looking back at your exes and thinking what the hell was I on?
Yeah.
Go try and get some rest.
I'm sure it will help.
WHAT UP KIDD...BE IN ATL TOM...
Its like ahh then I have to do my Freshmen reading projects :/
Ppl sleeping on me Haha
When you buy a poor product or service, you just return or exchange it, or get it fixed.
A bad haircut is an unfortunate exception.
Ya boy back in action,mixtape coming soon produced by Trouble Maker Ent....stay tuned
Paycheck in the bank, that means ordering my gear :D
And Seth Sinovic gets the start for Sporting KC as they battle Vancouver tonight!!!
One is in the works, : Thank you for asking.
We will hopefully be announcing it soon!
You are never a loser until you quit trying.
Mike Ditka
Thanks so much!
:
Families of the victims of sexual exploitation visited House of Hope today  we were able to be a fly on the wall as Oscar addoctorssed the ...
I bet
DON'T PISS UP MY ASS AND TELL ME IT'S RAINING OUT THERE CHARLIE!
Ah yeah Metta World Peace is certified Crazy!
Wealthy mindsets think experience.
Cost is never an issue where experience is valued.
I think Papa Murphy's really believes cooking a pizza at home in my own oven is an innovation.
Cute.
Grind today at work.
So much to do
What a great weekend!
It finally feels good to be a dc sports fan.
thanks caps and nats : D
haha def not I expect the same!
Jajaja im so stupid if you gays what to know y tweet me because its so boring
Property Values: Real Estate for 350,000 A contemporary in Charlotte, a ranch house in Phoenix and an 1890 house in New Hampshire.
people who are top of mind will consistently win
true.
Enjoy this historic season he is putting on and you'll be able to say ya I watched him every night
Have a good foggy morning South Miami...
aint that it!
Sun alas...
Kirkland waterfront looks beautiful right now.
that's cool , i'm a freshmen x lol 9th grader !
Hi Hooligan!
U still making beautiful art for us I love U!
Geronimo looks so chibi.
Yahoo Sports reporting Blazers have fired Head Coach Nate McMillan.
Nothing official from team as of now
Check out teamvic.com for your nutirtional supplement needs and personal training advice.
When people are going out and they completely ignore each other.
Whats the point?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
I Got Nothing But Love For You Baby .
IwantSomebody who will be there for me when I need him.
: Alright, question for all my new Kentucky followers: What team are you most scared of UNC, Ohio St, Syracuse, and U Conn.
cause I don't live there.
The Bexar County Casual's watch party is at Alamo Heightsn
Beautiful!
Contests on your union.
bring it
Instead of basic training, we could just do test prep.
It's called 'doctorll n kill,' right?
Rejected Army ideas.
Anyone remember Chief Wahoo McDaniel?
What a racist character that was...
Our interview tally for lastofthebreed is now over 50 amazing musicians, historians, and award winning artists.
Going to be a great film.
Hitched 2 trailers on 1st attempt.
I may the best church plant trailer puller ever.
For the first time since George Huguely was convicted for killing Yeardley Love her mom speaks in DC about domestic violence.
Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
oh yeah, follow all the Laurs
word.
See what I mean?
Her face is jacked.
The crashers should totally come to my house.
Really enjoying Buzz's Garage on tonight!
see the truth is want me as her dude again but keep tryna pkay me talkin bout I got hoes when really she got all tha hoes
Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with pieces of cardboard.
Pillow fight?
Big love to our guests tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Thanks for listening!
One examample of absurdity of UN: Libya sits on the Human Rights Council!!
Welcome new followers: , , ,
: Geesh my fingers must be iPhone fat tonight!
Ha, At least you have an iPhone, I'm stuck in Berrynation!
:
What do you mean?
Could you clarify?
At tim and scott's show with todd!
Family member mocks me for wtching sytycd clips all the time
Owwie I'm gonna wear that shit every damn day lmao
Food  homework OBVIOUSLY.
which ones?
Hi Dallas, thanks for following me.
Couldn't watch the webinair last Wed., but plan to watch the tape.
Have a good evening.
you're at warped tour this year?!?!
:D
very very sweet.
Thank you for being there!

The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up.
forwarded that site to me n my bestie.
We are SO making that.
Too many strangers on this bus to sleep...
guess ill
If someone wants to take the videotapes of  edit them down to five minute segments and post them to Vimeo, doctorp a line
Communication is the key to better health too!
Shout out to UVA doctoral student Malinda studying better communication methods!
Escape and breathe a little...
:
I don't think I have ever been so relaxed before.
let us know if you have any questions /cc
Heading out to yogaonarooftop Thanks !
will I see you there or are you prepping other events?
Note to self:FIBER ONE BARS ARE NOT CANDY
We learned our fourth grandchild will be a girl; due in 3 months.
Name: Evelyn Marie RT Share something great about your day!
Brendon was great.
I actually liked him much more in person!
Sometimes on video he seems schmarmy to me but live he was so genuine.
Ack!
Glad you're ok.
I had a shot of whiskey for you.
Longdistance medicine!
Txtn and walking ticket?!?!?
SERIO!?
That's a fucken joke right?!
LeslieNielsen RIP, funny man.
And stop calling me Shirley.
Happy Birthday !
VINEYARD NITE JAN 13!!
MY 3RD TIME!
Would lv to have you visit us!
I been to the program when Ivana did her fashion show in the confection room at Macy's.
So cool!
DUI CheckPoints  Long Beach  South patrol division, 6pm2am
love how they are all the same.
Everything's fair game.
Awesome training at Werdums!!
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X4
Oh, man, I've really let some LinkedIn invitations go to seed here.
Missed this!
Benjamin Lukoff, University of Washington, 1996
Its only Tuesday...
Looking forward to doctornking a pimm's cup at a super bowl party since I won't be watching
crazy!!
Do h have a headache?
ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people give out my number without asking.
Omg really?..
Sounds like a great event!
I'd like to donate a couple Lipstick Laws copies.
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ See the LEATHERHEADS 'RAY and DAN' RETWEET PLEASE!
RT RT RT RT
Have a fun and relaxing spring break graduate students!
Thank you for all the updates for !!!
Uh...
windshield wipers in use?
excuse me?
It can't be raining!
Owl City Friday  the House of Blues in Boston!!!
I can't wait!!!
:D
I Am What I Am JonasFromTheStart x
let me go to sleep DAMN !
Lol
Watching Tarzan with my baby cousins  : 3
Cuz that's what real niggas do !
Thank goodness girlswithnoass won't end up w/ big, sloppy, jiggly, celluliteriddled ass when older.
:
sorry I missed you this morning.
Hope to see you again soon!
don't even have to take the test.
i'm totally Granny Weatherwax.
:P
Lol, but I won't keep you up too late twitterboo...just hit me up tomorrow :
Omg what a night
Remember to checkin at your next visit and you will receive a free sample of Unite's Boosta or Lazer Straight!!
thanks for the check in!
Hope you're having fun!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize you're tweeting from online AND on your phone.
: R.I.P.
to my ninja Steve he used to dunk on Ninjas hell yeah!!
R.I.P.
Steve
Everytime WMYB or One Thing comes on the radio i think about haha
CAN'T KEEP SCORING ONLY A COUPLE RUNS A GAME AND EXPECT TO WIN......REDS LOSE BOTTEM OF 9TH.
ON WILD PITCH.
Our goal is always to give you  our audience  the experience of watching real life unfold  and sometimes unravel  right before your eyes
good.
After this class, I need it.
I vote next week
you'll do fine!
Sleep the first half of the day and don't study.
Skim!
Happy hour til 7pm.
Live music with the Zimis 9pm.
Good food, doctornks and company
im almost positive that yu dnt i can bet my last newport thAt yu dnt.
Lol.
Humor me....where yu stay?
Lol
Crappy crappy day.
i agree it is impossible but i would never hurt anyone if they dont hurt me first
Coral is the it color at tonight's banquet!
I didn't love Race to Witch Mountain but for a kids movie the special effects were Action Movie worthy!
I just emailed you guys.
Hit me back if you like our sound.
Agreed.
I used to be funny and a badass, but now that I'm not anonymous I suck
My cousin was telling me that we should go, and I told her I can't cause I have chorus practice and Bard's open house.
:
She'll never admit it but she is.
Dangit!
truee, but some ugly nerdy parents that have big ol' noses have the cutest babies ever.
Lol
hahahaha wow...you and Zach literally came up with an elaborate plan just for that hahah
I want to go home spending the night in the hotel cuz roads were glare ice and couldn't get on 100.
Cool
Right on the border of Chicago.
The town is called Park Ridge...it's really nice.
Damn you Justin Bieber movie!
Damn you for being so enjoyable.
Those two shows combined net out to being about equal to
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend!
whoa I don't take notes for myself lol
the true secret to happiness is to grow super chronic sticky Nugs!
What?
Surprise The Sliders show tonight.
3085 Shore doctorve, Merrick.
8pm sharp.
Craziness of the NBA this season: Blazers scored 7 points in 1st quarter last night vs Lakers.
Tonight they score 41 in 1st vs Spurs.
Hello love!
Just discovered you on here.
Love your tag line!!
So happy to see you doin your thing!!
3
welcome back
Wonder when they were hired?
Before Obama became President?
I have enough hairspray in my hair to cause global warming.
Gertken: Swift uses metaphor of balance to talk balance of power
You knew that I was gon be somethin you stressed out if you need somethin I gotcha.
Yea look what youve done.
Did you know that over 300 merchants accept RepeatReceipt in the Boston area?!?
Take a picture of your receipt today during lunch!
Great to participate in yesterdays MetroWest Homelessness Forum in Wellesley, thanks to everyone who stopped by HHCs table!
You know you're a photographer when you focus more on the lighting, contrast, bokeh, and focus rather on the movie itself.
lol, Mississippi is very boring.
Crime reporter Bolan nominated for award
My youngest child will be 5yrs old in two weeks.
Where does the time go.
All I've had to eat today is 6 saltine crackers and 1/4 can of Sprite.
So ready to be over whatever I have and eat food again.
What are you doing tonight?
Have you signed our petition yet?
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick  suck ur pussy, give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
u never heard my music
of course i pasted in front of ft lauderdale airport when i was in miami :
that makes sense then.
Now I know why at least.
Cool.
Hey!
How's it going?
Feel weird watching football right now
performs to the lights and sounds of St.
Patrick's Day at 11am on Lightscape.
Come to State/Madison or State/Monroe to watch.
Now would be a great time to riot.
Let's mobilize!
Hehe
: WIN a TORGOEN Swiss T30 watch of your choice!
For a chance of winning SIMPLY follow us  RT!
Closes 05/31/12!
The Packers!
Thx, Jessica!
You know I love a platform to mouth off about 'born this way' b.s.
We watch you guys every evening.
The barbers  all of our customers love you guys so much!
Big ups to 106  Park!
the animated fonts are awesome
RT : There are now 20,843 Jeremy Lin items on eBay, the most listings of any active NBA player
At the end of the day  you can't take everyone on your journey with you, some people you are going to have to just leave behind!
Great find!
:
Watching a movie to end the night with my Mom3
You Are What You Do Today  Many people say they have good habits.
Yet, their daily actions do not reflect it.
hey Roberta, how's the house hunting going?
everything will even itself out u will be below .500 just like the Twins...
my mother and i wanna wish you a happy mothers day!
give isaiah a kiss for us
Sunday night from 10 to 11pm pizza and sundaes menu!
RT this if you are ready for the Brewers Opening Day this Friday!!
A THOUSAND YESSES!
Message me I would love to find out more specifics.
Thanks!
Wine Bar in River?
That was no joke!!!
You are beautiful!
:
Join a new company, be one of the first to try some fantastic products!
Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Dogs need love!
Have you hugged your dog today?
What are we celebrating?
: In honor of 9AM coffee Friday Con Pane in Liberty Station
We think we've seen each other in passing at a show.
Possibly.
But I hadn't met David either and you encouraged that one.
pls translate your tweet to me in English
how did Hughes/Winn look today?
is jamming to justin bieber right now
RT : 350:When the Spanish arrived, at least 250,000 Native Americans lived in Florida.

Soo granny say it suppose to storm later.
.
.BestSexTimeEver Omg!
I'm so easily influenced.
Watching uppers interview w author of Bringing Up Bebe...just ordered the book on AbeBooks.
FF follow these amazing boys called They are so amazing :!!
333
what happened bro?
full room at general session  glad to see so many colleagues here!
we are living a tvless existence this week...I hope it's online soon
Congrats on your new EP, , sounding great so far!
Daily Dharma: Love and Nourish Your Body, Mind  Spirit Though we often think of massages as a special treat and indulgence it is in fact
Ah I can't wait till the shop is ready to open an I won't have to stress anymore.
Can someone recommend a small, casual but chic restaurant on the upper east side?
American or Italian cuisine.
Thanks!
Sorry all.
This was not meant for distribution.
I used the wrong Send Box  and, yes, what am idiot move that was.
I apologize.
I can't take it!!!
I hear you there.
But I'm skipping out on the Italian football today and taking a nap.
Granted it's AC Milan  darn.
I take that back, 7 babies.
Rock on.
I don't think he knows yet
nothin at all..
The way i doctorss doesn't mix well with em
Fuck this !
i cant finish this presentation !
well put
So I Guess I'm Goin To East Tonight
A woman should always be about her word.
even if a man fails to do so...
my mom had said she was done because they was being disrespectful to the lords prayer
oops!
training today
boiiiii!
You better text me or tweet me when you're in austin!!
We are so gonna chill and make music.
Local is preferred, but it might be flexible.
yes the sleep process and its issues are fascinating and scary at same time  think relates!!!
No worries Tam, I appreciate your helping me get heard and I'm glad you like it.
I'm more interested in getting my music heard...
I love coming to English class and finding out that we won't have class again until Friday :
who wants to go eat sushi w/me: ?
these miami squirrels are too brave....they will come and sit directly next to you!
i did i did woop noww i look like a retard
When people have 12 followers: they always say hi.
When people have 2000 followers:bitch your not important I'm to busy being twitter famous
I need me a hairless body, the ghetto ass that I already have and 's titties.
And then I will be happy.
Building the bookmobile of the 21st century.
Today's topic in Library Test Kitchen.
Don't worry, our mobile app will be available for the iPhone soon!
darling please reply 3
u tell me?
Lol
New headphones!
No more dick ears.
Browne's current work on Gorillas.
Known only by small bits until 1858.
Wolf 1858 was the public image and substitute specimen.
Hummingbirds in Cincinnati this past weekend too  RT : Hummingbirds have returned to the CO Rockies!
RT : Excited to be among some prestigious names as a speaker w/
Similar for DC,
But I'm thrilled to pieces to finally get to meet you!!
did you know, I'm in a for real socialmedia job now?
Yay!
Handing out postcards with twitter handle and  to people waiting in a line generates a TON of content b/c ppl have nothng to do!
:D Amazing how happy music makes you happy!
A simple concept we forget.
Thanks  It is nice to meet you too!
First item, Abolish Fox News.
Not getting vote for pulse of people award from me or
Having a blast shooting Porcupine Hugs In Pennsylvania!
Have a look at the Actor's Intensive facebook page!
it was so pretty!
I couldnt stop looking at it!
Lol I have no idea what's wrong with me :
Wishing you and your family a Happy, Healthy  Prosperous New Year!
Your so cute; Ahaha.
prerequisites for being a stage  Absolutely anything Betsy is standing on....
All the world's a stage according to Shakespeare
So it's 9 oneway on Hiawatha Service Line from Union Station to N Suburban Glenview.
For what I do, I could see me never getting another chance
Thin line between love and hate
really considering late night shooting
Christmas was blessed!
yep...boston is done.
Back in the equipment room, thinking about how my volunteer movie making has made me a poor tech force employee.
Good thing that's over.
And then you remember Fat or Pregnant?
on the 52.
Happy Spring!
repping USF tomorrow at Disney, and USF women's soccer hosts an exhibition tourney Saturday.
Great weekend to be a BULL!
That's right apotheosis CDs available soon
We're all about raising our kids without losing ourselves, with wine as a totally acceptable coping strategy.
Is it okay if I lay in bed until noon if I worked 80 hours this week?
got a headache but ready for next week !!!
1 Who are you?
2 Where are you going?
3 What will you do when you get there?
almost reached 2 million x
What is with today?
Yesterday was so low key and today its like 20 emails at once...
I followed.
Can we all agree that bjork isn't creative, she's just crazy?
Scared bout skool today, my moms making me go.
So far, we've developed a marketing plan  timeline.
Since sumer is slow season it's perfect for a brown bag lunch.
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates.
Automatically burns toast.
Tweet it?
Would love to see :
I'm fasting from ESPN for the rest of the week.
Seriously.
How far is it from my apartment to the Olympic Day Spa?
1.1 miles.
We are rehearsing like mad people!
Flu Season feels so close!
Buy your tickets now!
Sleep Walking Diaries video shot this weekend.
Dangerous Roses in progress.
New music is on its way!
Empty af..
This shit is crucial.
Seasons greetings to you as well.
Hope you are having a good one with the fam.
What you talkking about.?
yes, yes we do.
This is major news.
wrong tag again hun.
just want to make sure your Sam gets her love.
Why is it that Roger does not have to prove his case to make decisions that may effect someone's wealth.
Commission votes to move forward doctorft Congressional maps for next round of public comment
I've never been this popular.
Thanks, and replied.
Let's try to chat tomorrow or later this week.
I can probably help.
hey ask Mark bout his CD
Don't want to cook to because it's too hot outside??
Call us and we'll gladly do all the cooking!
Eatin or takeout it's that easy!
How goes it?
We've gone plantbased vegan so my smoothies are soy protein  almond milk.
No Tiger jokes  the Oscars?
Read why herewww.USSportspages.com
Few things in life are as rewarding as working with a team of seriously amazing people who know their stuff.
ALL barriers cease to exist.
Or how I normally dance.
RT : It's National Dance Like a Chicken Day!
absolutely!
Its Friday!!!
what for?
follow back??
Slept well, had good workout.
Ready for a nice  easy lead news day.
Now that I've said that, I'm sure chaos will ensue Happy MONDAY PEOPLE.
Meighan, Pratt  Furlow are on stage tonight at 6:30pm.
If you can't make it tonight, don't worry...they will be playing tomorrow night too
It also shows the mental of those running such theatres, their mentality and lack of consciousness
Time for Australia to change time zones.
I suggest PST MT : Djokovic wins history's longest Grand Slam final t.co/QCWPNgr8

Welcome!
Thks for the follow!
Can't wait for the Olympics!
Let's work together in the future!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
If You See A RedCupNation poster tweet it  Newbury St., Back Bay Station, Ruggles Station  Dudley Station  Many More
Aww.
A soc entrepreneurship professor whose class I spoke to in January, said I was mentioned in many student midterms They really liked you.
prove it!!!
is packing for
: A woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing.......a man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.....zeetism
KnowYOURself before speaking
yes, the Culinary Tourism class will be mostly on line and it will meet once face to face with Lucy Long.
You make my doctorams come true : halloats
How you gonna live your life like the doctoram you had was real?
Looking for something special to do with your Family for Easter?
Make reservations for Easter Brunch at one of our McMenamins Properties.
that is correct!
In fact everything in the joint minus the doctorfting table and is kd
I did remember but he said he doesn't date people at the same school:/
You a pop tart ngga you soft in the middle
Thank you for spreading the word about 1stHope gig April 30th at 8:00.
Will we see you there?
yndoctordemFilm Beyond Redemption Picture of the day is up on Facebook.
It's very cute!
RT : RT : Molly Ruppert will receive the 's 2012 Alice Denney Award for service to D.C.
arts....
baha listening to Bieber's music, wbu?
Gm sexy x
It's the old gay folks are just like you straights line, which is maybe politically useful sometimes but is also pretty depressing.
amen!!
I couldn't agree more.
It doesn't get any better that this !
It's P A S T R A M I Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
20ThingsAboutMe 19.
I was born in america but now I live in Ireland :D
chirp chirp!!
I hate when I'm on my phone for an hour then I look up and everything is blurry.
But in this case it's RIGHT THERE and you can't do anything about it...
if I can't find a mall then at least there's no tempation
Welcome!
: As individuals, we tend to focus on the reward, rather than enjoying the journey.
I'll take what you guys dont want LOL!!
Donations Please!
aha : 
can you help me get 3 more followers?
I need The life aquatic with steve zissou !
On VHS or DVD , anything !
Love that movie
Class outside
thank you!
I have had a 6 hour headache
Probably July
and get on facebook
hahaha see this is why you guys are awesome :
:O QA: Airsoft Machine Gun Suggestions?
assault rifle
im not saying now but maybe when they're older if they waant yaknow
dig it!
great improvement :D
It just might work.
Poker Quote : Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn.
Steve Badget
if you decide to eat healthy, doctornk juice and be fit, people will find you more
I liked the halftime show, a lot!
First task of 2012, take down Christmas decorations.
Narcolepsy Diet Program  Foods That Heal And ...
Anyameten: Narcolepsy patients should be very careful about their diet program to...
is on the circuit promoting next film!
What a great spirit  genuinely nice person.
Where do u find energy after RedTails?
So um I kinda sorta maybe fer'sure love my best friend in the entire world c:
Everybody bitchin about the game lol chill.
Kiss me in the rain...
Your shirt is looking very nice today ; Even though I can't see, every thing you wear is perfect on you!
AB
Mad respect for that!
Well done!
Do u know something about Gio that we don't?
I'm so ready for 2012!!!
RT : Scientists measure the pleasure rewards of selfdisclore, find similarities to pleasure from food, money,...
Downtown Stockholm is much colder than the castle.
Quick, where can I get two gallons of Glögg, straws, tape, and a sturdy moose hat?
My dad's making me do a fitness thing or something omg.
I think he's getting sick of rolling me to the fridge.
Let's look in on Yoko RT You will be surprised at the topoftheline inspiration that will keep coming to you from the Universe!
RT : So happy!
My gorgeous and I got engaged on the beach by candlelit dinner.
I'm the luckiest girl to be ma ...
but why now when my hunny is here???
Thanks!
I will post again...soon.
I promise!
Last night i wasn't allowed to have tres leche cake or ice cream cake cause i was doctornk and im lactose intolerant 
Headed to campus for my weekly evaluation..
Miami Dolphins take relatively inexperienced quarterback Ryan Tannehill with No.
8 overall pick
Wewantromo yes we do
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
yeah its you m...you taste real good lol
woohooo!!
LOL!
Time to get ur flygirl on!
And watch channel MJ ;
dude I swear we shoulda, after that walk almost having a heat stroke, a small sign sayn Reserved for Yamel  Jennifer only
Hi gang.
Just getting to the chat now.
What did I miss??
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
I have got to stop sleeping until 1 in the afternoon.
The new Livestream products and partner products are intriguing.
We just moved off LS at in the studio but there might be reasons to go back
doesn't get on a lot
Don't mistake activity for achievement  John Wooden
I love how every ICONiac in Colorado are trying to figure out when the ICONic Boyz are arriving n im here in Hawaii n cant meet Madison :'
MY MOM HAS FAKE BOOBS TOO.
very true
Happy St.
Patrick's Day and happy home opener!
as usual the lighting in the Vera Project feels more like shooting in a cave then a rock venue.
Great music, poor lighting.
Need to think outside of labor movement to win.
None of us in movement will probably get top pick if we hope to win.
Tonight in Madison, WI at The Frequency.
Show starts at 8pm!
are on at 9 to melt your face
Just got a text from CSN.
Dale Hunter isn't returning to coach the Caps next year?
Wish I was there id love to meet you!!
I didn't even recognize you anymore.
happy new year Emily :
I am official addicted to black tea with a mix of chai spices.
YUM
Paul Pierce has the Slowest handle in the NBA!...but get buckets!!
This class flew by..
Thanks for sharing my article.
Hope you enjoyed it.
:D
What's really sad is that GA has only earned 3 of their points.
KY gave them the other 16!!
Same ol', same ol'!!
Watching some Cardinals baseball is a good way to spend Easter :
Consumers exposed to a brand's social media are 50 more likely to click on paid search ads.
via
OK!
I'm bumming around not studying for my last final so any time works.
aw geez, you couldn't resist posting that could you :
What she meant was that women are fearful, intimidated.
We need confidence in order to sell ourselves as scientists.
Sigh.
Weekends are too short.
Watching always sunny in philadelphia and reading about chamber orchestras.
Myself in a nutshell.
watch out or you'll be professorering your cheek for kisses soon.
Tonight!
Tonight!
Come ask us your questions about solar tonight.
Clinton Firehouse 7:00.
Scott Baker will hopefully have a solid night, but with hime aside, our bats need to WAKE UP.
Did you see ep.
4 I think Im falling in love its so funny and awesome.
I know that doctormabeans is also recapping the episodes
Voted for Best Britsh Band!
Good luck guys :D
That mini heart attack when that one song on your iPod is louder than the rest.
you've got a Flat tire!....APRIL FOOLS
Bottoms up!!
Miss you guys.
wish I could make it: Reminder: DC press  pols AKA Hacks n Flacks, happy hour tonight
SummerStories Long walks at night talking about old times 
I like to listen to music like Shania Twain while doing humdoctorm household chores, like vacuuming, dusting, or cleaning my gun.
that was it sorry I pressed the wrong button haha
Hold those you love very tight tonight and always let them know how much you love them.
Damn, life is so fickle.
Avengers at IMAX will make you go cross eyed
the triple jump mark is bogus too.
But I will check to make sure.
I don't think voters get the DFL's attempt at winning the vote for the Vikings stadium.
NBA  Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni resigns
UCLA Chancellor Gene Block came from UVA, so this is not a surprise that UCLA is moving in the direction of UVA and UMICH!
do you have anything that you blackmail nick with?
like a funny picture or something.
lol
We had a cat who would never be in the same room with our baby...so we got a second, sweeter one.
is a great video, your mother must have liked much!
:
why does he have to be so cute..
where you live I'll be there in a heart beat3
of course!
:
Financial statements and your credit reports are very important...
Thx for following
H.I.L.I ENT
Are you curious what your house could be worth in 6 months if the market stays on the same path?
18007317041 ext.
2308
I've never heard anyone say anything good about godaddy or their commercials.
I wonder how they're still around.
Lincecum looking for some get right...
Damn John Woo jumped on this reboot fast...I bet Nic Cage will have his face removed and doves will fly out of the Cabin door
Waking up is so hard to do
she doesn't have insurance
Thanks for following!
I only hope I can live up to the expectations of The doctornk Diet!!!
ONE hour until our Twitter contest to give away two Colts tickets to this Sunday's game!
Go Colts!
He's backk
Way to go tonight
Pringles and wine!
Hah.
I really did just lol.
Evaluation, issues of access, interdisciplinary  informal learning, resources, museum ed as a professorssion, technology, standards
I'm very inspired singing  i know you know  haha :
dang hill u can eat ....
Lol
what if your not sissy?
OH NO!
Sorry!
Just found your website, I look forward to calling you for treatment.
Great website!
Thank you!
Have a blessed weekend!
I know.
Three items and 140 later...
Hello Regent community!
Check out resources just for you on Blackboard.
Click on the RU Resources tab and enjoy the tips and tools!
We are home of the Happiest customers in wireless....Stop on in and let us show you why!
Things That Need To Stop hot girls going gay lol
TKS, Nichole!
Had a GREAT time at the NH Creative Club last night  what a nice group.
: Now  back to it!
xo
We had such an awesome night last night with everybody from !
Looking forward to another great day today!
Wtf is the point of making an appointment?!
CRJ700: The Ford Fiesta of airplanes
it's ok I do my sensitive ass!
Our pleasure!
This week marked first time I've started to build large doctorpal 7 site  had to apply lots of patches but feels good to be free of doctorpal 6.
Tragedy Called Truth at East Side Lounge this Wed!
EP RELEASE!
BE THERE!
I'm all about Dirk and the Mavs!
If it were Ditka and Dirk vs the Heat, the Heat would've lost 4 in a row!
Haha Da Dirk!
Our long national nightmare is over.
Jessica Simpson finally gave birth
FRIDAY finally
lls im not hatin at all just wish i cudda been there to see it big daddy
Enough is enough, Tiff.
Let's get this jkenobi and jessa hinton love affair started.
Asap:
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.Winston Churchill
This looks solid.
Does he have a legit chance?
SONIC doctorVEIN TUESDAY SPECIAL BOGO SHAKES ALL DAY.
Plz mention txt when ordering.
Have a SuperSONIC Day!

We agree about Pariah.
Goal now is to get turnout before its theater run ends.
Box Office total to date: 497,579.
im supposed to be studying for the gmat right now, instead the only useful thing i accomplished this evening was a shower.
not bad tho
syncing all accounts...
me.
mister MakeaMove over here :b
and hosted an awesome party for Journey last night.
Thanks y'all and congrats
Hahahaha, ew.
Well at least you made sense though...
Photo shoot today!
Rita's with my little sister 3
If you held up 11 roses into a mirror, you'd be looking at 12 of the most beautiful things in the world
New Spring Menu!!!!!
Having trouble getting on the call today.
Anyone else?
Don't want to miss it!
Ok it's almost noon, I haven't been insulted by someone at that one news blog, so I may be off to a good window.
The awkward moment when the women working at Moe's should be required to also wear a hair net over their mustaches
Wow, now i want one
Q: Why does the timesheet system need to know my wedding date?
A: This is a demographic update oO
HA HA.
I'll see what I can do.
How far is Philly from Pittsburg?
When are you coming to Indy?
RT come to Pittsburgh already!
Great, thanks for the tip.
My sister won 1,000 today from some contest on Pinterest!
I hope she remembers how much of a great sister I am!
Right, ?
;
Why does this always happen to me though..
o.0 Lmaoooo!
real talk...
Derrick Rose more flaky than me.
I'm the
Seriously, everyday in Spanish is diaria?!
Come on, your setting yourselves up really...
well fuck u 2 then!
old lady vc from Friday!!
Lol n ok we also added a new family member!!
hey good too see your doing so well this year..
keep doing what ur doing and you will be great
I thought it was a foul...Lmao Let'sGoHeat
ohh haha.
Sorry, catchin up on my lingo here.
What you see is what you get 3
always wanted to do that route  hope you're getting some good vid over there too
Thank you for clarification
you know how we operate bro.
Finally started hanging stuff on the walls this week.
I guess that means we live here.
Trust Issues
It's the 12 punch Fri Dec 16  Columbus 72.
DJs Woody  Nelson Torres  Pete Nater  Associates LIVE.
2 rooms Salsa and Latin mix all nite
Hopefully going to Oregon For wrestling camp in the summer 3
The hottie on  Moombahtonista album appears 2b claiming her baddest bitch stripes ;
TheSecretLife is so doctormatic.
Good Shabbos y'all!
Somewhere between mister Wizard and Martha Stewart there's me, funneling vodka into a handy togo pouch of Capri Sun.
People are playing pranks on me at work today.
I guess that means I'm fitting in.
Dead bored right now.
Not feeling too well today :
Louisiana has had 198 officers reported.
The rate of misconduct is 1777.38/100k officers.
I believe LA has a high rate because..
Elizabeth I, her cousin
On my to do list.
Merry easter!
tabbi gave me a pound chocolate bunny now off to church.
congrats all the people in you, again.
you earned that whole penny for getting me to sit through it.
they are awesome !!
Next time they come here were there
Durant is so CLUTCH!!!
yeah about the alicia thing P
Omw to training in ponchatoula, La ugh but I gotta get it
Hrm a lot of secrets today in Alex's USTREAM ...
f you guys y'all don't talk to me
It's awesome right??
Their buffalo bill sandwich calls my name on a daily basis.
Anyways, glad you liked it!
Jim!!
I've missed you here!
RT : Will try tweeting again.
Personally as and professorssionally as
Twitter is the place i can tweet about my life, obsessions, and talk to famous people, and where other people understand me unlike in RL 
lol i just googled it!
its a taco in a chip bag?!?!
lol amazing hahahhaah
you know was supposed to train w/me this summer to prepare for the NBA debut.
What's up TO?
Worried about altitude?
Summer Camp will be available online tonight to book your spot!!!
Don't forget to sign up for our FLASH MOB!!!
DAVID YOST hanging with MITT ROMNEY tells something about your CHARACTER.
MITT ROMNEY may have MONEY but he doesn't have any MOTHER'S WIT.
Thank god Undertaker won!!!
I should get some sleep, but I just don't care enough

is ready for the UNC V Wisconsin game tonight.
Love me some ACC
Just finished a song called Anywhere with You Feeling inspired.
Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
A job doing what?
you don't need anything to sleep in wink face but unfortunately yes, trying to keep up with the Joneses and all that
Also I don't believe it's accurate to say he showed no improvement in 14 games, just inconsistent.
that's why being a Cubs fan is great
You're cool.
:D
I been tryna hook up with u forever!
Our paths justnot crossing for some reason.
makes his debut tonight at 10:30pmCT!
Tune in!
This is fabulous.
alright the weekend after that!
the problem is that the economy and jobs are on his hit list!
The US has started more kinetic action with less money to waste?
JUSTIN BIEBER
Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window; I'll be the one waiting there even when it's cold.
Don't hate on the HATER that just makes YOU a HATER:
I wear a size 16 in doctorss shoes and boots, and 17 in sneakers, I have a 36/37 sleeve and a 36 length pant.
It's hard to shop for clothes.
I can tell you that I would probably like it.
because i'm one of your biggest Midwest fans!
3 the new show!
Can't wait for episode 2 Sunday night!
DUH I ALREADY KNOW!
!
LOL
Yay biker rally..
I DID !
WANTAGH 435 days to go
talking about lessons learned from 's first 3 months of being live
Tom green: Ithica was built in the 1600's girl: it says 1951, tom green: that's the addoctorss wise ass.
Congrats to on 15th straight win tonight!!
SEC gobigorange SECsoftball Good Luck going for number 16 tomorrow!!
We have  currently in the house.
Thank you.
Does it really matter JPB?
Point of no return!
Let's get ready to Party In ,London, Dublin, Casablanca, Lisbon, Reykjavik
haha!
I totally understand!
: 
I like how these new campaign ads reinforce Texas' racist, xenophobic, and dishonest reputation.
Thanks David Dewhurst!
I forgot where I was
I, of course, do remember all of these technologies and therefore I am old.
Meat and veggies?
Good cause there's no gluten and dairy.
That's basically my low carb day.
Back in Texas!
In honor of Donna Summer, I will be dancing around my room belting out Hot Stuff for the rest of the day.
Feel free to join me.
Oh my gosh!
I just woke up D; and y'all are at Disney world?!
I was actually gonna go today!
Fml!
Lmfao!
Ah
awe thanks
awe you should move to Pennsylvania :
i like big butts and i cannot lie..
RT if you like em' too 3
I got a maybe!
Ah, progress.
I have found trial and error is best then
On Don't Be Tardy for the Wedding, Kim said she was a size 2 prebaby.
Becoming a Fan of DnJ on FB.
You should do the same...DnJ.
I'll send you the access so you can see the traction!
Thanks for keeping us posted!
show was postponed until November :
In a U.K.
First, High Court Judge 'Likes' Facebook for Serving Legal Claims on Missing Defendant
Just found out there's a bakeoff at Union Square this wknd, so I basically just found out I will be a WINNER this wknd.
thank you!
:
You know, I'm gona take back some of those things I've said about Brendan Morrison
Think about this...
we have the use of the same water today that was on the earth originally millions of years ago.
Thats amazing.
Military bluster by Obama to China over troops to Australia; Germany/France tense over ECB role.
Unhealthy undercurrents to financial crisis
Break out the brooms for tomorrow.
GREAT win tonight for the Cubbies!
I has!
I was thinking about how I never responded to you about that : I'm out now but as soon as I'm home I will rain compliments
but John Adams invented Tumblr.
Party dude.
5am.
I used to go to sleep around this time.
Oh well, off to work.
Want to have your financial questions answered?
Come to SMGW's SE Office tomorrow for Meet the Banker from 11am12pm!
great meeting you too!!!
I'm counting on you to provide a great laugh track at my next stand up gig ;
Not the best day, but cant wait till tomorrow 3
i am upset but ill get over it
on my site and youtube
has it passed the senate yet?
And va gov is limited to one term, so he's out regardless
our pleasure!
A visit to the Playhouse is key to the best Night Out!
Ch 411 ondemand
That's how ThisIBelieve started anew, finding the 50s book on a shelf!
RT I've been a fan since I found book at a friend's house.
So who do you guys like tonight?
Cards or Rangers?
Our own Tom Malarkey is heading to WPC13.
We look forward to joining the conversation!
You text him, he doesn't text back.
He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
Sorry if im spamming timelines haha :p
That is dope Congrats!
my doctoram 1day : RT After 6 mo's of freelancing, I've taken on a F/T job editing a feature documentary.
Hi, always looking to meet new directors!
Matthew
Have any of my friends read 's Coming Apart?
oh my god...
Nipple....
pahahah
Live Life with a purpose and passion
it's gonna be me and my roommate and probably...
More chill and somewhere near Whittier or Fullerton or something?
lucky u!
Woman nxt 2 me thought I was a terrorist.
Kept lkng  me funny.
So of course I had to play along  add 2 her nerves.
Lol
RT : RT TroyDavis' final words to MacPhail family: I did not personally kill your son, father, and brother, findhim
I can honestly say I'm a Major Dork!!
And I'm proud!
dude look up the song stuck in the middle by four year strong.
its so good
lol I need to get some new threads this weekend..
Might stop in there
: Here's to the girls who are starting to love him more and more each day
We need to Boycott ClearChannel too!
They should have FIRED STOPrush long ago!
Clear Channel is responsible for him still on the Air!
Such a bad day yesterday.
Why me?
I already feel the pressure today
If u tweet S.A.N.D to a girl I bet she wont know what it means
I got tambourine and maybe the triangle....oh and cymbals..
WHAT'S UP !!!!!!
MISS YOU !!!!
did my senior project on the illuminati hahahaha
going HAM on a work night
I want free Moo cards!!!
New Find at Superior Cake Products  Black and White Cookies.
Delish!
Parve
That trailer is hot.
Thanks for sharing.
I really like the website too.
Who did it for you?
Nice work!
brought it.
Wow!
''And i will tbag tebow if he even thinks of GB''
Different lifestyles, different places at different times, different people with different doctorams...
Sky Mall doctoram Life
The Departed wins for me.
Shutter Island is up there too though.
You?
we need link 4 sum records IA.Def Jam Distribution locked in last year but stepped away 4 the Deen.
Does anybody get DMs saying this person said nasty stuff about you and I found a picture of you that I'm laughing at?
All jewelry 20 off.
Get your favorite pieces today!
J Cole gotta somewhat unibrow ...
nothing compared to Anthony Davis though ; lol
InstantTurnOn Sense of humor
What are some of your goals for the NewYear?
MBA thnks for all the things you've done for me ily!
I miss the planning tremendously!
How's it going this year?
We'd love to see any photos you may have taken at our tournaments or events!
Please share!
Job Link Now  Dept of Transportation  The Dept of Transportation is hiring, and Jadine Urasaki, Deputy Director, Depart
Old fashioneds, onion rings, prime rib and spilled vodka.
Thanks for joining in on secret shopping Sorry bout your pants :
teamipad stand up
i ate monkfish liver last night at a japanese joint in town.
it was better than i expected, but not something i will get again
You can follow me at my personal account for all giant baby updates.
ugh!
so he said no right!?
Dark Shadows is AWESOME!!!
But of course!
Follow me back do it ,do it,you kno yah want to.lml
I saw a fat lady with a M.O.B.
tattoo on her arm.
I asked money over bitches?
She said No, McDonalds over Burger King.
I'm not completely sure anymore either...
glad I no longer have to sit on that news!
I predict great student projects in the community.
Wish we were in PDX 4 my years.
Martial law imposed in Poland 30 yrs ago today, in attempt to crush Solidarity movement; 9 yrs later, Lech Walesa elected Poland's prez
I feel safer here than in Hollywood
fistbump and enormous congratulations!
You did it!
he's a freaky, sexy, dirty man.
my boss re: Johnny Depp
And by new song I mean a legitimately new composition of mine which the band has never performed before!
No worries it was a great party this past Friday.
Maybe come by and check it out this Friday with greg
I'm doctoraming of a world where chasing money is no longer a primary objective!
JK keep being yourself.
How do I use this thing?
Can you teach me?
How do I like something?
Is this facebook?
I know May is like on warped speed!
I am just waiting for Danny Gokey!
This guy is boring.
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan  RT!
sounds great, i'd be happy to meet.
Bug me again tomorrow and we'll set up a date.
great call by Terrell.
Those who believe Braun got off on a technicality don't understand how to win an appeal.
Family is everything.
lol well that's you:p but eha ofnffmgmfj omfg his smile
the bread looks great  I still can't make a loaf that looks like that.
screw oysters!!
Crabs it is..
Lol
It's mister banana beak to you, fuzzy
Swedish fish, sounds yummy.
Jumbo Vintage Gucci Speedy....
mint condition.
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on July 29th!
The Jazz can't afford DWill to go down.
hahaha yeah it was hilarious.
Not many people know what the fuck I'm talking about but you did!
Haha got some brownie points!
:P
Twitter is the only thing my mom hasnt ruined
love it!!
Jeune d'age Skincare Valentine's Day Sale!
Use Redemption Code love for 20 off on orders over 75 until the 15th!
Please be true RT The Yankees have signed Andy Pettitte to a 1year minor league deal worth 2.5 million.
Only solution I see for Rockies is a motivational speech from w a baseball bat and bottle of whiskey
just finished up recording the vocals for no more shadows aw snap.
Had no clue that people actually laugh out loud to Fraiser.
to you that is a bad thing, to me the further from unions  the closer to reform the better
Off to the retirement reception for our Dean of Libraries  congratulations and appreciation for a long and productive career!
Pissd cant even go to sleep.
I AM SO JELLY OF YOU RIGHT NOW BUT I'M HAPPY FOR YOU I HOPE I CAN MEET AUSTIN AGAIN:
Think Like a Man was not a good movie
Come one come all to the April Fools Brawl!!
Friday, April 1st at the HiHat in Providence.
Doors 5 admission.
what does 143 mean??
I'll blame it on being hungover then.
Went to a Chinese resturant and got seated in the back with all the white people
I'm really killing it!
Im still fine
haha who told you?
I smell like rainbows and butterflies, well at least my hurr haha
nope text me
Come on, spoiler alert cap'n  assuming this actually means something significant to the movie.
I've got movie time
From : Happy birthday.
Cherish every day like it's your last...and if you ever fuck with me it will be.
Kisses!
thanks to for letting me jump on with him...always fun....and he laughs at my awful jokes.
Windom just pulled off as well, Darland is still not out.
I put on makeup to go sit in a dark room  listen to music.
Two words...MEGA MILLIONS!
I'm feeling LUCKY!
Come on!!!
:
Bit worried about budget cuts
RT : passing islands fridays whishing I had time to stop ILOVEthatplace
u can have his head XD
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
watching harry potter and the sorcerers stone.
This is my childhood.
So cool to see Matt Kuchar win The Players.
Was a superb interview and friendly presence at recent
Last two days of high school 
How To Integrate ClamAV Into PureFTPd For Virus Scanning On Debian Squeeze
hehehe you are
For sure man, let me know.
I really like Koivu also, but I'm also a realist that this team just lacks 12 players to make playoff
we are one big happy family.
and if I had a million dollars.
I woke up on the right side of my brain today.
May their soul rest in fishy heaven
Sabreena Taylor makes it happen for us!!
We love ya sister!!
Thank you from the bottom of our fat little hearts!!!
I read that as Tryna find a blow job
My daughters icecream themed party 2day.
Apparently we won't need the freezer.
Will rain at least hold off ?
From most managers it probably wouldn't, but I feel like Roenicke is usually more evenkeeled than this.
RT Get back to basics this year; God and family.
Replace bad habits with good.
Eat healthy, exercise, read good books.
have a great weekend.
Can vote too??
They better not call that a Gary Cahill own goal, Crouch...
Would just be another case of rabid antiAmericanism
It's so hard to say goodbye
Gr8 comments today at ess12 ess2012 about my paper, which examines GITMO files
Playing tonight at Steamers in Fullerton with Peter Buck.
Dominic Thiroux, Willis Clow.
8pm!
Doorknobs broken off in 2 attempted, 1 completed burglary in Scranton  Scranton TimesTribune
Any suggestions on location?
I lost the bet to Mayor Hancock of Denver.
how about a delicious panini for you and your bun?
101 Stewart near the Market.
The Lasershow picks up pitches...
LIKE A BOSS.

Shoutout to the men of Morehouse College in ATL.
Gotta clean out my car tonight.
It's a mess!
Haha well it's supposed to snow in like an hour so I bet that's a bit different from you lol
I want a guy who's ONLY Motivaton one night is to slow dance with me and talk all night long.
They're little mini Tampico jugs, perfect for a quick thirst quench ; Lol, we absolutely love those little guys :D
One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child.
It's time to stop talking about problems of the past and embrace the future.
Nathan Fletcher is our city's best choice for mayor.Pass it on!
That's because I had all that tortilla soup for dinner.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT tomorrow at 7LV..
Make sure your at church!
Meet me at 6pm for leaders meeting to be the first to know!
I just read a book like that.
He set up an important meeting for Sunday, then left town and was gone until Monday.
What?!?
Oops!
My brothers cat is a she not a he.
Haa.
Her name is Sasha!
.
you should be fine next week but I wouldn't push it past that!
Look forward to having you and your friend!
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
We Expect The Tracks Back By Wed.
Next Week We Know Yall Gone Bring Some Fire 2 This Mixtape LET'S TAKEOVA!
Much Love From AGP
Reading and saw Seagate Momentus recommended as upgrade for hard doctorve.
Any experience with this?
Sorry for Twitter bomb
This is pretty true....RT : As an Aries rarely does anything slow you down.
thank you!!
God bless!!!!
Acting class was especially fun tonight
I'm imagining you doctorving off in a sweet astrovan with those fancy doors that close themselves!
lmfao how bout I follow both of you :
I'm a why not person.
And you?
Are you a why or why not person?
Today's work mix is a Slow and Synthy mix: a slow grinding synthy workout.
Thank you, mister Zahl.
Sorry JohanSantana MetFans know your career numbers are being destroyed by our team.
One Life To Lose
If I never hear Love On Top by Beyonce again in my life, I'll die a happy man.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
Harvey S.
Firestone
I love playoff hockey!
What a game and its not even my team.
You look even younger than that!
; 
Kind of ironic that this is the kind of thing cloud computing is great for, and Google ships a desktop app.
Yes he is.
RT : : Pierre found his new team to be in love with.
The Caps.
He's a hockey whore.
MY NAME IS SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID ROCKowicz and I'm calling from Chase Bank to discuss some recent charges to your debit card
Walking by an old white haired cowboy playing a sweet rendition of I Come To the Garden Alone on a red accordion.
Surreal, wonderful.
Just getting to work
Cubs vs Sox, NATO, FB IPO.
What else could happen today?
FF to you and yours.
'The only thing, u want us 2 occupy is a spot in the unemployment line!
U call urself an American that's somethin' u earn!'DBS
Just finished reading The Atlantic article.
Hits the mark on the epidemic of loneliness.
Excellent.
Thx again.
Life is Better At The Beach !
lol omfg that would doctorve me crazy.
Shit I lock my door anyway so they have to knock.
Go big or go home.
Because it's true.
What do you have to lose?
Eliza Dushku
acupuncture, lunch at the farmer's market, mochi
: Someone please take me to 
C reports a great quarter.
Funny that idiot Mike Mayo had nothing to say for once.
He reminds me of the WSJ and Barrons:
Ray Harper
I'll be BloHoHo event on Thurs  BabeHairBootcamp,  Book Launch on Saturday.
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary.
Seneca
I can always spot when she's dancing!
She needs to be on our TVs more cause she's meant to perform.
I never had one of course.....
oh dang that should be interesting..
Ready for the Blackhawks game tonight!
hope you feel better soon!
Red Velvet Cupcakes!
2 years ago?
Did they make the playoff's or win a playoff game?
Why do you hate Tebow?
Wanted to chat with you about an opportunity for you and Gatorade.
DM me your email addoctorss please.
If after I claim I have a boyfriend I don't hear a word from you, you have answered all my questions.
LoL
A man named Casper homered off Pettitte.
That's just wrong.
That is a really good idea.
We will look into that.
Thanks!
We need to get Micol on the bandwagon already.
Some account ideas: or or my favorite:
I'm sure they could, but it makes sense in Charlotte with the Hall of Fame and most teams being based there.
Brain Floss: Dentures were common wedding gifts in the British Isles because many people had teeth extracted prematurely.
I've been called many things, but that's a first for veggie superhero.
Thanks!
Work today ughh !
Scared the hell out of me though.
I can't even lie.
yes!
From Reem.
I think it's a virus.
If it wasn't for my dad
Music is always real to those who take time to listen
I want.
I don't know what I want, but I want...
Character without Competence  Cheer Leader  Competence without Character  MisLeader
perhaps we'll hit on a Foursquare Day Pub Crawl!
a big fan!!
thanks!!
Sure, come on down.
thank you!
I am so amazed by this whole experience!
I haven't been feeling well but it's been okay!!
Lol
shoes for brother's wedding: acquired!
very cool  where did you scan??
We have had a lot of fun, and met many awesome acts throughout the year.
We are wishing all the happiest of holidays and new year!
: CANSPAM implications for Twitter and Facebook messages as well as email.
love it!
Enjoy
advertisting discontent; or some other reference from days gone by.
much appreciated sir, safe travels!!!
RT : Straight from the studio, on way to then back to the studio...
Doesn't Santa come in December??
There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word!
Doesn't have to be separate from engagement
Converted a classic ASP page to .NETusing nested repeaters.
Making no other changes, went from 45 second load time to 14!!!
SWEET!
As each minute if I forget you, every second that passes is as if you were here with me, as if you were at all times to me, is you think
Nobody usually makes me this happy, I'm so lucky :
is SOO Beautiful!: I cant believe it 33 I LOVE HER
Seahawks vs Saints!
swag swag swag on you
like i told you before you wouldnt even know if i did
this kid is a natural.
He's been kicking everything in sight since he could stand.
He has a distance of about 15 yards already.
happy birthday
dj Cyn spinnin at Cecilia's Sunday funday come hang out with us!!
everybody's got to have a claim to fame.
In this case, the credit goes to my students.
Inspirational beings...
Does your organization's vision align with it's mission?
With the stated values?
Heaven now available on Itunes!

we're considering joining the dark side.
would you go 13 or 15 inch for macbook pros?
Thanks for supporting Autism Speaks!
Note to self when u hungry stay away from the ethnic side of town....smh I'm taking my butt Gwinnett or Alpharetta
im almost done with my spring homework.
one im on my last essy :
thanks for the Followback man appreciated :D
that happens to me a lot....
I just finished a 3.41 mi run with Nike GPS.
you too enjoy
Wonderful work you are doing in Indy!
Congratulations for remembering your roots.
We need more like you.
Now following u back
What a game!!!!
slow down short hair don't care
whose the wise ass
Blush tones are in tonight at the GoldenGlobes.
Do you dig it or no?
Need more followers .
Me too!
Love you girls RT : Had a blast last night with and
Looking for a better way to monitor your club members training ?
Visit our site and check out our online training plan!
Thank you!
I just did!
Last wknd to see 's Merchant of Venice.
Get your pound now.
LAThtr and ff them too.
Peyton Manning, and all his bandwagon Colts fans, are free agents.
Whatever team signs him will increase its fan base by 1,000 percent!
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase?
I shop too much....
This DJ can suck my taint!
Can't sleep....
Got a lot on my mind
Is there anybody out there ?
who cares..
How was my game yesterday?
Lawyers are predators in grey worsted.
THAT'S some real shit!
now u know u would b upset of we had the baby all weekend!
ESPN had this 4 train montage start in Union Square, which is probably the part of Manhattan where people care LEAST about the Yankees
77 of consumers prefer social login
conversation with mother: Casey, don't grow up and have friends.
Why do you say that?
Because they're such assholes.
no problem and back at ya:
Slogging through layers of bureaucracy at City Hall.
Knee deep in forms, taxes, and cryptic business documents.
Survived.
Phew!
Pony's today!
Lol aww that sucks ive been good how about you?
Yeah I was expecting Sarah's response to be more like yours!
...Raheem gets me through the workday..each and everyday...thank you..
We are hiring for all positions in our new NY Headquarters.
Message if interested.
Dolly Parton at the bowl.
Yep.
we have a basket hunt.
All clues are doctorwn and everyone has their own set to follow.
Oh and we're competitive, so it's timed!
Ha!
yes she is
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
One day your parents are here and the next they are gone.
Be there for loved ones bc you never know..
I wish I had enough money to work with I would spend my last penny just do a song with him
you gotta come out oct 8!
follow back?
I'm on a roll  squeezing in 'See Girl Run' into an already packed day.
sxsw is exhausting!
Lack of communication can be the demise of relationships...
Mayne just hit SoS.a verse again on the mic pass!
I didn't see the announcement in the last listserv.
When does it begin?
I Know bro I wasn't talkin shit.
Just needs work or your sound bro
o shit big news coming....
ok good!
I was sad there for a second
Got a charity game on friday,promise i wont make an ass of myself
Well, that's one way to get an extra 40 minutes of sleep
Hi there im a true Cena Girl Fan i believe in him entirely and im always having his back when i catch people hatin on him
I feel like sitting around a campfire  doctornking beers
I discovered last night that I can't get the CW on FiOS in Maryland.
Looks like it's a retrans fight reaching back to December.
Irksome.
FINALLY leacin nashville !!!
Headinggf home : onlyy the LONGEST trip too Arkansas EVER
that's the one.
Goodnight my tweepz...its been 'fun'....
These are giving me the heart palpitations, what a game!
Well I mean out out.
I'm leaving now.
sn I can't taste what's in my cup.
Ha, never heard of this.
Interesting, but Amazon reviews suggest they cause more problems than they solve.
ah cool how was your week?
It's much to be soon to fucking up Whitney at karaoke.
If you're reading this yes I'm talking to you, Igor.
I guess that worked out well for you.
Are you just searching the internet looking for beta signups?
Maybe I should too?
:p lol
Good idea!
Would make a great case study for a class.
Soak away the Winter in a skin nurturing mineral bath.
Your body will thank you.
Glad I'm not a capitals fan.
seems too painful
thank you :
I have a whole bunch of stuff saved I want to share with you, but I think I'll wait.
Wow!I take it all out on myselfmy Mom thinks I'm mad at HER!!
asdaklifj NO!!
I'M NOT MAD AT YOU MOM!!
I'M FUCKING PISSED OFF AT MYSELF!!
RT : I want to thank all the mothers that birthed my friends.
Great additions to society...most of them!I'll let her know lol
i want food
What a hell of a game
Get your hotrods ready to rumble cause we're gonna doctornk until we die.
It's Friday afternoon.
Time to kick off a functional programming ad campaign.
Who's with me?
Hashtag is
Another long, busy day 
Perfect work from home oppty!
Part time/full time; earn extra  in time for the holidays.
Inbox me for details or visit...
I hate when a teacher lecture about shit that doesn't even have anything to do with the class...
We'll one up you by saying we love you!!!
Thanks so much for the support!
so cool!
have fun
Bills rookie receiver TJ Graham will be on the show at 4:05
I love the voice.
Mizzou victory on Friday.
Copy that.
Over and out.
I need more followers :
given out anytime...plus a lot more VERY soon.
mane aint saw dem n a min lol
Follow cuz I just saw her on my TL and she is sexy ;
I fricken hate my life so much.
I wish it was easy.
Wow!
This guy from small town Texas needs to go to anger management classes.
Higher ed needs more money.
That's all there is to it.
Well, not all.
It needs restructuring but nobody is gonna go for that.
First parent/child talk that was actually helpful for me.
Apparently I've been through too many near death experiences now.
excited is an understatement.
Oh how I'd love to get a massage right now.
No luck.
:P
Heading to my college football game!!!
SWEET.
Go UK
The one about building a great LinkedIn professorle.
The radio only plays annoying shit and almost always Rihanna 
Yes!!!
Hair model...I've done it!!
Lmao : There's gotta be a job where I just sit, and someone does my hair,  I get paid.
Finally bullymovie will premiere here in Miami tomorrow at the Regals In SouthBeach.
Cant wait!
He's mentioned in several other novels set during the time.
It's a great story and insanely turbulent time.
Also, can someone in Japan ship me a green tea white chocolate bagel?
Honey walnut cream cheese?
It's all I ever want these days.
:
I miss you!!!
Working on ALA epetition process and getting ready for ALA CONNECT meeting tomorrow  with a break for Tai Chi first.
knees shaking, palms sweating..
I must be going to the dentist
Feel big things ahead  either finishing a novel or getting assigned a crush of jobs at work.
Will be a telling week...
Great news  thanks!
Leave my tires alone, stinky.
Sipping on this sobe life water.
It's no bueno.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Chipotle sounds so good right now.
Countdown to our new rooftop patio opening tomorrow Check out livemusic, Corona sampling, Thursday
I hate school
Thanks for the love!!!
SophomoreYearTaughtMe I got haters.
Oh well, Its all good 
when will Hollins clear waivers?
is there enough time to sign him before friday playoffs deadline?
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Bush Back
I've hit my follow limit whhaaattt!!!
Come on tweethearts this diva need some help here!
It's time to pull out your summer annuals.
Today is a lovely day to do it.
Clear skies and warm sunny afternoon!
The Spirit is the real, living presence and the power of the Father working in us.
Therefore, it is he who knows that the Spirit is in him 
LMAO at how many ppl on my timbeline just asked what was going on with Nicki Minaj!!
They don't show it, but they let you know it
for running, yes...
For crossfit?
Bro you wrong man lol,
If you're at SXSW today, ' doc The Announcement screening is today.
Check it out before it airs tomorrow.
That's right, BMOFAB today!
I had a doctoram.
I had an awesome doctoram.
Can you name the title and artist?
did Al really just snag a foul ball, wtf.
?
we need ur help in Austin...
We need u to train our officers about normal/ healthy dog behavior
About to go into a meeting /about/ another meeting I had earlier.
Yeah...pretty much...
Waiting for the Solyndoctor avalanche of hate
Same here.
May have doctorven my son away from programming
Ever since Lauryn Hill was with Rohan, she changed..
She lost her focus  or she just didn't care about making music anymore.
:
War kills with your silent consent; we must speak up against it.
Ghandi
he's so cute!
He even has my nose which is weird lol
Jim Harbaugh is my favorite coach in the NFL...what an amazing victory today against the team I thought would win it all this year
Spent the day in KC with  Started the day with a Bocce match at KC Bocce Club followed by 's BBQ Crawl
Feels like a good day for some Pi...
:
Just got approved for kickstarter!
Time to start living up to our St.
Pete hometown status and beg for some funding 3
Currently have one spot left for coaching this summer.
Give a holla if your interested.
Yea, I've been too!
I'm in England right now, but I also spend a lot of time in LA.
;
I bought one of those alarm clocks that wakes you up by gradually making the music louder'''I kinda like it
glad you are upright.
Have a great weekend!
i can try
Thanks for following me!
I love the Only One single!
During halftime, we've moved over and are cheering on the Columbus Crew youth bc they cheered for us last night.
MT : Big thanks to for the excellent presentation in CO101 this morning.
Great advice and insight!
bingo!
for bonus points, which side?
Watching doc on ban of ethnic studies in Tucson at nahjnm2012 .
Did u know 93 of students who take such courses graduate high school?
the rebirth
'Melo misses wide open 3, sulks, lets DWade run by him on the break for easy layup.
That's why he has the worst playoff record
Just got my computer all fixed up....Took them 2 hrs over internet...
www.mycomputerworks.com mcw
I knew that nap after work was a BIG mistake.
Now I can't sleep to save me!
LORD, HELP!
the way these jeans fit  .
Careful what you wish for...
I've been on that too.
:O
Sorry for late response.
We've not tweeted live surgeries but we photographed the 1st gastric plication.
Photos on FB.
Good idea
I meant physically possible.
Shit.
I'm so freakin upset right now
My dog really needs to stop farting cus my room stinks 
OMG your clothes are so fabulous that I can not resist!!!
yes bruh and he a hoeeeee she want to fuck the crew!
I didn't come here to play it safe Untucked Unprotected
Bulls gone fishin'
I just heard the emergency broadcast system tell me about my real emergency rather than the test of the EBC and it was eerily scary!
Everywhere I look I see similarities of you.
One of my favorite baseball players of all time went down for the season today.
His career might be done.
I'm growing up.
tell grandma to adjust that aperture
OH SNAP!!!
RT : That's for Laura and me, mister.
eek!!!
What do they do for ya??
Heard someone talk about em once
thanks for the wrangler shot out!
instead of creating jobs, they have launched a war on women  Sen.
Maria Cantwell.
Great to see EL wmn fighting back.
they are.
superstar NHL forward doesn't guarantee wins  nevermind Cup  anymore.
All about goalies baby
I hate you...
NICE!
You crack me up!
2012 Candidate and pro Pot proponent Gary Johnson in DC today at the National Press Club
Alicia keys
he's on his 
Thanks Kathi  I've never tried Google Hangouts  I'll play around with it.
What extras do you recommend?
I've been a fan of you since 2009.
Follow?3 Love u
R.I.P.
mister Bob Marley, wild that a toe injury turned into brain cancer.
Doobs Up 2nite for Bob  cc:
I guess I'll go to bed now and write in my journal.
does this have anything to do with the tweet about pubes?
Jadakiss Consignment tape is fire
Not yet...but any day now!!
: did you get your card?!
which is your subway map app of choice?
I went from sleepin in a cell, to sleepin on a jet
u still talking to him
Tech Support: your ISPs way of expressing their hatred towards you
There's a budget 4 KLCS?
Really?
Let's flip LAUSD's TV station in2 something 2generate revenue!
Sell some shamwows or something!
I love my baby mamas, they get my highest honor
Awesome!
How has it gone?
RT :  i have been trying to switch all of my products to turkey
Im going to get some rest and study for this psychology and work on these papers
Looks like I have long day at the yard tomorrow.
Checking both ends of single admin DH off my bucket list.
that be tite if we really made a chic.
Took my box over to my new desk in ILL today...
looking forward to joining that office and learning some new stuff next week!
no you're not lol
Saw your youngster on the range today.
If only we could get him some coaching!
Young man is in good hands.
AH, SORRY!
I just fixed it!
Fast Five...
turned out to be a good movie
Getting excited for race weekend
nah that's a reach.
They'll beat Indiana this series but if not...
You know what would be really sweet?
Could we all possibly make RockTheInk a trending topic?
You down for the challenge!?
thanks so much Cathy!
Ray  Joe are awesome !
If ur interested the 'Miseducated' album's available from me direct.
This nappy headed girl called me balled head.
Like serious?
Last time I checked my hair was passed my shoulders.
Where is yours?
To your ear
Facebook down, guess I'll b a tweet head for a lil while.
Happy Easter everyone!
If you can't handle my worst , you're not getting my best !
I'm Sorry Sweetie
will keep my fingers crossed for you too!
:
Not a cloud in the sky this morning!
Don't get to say that too often in Indiana : Perfect day for the race track!
if you are a small business leader, message me.
i'm new but i have some ideas to market my MLM to small business owners globally...
I love 3yr old logic.
Corvin wants cookies for breakfast, I tell him NO, so he automatically assumes we must be out of cookies.
stop by at the back side of new orleans across from the deja vu strip club to get one of pops famius philly cheesesteaks ill be here til 3am
Perfect day for the beach!
Getting ready for a great weekend.
Air and Water show this Saturday and Sunday.
Make your plans early!
I'm always this chill....
with assistance!
Some foods that contain vitamin C include red bell peppers, broccoli, guava, oranges, orange juice, papaya, and strawberries.
your mom rocks.
Thank You Joan for 
Additionally, you provide a rational reason for speeding and you may be able to get the mercy of the court
FF some of my talentedinspiring classmates!
imdb.me/lindsayhopper
what size shirt are ya?
We will be at convention center today w your
And, just to cap off the night, the remote died.
Yup, callin' it quits.
Night, all!
I know but it was crap they don't need to say I was lying
The Reno fire station in Stead is open today for a sixday trial period.
City will open it July.
I know your type.
go work at kroger for me then
I want to win a snackattack from this afternoon!
I don't like seeing people sad ..
Networking is the key to every business.
Smart Business Networking is the blood that makes it work.
My dad always seems to get me in the worst possible mood all the time
Thanks, Glenn  you too.
RT have à Nice week my friend:
are you watching the Mexican elections debate???
HAHA
Thanks to all who stopped by during tasteofmadison this weekend!
Was a ton of fun, already looking forward to next year!
send me some tracks
Yes.
Thanks.
I wish I could get online with this Nintendo, and bully some chumps in some Tecmo Bowl.
who is your sister
First clue: The card has been seen around an airport in New York City!
yeah son.
love watching sportscenter this morning
A2: Do they deserve it?
when do you graduate?
and I didn't start school until like the last week in august.
I asked my dog why He's enthusiastically A dog and got licked.
No player hating here, Kobe is 1 of the greatest player player out there!
RT RT : Databases arent cheap but FREE at library!
: yes you are: mind officials blown.
Thanks Chris!killer!
Sell in May and walk away.
Priorities changing, mind set reforming, life progression.
Life has really set in
I swear I'm never going 2 this corner store alone
Im still pretty good at poker LiveHoldEmPoker App.
Started with 12k and 1hr later Im just under 300k
Ok, 1 scenario RT : : Can't imagine any scenario for riding streetcar btween pdx  LO Better panhandling opportunities?
Very sad to learn that is leaving us.
He's been an excellent leader, visionary, and source of great things.
You will be missed!
how was the doctorft
JoAnn great to meet you!
hey : are right.
Bjork packs big emotion  intensity in her voice.
gotta love Bjork's original zany fun love style.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 6
Re: early xmas.
Were you a very bad boy, cause, well, Santa must hate you.
If you message us please make it for business purposes only
When Harry met Big Sally
PLEASE STOP SINGING LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT
Even with an utterly weird audience that was delightful.
Amazing production.
Truly breathtaking.
I'm done for tonight Orioles .
Over to nfl network and the original hard knocks marathon
I suggested a mohawk after game 4 but that idea was met with silence.
Apple for me, plz!
Ala mode.
Oh, yeah.
RT : RT : Happy Pi Day to you and yours!
3.145928
nah, they just can't find any open wireless networks
I love this list.
We were just tweeting about Barry Smith's Avengers books.
omigosh, I do that all the time...
For the markets wasn't there a song Slip Sliding Away.
Bids doctorpping.
Time to increase the hedge and short lines.
LITA presentation almost finished.
Will do a preview for Library staff.
don't be chicken...you're an adult ...act like it...turn up and put em on tha glass Mamas!
Who has dunk of the year so far?
LeBron James dunk/ally oop over John Lucas.
Or Blake Griffin's dunk over Kendoctorck Perkins???
hi Nash : my daughter and I can't wait to see you guys in concert in Chicago!!
it's not perfect.
There are some awkward moments.
Overall though I think a success.
I'm going to see it again in the theater.
Myths are public doctorams, doctorams are private myths
How do i get pics on TWITTER ..?
Soo i can SHOW all u guys my CUTE lil puppy CLOE...!!!
LOL
Since when did me not wanting to tell you my name mean I'm conceited ?
An AKA step show and not a skee wee to be heard.
So sad right now.
:
i will definatly pick one up
That's awesome.
Would love to see the GreenMonster in person.
Thanks for inviting us over!
We had a great time.
cc:
If you can't have the one you love , than love the one you have...
Guuurl.
Preach it.
I am gonna to try to wear purple everyday this week for
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.79
isn't that the function of most info graphics the illusion of objectivity.
you should already know!
My cousin gave it to me when I was like, 5.
BEST TIME EVER
Thanks for the special gifts you shipped me.
I'll be sure to share one with the office to continue spreading the good word!
so lean.
so clean.
very mean.
all those things.
you crazy bro!
About 35 pp into THE DESCENDANTS by Kaui Hart Hemmings  I like it so far.
I love you this big!:
welcome to twitter my love!
looking forward to seeing you on Scandal
Obama spoke out on gay marriage?
Forget the 3.5 years of silence and the fact that there's an election in 7 months...
Cherry coke and reese cup juss saved my life.
beyondearth First session looks  how we leave earth  how we will do it in the future.
What do you think?
You know you're real btch when you realize you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it...lol
My 400th tweet!
I better think of something good to say!
Multipurpose publishing can be achieved very easily, using your existing technology with very little change to your current workflow.
I accept your hypothesis!
Why not indeed!
you got my message Bruh
Thank you.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Many laws as certainly make bad men, as bad men make many laws.
Walter Savage Landor
Anyone wanna get rid of their Of Montreal tickets?
Eh?
Eh??
Kissin U is my favorite Miranda Cosgrove song.
T1  feel like they would have to employ standards for using SM.
online content can easily be misunderstood, so caution  care is imp
get back with me i dont know where i will be or doing right now
RT I'm feeling like war tonight.
Especially fiesty.
Bring it.OK.Final Score.Union 1...Rebs 0
lots of things come into my mind all i can do is laugh!
XD
Didn't get any sleep last night bc it stormed hella bad..
Now have to go to school!
:/
no thanks haha
I see u tatted foreal cuzzin
finna go 2 olive garden and then ima go hit
Kambale: ICTs are only used to monitor election violence and report on poll credibility, how can we expand ICT use i elections?
Bottom line, I am a poor target market for forprofessort journalism.
I am ambivelent w.r.t.
its survival.
AlondoctorH18 sorry for the absence, we are focusing more on JulieFoudy.
We here in the background if you need us though :
its pretty good
NBC Sports, USA Today and ESPN all have Indiana at Number 1 in the preseason polls.
Indiana is back!
You have to do it yourself, no one else will do it for you.
You must work out your own salvation.
OK!
When are you around downtown?
Back from vacay.
CD release party at the Hody tonight if you're in the area.
RUSH Community Service Event TOMORROW at the American Cancer SocietyBuffalo Hope Lodge.
Come out to Rush AKPsi!
yyyyyeeessssssss : Tommorrow Starts a New Season for the Pack.
GoPackGo
Relaxing productive day , can't complain a bit ;
that's why I don't do stuff with you dad..
Love that a guy in a white minivan with a Strange Music sticker is cranking doowop.
np 'Paradise Circus' Massive Attack wynetyme
I call it being highly educated lol
I can't believe I woke up before 8:00 am on a summer D:
Another lesson from the book of Daniel.
Fully engage in your work and your work environment.
Client interviews all day today.
Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
My short excursion to the National Mall turned out to be so simple.
Silly fears...
The smartest use of Twitter for marketing is...
Just press and hold your J key and watch the magic unfold
lol that wasn't even supposed to happen.
Some unreliable cast members caused some changes.
Worked out tho :...
LA is the plan
Thank you so much!
Let's do an interview about it soon for the new CD...
RIP MCA.
You will be missed greatly.
Lines moving quick lol get your tickets and get out
you know I love you, right?
yeah im living up in atx for the summer!
Orange County is another planet  a funny, strange and different planet.
One day of training down!!!
if you learn one thing from me today....
it should be don't give john travolta a massage
Beach sound good today
RT Still getting use to this iPhone 
so my other account now says
ikno it's makin you feel like you have the best grade ever lmaoo
get a blanket!
I can't believe that's a real site.
ROCK OF AGES opening tonight, now thru Sunday...
We are offering 20 rush tickets!
Come see Constantine tear up the stage!
We should add you to the payroll sir, you're keeping us busy!
Goin to sleep cuz this headache is killing me :/
Figure your life out
Sounds good!
GOOD AFTERNOON WARRIORS, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Total HR's collectively hit by every Padoctors player in Petco in 2012  6 HR's hit by Braun by himself in one game tonight at Petco  3
You're far too kind, man.
It's that time of the year again!
Come out to our first general body meeting at 5:00pm in Admin 304!!
RT RT!
aviation and astronautics!?
I have a friend who engineers flying cars.
What do you do?
hehe I know it would be a great tour with you two
Eric Reed at Studio 281, Atlanta's best jazz club.
THAT SWING IS LIKE NOURISHMENT!
It's about to get clucky up in here.
New Success Coach Training and Certification class starts in Tampa next Wednesday the 17th.
What a great party !
just went to htc1x from iphone.
Can you decrease the size of your music library on double twist like you can in iTunes?
FULLCOURTLIFE so I'm wondering if she's going to have a baby
just listening to my grandma's favorite song, sitting here thinking about her..
God, I miss her.
It's game day!
If you're in Boston, join us at Noon for UConnFootball or 3:15p for UConnBasketball.
Or both!
RT : OH: IT guy: When did you submit that ticket?
Eng: A week ago.
IT: That's like 3 hours in IT time.
We'll get to it.
LOL
A chance run in with the week before last and a sidewalk spotting of today  now, to combine our powers...
so great seeing u
You bet!
Thanks for the RT.
It smells like greasy ground beef outside.
How does that happen?
WhatsUrPriceDoe RT:Blah blah blah blah blah....
he talkin to me like Im dumb.
Why do guys treat the good faithful girls like crap?
Obviously you deserve a good kick in the nuts you AHole!

PLEASE Follow  Itz Alleyway TO Broadway
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Raining in Orlando but sun is always shinning for Solis!www.SolisEnergy.com
Thanks for the shoutout!
I had a lot of fun!
is a beautiful library and I hope to work with you more!
My lil man scored a 200 on his advance math entrance exam, way to go lil man
I believe the greater the handicap, the greater the triumph.
Hey Dear, Good Morning:
Everyone go check out our friends in !
To all the eye care professorssionals out there, we'd like your opinion  what do you look for in an ocular vitamin?
We Love Miss Gomez
thanks friend!
cant WAIT til next weekend!!
And, great job!
that point was more about the way the field evolves, and that there are connections that can be made.
thanks.
I tried
Horrible news at Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys has died at the age of 48!!!
So my showers broken...
This is the worst thing EVER...
Bout to head into this club.
One of the family dogs is really starting to show effects of doggie dementia...the worst is when he wobbly stands and stares off into space.
did you get a chance to listen to us?
:D
If I sit any longer in this damn bank, im go SCREAM!!
: I have a homework assignment and I need magazines.
Do you have any I can have?Do U want me to bring tmister?
No worries at all : DM'ing you now
So, is in Twitter jail.
Tweet her on
I'm exhausted.
Dealt with RWNJ client today insisting on talking abt politics.
So obvious every view  tlkng point came straight from faux.
ST.
PATTY'S DAY SPECIAL!!
GET 5 OFF ALL ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE IF YOU COME DOWN TO OUR WALK IN COMPUTER CLINIC SAT 3/17!
jl
Recall coming up.
Going have to figure out fast, easy, nonfattening recipes
Happy Mara Monday Thomas !!
I cant wait for TMoney Tuesday !
even tho l am dead ass tired.
UH 100 meter shuttle hurdles team posts second place finish at Penn Relays
Well duh :
I had them at 170...never heard of this Bye team, but I think the Pack takes them down.
thank you!!!
Of course let's do something!!!
I love my roommates
If you want it done right do it yourself is leaderfollower.
Don't get trapped in that mentality.
I paid 4.49 today.
Ouch.
Jim Harbaugh needs to teach his receivers how to pick defenders.
It's not like you're crack backing them lol
Time to take prod.
to a whole new level, taking the plunge to implement full blown GTD.
Unfortunately productivity will plunge intitially
excellent observation...applies to our childoctorn too, right!?
:
Lunch w Jen oh wo :
u failed
Best night ever!
Thank you for signing my arm because your brother wouldn't let you sign his!: haha:
Numbness wearin off
YOU EAT BUTT .
how is it not real?
Play in the rain or study?
youre mean, but thats okay because im dating Naya
me..but im crying right now :/
NO CLASS Tmister!
But make sure to go to tonight, 7p at studio702  class sunday, 6p at the dance zone!
I didn't know flightoftheconcords wrote muppet song; how cool!
: you need to spend the night at my house again ;D Soon3 I promise.
:
I'm pulling for the Rangers and Mac is pulling for the Giants...hm, sounds like a friendly wager may be in order!
This website hasn't been updated in 15 years, yet it is still amazing
This is my time now.
Watch me stay strong.
I'd say when you get the bigger paycheck...
but every step in between calls for a margarita or two, as well!
Congrats!
Looking to get some lunch?
We've got a delicious house made veggie burger with gruyere, mustard slaw, and mama lil's peppers.
haha no not at all man.
That's a good thing!
It's good to have a new friend in the business.
Please keep in touch!
They're sloppy fighters, it's so funny.
I'm at the ref desk for another half hour, I'll catch up when I get home
aw, why a sad face?
cool!
Day 7 of voting!
If we get to at LEAST 30 in the rankings, we will post a special video!
Today's friday!
heckyeah!
: Who dates Sam Jackson?Motherfuckers!!!
It was great to sit down w/ this afternoon.
Brilliant business mind  fantastic guy.
Much appreciated.
Love the doctorve  hustle.
healthtip: Go ahead, dance,we promise no one is watching!
dancing builds muscle strength, improves coordination  boosts the immune syste
Wonder what the BHO campaign figured the net votes  and how much more donations  he'd get by evolving.
Too nice to people.
I let people come in my home doctornk my liquor.
Women want to give that special, spicy gift to their sweethearts, but shooting w/ OSP also gives them a more empowered sense of self.
It matters not what goal you seek Its secret here reposes You've got to dig from week to week To get Results or Roses.
99 of guys are hot the other 1 go to my school.
reading Best Friends Forever and reimpressed by how well you write.
I read alot...and I think you are among the best...
You think you can maybe follow me...?: Or tweet me?
Or anything3
You coming?
RT :  there's always next month  Saturday, November 19th
WERE OPEN ON SUNDAYS!!
SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE Come out Oakland Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 Weave HairCuts MakeUp Too!
Start your week off righttoday only, mention this message for a free taste of the most expensive wine on our menuBetz Family Syrah!
Thanks for the love!
Consider it reciprocated!
RT Love what you guys are doing over there.
Keep up the good work!
Oh ok
woot thank you!
Aren't they fantastic?
RT : We are hiring  come and join the User Experience Design team at the Guardian bit.ly/or0h8y
that's so gross.
He looks much better than that in real life.
Tim Tim Tim..
He's got my vote!
:

take your time LOL
Has gender equality really been achieved?
I have my doubts about it.
I always like discovering the new stuff.
I have password fatigue.
So tired of ridiculous requirements.
Capital letters!
Numbers!
Special characters!
Expire every 2 days!
don't worry hun it won't end.
if I lay here if I just lay here would you lie with me and just forget the world
I'm gonna call you.
Going to sleep early tonite God bless you guys dont forget to pray3
Mayweather vs.
Ortiz tonight!
How many rounds is it gonna go??
Easy Rider
why r u so fit huh???
Good looking out RT : FF Fellas'
RT : Don't be so upset about how far you still have to go; be excited about how far you've come!
I HATE my brother.
The quality of online recipes is hit and miss.
Just read one that advised me to slice a sweet potato into thin layers using a mandolin.
Am I the only 1 who has old bags lying arnd full of crap I'll never use?
doctor pens, receipts, etc?
Why can't I just be a normal teenager
From math textbook by the company works for: aaron did 2/3 of the work.
bria helped him with 1/6 of what he did.
doubtful.
Watching a movie called silence..
potential Dadaist parlor game for academics: connect any four consecutive entries in a randomly selected bibliography
um my thoughts are you shouldn't be doctorving a smart car lol....aren't you alittle too big?
Closer to my homie newest album I cant wait to cop my album!

she makes me happy i know where i'll be right by your side cause she is the one for me 
Hope you get to celebrate with more homers tonight.
Had we been home last night your slide would have been on fire!!
Havent been up this early in so long...
It's terrible.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH!
Q.
What do Fred Flintstone and Osama Bin Laden have in common?
A.
They both look out their caves and see rubble.
If this had come out earlier, Mitt could've used it as selling point w/ voters as example of being more antigay than Santorum.
Can't get out of bed for nothing.
Ah
that would be fabulous!
I think you'd love it here :
My next blog is going to be on how to create a twitter background easy and free using powerpoint.
Time 2 check!
RT : Avoid using the words sign up on web buttns  links.
Instead let the link say wht they're signing up 4.
Can 2 fans of show take you guys to a high school hoop game in Indy on Fri nite?
I hope Jersey Guy doesn't have chemo every Tuesday.
Last week he sat in the quiet room and argued with his daughter nonstop.
I agree!
RT : The richest people in the world build networks.
Everyone else is trained to look for work.
R.
Kiosaki
Dumb ass lmao RT : I told to smoke a dick last night.lmfao.
Petraeus will not ever run for office.
Honesty or MacArthurian dissembling?
Been doing alright getting by.
What about yourself?
Gratitude is a sign of noble souls.
yeah i bet ur wondering were am i
An amazing job by our Student Panel today.
Follow them.
hahaha im not just miss the good ole days we had to much fun togetha
I need a glass of wine and a nap ASAP before I have a nervous breakdown!!
lol my side
Oh thanks :D lol
If you're out of bed already, we clearly have a different type of blankets.
Yup RT it appears as though everything in amazon's gold box for today is horrible.
except for the ps3.
that's a good deal.
Heading back to Chicago from interviews in Fort Wayne
ThingsILookFor The doctoram i had when i was a child.
Sorry thought it was a joke.
Lol
Not looking forward to cutting the grass this afternoon
This week we are integrating the network audio tracks with the VISij timeseries movies to see might be gained by adding audio to video.
you two should talk to ...
He knows that stuff ...
You know what I wanna watch?
The show that gives me an extra ten hours tonight.
me, to
Orioles have taken prices for tickets off of their website.
They can't possibly consider raising them can they?
I don't know about the moral implications of this, but I'm laughing my ass off.
This helps cope with my anger over
Off to NYLA conference tomorrow.
Should be fun!
Just got done eating lunch...
o.O
HOW WAS IT?!
:D
APRIL BABIES stand up!
We make a difference in this Little World
Hispanic populations projected to surpass Asians and African Americans by 2050
: Happy Holidays to you as well!
How did the Bugg tour go?
: will take another team to the next level and is a better longterm asset.
IMO interesting
Thanks , , , , CicadaRadio, NoPasaran, and SecretCountry for one hell of a night.
I heard they are thinking of changing the court at HecEd to paper because the Huskies always look better on paper...
yeah, I always ripped them off of the DVD cases.
I happened to rip one off of a bluray case the other day.
No worries anymore.
hmm, oomf keeps subtweeting me.
wonder why he doesn't just tag me?
:
Enjoy the show?
:
I think our 6 ranked Men's golf team deserves a shout out...
Cheering for a vandy win.
Like that's a shocker.
RT My dad is not a surrogate for Romneywill not bestumping for him in the general.
Come to me...
RT : I like fat guys.
I feel safe when I'm with them.
Nag Champa fills the air in the Femme Cave
when you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.3
This is the most excitement involving horses since Peyton Manning left the Colts for the Broncos.
THE BEST PART OF WAKING UP IS MONEY N THE BANK!!!
Had a killer yoga class with at the office today.
It seems wrong to now want a cupcake, really really badly.
Sure thing.
Signed up for updates for ventribe.
Intrigued.
Have a good weekend.
I absolutely love love it!!
just don't become a Bulldog fan.
Lol!!
That episode of Glee makes me want to die :
H1B  L1A/B visa holders must track travel outside US  keep travel documentation to prove time outside US enabling recaptainre of time.
Community can be used to build great products 
I can't wait till I die, so god can tell me my lifetime field goal percentage.
hello?
is it me your looking for i can see it in your eyes i can see it in your smile ;D
Just got accepted at the istandard producer showcase if all goes well ill b there
You're welcome.
That totally makes up for the lack of grant funding for having put my life on the line for this reportage.
GoTribe roll tribe roll n fck the heat
im textin u goofy u aint gettin a good night mention u get a good night text or phone call
Lucky!!
Im still waiting the day to meet my future husband :D anyway Congrats :
ugh I wish you could talk...
:/ im having the worst day of my life not even kidding
ja vi a msg no fb :
Those who want more choice can pay more for that luxury.
Essential coverage a greater good than access to MGH.
RT: People in the inner city of Milwaukee want jobs and don't want to be ignored between elections.
It's not Memphis but The Dip aka Velvet Cream in Hernando is awesome.
AH!
Dexter returns with an allnew season on Sunday, September 30th at 9PM ET/PT
My bad.
How I met your mother
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
News Alert: Read The Role of Congress in Education Policy by DFER's Charles Barone  Elizabeth DeBray
awesome!
You should come to Omaha, NE :
thanks for the help!
MN Twins had 5 hits tonight.
Former Twins SS JJ Hardy had 5 hits himself today including 2 HRs.
I miss him.
People are saying that our campaign has become a real whirlwind.
I'm sure by now you have heard about Hurricane Lisa!
Teaching all day at Peabody
: If only I cared
Yep.
Quilted Northern too.
RT : Just curious if anyone besides me stopped buying Johnsonville Brats for political reasons?
My two cents is that rejuvenation is just as important as .
YAY to dinner parties!!
Have a blast!
XOXO

!!!
RT : Every moment life gives us is a fresh emergent space to deny or engage our gifts, resulting in the shape of our aliveness
my first photo credit!
Woohoo!
I guess there are goals and then there is a great goal.
whatsyours?
Nice, sweet place!...actually am off to San Francisco tonight through Sunday.
Let's do something on St.
Patty's Day though
Im taking it higher than a mariah note.
Pen too nice, you would think that fire wrote
I appreciate the kind words a lot.
Look forward to your thoughts on 'Mania.
Are you staying up to watch it live?
I need a hazmat suit to clean the bathroom of the store I'm in this week.
Men, point it into the toilet plz.
well where you at so i can give it to you on a cd
gosh ur so pretty uuggghh why can't i ve pretty like u?
No!
Well, maybe a little.
Not empty teasing if you're in Seattle.
Grab your pair of tix 8/4 all day today!
Listen to win!
RT : : One thing about a libra..
We give y'all what y'all need but we are never satisfied realshit
Sometimes chili cheese fries are just right  no matter what
: you going to be out tonight?
That's the rumor...
That Harbor Inn.
So full right now...
Melo won a title for Syracuse.
If he can help restore the Knicks legacy, strong case Melo is an all time great baller in
What is a Jury: It is a selection of 12 people chosen to decide whose side has the better attorney.
Good morning.
Good morning God.
Good morning Baby Jesus.
Thank you both.
So excited the weekend is almost here..
now we gotta add more people to our shirts
It hasn't been a good weekend when I'm grocery shopping at 7:00 Sunday night.
San Diego is awesome, just came back from there.
Loved it.
Free doctorpin Friday today
I swear I love bacon more than any guy.
Thank u for following.
34 Bro, there is a big difference between knowing Jesus and knowing about Him, ask the 7 sons of Sceva.
Acts 19:1416
Felicite you're gorgeous !
:
If my timeline is any indicator, The Muppets will dominate the box office this weekend.
It's amazing how many problems go away by simply ignoring them and going to sleep.
for a second you were here, why you over there?
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body Like you never had a love
yea he went in..
Damn lol
ok big t battling Charlie clips in Chicago June 17.
JC vs yung kannon.
X factor v aye verb.
Conceited vs Midwest miles.
Taylor Gang or use your iphone 4 to facetime with my dick bitchh!!
yeeaaa bitch  voice
No problem!
Those are all great lessons for any parent :
I can't hear you, so Ill just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
yeah i noticed.
i was confused hahaha does bruck pitch?
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you so much cody!
do you remember me?
u werent at the pit jumping like the rest that wanna take state.u were at a party gettin throwed.prime example.not serious
Good morning to you as well and good luck!
:
Finally made it to Bryant's, a Milwaukee staple.
Fantastic RT Who tried a new cocktail bar recently?
Where, and would you return?
Carl DeMaio plans to double arts and culture funding by increasing TOT ...but how?
I don't know how to work this, I just go with the flow  spell your last name wrong
Bosh you still suck!
NYSE Euronext Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 4.73 Yield
Hailey papas telling misterland he is beautiful..
Ha.
how do i make a place on four square?
Just got iPhone :
Also having a late summer whiskey list blow out!
Come get 50 off select whiskeys, bourbons, and scotches.
So new question is...whats everyone thats survivor fans watching now that Survivor isnt on tv?
this shit funny as hell...
I am my own boss.
Haha.
wonderful.
Is there a Starbucks or location that you would prefer at 2:00pm?
what a depressing article.
I gotcha...
What do you need?
Proud to say you all had my vote today for AD77 on Central Committee :
Playing tonight at elm hill tavern at 9.
Come hang with us!
imma feel stupid when i ask this , but what does  avi  mean ?!
haha very true
I don't think I like cookies anymore.
It's a miracle!
Tell me, is it as hard to look yourself in the eye as it is for me to?
And once again..
A little too short a little too late.
omg, just got an email that Anisette Brasserie is closing.
I am SHOCKED.
and sad.
A hat tip to the yotes and all their fantastic fans.
A long time coming and well deserved.
Hard to root against them.
Race for the Cure tomorrow morning!
Will be a great emotional day!
Follow for all the updates!
Not bein the next somebody ima be the first me KILLED that hoe bruh
love it!
Reading an article about Athlete superstitions  rituals.
Tiger Woods associates wearing red in final rounds with 'strength  assertiveness'
the last two eps were awesome it was the age of the FOREIGN PAINTER
These MF on the bulb they doing the dougie  
: Shoot me a text a few times during the day just to tell me that u missin me
Some things in life are out of your control.
You can make it a party or a tragedy.
you know keeping up with my schedule is not too easy...
but just easy enough
Thought I was getting to sleep at a decent time, guess not haha
Thank you for a great session!
Let me know when my check's ready RT Just got spammed to get free twitter followers.
I didn't realize I was paying for the rest
My thought exactly.
Like Spygate...
a lot of teams do it, but the truly arrogant get ballsy and get caught.
U gotta get wifed up first
cell phoneTexas on my plateson a 3 month restprofessorssors call it summer break
Get the Limo of your choice for your Sweet Sixteen!
Call today for a quote 619.225.8466
One more day!
I have the most amazing best friend ever.
It's gonna be the best summer ever...we'll get through everything together.
Come to Relic 2nyt...DJ Envy One  DJ CLO on the 1's and 2's all night...
Wishing everyone a great holiday weekend!
The Unicorn Staff
BITCH.
How dare they not notice!
You be looking fantastic :
Hearing rumors there's a new cage that's been invented for MMA.
It's a circle that has a 7 raise from center to cage  cage angles inward..
Started off the day with some Can't wait for the new ep
RT : The Colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances are that youll have a bad doctoram
on tap now: 2 hours of the music and productions of MF DOOM.
tune in til 1 am at wtju dot net or 91.1 fm, y'all!
and I'm not scared.
Light my candles in a daze 'cause I found YOU.
Kurt Cobain
Thank you to our departing seniors DeShawn Sims, Zack Gibson, and Anthony Wright!
Go Blue!
I use every morning and at all my book events for When Life Gives You O.J.
Q: Hey, , iPhone or Andoctorid?
A: iPhone 4Svoice assistant is essential for ClawedAmericans like myself.
: Let integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait for You.
Psalms 25:21
Great to meet you at the NAGGL conference!
Glad to see our popcorn was a success!
You may say that we popped the competition out of the bag!
How about the dead zone between Pierre's ears?
Thx for the mention!
Clash about to start
shoulda stopped and said hello!
But I think I was in MS..
You going to Eric church tonight?
omg im already exhausted from the work this week
A quant guy from Koch describes his dating and engagement in math terms?
Possibly the highlight of my week.
Other than Bberg typing lol.
Because it's fiscally irresponsible, and in tough times everyone needs to sacrifice.
The middle class has done it's fair share!
aight got ya
I fuck this white girl who got a pink Range who doctorves fast in the slow lanes.
ThingsICantStand when a dude like u but he wont tell u
It's Going Down...TONIGHT!
OG BOO DIRTY PERFORMING LIVE  ELEMENTS ULTRA LOUNGE.
SHOW STARTS  8  WE GOIN IN TIL DA WEE HOURS.
BE DERE
happy birthday, dee dee!
just wanted to give you a heads up that salesmen are completely unhelpful
love it  tasty and a great cause!
it seems Baltimore Bellys are in the winter!!!!!
Check out our updated website: www.creativerebellion.ca  We now offer high end PostProduction services including online editing!
Talk of magic makes me extremely uncomfortable.
Seems like we have enough of that with the religious right.
Everything's new, Prior.
Been so out oftheloop with swine flu news back home.
Lots of people wearing masks at the Singapore Airport.
Month of May will be song writing and recording month.
Stay tuned for snippets of new songs during the month!
June we begin our next tour.
Opens with Outside, encore is a freestyle, Break, then Lights Turned On
HOORAY FOR HOLLYWOOD oscars Great to have you Back in the doctorvrs seat.
well he hasn't been on for over a week or so and he sent me a dm saying he's leaving me
no!!!
Get your butt down to Fells Point!
!!!!
that's very thoughtful of you.
we hope to see you
Even my music slowed down!
easylistening?
RT : Is time at a standstill today?
WISH I WENT TO DAY GLOW!!!
Lmfaooo!
Yes I just thought that it could've been either way.
Oh, infinitely healthier  esp.
mental health!
RT : Please tell me that dirty houses are healthier, too.
:
Broncos got a wrestler best football players to doctorft, stud noce pick I hate you!
It's Valentine's Day?
I'd rather celebrate Taco Tuesday.
UHG, it hurts to talk.
i guess this is karma for never shutting up
elk grove!?
Jeez
At the SPArty you'll b able to try some of the different treatments that has to offer as well as meet tweeps IRL
42?
Ha!
Great answer, but I hope that's per window.
I commonly run one to two hundoctord across windows.
Wow!
71 hours a week?
You do need some rest.
What kinda store do you work at?
Gloriously beautiful day!
Now I am full of barbequed ribs!
nice!!
You should put in a good word for me ;
yes, that and a spoonfull of sugar!
What is up with the 6 helicopters over the silverlake reservoir pointing their lights to the sky????
inside a class, or which class/school?
I laugh at people who use the word socked
You know girls in this hell hole need to have some self respect for them selfs like what the fuck
Some of these African Men are so Yummy...
about to ride a camel : www.facebook.com/VivacityPhD for safari photos!
everyblackneighborhood has a misterFixit Junkie.
so so so so so good.
It was incredible.
Way cool!
IPA is using to deliver commentary to directors after the performances.
don't thank me for the follow when you stole my Jay away from me
Just not in North Carolina.
RT : No matter how bad you think your life is, remember, you could be married to Mitt Romney.
Calling all Austinites to Saxon Pub this Wednesday!
Walt Wilkins  9pm and my set is  11pm.
Come on down for some good times!
Charles Fey.
One thing I've learned on twitter about pro athletes: they are always watching sports.
All the time.
All types.
tim tebow will still win a game
Twittersphere, I'm afraid!
dl09za can't seem to login; getting a runtime error.
don't know how to join a team.
u run windows 7?
If true, I'm not saying that what was done was right and of course I feel bad for the person involved.
With that said....
Dane County Dispatch confirms a plane has crashed at the Dane County Airport.
No fluff stuff tonight, yall!
Guitars, singers, and songs..That's my kinda Whiskey Jam!!
If I weren't in just my third week of a new job, I'd most definitely be staying home tomorrow.
So much suckage.
Last night was basically Sal and I standing in various rooms telling stories to people, then sitting on the couch watching a muted film.
A substitute youth services position, so just the occasional shift here and there, but it's a start!
my birthday is on july4.ik its in2months.can u wish me a HbD?tat day?
I just ask some dude on Twitter to do me a favor  get me alil more followers.
His reply was How much am I paying?
Wowww
wow you tryna talk about but you cant spell nor say my name right ?
THATS FINE.
I've been following a former derby girl all this time and I didn't know it?
I went on Saturday and it was INCREDIBLE!
Can the feminist twitterers stop posting about the HungerGames as if its the most prog.
movie ever?
I don't want to unfollow you, really...
All Ima say is RollTide baby!
Lets get
Just discovered an Outlook rule that's been moving important messages to the wrong place for months.
Wonderful.
What a waste of time, he should be kicked out!
RT  RT : Wow.
Replay shows that Smotrycz didn't even touch him
what's good my dude good looks working like a dog.
Keep uo the good work holler at your boy
sorry about being a little Benedict Arnold.
Sipping on a hot cup of Tazo passion tea.
Its so good.
Not trying to impress you or anything but...
I can swim without floaties.
naw bro I'm live all night bt DM yo numba girl: bruh it's only 8:25 you take your old self to bed grandma
Note to self: tweet more libguides
this nigga got a twitter
Already can't wait for the massage after running Ragnar
Its about that time
The panini was...
poison :Q,..
This is truly a visual medium and need to hold folks interest with pictures
Dear God..
Thanks for this beautiful life and forgive me if I don't love it enough.
okay thats wassup !
Well i am at home on twitter .
sitting here watching house of payne ,
Here's to baseball, bowties and twitter.
Keep hacking away Joe.
:
cant wait for believe!
Its gonna be unBELIEVEable!!!!!
3 u
First20SongsOnShuffle 11.
Kiss And Control A.F.I.
IKnowYouBroke Cause you still buy AEROPOSTALE!
That's the city's time to rest!!!!
just returned from the 24hour apple store.
lots of folks even well past midnight.
Twitter is just a big game of is it racist
good morning beautiful!
mister fanelli because the bishop is coming and we have mass :/
thank you indeed!
Congratulations to Ryan Braun on the NL MVP, he really deserved it.
Thank you!
We're thrilled to be working together as well.
Big year ahead for us.
Megan Harris from Veterans History Project discusses military oral histories as social/cultural history
come get food from my house: 3
Happy cinco de mayo.
Be nice...and eat a burrito?
I am a role model.
My child watches me.
My neighborhood observes me.
My community counts on me.
This too is
Haha, same here!
Im still dying to know whats gonna happen with Rachel!
Went to California 2day for mothers day!
I love u mom!
happy to help
It was ok ppv
i got some weight on my shoulders to me it's like feathers
PeopleNeedToStop telling women their useful
That's right.
Maybe with DC metadata grasped in their talons.
yes, let us know what they say...xoxoxo
Then they excuse be I only listen to it for the bitches, yeah ight...
you're crazy Jac!
Payton's birthday was on Saturday.
Yep.
Looks like 10:40 out of CS on Wed.
awh thanks c:
cause when u smile, i smile!
:
I respect that....
Its not easy finding somebody that's gone be all the way 100 now days tho.
IM SO CONFUSED.
With all due respect to your point..a Top 5 Most Hated List IS all opinion..
see you then.
Last night living in the Dwight211.
What am I watching ?
Seripusly : Haha.
Bring earplugs.
It's so loud I can't even : I need to go there!!
Me  Why Are You Proud Of Me ?
Bestfriend  You Done Made It Through  Still Strong :
anything is better than Lily Hellpern or w.e
Putting champagne on ice for when Arpaio either: A.
Blows his head off B.
Gets thrown in jail C.
gets deported.
shoot me ur email.
We can work some business gee
So you're right, I truly struck gold!
Im so happy 2011 is here!
I got a new job last month and i start in a couple days!
Major League Baseball announced on Tuesday that La Russa will manage the National League squad in the 2012 AllStar Game
Networking or notworking?
Just got home from a late commercial audition for Universal Studios.
What a long day!
OMG thats so cute, was it the Blackberry bomb?
What is your touchdown dance going to be this year for the Gmen?
Fun time tonight...weekends are too fast.
Damn it stupid pen exploded allover my phone.
couldbeworse karma?
Doing homework and switching between Die Hard and The Sound of Music..
Hagai you do understand I'm highly pissed stop with insults the Hawks got robbed point blank period!
Connecting the Sciences  Humanities in meaningful ways
other pluses to ereaders: can change text size, link to other content videos, definitions, practice problems.
Happy Birthday Jetson!
Bout to be sitting on the throne tell them girls to get ready to pick my fruit and feed it to me
o bro
what's up......sorry I'm just getting this twitter sucks sometimes
Wow I will be on conference calls from 10:30am to 5pm tomorrow.
Shoot me now.
WHITE LOAFERS are a fail unless it's an all white or some shit lol
GET CHO ASS BACK ON
Don't worry, it's an order for my library, not for me.
I'm still giddy, though.
You saw that craziness sent too huh?!
Wait does the voice come on at 8:00 right?
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them?
DO U REMEMBER ME??
I showed u an email Susie sent me!!!!!!!
Wrestlemania 28 is Spectacular!
Miami does it best!!!
I vow to be in MetLife Stadium April 7,2013 for Wrestlemania29!
Finishing up the color correct of Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie for our April 19th Tribeca premiere.
Wake up 10 minutes before the alarm clock rings.
Go back to sleep just for 5 minutes.
Wake up 2 hours later.
Are you taking bets?
I'd put some  on one two hours late, and more  on one never showing up.
They cheap ass weave b sew in.......
let the games begin.
Is that the one you found in algebra?!
I'm usually hard to hold on to..3
E EU I'M FROM RUSSIA
The greatest mistake a man can make is to be afraid of making one.
Elbert Hubbard
because 1 never saw it and 2 mainly because all of TiVo is full of shows we watch together
the bo was due to jealousy :
Fifth round of golf of the year after work tonight.
Who said March weather in Chicago wasn't any fun?!
Going to the music store.
Yaaaay
say mi was bout tew get in 3 fights luv :
Good day for golf
Glad I got afternoon class tomorrow.
Emergency crews practise road rescues
That's your mission, isn't it?
es un mama Tubos el impact
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
Joseph Campbell.
Makenna Flory is the best bus seat buddy ever!
Last day of AGBT.
Genomics Studies morning session about to get under way.
Happy birthday to the U.S.
Marines!
Thank you for your 236 years of service!
Even if I'm not collaborating in a doc, just making it visible can be good motivation, esp.
for something like
Decided to get a scooter....
can you say Flower Power!
:
Loving the mild weather
Congrats Adam!
hahaha yeah cuz you're pretty far from 2 white boys I mean....
Let's be real here.
chill she was on me lol
classic RT : Jerry Maguire.
Show me the MONAYYYYY!!!
It's weird, though.
I like social media...but I don't like people very much.
:
Why am I still up!!!!!
I got so much to do 2marrow so happy to be in my home town.
thank the Lord!
off to parent meeting  daughter's school
BEST DAY EVER on set : love love love acting :
S/O to all my trap niccas!
Yes, it's unfortunately too loud during carbonation.
No soda making in the middle of the night.
Emily Procter fans.
Tonight take please the opportunity to tweet Max to ask if Emily has recieved our Valentines gift!!
Please
what are you doing in NOLA?
NOLA is one of the best cities in the world!
I use to love there and miss it lots.
Were back in Atlanta for the Week, Who Wants to Get a Shoot on the Books...

Those are second tier...
but good ones.
Girls get here soon!
We take the LAST girl at 4pm SHARP!
Hurry!
Don't Forget your student ID!
crazy delayed but thanks babe
XD that would be pretty liberal
That is all it takes...
One small shift in the chains...
Hear them rattle...
Then you are not blind to it anymore.
Continued next tweet
Digging through thousands of online reviews...
Sure is!
Testimonials great for moving forward business, acquiring new customers.
Leverage existing social stories.
Sitting by the fire and sipping some hot peppermint tea.
Nice and toasty.
who wants to be next?
:o you b lame lyke me too?
Summer will never end.
your habits are vehicles to your daily success
: i LOVE wwe , ive been a fan a long time.
my favorite is santino lmao, andd Kofi Kingston.
those are just right now of course
Please.
This was not a mere gaffe : Limbaugh has issued apology to Sandoctor Fluke: My choice of words was not the best...
SpareMe
Cardinals game today at 1:00pm.
Best seats in the house is our house at Fox Sports Grill.
happy trails!
Listening to TheSaturdays while doing hw!
: I want their new album!!
We need to get them popular in the US!!
I'm thinking a feline would be a good addition to the Sarigianopoulos household!!
New rolling whiteboards at the HS/HSL.
Pull them over to your study area and give them a try.
Hello , Plz DM us  provide an email addoctorss for an exciting opportunity centered around Cloud in San Francisco.
Thnx!
: Portlandia.
Next stop Voodoo Doughnuts.
Man vs Food.
...I want em soo bad bring back home!
Follow if you tell yo mamma jokes!
That's what I thought, I wanna get one!
I really wanna start shooting shows.
But yeah the more the better!
Haha
That moment when you realize that one of your friends is a bigger tool than you ever thought they would be.
but you need both sides to balance or with just unions you'd have, well...San Diego
I'll tell you when Adele performs :
In 10 days I will be...
I jus scared the shit outta that lady.
.
.oops my bad
Don't forget its EXTREME SUMMER time at M Salon!
Click on the Enter To Win tab to the left for your chance to win a HUGE Summer MakeOver!
YOU.
MAKE.
ME.
WANT.
TO.
KILL.
SOMEONE.
If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
Henry Ford
RT Dentist chair...
At times it's nerving...
this guy!
Practicing for that stand up routine?
I'm Belgian and German but I don't guzzle beer and sauerkraut everyday lol
I asked my honey to pick me up a shake at jack in the box on his way home and he didn't......I may not need it but I wanted it......
I'm not going anywhere exotic for SB.
But, it will still be a good one!
fasho...
Haha nigga you know where I'm at lol just been busy networking all day everyday...
You ever comin to Cali bro?
Absolutely agree RT : Goldoctorsh narrator is a little too doctormatic tonight.
Still my favorite Friday night show : 
Your welcome.
The only place I have been is to Waverly so I love seeing pics of other places.
Gwyneth, per usual.
waiting for app store approval now.
Andoctorid app is out.
Just ordered a large bacon piazza!
For me and my lil sis.
I frickin' love bacon piazza!!
:D
...The Flyers rookies defeated the Capitols rookies not only on the scoreboard but also by out skating them and destroying them in brawls.
AUSTIN I LOVE YOU!
Show some Love 2 Texas again though Ihavent met you  ur all over the world now I'm so proud of you though
Joy 2 u
I have to say, most of you restaurants paying a PR agency are throwing your money away.
So you agree with Becker that public subsidies are a bad idea for college?
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldnt jump with them, but Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Mama Mahone is lucky cz he has Perfect son P
...
EXERCISE, even a little bit will help.
You eat every day, so MOVE every day.
...
Your WeightLoss Coach
livegive same here and that sounds good period!!!
man im hungry!!!!!:
it would be awesome if you followed me back cause then I could use the excuse that I died so I couldn't write my history paper
Second Benlysta treatment was a snap.
Yay!
History professorssor
God made Coke, God made Pepsi, God made Joe Jonas so damn sexy...
Does more visibility online mean we give up some of our freedom?
Everyone is right.
And that's why we all must keep fighting.
Srsly.
thank u
dollhouses for toddlers
Bob Newhart Laughter gives us distance.
It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
As always, it is a blessing to hear the angelic voice of Ms.
!
U sounded amazing Hun!!
Maybe she just has a gasstation fetish?
Ooh awesome!
:D Who do you think has done best so far?
WEEKEND BOUND....
That would be us!
RT : Did someone say Pulled Pork???
:
And the street code is not international..lol
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Yule and to anyone that doesn't believe Happy Sunday.
not to be confused with Twister!
from the producers of BATTLESHIP starring Rihanna and the kid from 2.5 men
So glad you enjoyed it!
Hope to see you next time!
RT : Great event this morning!
So glad I was able to go!
Happy Birthday, Jacob.
:
woa that's gorgeous!
just went to hawaii for my first time recently and it was uhmazing.
have a blast karen!
I've seen stage directions like closes laptop or looks around but whispering might need its own characters.
whispering?
I think I also saw a bunch of people riding a giant teetertotter near Could that be true?
Too tired to dbl chk.
Contributions to the juke box?
Springsteen's Santa Claus is Coming to Town and Maneater.
I'd call tonight a success.
Why are mosquitos religious ?They prey on you !
Is anyone watching the Carmello Anthony rape trial?
Hey Tweet friends, just doctorpping in...
Watching Maury it's a crazy topic as usual lie detector, and cheaters!
The blackout curtains in this hotel work just a little too well.
nobody's perfect..
: how have you been doing Rokaya?
what have you been up too?
I've been good, hbu?
And nothin really u?
Daily GTKY question: What cartoon character best describes you?
This one is for Robin Renee Ray
im gonna be mature and not swear at you.
hoe.
i won.
Also, thank the heavens for  keeps me sane in the T8 weeks.
And if anything I said offends you, I won't apologize.
That's your conscience telling you what you're doing  what you should be doing.
thanks Jim.
Always a blast with those guys.
aww nice thank u pretty girl
This is probably compounded by crossAtlanticnesshe wrote a zillion muchloved childoctorn's books here.
You're very clever, young man, very clever, said the old lady.
But it's turtles all the way down!
Hahah do you ever wonder why you havent died yet hahahahah
I hate the fact tjat and are really watching mary kate and ashley movies and so into it
Thank u for Rt!
TRUTH RT : I miss Mariano already.
I haven't been to Raisin Canes in years.
What are you needing?
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
RT:if you want to chill
Yeah, they claim I battered 'em..
I did put my hand on one of the cops guns after they'd tazed me the 2nd time, but...
Please help us get the word out about  bringing hope  joy to childoctorn in need for 22 years!
Thanks Nick for the follow!
RT This is a A and B conversation so C your way out before D jumps over E and Fs you up like a G
This movie on B.E.T.
is retarded and it haven't ever started yet
Cinco de Mayo  Luminaria in San Antonio today!!
thanks for the follow and support Scotty the siamese twins album does rock check out if your in the chi
Are you going to any shows before the end of the year?
I'm gettin' doctornk but I'd much rather be somewhere with you
When that guy said stop tweeting for 10 hours he didn't mean 3 days!
Where's the strobe light or alarm?
D:
learning about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elem school program 4 low socio eco schools LA
What.
A.
Day.
protect yourself at all times
Sweet!
Won a pitcher of beer at in a trivia contest.
Nice.
I'm assuming that you sent that from some sort of alternate astral plane.
Well, hoping.
He was soo loud.
I make my nephew watch this with me too, lol
yeah...
look me up in google then we can chat there
Are you an expert squirter?
I will never not love listening to the Spice Girls.
Look fwd to it!
RT See you today on the Bridal Tweet Chat!
Reno!
We are looking for new sponsors everyday for musicians!!!
who you trying to stalk?
would of left the cutest text.
RT : I deserve it!!!
LolI LOVE Seeing WOMEN get pampered and yes you do!!
It's KatySmurf Perry.
Photoshop Tip: Follow up to my previous tip, you could also create an action for flipping an item and assign it a quick key.
LOADED BASES!
Brewers can do this.
Good morning everybody.
Coffee is brewing and we're excited about the artwork getting finished last last night on our new project.
Thanks for the follow Pooh!
Psssh..
Who needs to keep it as a pet when you can just follow random turtles near the pond?
nice kite!
New Era Caps .....www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com best damn fitteds......
Local Music Thursday is ON !
Lots of new tunes to check out, and more on the way!
Grab a cup of Joe and enjoy listening!
don,t know what you are saying
That moment when you can't stop RTing 's tweets !
3 3 3
Wat type of shit is that...
LiveAreaLabs enthusiastically welcomes Neil Nylander, former Director of Delivery Management at Razorfish, today as President!
Ya can't sue Joe because he was a Jackson long before Micheal was
OH: you would make a terrible therapist.
chew slower big boy...
she is in major need of some Head  Shoulders
why your freezer look like the ice cream truck?
Lol
Swag, swag, swag on Niall.
Chilling by the couch as I'm carrying his first child.
Rj Lieferman I'm so proud of you
Hey there, DY.
How did the New Play Festival go?
Where you happy??
Goodnight, !
Have a good rest :
lol mte.
still creeps me out a bit tho
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to to say hello  so he knows you're here!
understandable.
I have no ties to Brooklyn I was all jersey so I have some decisions to make.
it was an honor having you in Lubbock, TX.
Thank you for speaking your heart.
Because I'm a glutton for punishment I'm tuning in to the Setting my expectations low....
Ben, thx a lot man.
Been a pretty crazy year.
Gone through a lot.
Hustled hard to finish senior year tho...
finals are a wrap
Right now would be a great time for everyone to give me your best Zen tips...
Instead of making a wish for 111111, make one come true.
Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a hungry child in
Go and Get It..
By All means....
Since my early teen years...
Shit not New to Me...
so i have a stalker now lol
The history channel produces some of the most annoyingly stylized, shamefully edited, and repetitious documentaries I have ever seen

true words
yeah they sound a little boring.
I guess I wouldn't know though because I've never done them hahah.
mister Sandman, you suck.
Nowhere to be found when I need ya!
Tomorrow 3rd ward
two can play that game hun, get checked before you talk shit.
i ALWAYS have shit to say back.
don't play.
Messi need I say more?
cl champions league
Hi Kim!
So I have this great Evening Mag segment idea for you but can't find contact info.
What's the best way to reach you?
There is one study I know of which shows that exercise does mitigate some of the effects of the saturated fat
Trying to catch up on what I missed
Notice how and all the other scum who commit usage of the word slut are mysteriously unable to counter women's logic.
All this soccer in the rain is killing my immune system ...
or lack there of.
I'm listening!
Last couple days in the Bay Area ...
Studio tonight!
Back in Atlanta next week.
when in doubt dance your way out :D
but baby!!
:b you were in like Greece or something when we were fil
Follow back sweetheart :
Studying on one of the last days of spring break is not ideal.
Wish we could've been there, but we'll definitely pop up under your radar soon :
Happy Full Moon!!
Last night I watched a movie called one Week what would you do if you had one week to live?
I Am Dixie Highway.
Good talk with soontobe jschool grad Future of journalism is in good hands.
: I love that idea.
That said, I'm busy till about six.
Can we do after or do you work?
A fun Friday phrase: You shall know a word by the company it keeps.
I love git but sometimes feel like its messages are intentionally mysteriouse.g.
Merge made by recursive.
when merging after cherrypick.
.
I think doctorpal is too much tool.
Out of nowhere the kid asks me if teenage elephants call each other penisface on the schoolyard.
Who hit the Winter switch?
thanks for the links, would prefer digital files, if you can send them.
thanks!
Les
just post it, please.
Just realized that Janikowski put up 23 fantasy points tthis week...And I had him benched for Akers.
Alabama Jacks for conch fritters!
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !
You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song sounds amazing!
3
this little game we play..
vania nobody is really tweeting you!
hahahaha!
I could just kick myself for never finishing clown college.
I was one balloon giraffe away!
I love you too.
Come back to me, little potato.
has come such a long way from one time to boyfriend..
love the new song:
Religious Education.
BTW, I told Joel about his nose!
; I feel really embarrassed!
Learnin how to be a proper fijian woman...
Ie how to cook
just finished composing the message.
it'll be going out this afternoon.
Warming up for Tonight ;
There's not enough rain in Oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house.There's not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
we are excited to bring it to market
Trying that new Extra Rootbeer Float flavored gum...yup.
I'm off the hook on a Saturday night in Htown ;
Hide out on TaxDay at the in !
We're cooking up comfort food just 4 you!
Thanks for the FF mention, Matt.
one change to tomorrow.
Are u home to update event?
Just finished the screening of Luv.
was fantastic!
The lady two seats down talking thru the movie, not so much.
i think should come to germany....so i can meet him:
the AVN Awards were on and I missed them?
sigh.
and I always will no matter what either baby  you make me the happiest and my day brighter
by me!
some victims of humantrafficking have their organs harvested!
Help us stop this tragedy, sign up as a member, donate your time!
1 of those days.
Onto story 3.
RPD identify body found in river as missing man Alonzo Williams.
Going 2talk2 a his pastor  family now.
We wanna see Instagrams.
Enjoy!!
Food is so tempting right now.
this nigga smoking in the lobby on his site !
Thanks for coming and for helping spread the word!
i'm stepping my shit up, guys.
just wait and see...
what happened to yall last night?
It was a blast.lol
Did you know there is a justin bieber singing toothbrush...
It is actually brilliant
yeahh you are every intimidating
Just proclaiming the truth.
In this month's , Ernest Moniz makes an argument for small modular nuclear reactors to meet clean energy needs.
So I called that number Sean Kingston posted and it went to voicemail but the voicemail was full.
Lol.
When people scream in my ear
Bonus GeekTrivia question: Who was the actress who played Harley Quinn in the live action TV series Birds of Prey?
Thanks to all new followers,
You are welcome, Jon Stewart.
why does looks like Mollie Sugden at the ERedCarpet ?
Don't Be Mad Cause I Treat Your Man Better Than You Do:
Omg this weather is so cold.
Operation move to somewhere tropical is in full force now.
I'll do anything, ill go to korea if I have to
I've tried getting a hold of both Brittany  Julia.
Give me your number so we can talk about everything.
Thinking is heavily endorsed.
Mal Pancoast
C'mon man!
lol.
I'm imaging the resume literally says recurring role on major show.
training: studied a lot w/ best teacher ever.
Jus woke up
Congrats to everyone that paid taxes through the lotto..your governments appreciate it
As Atlanta's events came to a close this morning, I am now off to celebrate The doctorma Years in my home town, Albany, GA!
I couldn't me...
sound super smart!
Marking this day down as the first time a PR person called to say, I wanted to outreach you.
well that's just silly.
; PS I got your vm.
I'll call you back ASAP.
I've been completely stressed since Picnik closed, but now that I've discovered , all is well w/ the world again!
Thx
Hear the meaning within the word.
William Shakespeare
RT : One man, one wife, says Romneywhose greatgrandfather had five wives, and greatgreatgrandfather had 12
The sweetest thing about him is how he curls up with me at night!
Then gets pissed when a pug steps on him

I gave up the spread wit the packers but  first I ml them smdh
Were you at one of our fun and fantastic book signings?
Check out our recent author event photos and tag yourself!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I'm so fuckin dead
I'm on twitter
all of the time!
evaluating social media: what does success mean?
Will vary according to purpose, usage, audience.
It's margarita time TONIGHT at 6 pm at , 1421 University Ave.
20 gets full taco bar, margarita  sodas.
All journos welcome!
Having a good day today :

stupid people can really ruin your mood
come back!
West Mantooth is the of news anchors.
This is among our most British Parlimentary traditions...
doctorzzle on a salad no need for anything else!
RT : Thanks Amy!
How are you planning to use the balsamic?
Aww thanks.
Yeah we haven't talked much.
SCHS dance team wins National Ameridance Championship.
Congratulations to ALL dance team members!
Ready to take these contacts out..
JasonStatham is a hottie.
But what's with all the violence in Safe?
Should've been called bullet diarrhea!
Help make a 9 year old's doctoram come true.
Trend
Headed to
RT If you think should win the grammy for Best Album Of The Year
Teaching CS: Marianne Hansen: Blackboard not liked by students for collaborative exhibit curation project

agreed!
He sounded like he'd been sippin' on something lolBH
I've found a ticket to the world
Love the blog.
Congrats on starting it.
The wish the 4 of us were able to get it going like we spoke about.
Good luck!
it seems when I create my own tweets I gain followers and when I retweet other messages, I lose followers.
How come?
Being the captainin of a rec league soccer team is like being playermanager of a 12th Division soccer team, if that division existed
Harris: Recalling campaign polls putting her at 6 in SF DA race.
Heard this part of speech before, but still inspiring.
Started juicing again and got a reminder of how important it is to put good fuel in your tank.
I feel alive!
Everything is crackling.
I'm on it.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
The darkest hour never comes in the night...
Salsa Saves Lives: Enjoy free food samples and water while you spend time with the pets.
Saturday, May 5th, 10am2pm.
Leap and the net will appear!
Just be  don't act, just look someone straight in the eye, dance and don't be afraid to miss a step!
: Our Hawks are headed to the Insight Bowl.
Nice playing today and GoHawks.
Go hawks!
Urban Meyer: My health is in good shape.
of course I was watching it live!!!
George always has a method for his madness, I trust him.
time to make the donuts
I've scouted a place here that has gum trees set up not unlike I've seen them in Australia on google street view, outside cities...
There are over 3035 epipens in her school....two sit at the table....one on Gold days:
We are on schedule for the launch of eBidjob in less than 2 months.
Also if you need any tree work in ATL 7703104650 Thanks Jeff Beeler
Movie recommendation is Dan Arkroyd in Trading Places
hey there 'Content cowgirl' : This is so belated but wanted to personally thank u for attending FredNMT content mkt session
Jean Claude Van Damme tried to grow a beard like He became known as Seth Rogen
Will someone not be with their significant other or not be 21 with me?
thats dope , i krump to .
And rap : we have stuff in common .
Lol
It's been raining for a week.
I love the rain but it would be good if it stopped.
Missing the sunny days.
My pleasure, Thanks to u
aye if any of my followers tryna hit me up do it on here g my shit gone
Welp, the Flyers are done, might as well plan your trip to join the GREEN LEGION parade in New Orleans for MNF 11/5
Looks like the author is making a statement about the separation of church  state, not vouchers  terrorism.
cool if I use douchpuddles?
New one to me.
Im not sure did she have like surgury when she was a puppy.?
Of course I'm on one of the trains that gets stuck cus some idiot has his truck on the tracks and gets hit.
This day is like never ending :
That was NFL officiating in a nutshell this year in the NFL, where have you been lol?
RT That was a terrible call.
Now that we know Apple is open to apps that cure what should we really cure?
Ignorance?
Greed?
Smallmindedness?
Presents great app opps!
Who wants to get a group together and paint McGinn's house Galaxy Gold tomorrow?
Boxwire BizTip: When it comes to good customer service....well done is better than well said.
Spike Lee enters LIU gym for NEC final vs.
Robert Morris.
Dan Bridges should thank u.
Before today I'd never heard of INDPLS Recorder.
Ur 'fan blog' helped get his dying paper free pub
What the  are all these UL fans talking about, saying UK fans are vandalizing the Yum!
center?
You all have camera phones.
Pictures???
oh yeah no problem lol
Hearing about the River Stories project over lunch.
thanks!
we're in NYC RT : Great concept!
Where are you based?
Getting ready to go for a walk with Hannah and
Guess what!!!!!!
DJ E Square is back tonight at 7pm......
C what the sun bring you!
A Mature and Sexy Waterfront Party!!!!!
doctornk Specials!!
not me.
Straight up on the floor, using my backpack as a pillow.
Need.
Sleep.
Soon...
no.
it's the brain.
You can't transplant it.
I knowww my pic has been in the paper twice this week
Proud to have just pimped to the crew SXSW  Layngo is a must have
Listening to 23rds at hurricane patty's.
Nice Sunday evening!
i spit dope tracks n stack cash ,sippin da flask doctorppin in swag,ive dealt toe tags ova brown paypa bags, got 2 mags and 2 gats in 2 hands.
i'm on my way
Bachmann wimps out of dual citizenship?
She seemed so honored only a short time ago.
Now that would be nice!
:
Started watching Oz.
The AllState mayhem guy showed up.
Finally, there's a chance I can see him stabbed.
Jealous.
RT : The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is CLOSED today, Monday December 13, due to severe weather.
Yeah bro you killed that mug man!
Great weekend everyone!
Medallion Press is creating something really cool for readers of The Jake Helman Files.
Why ?
Because there's an app for that!
Are you stupid?!?!
This was such a subtle way of saying: send me good stuff to read about Battlestar Galactica.
Sundance!??
Praying and crossing fingers
I'm getting ready for the concert in Germany this summer!:
In honor of Arts  Humanities Month, visit a historic home near you.
A 57 year old man said Ariana is sexy.
No, just no.
Stop right now, thats inappropriate now go back to your old folks home grandpa
me too lovie!!!!
Wednesday date from now on?!
:
BREAKING!
Reports of a few cows tipping over and the only shed at the epicenter of the quake in Virginia straightening up a bit.
We have great rates on Landscaping Businesses.
Call me 3039221001 or email me at
Gorgeous day at the Farmers Market!
9noon : Come get your yummy fresh local produce
Greg: Hey paul pierce nice talking to ya lol
what the hell???
I am literally about to fall asleep.
Please just give me some doctorgs and get this over with.
Nice, simple MCA tribute moment; well played
A beautiful chilly day in Central Fl.
Everboy is going fishing  i'm just workin
either way lebron did step up clutch wise but I'll still give to wade any day
love you so much : I no its really scary
Watching is THE highlight of my day.
i feel like following random people on this account:
The MTV Awards Dissed Breaking Dawn Part I
Sexual violence on campuses is NOT going away, start a risk assessment on your campus to measure the danger.
Lol at the girls that go to my school still and got a happy mothers day card.
save em for me
Glee time!
I'm the definition of procrastination.
These ladies cracking me up!!!
Hey Boston
break a leg!
I'm quite informed thank you very much; I just have a different opinion than you.
And I don't care what you consider me.
We loved having you there Jillian!
Thank you so much for coming.
Hopefully you enjoyed it!
:
Beirut quoting from bad NY Times review and showing the dismantling of the project afterward.
Big typographical type can startle.
My neck is going to be sore tomorrow :c
So great meeting you!
Looking forward to seeing the video as well.
Stay tuned.
:
Home from competition.
I invested in 7 teams...
4 I planned to and 3 that change my mind today.
Didn't invest in 1 planned.
This crowd hates deputy superintendent Phil Stover even more!
He's the guy who has to say which schools are recommended for closure
Maria Elena Durazo: LA labor's challenge is charting a course to shared prosperity or else a repeat of 1992
Thanks so much!!
Are you a cat whisperer.
Sure thing!
:
UR FUCKING SEXY!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
BIGGEST FANS FROM NEW YORK!!!!
Working tomorrow.
All you dayglow people come into the tilted kilt!!
geraldorivera can suck my hoodie.
Ready by 21 National Meting in Nashville focusing on changing the odds for all youth
just did
Only if u know how I feel..
have a feeling to you back
SUMMER/FALL
TRAFFIC: Crash  Hwy 12 just north of the Badger Army Ammo plant
New Years Baking!!!!!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!:
I'm going to count the number of times I wanna scream: are you fcking kidding me?!?
Any bets on the overunder?
i need your support for this fan page.
THANK YOU.
Hope you've updated the Foursquare venue ;
What I think of first / when I read your poetry / is that you can't count.
Nice tribute to Whitney Houston, may she RIP
They do.
But in all fairness to MLB, who wants to handle a warm cup of urine?
Blech.
wow we have 215 followers right now.how convenient.make sure 2 cum vote 4 us in the finals  the bbc on sat.
nite may14th.winner plays sfest
Just started media center.
Tony in now!
Centrally located,
Multiple studies have determined that changes to transfer laws haven't enhanced public safety
Follow My Younger Brother For GREAT Relationship Advice !!
All we are saying is give peace a chance, among other things.
Dec8 99
Apr 27, 2006 ...
An industry group estimates illegal immigrants cost California hospitals 800 million a year.

How you tell me I can't be a star when my Father made the Solar System  any body seen Blessed  Cursed?
Booked a COMMERCIAL for ZAPPOS!
I am recruiter with Third Screen Talent.
I am currently looking for a contract RoR developer.
Are you open to new gigs?
Hahaha omg!
There is like only 5 couples on the dance floor dancing a slow song, and the cameraman is still fliming..the ballroom is empty..
Everyday I just keep Wong reminded of how blessed I am.
We serve If that sentence doesnt fill you with happiness and warmth, then youve never had Stumptown Coffee.
Top Gear BBC is so much better than the US version.
I'm totally hooked.
Atlanta here I come...
PRODUCING MUSIC  DIRECTING VIDEOS HMU IM NOT EXPENSIVE SOME NIGGAZ IS JUST CHEAP  I CHARGE FA VERSES
I kinda like this girl; aha
omg thats my house....
not lmao maybe it is!
;
Decibal fest at neumos: overwhelmingly male audience.
Virtually no one dancing.
Happy birthday!
Have fun!
gig carefully
ok no comment on that, luckily the cast has twitter so whatever they are doing i'm with them
They're a machine.
Going to be a tough out for whoever gets them.
how 'bout El Paso and HD75 do the similar?
encouraging to see universal inclassroom breakfast,  100 participation in Detroit schools as we launch NoKidHungry Michigan yesterday
you're following the wrong folks on instagram then.
yes.
a cat of any age heeding a human falls into the miracle category.
Bills never stop nor don't the grind
fair enough.
I see your Mikki Moore 18 footers and raise you runningtheoffensethroughJeremyTyler.
Not impressed with the new twitter layout.
Looks too facebookey.
Stupid.
Weekend in Westport...lots of writing to do for Nov/Dec issue.
Nice to have a quiet wknd though, esp after the craziness of last week!
I love my Comfy sweater, i love my Comfy sweater.
How cute are these boots?
How cute are these boots?
I know me too!!!
Goal Tyler Seguin.
Game 7 in Boston
we've never seen all doctorftees prerookie season play in the NBA.
We did.
Sorry we didn't get to see you guys there, but we enjoyed your episode
One hour until family time and me with no violent scenes to write.
Bad planning on my part.
peaceful stuff.
I'll regret this.
Tears  it is the liquid that pours out why some of the eye, when pressed into your soul
or: Donald Trump acts like a douche...again
He loved and loves you so much sweety!
Our God is an awesome God.
Thanks for the follow
GRIND Bold is Blue Heeler.
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
she's on the Wendy show right now
i got a new phone people.
doctorp me a direct message with your number in it.
i wanna make sure i have the right number for you.
Good morning twitter!
Studies at Dupont and General Mills, which implemented comprehensive wellness education and programming, found 14 to 19 reductions in abs
Washington liquor ballot measure passes tonight.
When does the giant warehouse open in Vancouver?
Raoul ZernaLove The Things You Do with a remix from Bryan Cox available on Beatport December 14th
GOAL: to stay offline the entire holiday weekend.
What is your prediction for my success rate?
Kristen Wiig is lovely.
And I know my heart os longer mine 3 I love you Ikaret
I'm freaking Hot!!!
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Begin it now.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
I want to make IfIWasPresident a trending topic
I will happily take all the cocktails
i got
Don't let the name fool you.
We're the largest Hunter Douglas blinds/shades dealer in Central Ohio!
Stop in to see why!
Aguliera moves LoL but I have to be somewhat seductive Ahahhaha can't believe I'm actually thinking bout this LoL.
Thanks for the note.
I'm going to mention it to the Blogging  Social Media editor.
I just saw a couple get engaged randomly in front of the post office.
A hip bike guy turned to me  asked if that just actually happened.
About to die of awesome old and rare book overload!!
I LOVE this conference!
Sprint network...not my bestfriends these days ....
Grr
I really should be doing my essay...
Thank you so much!
What email addoctorss should I send the script to?
With much gratitude, Matthew Ethan Davis
As I Lay Snacking
taught me to NeverSayNever and to fight till forever 3
Just bought Nat and Alex's new Cd Black Sheep
Absolutely great this evening.
I did more work accomplished in the last 60 than all of last week combined
ASTD2012 Be aware you may lose content on the astd app when using the note feature.
imsofuckedup i think im writing hilarious facts
I have no friends, seriously
Fake people talk about other people being fake while real people worry about their own business and nobody else's.
Anyone wanna talk?????
At Ground Zero Blues Club in Clarksdale, MS!
Loving it!
You killed it at Moombahton Massive!
what was the last song you played?
It went 'bass' right before I was swimming in sub?
I need Prometheus to be in theaters like right goddamn now.
Enough with the waiting already!
aw im sorry hope you feel better!
But its ok me too...ever since school started for me i stopped getting on
Lets get
On my way to avon
lebronhairlinethemesong trending lmao.
I've always like how Bron's headbands have moved progressively up his forehead as his hair recedes
me, dip fuck
Covert symptoms into a solution.
Headed to Pasadena for the CincoDeMayo festival
miss u
: Awh, thanks Chuck!!
: you are wonderful
I doctorw you the cutest thing in the whole world.
Who is in Tampa this weekend?
Come to our Community Conversations event so we can connect!
follow now.
4
You wish what .
That you never met me ?
Never loved me ?
Never asked me out ?
Well guess what .
.
.
off until monday, so excited!!
Teething is seriously the worst thing in the world.
And it is probably not the worst it will be for Ada.
I'm doing well and I'm glad I helped in making your day.
Enjoy the rest of it.
Get great rates on our Blink 182 concert limobus to see My Chemical Romance live at the Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre this Thursday.
Hi Fran  how can I get a green Sky cap?
My blue one from 2010 TdF is out of date!
Thanks!
no Please don't do it again
what kind of cheese is that and what is the black stuff?
Happy New Year everyone!
Happy to share it with you....
I enjoyed it, although at times it didn't call to me and I put off picking it up.
I love yard sales!
Just got 26 cacti, 6 other plants, and a plant stand for 45.
in the panel  bisnow DC Future of Mobility
Did you know that a ghost spirit is standing behind you?
Turn around and look at that ghost spirit.
Can you see it?
loll I guess.
Question: guy or girl?
Srry to be rudee
and the graphic nature...lots I had never heard about/considered lmao
GOT MY TICKETS IN THE MAIL TODAY!!!
:D SUPER PUMPED.
The Marx Bros.
Duck Soup is lol hilarious!
So many great jokes!
Anyone know why it's called that?
Is it the scene when they all look alike?
Hurry up!
Beers getting warm!
Donald Trump must be desperate to contact the newsrooms to claim responsibility for the death of Osama.
Sorry mister Trump, your direct line...
Wow...
Just wow RecallWalker very impressed by the citizens of Wisconsin.
what apple should do with its cash pile sparking type of hopeful speculation usually reserved for its products, which usually underwhelm
Got an id and registered for classes.
Guess i'm in grad school now.
what's up stranger
Reminder: we offer low fat, no sugar added and no sugar flavor options.
It's important to treat yourself right.
Making myself some homemade chicken broth soup...
Haters make you stronger bruh
Stressed is desserts spelled backwards.
The three great fundamentals to achieve anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, sticktoitiveness; third, common sense.
the fact that i just choked this bitch ;
heading to zingers w/my luv  friendz!!!
; party mode: ON!!!
OMGOMGOMG bro, I was out shopping with my mom tuesday when I looked at the clock it was 8.
I missed dance.
I do think we get..
Huntsman needs serious consideration as the only GOP candidate with substance, experience and leadership.
A good showing in NH a must.
I need more caffeine
: deletemynumberif you text me twenty times and I still don't reply.
Because I promise I've already deleted yours.
Hes EVERYBODYS baby daddy, just mystically
Seriously, pants are optional.
FINDING OUT WHO I AM
When you don't know it was someones birthday because they didn't have balloons attached to their backpack..
RT : Don't be ashamed!
Everyone hates their CMS.
Ha!
true, trying to interpret Spanish can be easier at times
Check your twitter messages.
will there be a hospitality area for individuals with floor seating this year
I've been watching everything
Sold out!
Bought tickets on Fandango.
Now it's a race against time to get to White Marsh by midnight.
Note to me and stef: always try on bandeaus before purchasing.
62 pages into the 3Day novel contest.
I won't finish obviously but I feel better about this work than any other so far.
Ch  Ch Bow!
Now you niggas heard about the youngin.
seeing ed sheeran today, hung out with the guy i like yesterday and we're hanging out again on wednesday, leaving thursday for california...
Currently surrounded by Giants fans at my Uncle's.
Guess I'll go along with them and root for the GMen,lesser of two evils.
okay its time for another taco lbs
ain't this the truth!
can you quote a price on oil/transmission oil change?
01 Dodge Ram 1500 V8 4x4.
laying down , listening to music , wyd ?
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Richard Branson
You guys have skills and swag loving you dance moves!!!
u hoopin today
everyone fighting about Selena and Justin breaking up.
Yah they didn't break up he didn't cheat on her Stfu and FOCUS ON
you get my voicemail?
Lmao
He Better Than Based Fag
Leaving the phone at home.
Learned my lesson with twitter and with doctornk texts.
There was an earthquake in the region of Spain where I taught English last year.

You have to doctoram before your doctorams can come true.
Abdul Kalam
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my inspiration
Whats poppin.
Lets get to these M'!
Can you please follow me?
: thanks
Who are you and what have you done with the G Hursh I know?
RE: Snowfall  Have faith!
;
mark my word..Laker vs heat in the NBA finals...
Hey Natalie, we're based in Denver, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
Follow our Denver account
You think you real cute huh?
...
Looking like Raspatia!
Ha
Thanks for including us!
:
it's a lot easier to catch a story when you're ahead of it.
Brooks Thomas, Southwest Airlines
hey!
I actually have an apartment off campus next year.
Did you pick yet?
Watching Good Burger
LOVE this!!!
Our holiday show will be a blast from our past The salvation of Iggy Scrooge first produced by the Unicorn in 1997.
Dis Napoleon Dynamite Show Need 2 Come On..
i need to talk abby!
NOT HAVE SEX !
lmao seriously though .
i miss you.
Just for you Fiber makes me sad
i love to have something in common with a boy its a great feeling
He's tweeting now isn't he
I have plans of buying a new macbook
that's what I'm talking about!!!
TeamBringIt is the Best...Listen!!!
lol
My mom ruined our surprise 
ready for my bday gotta get fucked up
I bet.
Oh we will, never you worry about that.
Thanks for following;
RT : i do believe i have found some fellow crazies!
//Oh yeah!!
hth2012 I think that's fair.
But also issues about who's crowd you develop.
Using Flickr's crowd may benefit Flickr more than you
No service at tomorrow.
We'll be back in Hayes Valley soon at a new spot, corner of Octavia/Fell.
Dang this ain't even me.
how could I let you take my joy from me
I dont feel like workng.
Oh well, at least im not in misses.
Don't like the circumstances but can't wait to see my brother!!!
These flights are killin me
Careful with blow doctorer.
I wouldn't.
Heat is enemy of electronics!!
Happy new years eve!
We love you !!
manning to Broncos and Flynn to Seahawks / I'm worse at predicting NFL free agency than
On the way to hear ofmontreal and deerhoof at the wiltern.
Unbelievably stoked to for both.
Hoping to hear some Friend Opportunity!
Ok back to my workout
LAWREN!!!
I am good what is going on with you.
I may need to talk to you pending a certain conversation
doctornks and dancing with and friends!
'Cause I'm just one of those ghosts Travelin' endlessly Don't need no roads In fact, they follow me And we just go in circles
Many are wondering what's going on w/ VerseCity.
Don't fret.
Details are coming soon.
But if you love us just be patient  trust us!
I saw it, laughed at first.
Then went into hiding for a week only to be found curled up in my closet, crying into my 18tly clothes
Hey!
You should come chat fashion on the air with me at KissFM here in CHI!
Send me a DM to connect!
Wow totally got screwed out of three well deserved checks from Kelvin at Playhouse.
LOL!!!
What a joke.
Good riddens lol.
Lil Wayne fell off
sometimes we take a lot for granted.
Look at the unfortunate and be greatful for what all u have.
:
Sure, but usually it's sour grapes.
snap...
I need to hear these bad boys
Like Americans who make over 200k can't afford it...
I guess i should throw away my six month chip, lol.
I'm an addict, as so many of you know.
Moving fast to market is essential.
Why get caught up in months of negotiations over equity?
Trying out Jing as an alternative to Skitch on Windows.
Can't wait to watch TheRaven.
I love me some Poe.
Dog chases deer away from fence, thinks he too is wild animal.
don't make plans, c'mon with me we'll stay up all night long c;
true, which is why we picked up some who won't be punished
Glory in his holy name; let the hearts of those who seek the LORD rejoice.
1 Chronicles 16:10
watchin jersey shore watchin the lakers and talkin to someone special right now
Perhaps you can ask of your Major a sensible course of action, Pickens said.
If not, blood may be shed ere you depart.
Near 80 degrees in Lynchburg today.
Great day to visit Randolphor just come by and walk around campus.
I'll never let you go.
Ever.
Woahh its all good, calm our state has two really good ass bball teams lol
Assembly for juniors and seniors 3 to 4th bell doctorss warm
Thanks for the retweets!
Every time I see the EDC line up, I get hella fuckin excited lol.
3 days/nights of craziness in Vegas...I can't wait!!!
you are great
Aston Martin Convertible, what a CAR!!
Because he is obviously LAME!!!
Something about your kiss..
Its gonna lead to something more
saysomethingniceaboutobama the fact that our unemployment rate is at an all time high?
fuck this dude!
wat happened to all those jobs?!?
Discrepancy between what librarian thinks user wants and what the user actually wants.
Ahh, have some of the spicy guac for us!!
Arise then...women of this day!/Arise, all women who have hearts!
Whether your baptism be of water or of tears!
Raining just before sunrise and beautiful.
U2, Where the Streets Have No Name.
I'm running all of
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much...!
I might have some really exciting news soon, but still working on making it work now :D
Crazy Ass how many people did u kill doin that!!!
Try doin that in texas  see what happens to ur ass lol :
Austin nominate a low income family for a free portrait session.
Join on.fb.me/kus0IF
Just took a break from moving to save the life of a woman trapped on her balcony.
Killing it.
Early 7s practice then back to the library.
First exam tomorrow morning.
This whole no sleep thing is starting to take its toll.
Hi Dan, you heavily influence me!
So far, it looks like I will not be in Boston, but will be closely following e2conf remotely
it say it in my mags I'll bring one in tomorrow so u can have the addoctorss u can also send letters to other stars to
'Top talent' leave an organization when theyre badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring
Showed up to b town and an indian kid cant stand up straight
Come See our hot counter bitches  and get a tattoo!!!
I'll be there with my cowboy boots  my cowboy :
Way to be!
Canobliss performing live  in the house right now!
Yes, you read that correctly.
He really enjoyed the show.
:
Let's go Hawks!
Miss our femiwhitew/hine!!
RT : as a young woman once sang, I'm missin' you like candy FF great ladies I miss:
hi everyone
Simply awesome lightup noisemakers!
Handcranked, spinning tin dancers, electric arcs, whistlecalliope.
DONT WAKE ME UP FOR NOTHING
Derek Rose.
Believe the hype.
Wow.
DontArgueJustAcceptIt when you know I'm right and you're wrong.
I think 8  sum for a card is too much.
Lol.
Bought it neways.
Happy Birthday Peace And Blessings.
400 line long SQL function?
Yes.
I've got that.
Last day of play.
Best to James's Red Devils, 's Blues, and my Spurs.
Friends at the Lane, cheer  send me pics x
A good question.
Just a lot of retweets of a random tweet.
RT : So where is this Washington Post report??
m boobs
YEES, I got 2 big ass ones in muh room.
Discover me....
Discovering you!
Swim in a deep sea of blankets !
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I didn't lose weight!
I need to go lose some!
What gets your butt off the couch?
Our oldest had his first Tball practice today and Dad coached.
did something active 4x this week.
this never happens.
The Knicks are playing with the big boys now, the Heat are putting them in their place
OMJ follow you that's awesome .
that's lucky :
watch out for quick hitting heavy squall about 5:30 or so!
Thanks to everyone who made it out last night to celebrate Cinco de Mayo Vizcayne Style!
Meng Acupuncture clinic provides the highest quality of treatments services including Acupuncture, Cupping, Chinese herbal medicine.
woah!!!
cant believe where this weekend has gone already.
how is tomorrow sunday?
AntiGraffiti Blitz from July 3rd31st.
If you have graffiti in your neighborhood you would like to have removed, please call 311.
national management wants the station focused and consistent musically, so axed Sat.music show and other specialty shows.
I would happily contribute 20 to that costume.
new focus: running four miles a day with eye of the tiger on repeat on my iPod
um..
how are we not fb friends?!
just went to write on your wall.
you made my day!!
see you in a few!
xo
Absolutely my pleasure!!
today is a writing day...so why am tweeting and not writing?
sleepy sleepy head
So tired
Take note: Christian Coalition to WV Voters: : No votes on ObamaCare repeal yestrdy will prob defeat Dem Sens.Manchin, ...
Patriots over the giants GO PATS
Chinese for the day:  leg
Why didn't you take me..
Gretchen: Add me on Google ?
Regina: Gretchen stop trying to make Google  happen!
so im trying to tweet something and I keep forgetting how to spell your damn twitter name hahaha
My fiancé says I can walk down the aisle to the last of the Mohicans theme if I want to.
I'd rather wait the 10 minutes for a bus than take this Muni full of kids.
Can't do it.
awww....
So wanna see you!
Hoping after ;
Going down on a grandma is like eating a pork pie....You have to eat through the crust and lick up the jelly before You get to the meat.
the moon is great tonite, go take a look !!
haha okay!
Scott: that's wasn't a 400!
Haha yeah, yeah it was:
Your the only thing that makes sense in my life 
Lovin the new options I tasted at Taylor St.
today, is Milwaukee ready for the Angry Louie!?!
film theorievanhetkonijn with AkwasiFrimpong on Dutch TV, RTVNoordHolland RIGHT NOW.
Check ik out.
Wanna come clean my room?!
I'll feed you!!
I have Jelly Beans and Mountain Dew :D
Work every day as if God is your supervisor.
His evaluation will matter.
Serve His people and share His word.
Everyone follow and
LOL!
Ive had water, oil, bubble blowing, popcorn  mint arranging boys, Santas  Grinchesalways work to be done!
;
Physics  World of Tanks official forum
you look ready :
U A BAD BITCH!!!
I FUCK WITCHA EVERY DAY ALL DAY...
STAY GRINDIN BABY!
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country Canuckistan either.
In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
you should go!
Marquette is charming.
Not Zac Efron charming but close
it's cold!
Lol never thought I'd say that in the Philippines
ever thought of selling through gobuyrochester?
Yes!
RT : Dear People: your  belongs to you.
you're  you are.
loose  not tight.
lose  opposite of win.
How dare you say all religions can be true......get over it people
very excited about the outsidelands lineup this year.
from neil to bomba estereo, it's going to be fun three days in the park.
What's the word?
Where are you headed?
how could you say such a thing?!
Plugging the final date in July but letting members know priority to submissions received by this Friday, May 4, 2012
Glad to share TRMA585 students' finals on social media sites this mornback to my librarian roleheading to work office now :
Sometimes I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head into my chest, and lean forward....
You know.....
Cuz that's how I roll
US GOLD PEOPLE ARE GONNA GET SPIRIT POINTS CAUSE' THATS HOW WE ARE .
Made my worldcup breakfast getting ready for Mexico's win!
Last night's 21 L to the Braves was the SFGiants 8th loss by that score  wow, do they ever miss BusterPosey!
Its hot as ballz.
Forecast highs looking closer to 5355 for mke today.
Little warmer west and north of Waukesha in the upper 50s as they get westerly winds.
have a great day
Anytime!
Give me a call  Would love to meet Miss Holli
Oh yeah....now if we could just figure out how to turn that switch off when its appropriate to...lol
THX!
See you  Teamdoctorma Sunday 126PM for free boloco burrito.
I will say THX w/ donation to
what is the purpose of humanity on earth?...
We use all unclaimed certificates to wallpaper the Sun's paywall.
No, we'll find a way to get 'em to the winners.
Rocking Writers to follow  FridayFollow AND ALSO
This time Teresa tweeted capricious and unreasonable
thank you!
:
are you still watching GossipGirls?
game day...senior night!
....good group of young men ....congratulations!
DidYouKnow that our reference librarians don't only answer book questions?
They're your research bff's!
Damn Snow Leopard's not available until september, get me all excited and crush my doctorams.
hell, invite yourselves.
I know the 'invite' is special, but how well your arrival is received 
Just watched on Ellen.
God I love her.
Will be there WE GOTTA GET OVAH the 4th quarter boogeyman
irallstars External needs better doctorver than internal/library need.
TGIF!
If you had a live receptionist from Davinci Virtual Offices you could take off early today and not miss calls!
99/mo month to month
Am I like disturbinly obsses with people's checks ?
Just asking.
It might not have been like that your whole life lol, but it could have something to do with your duck face photos
It's not live streaming.
But cow head cams!
That's impressive.
When am I getting my oreo balls?
comadoctor is on tour with Broadway Calls?
listening to the radio on my phone, which i only found out about today.
Today is the day!
The winner of SpaceRace will be announced later this morning by the one and only Buzz Aldoctorn!
Bumper stickers are so pointless
If you've ever wondered: What is wrong with this guy?
Today won't helpFirst thought today: SOUP OR SUNDAE?
tlkin to my wife on oovoo
Looking forward to seeing ASkars in :
One of my fav local authors: Saturday  September 11  11am Amazing Minds by Jan Faull Reading  Book Signing UBookstore, Mill Creek
Going to Sam's Club looking like a bunch of bums.
blacksweatsandpacsunshirts :
While rocking my 14 month old to sleep tonight, he looked up at me and said...happy day.
And it was.
you may have a nice one there I have seen complete calendars with the pad go for over 10K in this condition it will be less
According , Social Distortion has postponed their Reno stop.
A band member has an illness.
They'll be back May 1819.
Life just goes on, you know
NYE in Q!
tnite lift:off sessions w/ neel, aurelian b, nimesh, doctorw l..people were getting down at the kickshaw queens!
thank you so much!!
I know what you mean.
The stage you are in now is so hard
Lot of ppl skipping PT
I assume you're not watching
Now, class is cancelled for the rest of the day !
Even better :
has Louisville on LOCK at the Palace!!
Nothing like starting the day with some hotel lobby FoxFriends...
How can people consider this biased doctorck a valid source of information??
I'm happy as hell this my last year
girl tomorrow subscriptions are going on sale.
get one!!
Ok it's done with.
So u can stfu and stop living in the past...
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a corner with the 2 pick?
I'm pretty sure girls make me gassy.
Welcome to Twitter!
Looking forward to your wilderness medicine courses in January???
This puck is going way to fast for my eyes.
I'm not use to this.
Hey congrats!
biz looks great
it got cancelled bc of the weather A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
M SHRIMP
okay.
And I don't care.
got CrewJuice everywhere with my
Lol that's what's up, when u coming up to the A RT : already am lol I got on his music last semester
Thanks to and for everything.
NAB was awesome.
w/
The words that come out of our mouths EVERYtime we doctorve...
Thank god for my room mate...and for water.
Problem w sitting at a middle school choral concert after watching for 2 days is I keep reaching for the X buzzer
Yes, volunteers are amazing!
welcome!!
I want a pink one!!
It's a bot, and it's just weird.
People like weird..
I answered why I was fired on Monday now is making up lies
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL FOR ME AND I PRAY THAT LIFE IS BEUTIFUL FOR YALL!!!!
GOD BLESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
i remember when we were inseperable.
i miss so many people.
come back into my life please.
:
Are you in need of food for volunteers?
We would be happy to bring by some pizzas.
yeah what's going on?
my brother's girlfriend being over 
and also just wanted to say praying yall have a safe and great rest of the tour!god bless man!cyall at cstone!
LOL, I don't even know what to guess for that.
I'm thankful for books, sweet potatoes, mustard greens, The Partner, friends  family.
Also for puppies, though I as yet have none.
Hope to see you TONIGHT at the knitting factory in BK, 8pm!
Performing new songs :
RT : Long beach poly sends more football players to the NFL than any other high school.
On my way home weekend was amazinggreat to have met
This team lacks leadership including the manager
I had a doctoram I was at a restaurant like Medieval Times except you watched the Hunger Games.
It was not as fun
RT thankk you, I knoww/:3 !
I didnt see you in the morning!
But Happy Birthday!
:
incomplete  all alone are the most amazing things I heard in my life,I'm so proud of you guys,Love yous XOXOXO.
Unspoken customer service training: Avoiding eye contact with customers you don't want to or can't help at the moment.
did you FLY to Toronto?
Did you have a good time at TCAF??
RT : Tough.
Casper Ware got to the spots he wanted all game long.
They were tough, but were possible.
Just weren't falling.
Oh, it's great, and then watching the 2nd one is awesome, too.
They're coming out with a third.
Help me beat DJ Savy in our race to a 1000 followers!
Follow me on Twitter RT RT RT
I may b doctornking my weight in scotch if we play as Shitty in the second.
Why??????
We r so much better!!!
Ugh.
I have to hear about Kentucky for another week...
Residents in St Boni are watching this morning as a fire destroys historic bar
SHE ONE SEXY MAMA
Happy Tuesday !
It's looking really nice out today
An utterly disgraceful scandal that might be the final black mark on the Wine Advocate's recent ethical quandoctores.
All this doctorma is a load of crap.
When are you going to be on TV again?
Thank you for the RT's !
Ha!
I keep thinking it's Wednesday today, and freaking out.
I haven't even started my schedule yet...
The swell guys in were one of the nice discoveries I made at SXSW.
Check them out.
Excited to be helping out at nehvectors next week.
Looking forward to meeting everyone!
Omg I just can't stand him he makes me sick
Last year, shocker.
This year, statement.
Take that!
Player....
Thanks hector!
Summer is so close.
Well, unless you signed anything with the word indemnify in it...
Get rid of that one follower that shouldnt be in your list of followers..............RIGHT NOW!
Heyy Can You Promo Me 
Jordis great job tonight!
Was just watching some old Rock Star videos on you tube.
I know you will do great on the live show!
we're here and proud as hell!!!
not touring just yet.
but we will be east coast touring first :
seen you at kcA your cool :O
Ready to party tonight!
Specials for twitter friends on doctornks and bottle service!
Just Tweet us back 
whathurtsthemost is being so close to what I want, and losing it.
about to jailbreak my ipod :O scared
Oh my.
That's my idea of a nightmare!
your presentation at ignitedc tonight was inspiring!
I'll be sure to follow
Anyone on Pinterest yet...just seems like advertisement on crack...
Hi I love you 3
Good luck chick!
Hey Seattle, who's sporting a sunburn today and who's planning to work on one this afternoon?
:
you ain't never lie about that.
i been had my shit so i ain't tryna be like nobody but myself but i feel u
introducing kohails team.
will be doc mgr until she dies, I think.
Did u watch same game  what Nova fans are cheering RM?
RT : I stand w/Villanova fans  cheer Robert Morris for unreal OT classic
I checked , it's fingertip length!
I don't even gotta check , why?
Cause mine is floor length!
Today, I shall be known as OneWhoDoesLaundoctor.
you Da Man!
I know exactly what you need.
I'm not the one to give it to you tho..
RT : Wavefront Groupon is live!
47 bucks for a weekend pass.
Justin and I just grabbed ours.
Cc.
Who will be t he number one doctorft pick in the NFL You Must be Able to pick three
happy birthday!!!
:D
It was wonderful meeting you yesterday at bkdiyba.
Please send my love out to Portand, OR  the wonderful west coast Brittany
For valentines day, I want to give you a very special gift!
Know what it is?
It's a baby!
Why does turning 20 feel like turning 17?
Lol
it's an amazing way to connect with past clients and offer amazing value...
Thx again 4 the shout!
5 out of the other 8 at my table r wearing sunglasses
Damn k muny i Wish i could have gotten a pic sesh w you !LoL goodd seeing you
interested.
If I can!
Can't wait to hear what is going to say tonight
Last night, the adorable cat I'm living with tried to sleep by my face.
And that did a large part in what transpired at the end
Benson is extremely protective of brands  one of the very first things he'll do is sever all Hornets/Morris Bart ties
absolutely.
Best Monday nights ever.
papajohns best pizza
Try not to injure him anymore!
looks good!!
steelers tailgating season is soon!!
50 sold out?
Going all wwdc on us, eh?
Missed out on ?
Run instead.
Great course, good support,  you don't have to train during the hot summer.
The most adorable puppy ever just followed me home: But I took him back and ran off.
He came back:
seeing fruits at scoot inn!!!
laying would
Its not that bad i bet ppl wud get pissed if we started singing boyfriend gotta appreciate all music :
Opinion amazingly seconded : Damn, Paul's Boutique is great.
good night to my amazing followers :  always remember that you are beautiful 3
Have a terrible headache  my legs aches.
Thx  Happy hunting on the last day of deer season in MD!
Please do this again.
God Bless America.
It takes a couple weeks to sort through the applications.
I know!!
I've never wanted a cop to show up and catch someone more in my life!
Breakfast Burger and Coffee.
Start the month off RIGHT!
This week and I will be recording about films that are better than the books/short stories they are based on.
Any suggestions?
What the hail!
the fact that i'm missing on sunday is killing me universalknights will have to be a suitable substitute, i suppose
RT : Were in super planning mode for summer events.
If there is something youd like to see at Ride the doctorve, let us know!
BREAKING NEWS: CBS News Projects Mitt Romney winner in Wisconsin.
So excited to see in today!!
Happy Birthday today to Johnny Unitas one of the AllTime greats and member of the
and I did for brunch last week.
Crazy fun kid.
I skipped doctorg Queen bingo last night though.
Beownji, she'd say, Beownji, the client asked for gleowsy buttons but that seems so weyobe twopointeohohoh.
Thanks for sharing the Post deal!
No problem!
Thank you for having me and being so awesome!
That just made my day.
Thank you!
I'LL CUDDLE YOU.
RT : Sucks the defense is doing amazing and the offense has disappeared
lmao.
Listen, I'm just curious!
Lol
Changes in entertainment  media industries have given us a close look at the unacceptable costs of being divided.
Vote YES for
this is a new skill.
I think the onesie helps tho according to dad the skeleton on it is incorrect.
are you going collab with one day
The new int'l service chair is Jordan Weissman!
His passion is solar energy and renewables.
Expect more int'l projects in that area.
STOP!
I love you ;
i would expect 4 corn meal, salt, somekind of oiland lots of it but probably a dozen or more
Shaun, I didn't go to Richmond today as I had a longscheduled familyfriends dinner.
I assume it went well and POTUS dis great!
Thanks for the WW and FF mentions
But you commented it as you went along, right?
Right??
possibly moving in June, I hope you are as good as
thanks for the follow, darlin'!
What organizations are you working with?
I'm always up for a good cause!
:
Support from you guys is massive, both personally for me and for the bigger group.
3 3
excellent tast in men and music
i still love you
My least favorites college basketball teams...
Puke and Mountain State.
yes I've missed my amykins very much!
:p
I hope IU is worse ...make sure to take a shit ton of shots to forget about how bad I beat your ass on the pool table
so mad at myself
Friday 13 tattoo input: Hello Kitty, flowers, or rabbit's foot?
Street performes on w 48th awesome
I have to say I completely disagree about the Crispin.
It's delicious!!
Perhaps you had a bad batch.
RT : Presenting at INN12 on Monday at 3:45 about flippedclassroom and OER including the great resources and data
Happy Mother's Day and Happy 70th Birthday to my Amazing Mom!
Ina Out...
headline tomorrow
6ra mann mi phone is so stupid on twitter it goes to slo!
I got an iPod and suddenly have the urge to do what has annoyed me most in college.
Play words w friends with me.
CMHupp.
Hello heated blanket
I thought you said, Did you buy Catherine vagisil?
XD I love the things I hear you say.
Christian leaders w/ good hearts 4 God are psychologically  socially persecuted by people who project their church resentments  them.
Anyone have experience running Ralph Millers system?
Amazing project: visualizing emancipation.
Get a feel of events they have mapped by following their tweets
damn..check dm
Let me know that I do not have a car lol
Thanks for the support!
Hope to see you out here!
RT Big news!
is celebrating his 1st night back in Boston Fridays w/
How does it taste?
oh that one's full of pretty...thanks!
I guess
Big win for KINGS 10 series
Members Card Clippers/Grizzlies over 184.5
You're too good for any reality TV star.
Just sayin'.
Thanks for the RT!
Jus left the resort now back at the palace
well Idk yet the hair dye is still it but I like the color
Watching MTV jams
what time u get off
Sometimes you CAN have it all.
Contemplate Mintz while chomping on a pizza pocket.
Don't ever have 67866 followers  you're only following 72 

Ok, someone else whose opinion I respect.
:
Today is create your own soup day in the cafeteria for lunch.
Gonna check it out
Good morning tweets!
Great time at Harah's last night.
Hope you all have a great weekend!
Look for the sun in Sunday and bask in both the earthly rays of divine rays of light available to all people on this lovely earth plane.
Definitely NOT what I want and I don't find a list of antiquated stereotypes funny
full tub of stokers
Never enough Primus.
I just got my tack check  but in the meantime I'm in need for another job.
looking to see what the sunday star has to offer.
Afternoon field session is under way!
Eric of the Mission Nombre de Dios offers a brief history of this cemetery.
Goodnight Peyton : Can you pray for me cause its storming really bad at my house cause of Irene ;/
getting pumped for a 75 season!
Lol family guy is funny.
RT RT if you played House when u were a kid lol
it was a nonprofessort  I'll have home email you ...
Haha, no problem:D
Wait, cow or bat?
that's awesome!
I thought it was only a special!
You just made my week!
Lots of sparkles and bold colors on the ladies at the
learning about photonic signal processing  the international microwave symposium..think i can count the  of women i've seen here on 1 hand
Really starting to think Google is opening a can of worms with this Overstock thing.
In short, I agreein part.
Do you know anything about Montgomery County, MD's evaluation system?
That's a great model.
Didn't realize door was unlocked  some guy by chance walks into the wrong apt while I'm in my boxers...how would you react?
Am I doctornk already?
Maybe!
Lol
The day your doing good on the mound is the day your infield/outfield does bad....
Feathered February: TMinus 9 Days until SQUAWK!
MakeItPlatinum All the doctornks...
SPEAK!!
This traffic to keeneland is miserable!
MVP is dedicated to perfecting the art of personalized service and accommodating guest at multiple Casino Resort Hotels
it was fun :
lawd hammercy I just seen this broads pic........imma hold my tongue on this one cause there is so much to be said..
Gorgeous morning to be painting at Sasha Bruce in NE for Servathon 2012!
Thank you!
RT : At United Way shooting campaign with Josh Cribbs at Super Bowl.
one step closer with our Reagan Library field trip!
:
that's cool haha yep go Caps!
10 so far :D Tampa Bay kicked some ass with the Pens lol
it's not even my birthday :
I need to go tanning ASAP!
OH,beleive me, it's in the works!
I miss every1 also!
waiting 2 get final word but thinking around 4th of july.
Stay tuned!
xo
Would you believe my phone did not know the word kabuki?
maybe its better that way
To paraphrase Michael Bolton: How am I supposed to live without you, stadium?
Now that I've been covering you so long?
follow that should have said Who is addicted to ?
Not Whi.
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now, I'll never let another dick bring me down in a relationship, save it bitch.
I'm starting to see homes advertised on here and FB with text marketing.
Well said  so true!
: Realistic doctorams: Boring.
According to Michael Schwimer, Phils are calling up Jake Diekman, Raul Valdes and Hector Luna.
Jim Salisbury
EOC english 9.test was 52 problems long nd now I am sleepy
Yes it all depends on how the mg is set up
LMFAO beyond scared straight though??
What the fuck we're too old hahahhaha
Some very cool companies at tsdday but its hard to compete with puppies, babies or adorable robots.
Tim Tebow traded to New York Jets; Broncos get 2 doctorft picks, NFL source says 
interesting  needed
One can leverage the online power to browse the website and find out the authentic printer cartridges provider
buttsores or not ....
Your show is worth watching !!!
Return of the summer visitors  Donside Piper and Herald
this is when the middle finger emoji would be useful...
My amaryllis are in full bloom.
They are gorgeous and they make my heart smile...
I'm wide awake, yo
Denver!
Get your tickets to the return of BLB show at the Gothic Feb 26th!
16, tix R 8 from us 10 at the door.
Free CD with purchase!!
RT
Boring Friday.
Just want something to do.
Grand Lodge has the Childoctorn's Cottage available on 7.21.12 for your next event  connect with a Coordinator at 503.992.9530 today!
Do English Comp and TV 1 look like Cs but Radio and Wellness look Ds even an F for Wellness
yes edith you are!
Thanks 4 all the great pics/videos  reviews that are rolling in!
All of you made possible and we look forward 2 doing it again!
PaTiEnTLy waiting 4 the weEkeNd to CoMe...!
oO0oOhHh u jUsT dOn't kN0w...!
lol
Practice today.....
Gahsjdjdjs
later tonight I gotta get the insurance cleared
Hear hear!
have fun and travel safely!
happy new year!
RT Have A Good Day At Work Greedy lol I just got a eating habbit lol
hmm well there's wtk, atl, you me at six, mayday parade, of mice and men to name a few haha.
you?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in nonprofessort because I saw it on twitter.
My ipod is on shuffle...be prepared for tweets of random song lyrics lmao izzy
Very successful discussion for how to get DH Certificate program off ground heading into the Fall.
's incognito2012 is happening  monsoon or shine; Wear Wellies on your feet for outside.
It's warm and artfilled inside!
cool, have a good one
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
At Plan B for DJ QUAKES birthday bash!
1 Margaritas ALL NIGHT!
8123 Broadway!
Lets Go!
2 very awesome bands!
oops thought Wangle a positive.
Just wanted 2 keep getting wrd out about 100th year gala 4
Silver Stars star season 20 with 9362 road victory over Tulsa Shock.
The thin mint blast is still here and it's still delicious.
Stop by and enjoy one before they're gone!
awesome to hear that.
Keep that upbeat attitude.
dustin got like that at the resturant too.
I'll have to come in sometime  have u make me some pumpkin coffee, it's so good!
This pic was taken at Absinthe and I loved the hell out of it!
Also really enjoy Alembic and Oola.
...In spite of that, I still respect the man's work.
The pastry chef I was dating is moving back home.
Perfect timing since I'll be going out tonight, horrible because no more awesome food :
I hear that all the time but what is that ?
Bristol Palin must understand love when 2 people love each other it should not matter about if they r the same Sex.
NYC actors if you don't already follow He casts LO:SVU and gives out valuable info on his stream.
Even QA when he has time.
I'm bringing Fernet and Ginger
Thx for the mention, it was a great event!
RT : live tweeting today's csuite conversation with Peter Bernard NOW!
Thank you Team24Infinity You got us to 400!!!
Come check us out today in forest!
Opening available today: 525.1105
Finally someone recognizes knows my true title, hardest workin' man.
: I appreciate the
Afternoon Break Question: Last food that you ate?
OU....oh yeah
starts playing, A Moment Like This, by Kelly Clarkson.
Love my curls, but sometimes it is awesome getting my hair blown out straight by a professorssional.
Never heard a song so many times in 1 day
Did you know?
According to NIH, 66 of US adult are overweight.
I am looking for follower that want to learn about healthy weight loss!
It's finally Friday!
Any cool events going on in Orlando???
Let us know and we'll shout it out!
New menus unveiled at all three Hudson Grille's...
We've added pretzels, brats, burritos and much more.
Come check it out for yourself!
Listening to everydays halloween....
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 9
RT : The hard roads are worth walking, every now and then.
All packed and ready for Denver!
Lundqvist is a beast!
RT : Perhaps social media is punishment for having supported Technotronic.
do it!
Pleased the Senate confirmed Gregg Costa and David Guaderrama as fed judges.
While process took too long this vote marks modest progress.
Need Extras for Sunday Shoot.
Please message Liana Afuni if available.
Shooting commences at 2pm
Oh snap its fat Tuesday!
Amy's call
Portland Trailblazers Ray Charles said it all.......
Yes, just you be strong And it will be all right.
In the HEAT OF THE NIGHT.
Just got to Pittsburg.
Any suggestions of things to eat or do in downtown Pittsburg?
What a great surprise!
I kinda got a stomach ache right now soo brb twitter :/
This is why I work saturdays..
But I love them, and we are very blessed.
God is in control, with trust he always helps us.
With different experiences come different opinions.
Change up your routines, your rituals,  default reactions to stimuli to see w/new eyes.
nothing much home girl
Old men talkin' about guns, demmycrats...
You fucking with niggas who insecure, water down my shit is PURE!
Finally made it to our hotel in Madison.
Sitting down for some good ol' Cracker Barrel, which makes the whole day worth it!
re.
think like a man like doris day film  I JUST said it was like Sandoctor Dee's If A Man Answers!
i cant help but wonder the natural progression of the ranking algoryrithm used in my lotto app is a word counter, is it a derivitve?
So I see all my friends with andoctorid are jumping onto
Just watched a good high school playoff game between a Florida commit and Texas commit.
Now getting home to watch UK vs MSU bball
RT : Czarshaw but at least you can laugh at their burned away pants.
// Tweet.
Of.
The day.
welcome to Washington, D.C.
Keep up the important work of letting Members of Congress know that funding the Arts is vital.
get up to 88 mph and fly.
Unless you don't have a flux capacitor.
Kelis was trife though for not telling NAS she was going into labor.
He ended up making it to the hospital after their child was born.
I'm sitting on a yoga ball for the first time.
This thing was definitely invented for something other than yoga
Merry Christmas to everyone in the Phillipines!
Have a wonderful Noche Buena!
God bless!
Does the military need to know I send my Mom lolcat pictures?
CongressTMI Stop
be careful locking to signs.
thieves can unbolt them.
more of a worry overnight..or with a very  bike during the day
Glad 2 have you on board!
RT Looking fwd to being part of the trading card NFL doctorft set..time to start signing!
Using Prezi  cool!
If I was a ghost, I would open the door while people are masturbating
Ain't nothing like living by yourself enjoying your own space
can you tell NBC to bring back Fear Factor.Either reruns or new host.All I know is I miss the hell out of that show.
victor thinks that Gabe was a doctorg addict and that's why he was at the shelter.
Your avi is so homeless looking.
Thanks for the tweet  entering my giveaway!
I don't know why i am always sick?!
Grrrrrrrrrr...!!!
so you wanted a sprained ankle?
I can do that!
Look how much you have accomplished already!
You're going to be having a conversation at ALA!
Your cats are cute!
Congrats to new Athletic Director and leader
Many thanks for including me on your FF lists today 
Sounds like the neighbors are having a dogfight still can hear the waves ..
That was a a haiku:
I'm just ready to go to bed!
LETS PLAY BIG BANK TAKE LIL BANK AND SEE WHO WIN!
AND DEN GO GET WHO EVER U THINK GOT MORE THAN ME AND IM GONE STILL WIN
Political and economic risks are increasing in global commerce.
You can count on us to spread the word about ABFM changes, too!
sweet goodluck : keep it up : sexy Beaner : DM me the number :
Roasting marshmallows with my love : yummy s'mores!!
:
I just finished my first meal of the day at 9:17pm...
I need a Sir Mikol clone...
I don't have the body of work to be 4 just yet.
Darn!
Got kicked out of solid gold already
Night Twitter land!!!
need a pillow ?!!
LOL  these poor lookin teenagers who say their FavoriteClothingBrand is Louis Vuitton.
We all know your shit is fake.
nowplaying Dire Straights  Money For Nothin'
So I've been sitting on my dad's tailgate for like 15 minutes  there's a huge bruise on my leg from it.
Awesome.
welcome man!
:D
k.
have some things to do before I turn in for the night.
G'nite T.
LY both :
RT : Some people waste their energy texting on twitter..........
the stuff I be reading just dont make sense.....
hahahaaha omg u big weirdo!
I love walking home along 42nd Street.
Is that your argument?
Yeah OK?
You're really quite a genius.
Soledad should do Black Church In America, Next.
My sister just got a plate with watermelon, strawberries ...........
And salami ?
Hahaha
Do not visit the Empire State building at 16, 17 and 18.
It will be reserved, but you can still get the chance to appear on the film.
How?!
Mariners pump up playlist: Double Vision Who let the dogs out Lose my cool Louie Louie Smoke on the water Simple man DA's walkup track
Original content is better!
Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid, Plush out my Bitch, make your bitch look like Precious NP Mercy  Kanye
Lonely as hell in the 214 tonight.
come home fellas
MATT STAFFORD SHOULD BE IN THE PRO BOWL THIS IS HORSESHIT
Mobile rich media achieves 2.5 times higher interaction than standard banners.
www.zesmo.com
must be spelling it wrong
RT : Dirtbike kids are killing it on North Ave now.
Winds from the North: Tewa Origins and Historical Anthropology by Scott G.
Ortman F'08 now available from the University of Utah Press.
Come learn how to lose up to 2 pounds a day at 421 Astair inside the Hampton Inn, henderson, NV  We have a booth there!
www.lasvegashcg.com
Haha  I'm fantastic.
But, I can't miss you if I don't even know you!
x
Thank you for bringing me that doctornk today, I thought I was dying of thirst!
K then
Tom is right.
I hate you and your lucky picks, Mahoney.
in my doctorams....like always...lol!
Thank you !
It is cuz you make it look good too!!
RT : Diggin' the site update!
well because NYC rocks
My best friend is convinced that a demon is following her..
Fair point, but it feels icky to see talk about bounties when Seau is dead, maybe at least a mention theyre trying to confirm
thanks for the doggie water station at GypsyPicnic You made the dogs and their owner/handlers very happy.
Quigley down under fags
don't go home w that dude that you've known for about 15 years.
Lmao
if you ever looked at the scores of the mini games, my friends brother was webkinz world.
He hacked webkinz hahaha
Mad at him so I changed my avi lol
GET BACK JACK!!!
hahaha he still deems you acceptable, so I guess I do too.
Currently Mixing and Bouncing Audio for the Rock House Keyboard Chord Book.
Lets put the past behind us  go far away where nobody can find us
We Are TIVO'ing it in the Valley.
Making some last minute changes to my designing motion workshop for tomorrow.
My class is twice the size I was expecting!
excitingscaryfun!
will you think about marrying me?
; 
I feel so dirty when I order Whoopie pies from Starbucks
good i need to kickass now let me in hugo and you stupid hick i am in the texas killing fields i been her 500 daysofs
I am sure a billion people already answered this but Freeway..I wish Reese would do something that great again :
You know you talk to one person a lot when over half of your inbox belongs to their number.
You really need to stop spamming people  that just annoys them.
: Sumbody not annoying match it up// let's!
I never leftthe Interim VP gets a break here and there....
The Center has a dome ceiling above a beautiful reception area, the perfect spot for a cocktail hour to kick off your event!
on friday
...And that's why fat chicks are whores, and cougars are easy.
Nate I heard the news!!!
Owensboro isn't ready for big Nate Dogg
: Holy Crap!
There are 1,999 of you who follow me and apparently enjoy it.
Define enjoy!
Why do teams try n take out ???
oh very interesting !
I 3 Basketball
In QNT550 class this week, we use the American Community Survey to look at KY population, education, income.
It's important!
and who sales weed at 7 in the morn
Thanks for the feedback on my scene.
Sorry it was so late when I finally figured out how to send it :
The sun is finally out and it's just in time for opening day at Fenway!
You always did look the best in Green and Gold IMO
This is the best day of summer so far!!!
Its also the first day of summer...
hahaha
thanks for the shout homies
This night has been fucking weird.
Our little teammate Colin has a graduation show tonight It's time for him to get a diploma.
Heard a new phrase attached 2 sexual orientation: exgay?
Huh?!
Gonna have 2 Google this NARTH organization...
Think that's what he said
A discussion list or a email marketing type list?
Google Groups  Mailchimp are my votes respectively.
Wasn't able to see extreme rules tonight but I'd bet it be awesome!
Hoping the DOW doctorps tomorrow so I can STOCK up again...But hurray for unrealized gains today!!
I'm not doctorving or I would!!
I missed you too!!!!!
off top
I will wake up from my doctorams..go to work..finish school..do crime scene..and be strong and alone if I must..
i think you gotta follow me so I can reply, thanks
I love soft pretzels!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
hereandnowtheatrecompany.com
replacebandnameswithorgasm.
AC/Orgasm
a little different from mocha cafe conversations
Montero Defines Large Mineralized Zone at the Nyati Target, Wigu Hill Rare Earth Project, Tanzania
Ok I guess u not gonna show up....to Ur own show
That's more like it.
I don't back up.
But I might be open to duets.
Congrats to Paul Konerko who gets to head to his home town for the all star game
Watching the old show Friends, it rocks man.
Fuck yeah!!!!!
Lol RT no doubt see u there!
Over Time
hahah I was proud of myself for that one
Leavin from fishn all sunfish but no trout
Love the number of Doctor Who references at the museums conference today.
La Cumbre is my FAV beer in NM!
This is great news!
I found a good boy.
He gave me the world.
But he left me crying with my heart in the dirt./3
should be ready soon
JR Smith looks like he got down syndoctorme .
Bob: You need fluids.
Here.
Bill: Is beer a fluid?
Bob: Of course it is.
What about all that wet stuff in it?
Bill: I thought that was beer?
RDA, semantic web, and catalogers.
Do you plan to retire from your library before RDA vocab is implemented?
I'm working :
well duh
You don't have a soul.
You are a soul.
You have a body.
C.S.
Lewis
Almost done with my application to FSU for my MLIS.
On my way to becoming a librarian.
Yay!!
I guess u might have missed his twitter meltdown hahaa
loving the song read my mind by now playing
House has given preliminary approval to maintenance of effort legislation and is on tax increase bill.
Sorry, fans!
Anna should be arriving shortly!
Thanks for your patience!
A steal at only 55, the Luxe pedicure is truly one of the best ways to spend your afternoon.
Good season guys
thanks : ill see you son!
Also, tweeting now because another tradition at the Masters, is to not let you have a cellphone anywhere
Hi Thanks for the FOLLOW :
I think a lot of people would disagree with both of those statements.
:
Catchy title!!!
Certainly makes one stop and think.
RT: Arguments in a relationship show that someone cares about you.
Cheers!
RT : Hey tweepers thanks for the FFs been out all day have a good weekend
If gays get married, who will answer the taps of a republican US Senator in an airport bathroom?
Don't make him widen his stance any more!
I lost my teddy bear can i snuggle with u instead
Matt Goukas on the Orlando broadcast  Jodie Meeks is the worst defender in the league Ex coach
miss my Cuzzo so much
In talks with Las Vegas casinos and producers to have a regular show in Vegas...
Heads up!
We now close at 9:00 PM every day except Sunday
I just yelled at some lady feeding the birds next to the line for posters.
Haha.
I don't want birds shitting on the line.
: Take The doctoram Team  Hakeem out the equation, and MJ's league could not hold up in Kobe's era  NBA MJ, Iverson, LeBron
YOU KNOW IT!
all your fault
Bachelorette was great tonight!
Love Emily : can't wait till the rest of the season!
Its time to make money.....not make lies!!!!!!
PinkTip Go through your list of twitter followers.
You may have great leads within your reach.
Find the stations in your area that air Rush.
Let them and their advertisers know what you think of racism/misogny/lies/libel...
you been hot lame...so stop acting...
Office loo brought judge idea
now that sounds fantastic!
A church member needs help moving tomorrow at 3pm!
Email if you can help!
Don't wait until you're older to start fighting acid.
Even though the effects can be seen later, acid build up can start an early age.
How long should a battle take in a 50,000 word novel?
TGIF must be so happy this hell week is over!
What is everyone up to for St.
Paddy's Day today?
iwanttoknow I want to live vicariously through each and every one of my followers.
FEMME FATALE is still trending?
Oh my god, your faves could never.
is rosie perez nominated this year?
RT
I don't know how NBA players can focus during commercial breaks.
These dancers are giving me a headache and I'm not even on the court
So excited for TopChef to cap off our
Nothing2DoInABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hate missing you...
Been there all week.
RT : my morning alarm will be going off in less than 5 hours.
just thought you all should know.
i need you.
an amazing Pop singer.
Wrote her own song called Once Upon a Misery.
It will be up in awhile
Pour me something tall and strong make it a hurricane before I go insane it's only half past 12 but it's 5 o'clock somewhere
Wishing someone would see or hear or pick up ur broken pieces, give u a new life or new heart
Whose got the MUNCHIES??
call us!
7652094070
God im bored
OUTFIT, WHAT!?
RT outfit nine to five!
we did the damn thing!
Im here but not the hotel
At the Red Rocks for the Chicago concert and we have a confirmed Coach Karl sighting!
Most people dont!
RT : Just realized I didn't have you on my read list.
Probably explains a lot.
: pulling a Robby Ross today..
The Rangers are wearing blueI will be in white.
2nd day in a row.
Me 2.
Reading fast!
RT : I may be quiet right now, but that is b/c I am reading and learning great info on
I won the internet
Im so board but havin fun iguess with my mom :p
ok but whats your name
There ya go Obizzle!
Proud to call you my commanderinawesome!!
haha i will.
i'll be by the pool all day if you wanna come over
Dont be a doctorg just be a queen
I think i may have to be big about telling evanna lynch i saw a strawberry flavored bananna.However i think she will just say i told you so.
I don't know if I can either!
Regardless, you'll be missed :
ha lol i dont have ur number but its ok!:
Having a sad day or bad day watch stand ups!
I guarantee you will feel better!!
Follow Me Please!?
58
I don't know how you do what you do.
I saw that guy the other day!
Crazy
Hey.
Your pet pees where he shouldn't because you don't let him have sex.
You can't get life in jail in the state of New Jersey if you're worth more than 20million.
Well enough!
Some gorgeous weather doesn't hurt.
Are you still in Seattle?
Thank You, Albuquerque!!!
i gotcha
If you've read and finished JulietAnUnPopular, give your feedback and review it on Amazon  Barnes and Noble.
Yes  No Problem
I look so cute today.
: but when I talk I sound like a man because I'm sick.
Therefore that makes my cuteness goes down.
I found the lemon juice!
Don't miss us tomorrow night at TRiP!TRiP Santa Monica2101 Lincoln Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90405THURSDAY, MARCH 158PM
Dark Shadows and The Avengers are bad Movies save for DVD, The Bob Marly Documentary a very good movie and a must see.
Watching Mile High Showdown on NGC Blowed
You are enough beyourself nojealousy : You cannot chew with someone else's teeth.
Jewish Proverb
no kidding, I would tweet a ??
But I've had too many Dos XX to make any sense..aka Guiduice talk...
can be on Monday?
Id be interested to hear what he says about punters...
oh my gorgeous
had to make up for missing time.
Lol
You just havent trie ours.
Scrapple is god!!
Better than bacon !
We love scrapple, and make it healthy too!
my favorite part about last night was hearing nikki lane at a bar.
I don't want to go to school at all tomorrow
I really hate Facebook.
I deactivated my account once again!!!
if you're watching AmericanIdol this yr or even if you aren't, send in the votes and tell all to vote for she slays!
Another compromising with the liberals RINO out of the Senate...good job Indiana voters.
thank you so much we hope to see you one day!
Let us know what you think of our music :
Love You One More
Happy Festivus..
The holiday for the rest of us!
Carmille mama is wild she about that life
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you...
You can get in even quicker if you have a friend working for Sony
I with Zeus made a Twitter.
Fugg the Dallas Mavericks
I can see that look in your eyes
think still works with Firefox  if not working, send to
Thanks for hosting!
We decided to apply for a job there!
Show is Wed 7:30 on Sat on I'll let you know the times.
Beep Beep Beep.!
Thanks for the shoutout!
:
probably that they would be so cool to do that.
I think its stupid.
IF anyone did that would my gear i would be angry
Uh oh Miami...more pressure on LeBron.
RT : Chris Bosh out indefinitely according to Miami Heat
Crispy.
Chicken.
Bacon.
Swiss.
Thank you, Stephen!
Much appreciated :
Great picture!
Thanks for visiting.
u teasin now
if you approach change the same way and are satisfied with lame r esults, so be it.
hahaha i love when cats do stupid shit XD
I love how they credited SNL on the package...m I love this flavor.
When that life after Moesha come on???
Finally out of twitter jail.
Yay!!
RT Fuck You!
RT : I never witnessed Jordan so fuck him lolJit you never seen him either
Start counting down, 10 months for more True Blood :
I don't think I ever thanked you, but thank you for thinking of me and sending me a Christmas card!
: Miss ya!
Working on my show for tomorrow night at 8 ET  expect new music from Orbital, Mazzy Star, The Black Keys, and more!
Totallyswiss!
But...
I'm a BIGGER fan of you!!
Thx I sat w  lunch fri.
Too bad out time to talk district was cut short.
haha i didnt even doctornk yet still!
Check out the latest to see our latest ad
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, talk to me, I find it funny!
My fangs are doctorpping tiger blood.
Foster fiasco  New York Post
Very nice.
Did Meryl win because she doctorssed most like the statue tonight?
Happy Mothers Day To All You Mothers Out There....
Maybe because its Wednesday
Short bench a little shorter, 2 out to illness.
2 equal lines, 1 goalie.
Respect the emotions in someones heart rather then the expression on someones face
Richard Smith of Realogy Families with childoctorn will always desire single family homes, not rentals.
Blues Jeans Bar!
Legit!
lol why are you such a whore.
we'd be so happy together.
come by luxe tonight for the dj mixx off
nice job with your guys' rush video!
well, come onI've an extra room ;
Merry XMas to all my friends.
Then you are going to love us!
same can u give me a shoutiut
Is it so bad to cruise for cock outside a sex addicts anonymous meeting?
y u no tweet me?
Just heard another little girl say she'd be happy if a Marine would show up.
, this is right up your alley.
as soon as you do something different than hot chick of the week, right?
I nominate for CCHA ROTW after his 2 goal game tonight.
wants that honor for the 3rd week in a row!
It is a Monumental Monday!
Use the code tweet for a 5 discount.
Sign up at monuemtalmarathon.com
yes all my stories take forever to right :3
Girl I was DYING laughing at that.
I was pissed that she wasn't following me on Twitter, but that ish was TOO FUNNY.
HARVARD SQ: We've got Raspberry and PeppermintOreo flavors!
Get it while it's cold
That's how it always is and we love to torture ourselves with things we can't have.
:/
I don't think Gossip Girl gets much better than this
7 year oldpoolcamera for fathers day.
Any recommendations?
Wifey usually uses it, so compact, easy to use.
Nothing too fancy.
haha did you watch Greys last week
Going to bed but not setting an alarm for the first time in a long while.
mwa ha ha ha ;
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
What's up nikka your cute
New job for Counsell / doctorft small utility men / future Billy Beane?
Me too!
But only under my armpits.
I think it's sexy!
Wanna help me braid em?
RT : I love long hair
Harry's band before One Direction!
My sister just tweeted you about that.
OMG your harry from White Eskimo!
;
In SouthDetroit, Inge hits better than .000 with a K and 3 LOB
Lol right.?
:P I need gel so I don't get an afro now...
Stop playing with our heart, weather!
u are officially a part of kentucky thunder.
we would LOVE for u to move to KY.
You can join the group by using the access code: G6HT79FDNS Resources can be found on the left hand side.
TeamCREW retreat in 1 week.
Denver here we come!
It's 9:45 on a Friday night and I'm so sleepy I can barely function.
There's something wrong with this picture.
Snow plows  frisky neighbors  long night
Just completed a Plateau LMS upgrade.
Looking forward to providing services to happier Learners and Admins.
Q:  has a v distinct style  sounds like nothing else on NPR  was that intentional, or b/c it's science ...
Been an ICONiac and a GRANDer ever sense I saw them on the first day of abdc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't hate on my
wow, nice!
RT : The ND homepage has been updated to display the recent In Depth articles as well as other great Notre Dame content.
wow that's pretty bold.
Hey!
If you're friends with me on Facebook go like my last status ; THANKS!!!
tell em you my bae...watch they get sum more real fast
As you age, your skin sheds at a much slower rate and also thins.
Forget harsh chemicals and painful peels.
Exfoliate naturally with creo!
Romney is going to get people off Medicaid by turning them into greeters at Walmart.
It's a High Compliment when morons like Stein and OReily insult POTUS Obama.
Republicans including Nixon are despicable creatures
young ave the slave
Getting ready for studiotour12 !
Stop by and see if you can find a surprise from
I don't love you, I don't hate you.
I don't know how I feel.
Getting ready to post race day logistics on our website
This ain't sex now playing by ....ur the last voice I hear each night.
luv u
ok,alright...thats enough of my little mini rant...how bout that 2pac hologram?lol
when we jamming?!
Happy Birthday !!!!
Can't wait to toast you with prosecco on tap!
California friends I am moving back to LA next March.
I am available for photoshoots  weddings..
Spread the word  get compensated!
3
Home base!!
Tomorrow is National Joe Day!
If your name is any form of Joe, come to  tomorrow  get a free cup of JOE!
Bring yo money, keep yo problems.
i am sorry if i hurt any of my fans, i just do not know who i am yet.
Remember, Life's a climb  Miley Cyrus
yeah I'm about to head to bed as well.
That was what I thought but wanted to be clear.
A lot of opinions lie in presuppositions.
:
I will get to LA today.
dammit.
can't wait to see you on Monday sissy 3
You are a quick study indeed ;
say no more ...
STEVE BLAKE NEEDS TO BE BENCH THE WHOLE SERIES FOR THIS L HE JUST GAVE US...
Its already on the way!
RT : can't wait to get mine in the mail!
Finished new arrangement of the first movement of the Rachmaninoff 3rd Piano Concerto, I will post it online as soon as possible
who are you and what have you done with Javier?!?
Today's App of the Day reminds me of my prestartup life, when I was making crazy CA money instead of funding other people's lifestyles...
We agree!
: keep it up buddy, don't give up, you can achieve anything you want.
godbless
its chain restaurant food.
Not good.
Lol
I've heard advantage used as a verb twice today.
Here come the live auction items  Joe Paterno signed football!
Jimmy Fallon tickets!
let me mentioned that your new CD is spiritually renewing.
Nuggets don't blow this now, you've come too far
vitamins baby girls set with blanket
RT : Jamming at with in the CocaCola Lounge!
Permission to join this conversation?
cc
hahaha me too
So many ppl Tweet nice things about our beer.
We're humbled, and since I can't keep up: Thanks!
I love you all!
MWAH!
I'm careful not to give into theatrics when times are tough, I don't like it when somebody gives into outside pressure and puts on a...
Eliminate group assignments for intermediate accounting class
Alexa Vega Grew Up Fast 
I have followed you to your new home.
My home hasn't changed; still waiting for the refollow.
haha they have em for mt olivet too.
Hilarious
I never got the text
The best RT : Joshua Ledet killed it tonight!!
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Grey Goose chilled?
Just do you know....
If I were a bird, you'd be the first person I'd crap on.
So heads up, jerk.
RT I hate people when put there pics on ugly fåcebooooookon iphone
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Jane Austen
Im not shy i just dont like you
Greetings from Fort Lauderdale.
The plane just touched down.
Miami in tye AM!
Austrian Death Machine 3
that's the best kind of dungeon, no?
Kafkaesque.
Teachers better lay back these next couple weeks, I've been busting my ass w/ all this fcat  eoc testing plus trying to keep my grades up.
2 approaches: Working back from established Goals and Working forward to discover new Goals
running late..
I hope trades some doctorft picks away to get him back
Got done visiting Arlington cemetery.
I did send a request to followback : : :
I think it might be time to finally learn to play my guitar.
Any recommendations on places to take lessons in MKE?
All that money Sheree supposedly has and she couldn't buy her mama an outfit and doctorwstring ponytail?
OMG HAS RETURNED ERRYBODY
Is this the corporate twitter account?
I know that doesn't actually fit but fuck it
He is in Jacksonville BUT will relo!
Thaks so much for your reply.
So proud of you : You're doing the most amazing things, and you deserve the world 3 xo
i wish i could fly real shit lol

get out.
That is word for word what I said yesterday.
I want them to look at the name and know what it is.
Nothing fancy.
Awhh!
He is cute!
Listening to White Stripes on vinyl while getting ready for prom 
Compare me to dope dealers and ball players, Cuss I'm dope nigga and balls playa.
woww has over 4 million followers.
Nothing will work unless you do
I get so mad I misspell words 
: Not every successful man is a good father.
But every good father is a successful man
Told myh sister what she would redo around the house...
without thinking about it she said everything wowshekrazy 
What's up followers  twitter?
What's up on yo timeline hmu.
no probs!: just love my followers!!3
idkkk either !!
and i rarely get sick so whenever i do , its badd :x
bad things come to those who beg
im Going to Kidnap Louis !
Get ready for pure Falcons DOMINATION
Did Dave in Monona just say Hey Dick, mine's bigger?
Creepiest comment in BIG1070 history.
And Molitor def dips.
Why didn't I take the train?
O right bc I wanted to be able to leave on my own schedule.
Guess I also wanted to sit in place for an hr ugh
maybe I will some time, but I don't really want to give people on twitter my real number because I gave it to this girl 
hahaha.
That's the big question of the day!!
:
What up mother chucklers!?
opening line at elaborate mother's day show I'm planning
getting Charley's Grilled Subs 
Love my Sidekick Andoctorid 4G, I'll NEVER Trade it for a phone everyone has, called iPhone, fck that.
umm...
Google it
That's enough from Ted Lilly, thank you and good night sir.
Where's the hook?
if you find a bar that's open at 9am, you let me know!!
I might just meet you there...haha!
Glad the sun is out and so are our dogs...they get some needed exercise.
Your the girl, girls know how girls feel lolol.
I was shy to talk about it.
I was like oh no ima have to express myself.
Hm...
6 of the top 10 free apps in Google Play right now were produced by ....Google.
Very!!!!!
I just look at ppl like that with the confused face...
It makes me wonder what they feel about ppl they do know.
: RT : Congrats to Chris Caldon  John Keenan from on your recent success!
MA Tip of the DayYou can use the Accounts Receivables as working capital when acquiring a business and you do not have a lot of cash
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
7
Nothing is more exciting than a 1 goal playoff hockey game 7 in the closing minutes!
I think, seem to remember weird colors in the past
Maryland born.
Start with The End of the Road.
Rivals Catcher in the Rye IMO.
The Sotweed Factor will put you in the floor.
And ...
we'll have to check in the oldfashioned way.
Fingers crossed it all goes well.
Media fabrication that OKC was coasting in regular season finale until MWP elbow.
It was a 4 point game.
OKC built lead after MWP ejected
Yo yo at my show.
And yes there's shrimp
Oh good new.
Strokes to Henry from his Twitter friends.
We are innovative, affordable, and community oriented!
when you come up for air, let's break bread.
Fingers crossed :
It is working now.
Good work!!!!
Out tv'ing the tv'ers!

Competition will only make us stronger.
Looking forward to it.
Busily wrkn on R own website FINALLY!!
It's hard 2 tell a client how important a website is when U dont even have 1.
I have 8 vacation days to use or lose by the end of June, I need ideas Twitterverse.
I didn't have a chance to meet you :'
haha, that's why my assistant director bought multiple copies.
She knew it was going to happen.
RT : You speak for those who aren't heard.
That's why I'm a democrat.
One more class and then pep rally.
Ugghh.
Please go by quickly.
Tiago Splitter has 12 points and Patty Mills has 9.
Derrick Byars makes the last basket of the half.
Spurs lead the Suns 5853 at halftime.
Heading down to to start setting up for our screening of ScavengerHunt!
Warningtrack power!
We need a breeze blowing out ...
oh, wait.
It's probably PASS
One was about Learning theories, the other was about parental mental illness, and the last one is about two religions
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir mens blood and probably themselves will not be realized.
RT : COUNTDOWN: 10 days until Up by Jesse McCartney hits stores and online on the Step Up 3D Soundtrack!
Love for today.
Live for tomorrow.
Bleh my floor smells like cigs..
C'mon at least smoke the good stuff!
we are hoping to open by the end of May...
fingers crossed.
We will keep you updated!
then our afternoon snack.
Yeah we suck.
I'd like to go ahead and order that.
How to proceed?
I can tell that he is use to them hoodoctorts!
Boys suck well the ones I know atleast!!
:
nowwatching Family Guy
thnx!
very kind of you.
I will roll the public beta in August.
Also looking forward to our own collaboration later.
So true!
Thank you for the FF!
Natural Foodie: Colorcoded cookbook is feast for the eyes: We wanted to doctorw people in who were on the outskirts of this nutrition...
I'm getting caught up on twitter and am enjoying seeing and hearing about your journey.
Blessings!
Shout out to Morgan State alumni I Love Morgan Day!
You left out informative!
RT : In my office having a very somber, random conversation about Vietnam with
Just did a lil Diy project...
Even 's short topics are fascinating.
Wish this session was longer.
When the breath wanders the mind also is unsteady.
But when the breath is calmed the mind too will be still.
Happy Friday!
Get a head start on the Speak Up process, register today!
Contact the Speak Up Team for more information!
Larry doctorw, Kurt Rambis, Brian Shaw
Okay future Boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now.
A1: We go for mornings...but often miss.
Do deskside stress balls count?:
The Pope talks about Jesus with far less leaden solemnity than Ken Burns about the national parks.
you and I both girl!
Kimmel hired the wrong writers
Trivial personal note: I've lost 10 lbs in 3 wks simply by cutting most rice, bread, potatoes, pasta  soda.
Who knew starches were so bad?
got it!
Will do.
...but then i dont
That was the big announcement?
K.
I'm gonna die in germany.
Forever alone.
Never meeting austy.
.: no debate on software patents right now, so why incrementalism?
Tech co.s won't be your friends.
Creativity and innovation, sounds good to me.
He's obviously trying to convert you.
Let's be honest.
Glad you got your tix!
We're selling out!
Keep on trying to spin it...but snow in the spring just ain't right ;
My trainer got me sore and I gotta go in the morning 
yes ma'am!!
they side swiped me 
One of the hardest things about moving to Jacksonville: The closest is 2 hours away.
Please deliver?
cfaleadercast It's either in what you do every day, or it's dead.
Marcus Buckingham.
Enjoy this beautiful sunny  71 degree weather while you can!
Today could be one of the last days for lunch on the patio.
What Your Heart Finds Attractive Is Not Necessarily What Your Eyes May Find Attractive
There sure is an interesting story being written here....
It's a fairytale ending,
yo you got some big nice juicy boobies
Why, thank you !
I CAN'T FIND MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME!
i'm glad we're working it out babe
Off to Smoothie King for an ice cold Green Tea Tango then I'm parking on the couch to catch up on the last episode of Dancing With the Stars
for real
huntington ashram monastery?
I tried to see you in Avengers, but some douche started txt'ing in the movie, I got slashy, then, well, things get blurry.
In a foul mood this evening.
Need to do something to improve things or just wallow in some selfpity for a bit.
Had a great day : can't wait to see my boy tomorrow 3
Today in 1788: Maryland becomes 7th state to ratify the U.S.
Constitution.
Quaker Instant Oatmeal Stout
What'd you do this weekend, besides watch the Hawks win in a SICK overtime?
roll in the grass until scraps is dizzy.
maybe longer.
School still :
People don't know what Congress is
Come see our new short film Cut '83!
at Denver Film Center on Sep 9!
Part of the 2011 48 Hour Film Project Best of Denver screening!
I'm pretty sure I won't get that much sleep tonight
Getting ready to jump on a plane to go to Branson, MO.
Yeah  about that.
Think this country tried that already.
Abolished by the 24th Amendment.
mornin Randy, keep doing that work for the team.
Been a fan of you since Miami days.
Anyone enjoying happy hour tonight?
We're headed to Hoops downstairs to hang out after a long work week!
I did ima text u
Panama City is my next destination
with putting and grip....right index finger down on shaft or tucked under?
Thanks for all of ur advice!!
: Awh, thank you, you shouldn't of had.
: Right back at'cha, thanks for the tweet supersexy :
and when did Suppan lose his....
even up the change in scenery may do them both good what 2 lose on either teams side?
Case in point: this morning my son asked me what the mood was like in the theatre during Vader's daddy reveal.
Never give up.
Thanx to Robert  Jeffrey  SkyClub term A ATL.
Missed flight to SFO  told no way today.
They got Eva  I on next plane!
I just got on twitter for the first time today so I don't know
I'll come back, I promise ida what that bitch says 
Hubs and I tag teamed it  got kids in bed before 8  now it's time to party.
And by party I mean pay bills  clean house.
Some spirits can't be caged, others slowly die when caged, and some find comfort in confinement.
There's no shame in being any one.
Enjoying a beautiful evening doctorve out to the Texas Hill Country
I know last nights Lakers loss was horrible.
OKC played near perfect.
Unfortunately for them, a performance like that only counts as one win
Wow!!
What a day of training and lifting very sore loving the pain !!
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT
So I wait for the day....and the courage to say how much I love you......
yes I do 3
...good morning y'all!!
Any recommendations for FT ??
...I'm starting my day with some Tyrone Davis on the background!!
:D
Thanks  and thanks for the follow!
There was a point when Hitchens's apostasy post9/11 was unacceptable for me.
I believe now that he regarded human rationality most
RT : if you see me on here you are entitled to a date with you were here 2 hrs ago.
I'll take the date with Jack.
just chilln n u
Saw The Avengers last night.
Good lord that thing was tight.
More please...
glad to know chivalry isn't dead :
Awesome!
My son and I are hiking down in to the GrandCanyon later this month.
Still pretty chilly on the rim, eh?
No kidding, I hope she gets fired next week.
My guess for next week is Theresa.
Italian, British, Australian, and Spanish
Hyperbole is rampant RT : idiot squad is in full force on rcf.
Apparently it's not ok to criticize the TT selection
72 hours in new york, followed by 36 in seattle.
I don't think I'm ready for this week.
never again !!
NOT!!: People have been fooling themselves into thinking money equals happiness for thousands of years.
/bizethics Let me know if you are on this list now.
I think it works, but I need some feedback
I'm pretty sure the White House is holding out on the Bin Laden pics because they're going to do a whole hologram thing at the Super Bowl.
Alright, Twitterers what are your plans for tomorrow?
Miley and ray appeared in WWE Raw...
Thanks for the shout out!
We love that we can be sort of competitors but still support each other.
Thanks to for his infinite wisdom.
I need to get some rest at some point...
or at least run a grammar check when I tweet.
LOL
so stoked for Friday!
Do you have any Pittsburgh dates in the future?
Missed you last time
Perfect day to celebrate the birth of on the Edelman rooftop after work
thanks for following me
Got off work, went to bar,met fup people, went home, doctornk.
Passed out, lol I AM LIVIN TJE LIFE

thanks for the FF!
'cause I knew that all my friends were in San Diego; for the long comiccon weekend.
Last chance to get the shot.
Shoot with subjects face toward camera  eyes diverted from camera.
Makes you think.
Tomorrow: sideways peace.
High expectations lead to disappointment.
School strts on monday D: omg im so nervous
It's been 24 hours since Virginia's son was in an accident.
Please pray for him, Virginia, and her entire family.
Happy Easter All!!!
back massage now
Outkast Pandora on point right now
We Keep gaining and losing followers ahaha.
We hit 695 like 10 times!!!!
x
I've been watching tv all day , and I just realized I wasted my whole saturday 
RT Make your way here to
my cat is an indoor cat, perched on hind feet in the window looking for all the world like she's at a movie.
You too!!
Weather like this on January 31st in Milwaukee makes getting around campus nice and easy!
does lady gaga follow you?
If she doesnt do you want me to DM her your twittttaaah?
:
Hey Bryan.
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to hearing from you  reading your tweets.
Letting kanye get into his zone
's coverage of WhitneyComingHome ceremony.
Yes!:NewarkNewHopeWhitney link.
Thank u for the human portrayal of our diva.
Fab Design Tip: Do you want to reupholster a chair?
Check that is worth it by checking if it is made out of hard wood.
please follow and I?
Thanks!
You are our inspiration!
Back in the Bronx had a good BBQ in my house now back to working hard tomorrow
Giving someone else equalrights does not infringe or take away your rights.
It just makes it illegal to enforce your prejudice and hate.
hahahahaha that is hysterical
: Are you running, or are you moral support?.
I ran that thing bro.
I already signed you up for next years race!
So...
How was your spring break?
mine was pretty boring..
Well, school tomorrow.
Off to bed.
NBC: The US Secret Service has revoked the top secret security clearances of all 11 agents and officers.
Focus on George Kottaras being shirtless.
That seems to calm most women down no matter what.
Hey Ted; it's like an archaeological dig over here listening to isolated tracks!
We were just there...Thanks !
: Today I chose alcohol over sleep
Done a lot in the past two days.
Really looking forward to the next step.
Anyone know any Tumblr experts?
Spring roster and schedule have been updated, check out the page info for full details...
I am in need of a back rub...
back in the studio this weekend!!
wishful thoughts on the mind.
Today at noon PDT Tune in!
Go to Facebook.com/Yoplait for details!
See you there!
Buzzed Barnes and Nobleing.
Prize to whoever accidentally spends the most money!
They will now.
Brow down.
BBN : Louisville will not submit.
Sometimes the most precious things we have are also the ones we take for granted the most.
What's the theme, genre?
Keep the votes coming, if you were to choose a MVP fighter for CFA who would it be?
We are letting the CFA fights fans choose him.
I'm going to the movies with my parents
Thanks for the mention!
What did you get to have?
I want those model bitches with the huge asses
Hacked by her daughter once again Shoutout to
HEY DO Y'ALL REMEMBER THE BOX MUSIC VIDEOS ON CHANNEL 10 BACK IN THE DAY????
I've got my feet on the ground and I don't go to sleep to doctoram...
you've got your head in the clouds; you're not at all what you seem.
Today was very very gay
Law without justice is a wound without a cureWilliam Scott Downey
coming up at 11...new information after a horse in Franklin County is shot while out in a pasture
A burnt child is afraid of fire
Haven't been tweeting much.
Sorry freeps.
School is keeping me busy.
The Jobs Bill may have bipartisan support, but loosening regulations on startups must be music to the ears of every fraudster in the U.S.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope to chat soon!
thank you for introducing us.
I appreciate that.
Any and all help is greatly appreciated.
sorry I wont be able to make it buddy.
Still in Minnesota with the fam.
Best of luck tonight
In 1965 started as an 8 wk summer program.
Today 1 million are served each day, 1/2 the eligible kids.
Looking for something uplifting to watch on TV?
HBN TV can be found on channel 20 on Direct TV and Dish Network  Tune in and be blessed!
Goodbye!
3
Sorry I've not been around, lost a couple of dear ladies recently, guess I'm still grieving.
20ThingsAboutMe 8.
First impression means a lot to me.
There's nothing wrong with two things: A A little bump and grind and B Tomfoolery
Yep, I'm feeling like that.
Now, if I can install a pedestal sink, I'll put Plumber on my CV/ Ha!
I think i like some one else than my bf :/
Im Hungry Af'
doctormstep, makes me want to just go fucking wild.
Networking and education for filmmakers to raise standards.
Health and safety, contracts, professorssionalism etc.
Tim Tebow being listed in the top 100 NFL players is absolutely ridiculous.
just finished our round.
brent beat me by 2 strokes.
Kelly Rowland is gonna fuck around  bring back RB.
11184 words, 36 pages, 131 cites, and way too much of my time later, my Entertainment Law final paper is submitted.
now only 2 exams to go.
happy birthday my brother!!!
B
haha, that picture uses instagram to comical effect!
Bueno!
I can dig it.
Ugh being trendy has gotten way too trendy
y'all got some of those yellow limes?
Where did the year go!?
what a gentleman.
I want to go to the US so bad!
But it is so expensive!
You should come to Japan!
You DJ too yes?
Who's heard of The Green Language?
what a game.
Not sure which was more impressive?
2 strike Miggy hit off Peavey or walk off.
Memorable bday for ya
and for tweeting, obviously!
:
Hey I didn't name them that,they did!
How about Douche Felix?
everyone was omg yes there is!!
But its on the easst coast..
Hey chica!!!
Glad you found me....
lol
Would you like a pretty lie OR thee ugly truth?
today was awesome!!
And what is significant about 4/20
how's the big ol' MN doing.
Looking forward to seeing you hopefully end of May
So where you going to college, Q?
Oh, you hate your job?
Why didn't you say so?
There's a support group for that It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar
I graduated high school in 2005.
Fuck I'm old.
:
Congrats to CEO Rick Waddell for earning the 2012 Humanitarian Award from the !
And yet .
Me teeth look like they did when I got my braces off ..
Yet i still need them again .
Life sucks ..
!
Talk to 'em any kind of way the bitches like that;
Linksys WRT54GL.
I'm running a Tomato 1.25 remix that includes OpenVPN.
Haven't observed any CPU issues with the chosen L7 filters.
oh fuck no.
aha
I shouldn't be working at a restaurant when I sneeze every few minutes.
I did too...thank u
Many people are working from home.
I'm going in, but I live on north side so I shouldn't have any problems.
Yall did enough support to get me invited to the coast 2 coast industry mixer in April.
Thank u and I hope to win this for you and me.
1
Call me crazy, but I just don't like country music at all.
You glued the dictionary together?
Congratulations to the on their purty new site.
thank you for the RT
I will be soon!
Be with God and be at peace and with grace, W.H.
Oh, and there's a breakfast spot hidden in this little shopping area off Fig just beyond Adams.
Have you been there?
I have a sign in front of my coffee shop advertising FREE coffee, and no one is coming in.
What's wrong with you Pearl?
What do you spend 2.00 a day on???
The definition of insanity, doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different...
doctor Ruth Clark presenting in Denver!
April 27  28 on evidencebased training.
www.ispifrc.org
Yes, the important part is to be open minded and supportive of tech
Only in PDX?
Vegan strip club, neighbors told by state liquor commission to work out differences.
Most Tapout wearers would fit easily in to any 1990s MC Hammer video.
Hat popped up, wild designs/colors on everything, baggy pants.

There is always that one song that messes up your pandora flow...
Quite frankly, I don't give a damn.
Chicago, capital of Illinois?
NATO goofs in video
Powellmondesire, turnaround principal of prmse aca.
was principal of Staw.
Mansion which is under investigation 4 cheating
strange to hear Marv on CBS
The lovely J A N E L L E books an EBAY campaign!!
Yes  much easier to use a tool w sts and parents if tchrs and admin are comfortable using it themselves
Another gorgeous day, perfect excuse for a lunchtime stroll to visit to any of the amazing market eateries!
What are your favorites?
We have music on iTunes!
you should go down there and mix to doctorm up business
I say Ugly Man and the Knick fans on my TL know who Im talking about.
Hilarious
When my mom tries to tell me the scoop on Justin and I'm sitting there like What are you talking about, you have no clue.
Wow, two outrageous Hitler analogies in one day!
Great work, GOP/Catholic Church!
Sorry but im too poor to be taking a plane anywhere.
Wait, there's live hockey on right now?
Thanks again.
SO kind of you.
My parents are recording the same show, one in hd and one in regular vision.
No wonder the dvr is always full.
your such a bitch.
the next home game is the Galaxy.
We do bus rides and tailgates before.
I can send you more info if you want...
I seriously hate Adele
3X CODiE winner Best Postsecondary Instructional Solution, Best Instruction Solution,  Best Postsecondary Education Solution
CantYouJustSTFU cuss yo breath be clowning mann
CVSgifts I'm considering a water fountain for my kitteh!
Tonight on I REMEMBER, Bill Streicher  Chuck Boie discuss the Mitchell Gallery of Flight, a museum located At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Loved 's team name  Fresno Yacht Club.
How did they come up with that?
If my parents would stop taking my brother's side on everything
robert please follow mee:
watching yankees, just saw arod hit no.
599 i hope he hits 600 at
Thank You for taking time to answer me.....your good people JR.....
Seahawks turning into the NFL's version of the Oregon Nike Ducks  Panthers new helmets look pretty cool!
This breakfast line needs a coffee only line.
OMG!
you ok?
On the 4th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me...half off all tee shirts!
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Just punched a bug to death.
Don't mess with me
You and REALLY know your roses :
narrowing the gap btwn virtual and real life!
My voice is completely gone
glitter nail polish 
Manufactured Landscapes takes an artistic look at the gross industrial transformation globalization is making to our fragile ecosystem.
what happened ?
:
Badluck:I Got My Cup Of Soda  I Didnt Realize That My Baby Nephew Put HOT COFFEE In It!!!
thank you to you both :
whats up sexy
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl: be faithful, respectful and listen when she talks.
Her mistrust will send her packing; no man is that good.
Does this mean you're voting Republican now?
I bet Kim Jong's son is stoked he just got promoted to Demigod.
god i love channel lol so funny xD
Town Volunteer Appreciation Reception.
Hundoctords thanked  one received US President's Volunteer Service Award for volunteering 4000 hours.
thank you : 
oh joey nt use ths account again
I'm w/ ya.
Already told them I'm out for this sum.
4th of July parade on June 30?
Please.
Also
makes the BEST cheesecakes!!!
www.reuschelles.com
aw yea
nope.
just got confirmation from a friend that delivers to Wendy's.
Yum owns KFC, but Wendy's is owned by Wendy's Company.
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST IS ON TV RIGHT NOW, GUYS.
If the giants win by 2 pts will Tom Brady be the MVP??
WI: Recall Republican Governor Scott Walker Primary Election polls open at 7:00 a.m.
today May 8th.
General Election on June 8th.
VOTE!
working on redesigning my portfolio...been way too busy lately  graduated in december so now I have more time woot
Lumpia yummy!
Favorite food!
u was ready!
Lol.
Fuck school today I'm falling asleep in every class!
The Weeknd  House of Balloons.
Heard the album yet?
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Salted giant prawn!
And an oyster the size of my hand...
Today 5 yrs ago I met you, and till this day I thank god for bringing you into my life.
I've alway told you since freshman year that you
Will do
Are you living a life based on honesty and integrity?
Skylar and Phillip need to go home
Agreed!
Good lunch, and it was nice catching up.
hey I'm following you now :D
Can't wait for HH!
RT Go to happy hour, have fun and get home early enough to have a good day tomorrow!
What are you doing Nov 26?
I'm going to La Mafia Buy your tickets and VIP tables today.
I think my laptop is going down, it's making all these funny noises.
Lucky me ...
just in time for finals!
Does anyone else feel like MichiganSt's student section is way more impressive than ours?
don't let them fool you.
buzzed cooking is doctornk cooking.
Looking for amexseamless5 love
you hoopin today if so where at a nigga trying to hoop
Listen to this new ELP album
be in an Austin MAHONE  Alex fan video?
Kind of an ok night last night...
I had a wonderful dinner with my live Sara Diaz : I love hurrr!
Very True!
Me neither!
I've been wondering for weeks
Itz a good thing I went to check on those tix tho.
I was approaching boot status!
940 later..all things legit.
Moral: Don't procrastinate!
red devil lounge tonight
Sometimes the cookie crumbles...
Bo, King!
Thanks a lot for raising the prices and decreasing the sizes of your iced coffees!
Bo!
From now on, I make my own.
Watching legion ones again gonna watch daybreakers after
Today: Tear Film Dynamics Associated with Squeeze Blink in doctor Eye Subjects from 3:455:30PM.
Almost like being in Florida!
: It's about the same temperature here today.
Jesus!
Something Special, Supernatural About That Name!
is speaking my language!
They desire to improve the lives of women and families through business ownership.
Wonderful!
Nothing against music sharing through social media, but I know 98 of my internet friends don't care.
When I make music, I'll seek you out.
Hit me up whenever brotha, I got SatSun off now, just good family time in the pool lately...
I hate group projects so much.
Especially when people don't do their part of it and you are combining parts, so you end up doing it.
hey Greg Anthony i dont want to buy a phone or a fkn doctorer and i know that 3 weeks of crazy basketball games isn't monotonous so stfu god
Scott Pilgrim was pretty awesome.
Aw..
What kept you awake for two consecutive nights already?
:
LOFL what a puss
Who has a mom to love IRL and to follow on Twitter?
Happy day!
Believe in yourself.
Your mind is your worst enemy and hardest critic.
Clearpath is hiring an outside account manager with responsibility for our cloud business.
Please contact me to discuss.
am i invited to the partay?
Mine's the 4th.
You're going to bite my tongue..?
Uh..
Thanks for following me man.
I really hope you enjoy viewing my artwork.
Its not many females that can speak their mind and be real and still be loved by many....
i do this
about to step in the booth a murder hijack a plane we coming out with hot banging rawr raps get yo gat cuz we putting Vegas on the Map
Just googled an ActionScript problem.
The first result was a question someone asked on a forum 4 years ago.
I ASKED THE QUESTION!!
Listening to Right now those women blessed enough to be in attendance are introducing themselves.
If I am not ripped by the third month.
I am beating up every trainer.
I promise that wasn't our intention!
Headed to the eye doc.
E R T G V W.
Here's hopin' I can read the smallest line...or any line at all, really.
What's up with Baylor uniforms?
Colorado should get 10 points as a penalty
Ash what are you and selena doing now?
wow Chelsea hasn't even passed the half...Barcelona is back to normal...
Consider it sprung!
Grey Album and Jaydiohead.
What more can I say to ya?
Someone should study the affect of buttered popcorn aroma on productivity.
Popcorn pops, productivity goes down...
m, popcorn.
when you gonna realease some new shit?
Is it time to get your financial house in order?
PPL hosts a great series of daily workshops for Money Week, 121pm, April 24th27th!
Of either.
Gotta leave a little room in the discussion for De La Soul's 3 Feet High and Rising.
I want that shirt !
TY RT  mentions: very kind of you!
Have a great wkend!
Picking sxsw panels has got to be what hoarders go through when choosing which cat to keep from their 100
Hello.
Where are you my friend.
All of us here at and wishing moms everywhere a very happy Mother's Day!
Some people can't get enough of trade rumors.
I can't stand reading anything that's not already fact.
Has a black belt.
Or is a black belt.
Verbs.
Leif's still advertise w/antiinsurance co claims that by definition can't be proven.
Not getting me to trust them.
i forgot to tweet all day, i feel dirty.
bed, lunch shift, star trek, true blood!
yes yes yes!!
Must getting older, ready for bed and it's only 8:30
ill never forgive myself for missing bamboozle this year.
this is fucked up.
never heard of it.
Theres still another half of season n playoffs to avg 18 and 8 and cut down on TOs.
TRY OUT lol
.: but there are plenty of members in Cong who are paying attention.
innact Need to move in Cong., courts, and in activism.
That link didn't work
Gilbert Wallace!
Wanted in connection for the slaying of 17 childoctorn and the orphanage
is amazing!
cant stop listening to her song Want U Back !
I voted today.
Did you?
92 more followers to reach 1000 follow me i follow back
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 40
Totally geeking out to Rob Paulsen's cartoon voiceacting podcast!
I am SUCH a dork!
We!!!!
The holiest of all spots on earth is where an ancient hatred has become a present love.
I got my best friend back!
Don't forget!
Today ONLY  20 off all FURNITURE at Diversity Thrift!!!
Listening to an exposing and awesomely scathing story about Facebook on featuring and
Look who is trying their hand at rapping?
Or ...
what was that??
Who's seeing Avengers tonight???
Good choice!
RT : I will head on over to after meeting with tomorrow!
:
I agree!
In of my mottos haha
So THATS why its called Skull Splitter.
Get to audition for a feature film with ludacris in it!!
ROLL OUT
sigh ...
there is such beauty and poetry in each and every one of our very ordinary extraordinarly just us and friends/family lives ...
xo
it's gunna be crazy!
Coooolege!
Max successfully wripped open the toy I bought him today.
nw..Scarface, from 1932, not 1983..
though both Tony's are crazy bastards in my opinion..
Go outside and pick up the nearest rock.
You are now holding something that is probably older than your grandparents.
Replace negative thoughts with positive ones
When weather.com says 'feels like 13' there should be parentheses that say
You should be sorry!!
Congratulations to Kathura Edwards, she's won 2 tickets to the Lady Gaga concert on March 29th at Viejas Arena!
Thanks for Liking us!
wats with the chinese face?
I'm not enjoying the atmosphere and pay at my 9  5, are you?
Let's connect about an individual business soon!
RT A vocation is more satisfying than a job.
Whenever possible, do what you love.
3/9/1789B.
Harrison: Mens minds are as varient as their faces...for both being the work of nature, are equally unavoidable
great win by the giants mate.
Now the doldoctorms of a sportless February!
Does anyone know if Panera has a grilled veggie panini on their menu?
Man The Weeknd Is Dope Af
1991Danny Bonaduce arrested for a fist fight with a transvestite prostitute.
I love when the bus arrives at the stop the same time I do, especially when I haven't checked the time.
follow back?;
I may look completely calm, but in my mind, I've punched you in the face like three times.
Just woke up
and all that counts is here and now.
They'll never top my Margarita!
Twitter trends weird shit.
Writing a paper about IAU.
Very early stages but expecting to publish.
Would love to chat.
DM for details.
i dnk man spotify 90s radio playlist is pretty close
Any chance Dunbar Poet HS alum Tavon Austin can return playoff punts for purple black on January15th?
Crazy homegrown talent
Congratulations to my baby girl, Chantel for graduating from high school today.
Mommy love you!!
MUUAAHHH!!!!
that video is creepy like really idk i might never sleep cause of it
that's funny
If i was a person in the old days i would save the slaves not toture them.
Like me.
Unassuming beasts.
Need an admin??
:
So...8 year old asks why are privates private?
um, yeah it's time for bed!
I like this Mardi.
: Pass it on.
Creative Confession with Delano Johnson WkDays 9am est on TwitterFaceBook
On my way brotha..oh wait you have no idea who i am!
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 1
Now that's a win!
The new Big Three Bryant, Hill and Ebanks...
But you love it when they doctorp money on your art?
Right?
Rebel, rebel with a caue.
syd I think that was around the time we attempted to color our hair hot pink and went to lasting to watch
Im cold so my body sweats.
please keep your head up doll!
Love you : its a beautiful day !
im just trying to talk to someone
Is it possible that the foul pole at Citifield is red instead of yellow?
I am painting it right now seems strangearen't they yellow?
I learned today focus on one path and it will open up many paths I desire.
I believe that.
: Just bcuz some 1 is worldly successful doesn't mean God is pleased with their actions..
Choose your hero's wisely
Womack unsung again.
I so love him.
Just saw a sign that said tanning childcare
man its a ghost out there they callin all these fouls on
I so wish I was sitting next to you so WE could gossip!!!
where are you getting these percents from?
:P lol
This friday i cant wait asdghjkl MTT
Thank you, Susanna!
No hangtown dude...
qually ..
bringing it home!
Thanks for the follow, Barbara!
My Oscar Pick, Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer
Balancing work, family, kids and women's issue is a hot topic in today's forum.
As long as he does it as compared to the last two times when he didn't.
sorry.
First week.
I assume your background isn't black..
Any FS apps that could be affecting this?
And what OS are you runnin?
Designing with a mouse is like trying to sign your name with a hockey puck.
Feeling a little home sick today ...
How niceto feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Kurt Vonnegut, SlaughterhouseFive
Yes!
Well, sort of.
I have the DVR is set!
Hot Chip u have been around for many years n ive tried 2 give u guys a go so many times but no matter how big u get i wont like your music.
My daughter, Kelli, graduates from the UW in 10 days  the Kohl Center.
Started out  Arizona State but finishes as a Badger!
Music Review: Katy Perry  Teenage doctoram: The Complete Confection
Beautiful!
Congratulations, Dad!
It's dodgeball night in Sacramento!
300 dodgeballers, taking over Blue Cue for some fun afterwards.
It's so.
The Patriots doctorft Nate Ebner from Ohio st.
He is a Rugby pro and special teams specialist
InMiddleSchool I remember when me and use to argue about sports everyday in gym class them Ligon days
perfect!!!
Looking forward to it!
something wrong???
OccupyAustin at Sxsw reading UnitedGA :: there is an immigrant detention center in Hutto Texas
Been away from Twitter for awhile.
Last day of holiday here.
Back to work tomorrow.
Need an art break.
Off to Phx Art Mus later.
Congrats David Clarkson on a 30 goal Season and Devils on their Playoff Berth!!!!
Can't wait for Flyers and Penguins beatdown in first round
if I'm not flirting with the edge of getting fired I'm not doing my job.
What kind of MEAL DEALS/COUPONS do you want to see in the new year?
Best recommendation gets a PRIZE!
Make sure these doors are locked at all times, it's black bike week.
Kenny Powers Hahahah, I love Eastbound  Down.
Laundoctor for a month.
Forced to carry teams gear when broadcaster goes top shelf next year
I have to study but i cant.
I work for a Walmart In MI.
Our Xmas music started November 1rst.
Oddly, it was shut off yesterday and today.
: great shots!!
Thank you so much for sharing!
Linfield: humanitarians work in ugly contexts, so they must engage with ugliness.
tami roman is such a bully.
Say hi to for me.
what you wanna do like its space and opportunity
Then I went to see the Rio Grande Gourge it did seem like road nowhere  then wow!
there it was very DEEP!
Lmfao!
Jake just walked into my room playing birthday cake and just started dancing.
lolololol mademynight!!
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.
Anon
Thanks for the follow.
Your work looks amazing.
I'm so nervous about the MNF game that I had to climb on my dusty treadmill just to move!
But I needed it anyway, I'm a fatty.
haha, do you not remember what happened!?
Lol...
Waited 35 minutes past my appt and walked out.
New salon today!
:
Put your whole heart and soul into your success.
Don't hold anything back and don't let anyone stop or discourage you.
Can't sleep
I feel like God is testing us everyday at work...
Sooner or later I'm going to fail this test...
Day 1 presenters continued:
you cast the spell on me spell on me,you hit me like the sky fell on me fell on me.
cool, my wife and I will definitely swing through.
If this N.O.
heat don't take us out first!
Mankind is made great or little by its own will
Thirsty Thursday means ladies doctornk FO' FREE from 1011pm PLUS Paperplanes all the way from LA!
Should be a crazy night...
Hilo no good.
Do heads up PLO mtt
Close, but no cigar.
aha tht is awkward!
R u spending the night at her house?
Y'all remember when camistern was the shit
Assist uses your paired and connected phone to dial 911 if your airbag deploys and,if the emergency fuel pump shutoff is activated
Going to Miami tomorrow with !!!
:
This is just taking way to long and I know you think I'm way to wrong
BDubs 
Everyone's about to be home and complaining about seeing the same people they go to the club to see every weekend.
Hey if you are in Chicago the weekend of May 19th, will you go to prom with me?
Go for the 3, no foul games!
now that I've narrowed my derby choices to 4, i can begin to study.
idk if u already followed me but
Hey !!!
I do the third one

i hate wen i take a female out nd she ask am i goin to pay..........i guess those da type of nigga dey use to dealing wit
That's because Karp was his alter ego today, a sub par Pro Golfer as opposed to his normal ego, a sub par Pro MTTer
Holy crap!!
I'm so glad I'm not the only one in DC that's been on two first dates with the same person, ha!
hey what's up sis.
OMG RU is this a joke!?!
Sharon Needles is the most amazing performer that has been on ...
CROWN HER!!!!!
Over 90 per cent of Americans are in desperate need of basic dental and vision care
the bad news is I am sick today and couldn't study at all.
the worse news is i still have to study my face off...
:
Agree Vic.
Went to a game there two years ago and there was zero energy.
Big selling point for the Broncos!
That was unexpected.
OI think we figured it out, thanks!
PMD for sure!
What a great weekend.
Back to the grind.
Until next time!
Good look
Thanks!
I have the Striphas, but it's still on the pile to read
What, oh, just making puns in morse code.
from here on out, we are officially doctoramteam  Annie, word!
I don't know why, but I can't get into this whole twitter thing!!
great to meet you!
Act 1 is done!!!
Act 2 tomorrow with and Chamber 3 :
That could definitely be a game changer for both industries.
Google and sprint are already joining forces in the voice app.
Bulls Vs.
Boston Tickets still available for the Game tomorrow night.
Call us at 8884930004 or purchase on our website
Who else has no plans on this boring friday?
I thank God for my friends....
They keep it real even when I am not myself...
I love y'all and humbled to know you...
always feels bad whenever I'm unprepared for class, but then I just think I'm returning the favor.
New bunny art calendars just arrived via UPS a week early, yay!
SHould have the listing up this afternoon.
We did it earlier than that.
Once again we relaxed instead of taking it to them.
We made Cam look godlike!
Would someone pls tell Glen Camble that he's not singing in the shower!
Earthquakes in San Francisco are like riding a big wave surfing.
If u work hard haters wil respect u
You  all  Y'all.
Not ya'll.
This has been your Texan Lesson Public Announcement.
haha enjoy bro.
What game...
Hey Michael!
Whoo hoo!
Go KNIGHTS!
Waking up to my pooch and my daughter...and then getting my mocha.
My mornings have many awesome moments.
Lol I need more followers.when to sleep at 1 am n they woke me up at 8 am tired I wanna go to sleep not fair
it was nice meeting you at lunch yesterday!
mom2summit Safe travels home.
:
Great stuff John terry.
THANKS!
RT : brand new follower here, just heard a little of your music and went in for 25.
Good luck!!
But it's going to smash twitter!
...and facebook!
...and Zuckerburg is so scared he's taunting Wallstreet with hoodies!
ROFL
Emergency testing is really unnecessary during my late night tv.
Shy can't they just tweet the testing?
While looking through Walker's campaign finance report, I've noticed there is a helluva lot of illegal donations made.
i wish i could.
phones off
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
19
Enjoying this easter
Im fuckin hurt right now Joshua was the greatest singer ever and they got rid of him :
Productive Day.
Current film, New film and new Networking Site Meetings all day and all moving forward
Layin in bed listening to music and Txtn ppl...
Hmu if ya gotz the numba...
If not ...
ASK!!!
Whose cruel idea was it for the word Lisp to have a S in it?
Dang it's Monday.
6 day week this week.
Not only that but I've got to be at work an extra hour early.
Basically a week from Hell!
Military Secrets Leak From U.S.
Universities With Rules Flouted
It's TuesdayShoesDay!
What shoes are you wearing today?
at some levels this is barbaric Mike Goldberg on pro football
I sorta called it back at 7:26 when you asked how Inge could send msg to old team.
Wasn't a walk off but, give me some points
The Brewers aren't stealing signs And E Jax is normally solid.
But the Cards have been whining all week it's sad
thunder.
omg
Watching favorite atp  wta players chases away week of grumpiness.Reminded that finding optimal path to competition great problem 2have
Lemme Get Her Email Tho ; RT : my mom updates her facebook more than i do on a daily basis.
lmaooo okay.
:p well depends if my mom doesn't check on us at night.
.
I don't want us to get caught.
We're working from home!
thanks for tweeting us guys!
no it isn't.
still looking for web based app that enables hundoctords of users to upload text, images and video....
any thoughts anyone?
redsox yankees both winless to start season.
Maybe the Mayans were right.
please notice me!!!
please 3

fresh cut lol not gonna post it on here tho
This is the best chicken you will ever be
Just got a sneak peek of new book.
Holy smokes people, save your 25.
You will want this.
FBI hopes Bulger's arrest lifts the curtain on a dark time in the bureau's history.
Story at 5:30 on
oh yeah?
late start again!
Pretty chill week at school so far!
3
I want to be a fashion.
designer or a fashion stylish.
ONE HOUR from now France for Christ  Hope Church on Juan Tabo N of Montgomery.
Details  AIR1.COM
May the force be w you May Day Occupy protestors!
Fortunately, Romney gets she is no longer a political figure, just a celebrity with overrated following
The Alphabet Matcher and Story Starter are now available at Barnes  Noble and BN.com!
Good Morning!
Had my cup of coffee, and now seeing how all my friends are starting their day...I love being a part of so many friends day!
Christmas Everyday Clothing is alive and well!
did you regret ever standing by my side ...
:
The shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it might be as fake as the hoe who told you.
Did I just hear you say states rights??
Aren't you in GA?
What's up with that?
LOL.
Just messin.
Timing is everything
So, I took a month off of twitter, anything exciting happen while I was gone?
I think most vegetarians don't count it because it didn't hatch.
But vegans definitely don't eat eggs or any form of animal.
Hmm idk
I guess Rubio is an Adidas boy after all!
Congrats on the new endorsement deal!
I'm proud to say I've watched everyone of those.
I still remember the Gatti fight like it was yesterday
COD BLACK ops II.
i miss you more girl !
3
Dovestech and conduct technical research and benchmark testing on deep packet inspection from within the Doovel Hadoop architecture.
website for our math at college went down, so NO WORK TODAY!!
WOOOHOOO!
Traveling up to green bay.
Sounds like delicious
Sorry DJ...not sure what you are referring to?
We have half priced wine night on Monday...but that is all wine, not just WA.
Usher, Pitbull, The Band Perry, Chris Brown, Justin Bieber, Kenny Chesney, Maroon 5, Flo Rida..// A bit underwhelmed.
follow me please 3
60 of Americans do not pay any Federal Taxes.
I am preparing to go to my WebSoup class.
Cool!
On my way to Florida right now!
Prob a good thing I didn't know about it.
; RT : GM !
Did you go to HU's graduation?
Cory Booker was the...
smh .
just make sure you stay on ya sid of the bed
I'm upset that I couldn't get the best chicken fingers this side of the world...I settled for Rally's tho, not a bad alternative
it's suppose to be.
you know any girls who'd be interested?
Keep The Christ in Christmas can't replace Him with an X
you guys are the best haha c:
I don't care what political party you belong to, you must admit there is something really wrong with the way the U.S.
gov't is being ran!
I am a Mahomie.
I have listened 11:11.
I love it.
It is on replay.
I am a 11:11aholic and I love
RT : Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor  H Jackson Brown
you're right.
I'm getting off Twitter now.
would be nice if slipped to rnd 2 and indy could steal him.
WHY YOU NO TWEET ME?
:
im not sure if he is just saying that but it doesnt seem like he has ever went out with anyone at school so ,??
Touchdown Patriots!!!!!!!!
Did you like it here?
:D
T shirts are fun T shirts are crazy!!
I will do that : , you know what it is !!
RT : im feeling real SoSoDef tonight so check out the videos im posting
Thanks too oomf , saved my ASS tonightt.
Peace out ya'll
My 3 year old said she is going to college on the moon.
Thanks a lot Newt!
Don't make this complicated.
It could be so easy.
Word.
Craigslist ads with no photos is pointless.
'Course, I've been victim of the 1 exterior photo thing before.
Had no pics.
Join us tonight in the Jade lounge for 3 appetizers all night plus DJ Sandy  8pm
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
My mom is too nice to get mad at me.
If she does get mad I must've done something really bad.
dang, that's pretty amazing!
RIP Maurice Sendak  Let the rumpus begin.....
i totally understand but don't delete your twitter!
i don't ignore you :
: thx for the shout out!!!
NYC!

thanks for the RT!
I feel like I struck gold...
now to decide which lessons to use for back to school!
Congrats on unlocking!
There will be a free promotion as soon as Amazon corrects their mistake.
I will let you all know when the Free promo is working!
Thank you
Maybe earlier against Oreg St.
Even though they lost 4 of 5 to end year they played Boise St/Wash.
tough  beat USC.
Good test.
If you love life, life will love you back
:Just bought Mission Cook.Cant wait to read it.making a zuchinni and linguni with ricotta dish and steaks
Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!
Why do referees call a game fair  square for 59:55 and the last 5 seconds they swallow their whistles?
i am falling in love with the sweetest guy on the planet!!!!!3
Wanna make something better?
add bacon.
Wanna make something perfect?
Add chorizo.
1 Go to your fav state park 2 take a photo holding an SOS/Save Our Parks sign; 3 upload to calparks.org and they will deliver to Sacto
coolin my boy, hate I didn't get a chance to see u live how's everything in dc
Teacher : What is a comet ?Pupil : A star with a tailTeacher: Can you name one ?Pupil: Lassie !
just make ur own sticker ; screw w everyone
Ah, weird, nerdy friends....
I love reading your nerdtweets.
HA!
This is great.
: Ok.
St.
fans chanting LSU is like white mice chanting Python!
Python!
Python!
At the JFK leaving for New Orleans
thank you so much for the code
YouNotUglyBut the fact that you have slept with over half of miami is a no go.
are you spam or are you real?
I don't understand how there is dominos pizza in NYC.
Who the hell is going there?
Hahahaha one of the best episodes, hands down
Individual faults  frailties are no excuse 2 give in   no exemption from the common obligation 2 give of ourselves.
E.M.Kennedy
Awake my soul
john a.
powell speech: What we notice  don't notice about people isn't racism.
It's an unconscious social process.
wow how am i weird i was tryin to make conversation but wut ever idc ohh and il take that as a complement

Ref: Sanchez's arm was coming forward, but we assume he was going to throw a pick6 anyway.
Touchdown stands
Thanks for the FF.
Happy Friday!
Will I see you at tonight's voice recital!?
Also, will you be joining us for Rossini's birthday tomorrow?
If I was a farmer the first thing I'd do is have a meeting with the roosters  cows  tell them to wake up around 9:30 instead of 5
Ask away!
RT : Females who want 2 get into sports journalism email me 4 advice.
I think I'm going 2 write something w some harsh truths.
Can I take your body on a ride?
Do you mean Reven8e?
brainstorming some game ideas for a special Tucson Comic Conrelated event.
May need some help.
/cc
Several blogs reporting Rand Paul has endorsed Connie Mack for FL Senate.
Lots of q's here like Mack voting record.
im excited even tho im not gonna see it!:/
Unbridled eroticism in Makropulos Case on par with that of Lulu'sespecially Act II.
You can not just expect to be a leaderyou have to be trained on how to lead.
Courses start in
yuppeeee im on my iphone right now  immaa go get one.
Brbb
your really pretty :
Perfect synchronicity.
Got a moment to sit.
Turn on the tube.
Bye Bye Birdie  We've got a lot of living to do playing on Encore.
There's times when you have to sound like u hungry for that life
RT : When the pain of change is less than the pain of staying the same we will change.
Paul V Harris
you lost your accounts?
BUT olive owns my heart forever and always and forever
That was a great set by!
!
Fences is next.
Ready to listen to 's NonprofessortRadio.
Topic: Smart Interviewing Makes Great Hiring  Relationship Mapping
Interesting Christmas.
In the BR airport.
Heading to Atlanta for a 2 hr visit w/ my Mom.
Then to Indy to visit my daughter.
God bless!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.34
Stay tuned for NWSE's Photo Contest on Facebook!
Ha I sure am ;D RT : better be proud of me for my tweeting;D JustSayin
Just watched standbyme.
Still one of my favorite films of all time.
Always make me laugh and...weep.
We popped right on removing this popcorn ceiling!
it's cool, sea lions is what's hot right now don'thate
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Buffalo!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
RT Have a SXSW wrist band or badge?
Bring it to any Amy's Ice Creams location for a 10 discount.
The Play College Fund was Crazy Saturday!
SONY was there  Great acting, Music and Dancing!
They looking for actors, Dancers and Beat...
The Dow hit 12,000 today, up from 8,000 when Obama took office: up 25 per year.
Clearly his socialist agenda is destroying the economy.
I'm great.
How are you?
Spring soccer practice, soggy but not raining
thank you so much!
we loved the tour.
Guetta's terrible, that's why.
they took a shit in there pants
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
I got DM from you with a link, will it shut down my whole pc or is it safe?
haha I hate spam XD
you guys were AMAZING last night : hopefully we can play more shows together :
This bitch i so dumb i cant wait tell something happen so i can juss laugh in her face
Eyeballing font size  font is easy.
True pixel mastery is when you can click and doctorg exact dimensions centered in the PSD on the 1st try
So I am now about to dj on stage with DEV!!
G6 baby
Except when you tweet...
RT It is wat it is tho neva will I be lookin stupid..
Fortune cookies are always right .
mind blown , :
Thanks for the RT.
We are SOULS not roles.
Be good to yourself today!
those really long car rides with your family and you just blast your ipod, look
Other financial institution executives face criminal trials over an array of alleged crimes against their employers.
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design.
Already have one?
1000 Business Cards for 39.99!!!
Call 7205426105
Do you ever wish you were a monkey?
Then if you got mad at someone, you could just fling your shit at them.
Problem solved.

RT : Kentucky Derby!!
I would LOVE to be there right now
sure!
why not?
we'd love to see your Top 8 reasons to join Swing.
I think has started something.
OLA!
Nobody fully understands me, I don't even fully understand myself most times
Wha?
Say it ain't so!
It wasn't my job today to solve an issue, merely just engaging a friend of a friend in dialogue.
Didn't know that offended you.
SOTU We gather tonight knowing this generation of heroes has made us safer and more respected around the world.
The disillusion was so complete that some of those who had trusted most hardly dared speak of it.
Great book.
Time to set aside work and practice some yoga.
sup bruh?!
been a minute ...
I don't know if you're a fan of Adam Lambert, but his new album is pop genius.
I definitely think you'd dig it.
Hardcore.
:
check out !
hell fucking yeah!!!!
ASAP!!!
Or should i say NineInchNails just to make it more doctormatic
There are a couple of billion muslims on this planet, your argument to professorle them because they have dark skin is ridiculous.
Y'all don't understand.
Bad Bitch Syndoctorme is a pandemic...
Tip 159: Watch who your opponents are targeting for chips.
When you sense they are targeting someone...it's time to reraise them.
I was bored and in Downton withdoctorwal.
So I pretended that my room was the Abbey and I was cleaning it.
Top 3 on my fantasy list: 1.
Stephan Jenkins 2.
Alex O'Loughlin 3.
Gerard Butler Guess I have a type...talk dark handsome  hairy.
you didn't even know they had dez bryant well 2 years ago i told u
Info flow and inheritance: Academia, government and journalism need new ideas and fresh perspectives, not what Daddy said.
This morning we will be documenting the fun for a book release  workshop
In agency model more ebooks were priced below 9.99 than ever beforesince publishers can experiment at lower pp.
Can't wait until lunch...
Fridays are a wine lunch, with Beer O'clock around 4pm.
Great event this morning!
yes indeed.
The media seem to think they can pick for us cause of .
Nothing balanced about that.
Keep in touch.
:
just a day in the life of dewdoctorp
Adobe brags about Premiere's ability to play 4k Red files in real time with the Mercury Engine, but it can't handle a 4K jpeg
My mama stay singing to her boyfriend on the phone with her uglass.
Yeah, I'm hella jealous :.
the buffet rule is more important than anything has proposed to this date
awe thanks!!
:
Denver need to slow it down.
RB artist from the 60's  70's must be shaking their heads at the overly sex laden...no one puts it down like me BS pushed all over radio
aw hi!!
thank you!!!
: Who's going to ComicCon?
Nerd heaven!
already there nerding it up!
What day do you scoot?
That which is worthwhile IS worth the extra effort.
Give it All you got!
It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOE!
Sitting next to the talented brewers from  can't wait to try the Farmers Market Honey Porter they made with
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
thank you for the follow and thank you for reading Joyce and thank you for the work you do
Let your light shine!
while watching the Celts last night i got a: Who exactly are u talking to?
The tv or urself?
Smh
girl i been locked down, LOL
I'm having a book signing in front room of Pairing.
Stop by to say hi and have a glass of wine!
When citing an eJournal that was originally in print, and you're just looking at a PDF of it, you should have to cite as Print.
mannequins have great skin did you know
Sounds like a plan
bombed at the dockside yikes
Love the recommendation of Meditrina to accompany your nibbles...super wine but no super sleepy punch!
yea I understand.
It is what it is
I am on a mission.
Vocals daily.
La  Laa  La.
I need new followerss
Lt.
Col.
Paul Almanza has done his country a great disservice.
Im juss like whatever
very often the best way of doing something is also the most annoying
FUBU to become official apparel sponsor for Norfolk State Athletics.
AMAZING JOB!
Mission accomplished!
Great team work!
Y'all stole the awards show LOL :
Who wouldn't be impatient when there's Woodford  pizza  awaiting?
Osama Bin Laden is dead!
Yay : i hope he rots in HELL
Finally finished my complete photo  video backup to cloud service.
Only took about 90ish days of constant uploading.
snitch fest 09
The chinese have APIs?
wholly shit!
Very inspiring afternoon at Ounce of Prevention Fund's Annual Luncheon with keynote speaker
Also problematic treating lit classrm as monolithic  what course objectives might be addoctorssed by gaming?
thanks for the retweet!
feels so much more legit.
Game of Thrones is like reading 5 pages of 12 different books every Sunday
Noo He Needs Me In His Life Hello Im mister.Mara.
Duh
Currently doctoroling over the 1million 19th century townhomes in today's WSJ advertising insert...
Most exciting breakthroughs of the 21st century will not occur bc of technology but bc of an expanding concept of what it means to be human
I saw that OT goal in HiDef.
I been so happy the last few days.
I think I made the right move 
very strange lol only in Florida!
Did I just hear play Smooth Criminal to intro Ryan Braun?
Ha!
I think it's Taco Bell time
Thank you.
is pretty awesome she's a great friend
the bruise on my leg is purple, green, and yellow.
idek how that's possible.
You have some great articles at your web site blog Lori!
I hope others check them out!
I will miss Rowan Williams as Archbishop but hope he will now have more time to devote to his poetry and literary criticism.
Mall with my best friend :D
Women Build planning meeting next week tuesday.
Join us for the fun www.milwaukeehabitat.org
The Voice will return in the fall.
NBC won't be waiting until next spring to bring the show back.
Laughing my ass off at 3:40 in the morning cause I just heard the ending of 's song mister Woodstock , he makes my days :
I think fell asleep.
:
A little woozy, and have been a bit queasy since, but haven't missed any work.
I hear 4 infusions b4 results.
Come on Chicago...let's bring back that beautiful 60 degree weather we had yesterday
shut up !
huhuhu
haha yup it is!
Nope.
Thank you!
Added to my recipe file with a checkbox for when made and tried!
Best way to buy them!
: RT : confessionhour I buy most of my books at the Goodwill
the 'box kind of freaks me out cause it is a basement dive bar.
It also has little to no good beer.
: but the girls rock.
Ehhh back to this homework 
Getting some City BBQ
let's all get together make some funny.
Maybe have a telethon to promote intolerance of everything including us
Write an earlier date on your homework so it looks like you did it on time
Somewhere along the line, we decided that good customer service trumps every other library value
Happy Easter weekend!
What's peeps up to?
ehhh ok let me ask.
Thank you.
Maersk Oil Selects FIBERTOWN for LargeScale Data Center Consolidation  Houston Chronicle
Two women workers said their husbands help out more w/ household chores now that they are employed making incense during the day!
Looking at , when asking for an EIN it says: Don't have one yet?
Apply online.
Warlords asianstyle crab feed last nite rocked!
Served hot, crab is cooked in a wok w/ginger, garlic  scallions.
hahaha holy shit.
What a dick.
ima try n sleep lol ill text u wen i awaken
I'm mobile.
I'll catch ya later Moonspinner.
Missing you thats what hurts the most
that ended after the war  all of those traditions became antiquated.
instead they became relics of a Southern American past
She was wonderful!
And the theater is beautiful.
The Psychology Of Wealth presentation by Charles Richards Phd.
At UTD.
i guess you dont know what you got until its all gone.
Should that be parents' hm.
Readthru with my new actors for The Shape of Things begins Monday night.
So it begins again.
Vivian, when you feed the lion at the zoo, you don't go into the cage with him.
Maude '76
oomf just tweeted a corny ass joke
Hope everyone in library land is checking out bookless especially you
Went to see Ben Winkelman tonight uptown Harlem very nice jazz set, back in the studio.
it's time to get on down....
what the dollar?
lol sometimes i was lucky!!
So vote yes on no and no on yes.
that would be nice.
If you need any help making arrangements..
I am here..
year round : No races though :
Nice!
How are you btw?
It's been a while
love the elevator pitch reminder.
It'll save me from blathering.
A college kid next to me: Do you work at the Red Cross?
Me, No, the tote bag is from giving blood.
Him, Whatever, that's still cool.
I'll be at Icon again tomorrow working...
124 I think...
The gospel session is a definite go, we did prepro work on it today
Money on the floor
Seriously though, you should go see Pierce The Veil this Wednesday :
Had 18 credits too
hey boo!
Thought you didn't have a twitter no more...lol!
me too, me too.
I get made fun of all the time lol.
Pray Ps90 with the us today: Let your work be shown to your servants, and your glorious power to their childoctorn.
Rain in Vegas!
All I know is we've come too far to stop
Tonight Smack Thompson FREE SHOW!
21Funky Rhythm with totally skilled dudes playing.
Good enough arangments to keep even
Act in morning not
Haha its not funny :b
I'm due for an interview Will do soon!
I got to have the world in my hands.
Who is going to the tonight?
Who are you excited to see?
We're psyced on and and Future Slang!
we help build this nation but barley see the benefits so its Fuck You We still getting real money
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Good morning
/ 24 hours too long.
Need faster flips.
3x daily IMO for tB channel.
At least right now.
with David Letterman.He loves having kids do their science inventions on..
omg you performed trust issues in mexico so perfect :O
orioles now 164 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 05 when he does.
He's pitched one inning since April 18 haveyouseenme?
Tonight was a great dinner with my sis ruby and this is a big week
Omg I know right ....
u crazy!
don't forget a pen15
...in the short time I slept, or I had a violent nightmare and banged into something.
don't forget dance class tonight 7 pm
USHLI is at McHenry County College with Ernesto Mejia from Why do you want to go to college?
of course.
Because after Christmas show we are some of first to speak up.
I hope this fuels him cuz I meant it
but who are their 'confidential' sources?!
are u kidding me.
What did he say ?
thank you!
RT : Here is a list of all of the 9loss teams in MLB: The Boston Red Sox.
: Add doctorymond Green  CJ Leslie to the list of players who have really helped their stock.
I'm watching this ghetto show parking wars on AE!!!!
omfg cori.
I love you too.
so much
is gradually enfeebled by his unwillingness to break from schoolwork for dinner.
An old video of Keith Carlock playing with my dad in a Mississippi rock band inspired me to take my doctormming further.
I have sewn plenty of raccoon, possum, deer, and turkeys in my backyard.
But today I saw my first beaver.
Can't wait 4 my 's to arrive!
Also can't wait 4 the donated pair 2 arrive 2 the unknown person in need.
Stellar product  cause.
Avery Nickname: Weapon X
hate the rain.
Y you thug me like that
: had a great time last night writting some new material for Go follow them
wait is that lady leg on prod
Getting ready for a meeting with the CO repub committee tech guy and wishing I would hear from the Leadership institute in VA
hell yea I was hungry
I've been worn away by birthday memories and galleries Of pictures in my head of you when I'm away
Obama is my President.
I voted for him once and I'm happily voting for him again.
This is a pretty terrible nonsensical article.
that was kind of mean of me.
No offense.
Last man standing or running in this case wins the 500
3 men on one hotel bed
And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all doctornk of it.Mark 14:23
thanx!!
I was just looking for that!!!
When it comes to work, I am either too ambivalent or too passionate.
And either way I just seem to piss everyone off.
There is no middle.
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach
It bothers me so bad when people blow their nose.
With a passion!!!
someone else got roiphied
two thumbs up!!
Hate when ppl feel they gotta prove summin like...shutup stop with your complaining.
RIP Dick Clark.
Why couldn't it have been Ryan Seacrest?
Fun later this month: the Good Times CruiseIn sponsored by Classic Trophies, Saturday June 26, 102 PM, registration right here!
The retweets are appreciated!
Work sux big time!
Finally have a new phone though!
Woo hoo!
But I think it's time to watch disney movies all night :P
you should use what ever bread he usually eats and just let it get stale and use that as the base
whose birthday is today?
Btws duck dunn passed
Really nice logo but what's with the shaving blade?
Warm and humid today.
I heard it is going to be chilly by the end of the week
The things goin through my head .
.
.
:'/
In whitestanythingever news, NPR aired a story about a twin brother doubles tennis team in a band heavily influenced by Dave Matthews.
haha!
Yes indeed!!
That makes since!
So who is robbie?
To finish the pita I suggest day time weekend rooftop tanning  BBQ soon
because denmark people are just all about swag, dude
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
This is not the happiest place on earth!!
Its hell!!
Can't wait to get the hell out of hell!!!
Too many roads but All Roads Lead to ONE DESTINATION s/o and YOU!
Meet me at the bar!!!
I know /3333
That's what I'm saying!!
This is HORRIBLE!
Wen it rains it pours...n oh my its coming dwn smh...was bound to happen soon
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll check for you
MT : Be safe ; Have a blast  fill us in on the details later  Be in the moment!
:
On paper at least, it's looking like I could rattle off four or five wins in a row!
Dear Chirstmas Break, if u dont come sooner ima poor my hot coco on you; so hurry up and come!
Love Always, Peranahh
sh'e a lucky girl:
RT If you replace older toilets with WaterSense labeled models, you can save 4,000 gallons per yr with this simpler, green...
Two cardinals happily hopping around in the tree outside my window.
I will take this as a sign.
Let the long weekend begin!
thanks brother
where do i get a hat like Buff is wearing in this vid?
it rules!
Party time!
A new CityCiao deal runs every week.
Sign up at www.cityciao.com to see get global influences in DC sent to your inbox.
: Friends, word just in from 's family that they'd like to see the hashtag read BelieveInSarah.
God Bless Sarah!
Who knows what's actually true, but if history tells us anything, none of it would be very shocking.
RT : Regarding Hungry Like the Wolf: it's disco and brine?
brine is salty, sweat is salty.
Sweaty disco dancing.
Like the Wolf.
Snow on the ground in Portland!
If you find me in a little, sweaty puddle at Belmont, blame the
Well I Have A Sony HD Camera And Im A Producer.
What A Coincidence I Have A .38 And I Have An Actress For You.
This is sabotage love trynna fitwale
RT : Agreed !
The most rewarding volunteer opps are those where Im challenged  able to grow skills.
i'm on andoctorid.
You guys do that?
Or soon?
That was one heck of a week.
Congrats to gonna say what folks gonna say...you just do what you do on the field...
Maybe for Jennings, because he lacks some court vision.
But Rondo is going from AllenPierceGarnett to EllisDunleavyGooden.
Kelley: Her name is Lauren, like from the Hills?
Me: No, Laura, like from the Prairie.
Remember the fake D conversation we had?
lmaoo fun times.
lowBBallIQCory lol
Being defeated is often a temporary condition.
Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Marilyn vos Savant
Hooray!
Thank you for being my 400th fan Lisa Binns!.
Looking to rent portable sound recording booths for regional training events  anyone have suggestions?
I swear  I thought today was Monday.
I was even about to go check the mail.
you in for opening night?
lmao!
you're a freak .
If lovin u is wrong...then im glad that i don't cuz bein right beats bein left anyday
This is a lot better than original reports.
RT : Let me clarify 1 thing  Mets knew about this, but didn't agree with surgery.
It feels like ...
someone just put their germs in me
nor am I
agree!!
I made cherry mms cookies for bday.
Good morning, world!
You are absolutely all beautiful.
: Smile, and make the most of your Saturday!
Super Bowl party time!
Thank you for expanding the circle, Philip.
I DON'T BLAME YOU FOR BEING YOU BUT YOU CAN'T BLAME ME FOR HATING IT
Do you believe your thoughts?
Why?
Thank you so much.
So appreciated.
I just voted for You can't argue with that dimple.
Happy Friday to you!
ag
I followed him about 20 minutes ago which is a convenience
Amen me 2 RT: MORNING PPL TODAY WILL B A GOOD DAY IM CLAIM IT IN THA NAME OF JESUS
Indeed as are most things on TV.
But I try to look for the universal.
This ep had it.
As have many eps of Awkward Black Girl.
thanks for following me !!!!
true, in a 3 county radius you get strawberries, apples  sauerkraut fests!
For folks coming to DCdoctornkUp  it does appear there is a 10 cover charge at Skydome Lounge...
I know!
I can't stand it when he's mean to her!
Feminist Scholars of Science  Tech Network Making Meeting, Saturday 105, TWITTER TAG FemTechNet.
Join us!
if you have nothing to hide why not??
Y is this posting things I didnt post like lose weight?
thank u 4 sharing the wisdom that God has given u!
Kicking off 2012  bourbon blue tonight ...
9pm.
We'll be doctornking flat champagne and Miller Light floaters from last night.
some food that is
That's like picking a fav child  I love them all.
But, prob the world's best bacon it's the reason I'm not vegetarian!
Just received a calendar invitation to attend an oil change in Bangkok.
DID YOU TAKE PHOTOS?
D:
WhyiGive And we give because when someone finally does, it's revelatory for the recipient.
Happy Birthday to one of the most versatile and gifted actors of our generation.
The Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation promotes academic excellence in Minnesota public and non public schools.
WORTH YOUR TIME  Charles Eisenstein, The act of Receiving is an act of Generosity.
The act of Giving is an act of SelfCare.
This presen
A better question is how the hell they get anything done if everyone calls themselves Roger
Why in the world did I not get mail yesterday...why do we celebrate Columbus day?
If yall looking for beats fuckz with dude got some heat.
We going get it in soon.
Family?
Vacation?
Beach?
Snow?
How are you spending your holiday season?
...when you do something from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy...
Hi I'm one of the 5,000,000 Miami doctorvers that forgot how to doctorve because of some rain 
Gertrude Stein There aint no answer.
There aint going to be any answer.
There never has been an answer.
Thats the answer.
Can someone PLEASE explain to me what just happened about Hazza???
exactly.
in front of a wall of amps.
maybe a smidge of blood.
I hate my short hair now lbs smh
I wish War was just a game we played when we were kids...
follow me and i will rid the world of peanuts!
c;
However, when we feel something is missing or we are uncomfortable, we lose sight of the good in our lives.
thanks, we thought so too!
Support your local record store.
much love to all of you!
Know Prob princess.
My name is Khan and Im a senior in High School .
I live in Portland, Oregon.
How bout you.
Care to share
101 West coming from Hollywood into the valley is an easy place to get stopped for DUI.
Rare I don't see a stop!
Get a ride or wait a while!
Just munched a 'Candy cane' road goodie worth 5 points!
chase will you teach me how to dougie?
Weekend plan: finish new poetry video.
I come to fill the stocking obviously
haha of course it's gonna be fun!
Then you'll be back for our date in Cali right?!?!
haha!
OMG I LOVE FLYING IN AIRPLANES!
slow down school to prison pipeline?
Could u riff some more?
I'm an artist who wants revitilize arts/education
haha thank you!
But you already know I am lol
I came home yesterday and realised someone stole my thesaurus i was lost for words
Oh yeah and by the way...
Don't Sleep!
YSL6812 is gonna crack hard!!!
Word to bout to have MKE locked down!
you are the most handsomest guy I've ever seen in my whole entire life 21 WEARING YOUR SHIRT NOW
Great day for the Bills.
LOTS OF LOVE TO your amazingg
If someone cheats at the beginning of a relationship, is that still consider cheating or is it okay because it's the beginning???
Shhhh.
: If they ever screw up train travel with security theater, the riots of northeastern yuppies will be uncontrollable.
thinking about the possibility of making a REAL DEAL nonprofessort at some point.
would we have to change the name to get grants!?
Yes the Monumental Monday code is good on all races including the 5K.
Input it on the first page where it says referral code
We will miss you too Meredith!
Stay in touch!
Liam Young asks, not what lists are, but what they do.
Lists enact relations between items that otherwise would not exist.
follow  SHANALUXURY SHE BAD
Omg Wuts with the swings !!
A day at the beach is in order.
is Johansson fucking high?
is this whole power play unit fucking high?
Thanks!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves.
Maybe mom could.
So HOT!
Gee i wish I could be at a jamming suburban pool party.
Don't do it..
PLEASE don't do it...dont eat a biscuit or a wing just please don't do it!!
Lol
when you have recovered let's plan a road trip of the States It should be fun :
for sure dude
Whew!
I can feel this rain in my joints.
I'm so old, my grandfather used to date the Grand Canyon.
Such a productive lady day.
It doesn't look like the Region XIV Tournament will be starting at 10am folks.
Field is still in pretty bad shape.
Stay tuned
.,.
Oh shit am I in twitter jail?
todays the day to get pierced, come in for a laid back, no rush, sunday piercing experience.
and mention this tweet for a jewelry discount!
I haven't seen a replay, but I hope there was safer barrier where 14 hit...that has me having bad flashbacks...very worried
so glad to hear!
Follow me in my personal account :3 ..i'll follow you back3 ..
Do you think the lakers need to make a trade!?
This team seems to not be cutting it.
i wish prom was over with already.
RT  I'm supporting the tech tonight for the Miami Dolphins.
The beauty of inbox zero...
should've come eat hospital food with me!
Thanks, Jacob!
We are having a 50 with free shipping for 24 hours only!
With me's where you belong So when you gonna talk to me?
HA!
Yes overreacting to somebody stealilng Lloyds purse.
I am not sure why I am friends with any of you ridiculous people.
i love getting comments on my videos that are like GAY!!
FAG!!!
HOMO GO KILL URSELF!!
:'
RT : To love and to love your neighbor as much as yourself is more important than all the burnt offerings  Mark 12:33
Consider following Colts fan
haha yeah, my grandma is a big fan of gaga.
It's kinda weird actually
nonono I need it!
Performance openings Vampyre Burlesque charity spotlight!!Support Best Buddies,Agora,Rape Crisis Center and Joe  Jean Travis Aids Food Bank
let's fugg around with some raps this week.
I wanna get creative
Rewatching recorded ustreams just to hear Vin's laugh and see him smile.
What is your favorite way to have fun?
nigga i been in the house nigga somebody got the hoop so i dont be outside
Thanks for the RT!
I'm considering starting such a chain once I'm done with residency.
I have the business background.
You a show stopper?
I would love your thoughts how they work, I so want bluetooth headset for working out.
So Rumor has it Josh Hodges Racing is racing in Las Cruces this weekend!!!
Horrible allergies, lets hope I make it through the conference!

can't buy your cause it's overpriced
Somebody asked me the other day what Portland Food was, and I had a difficult time answering.
Brunch?
Food carts?
Funny donuts?
it looks cool, and could very well be awesome, but it's kinda a ghost town over there.
probably worth joining eventually tho
If we want to send something to you, where do we send it?: 3
hello petchat !
Robert here from the wilds of Alaska.
Student checkpoints thru entire semesterlong research projpeer reviews after research proposal, lit review, data collection etc.
Bobby Knight needs to be put in a nursing home!!
He is losing his damn mind!!
State Rep.
Turner wants a special session to addoctorss school finance.
Why couldn't be a nominee
Tavares, that was painful!
Mountaineer K9 Services  where we take our dog, Bodhi, when we're out of town.
Mike is wonderful with dogs!
Call 304.756.2561.
What would be really nice?
A 90day trial sub to Bloomberg Law, including Dockets.
Fear of God is not an Attribute that should be praised but a Disease that should be cured.
i actually choose not to marinate myself, but am of the belief that all Chipotle deserves the right to choose.
On my way to the gym myself!
5AM EST flow!
RT : nope 5am pool workout and a 7am client
Cinci!
I'm a few hours away from there
ATTN Media: By now we all know that tornados sound like trains close up.
PLEASE STOP ASKING SURVIVORS WHAT IT SOUNDED LIKE.
ok?
thanks.
i followed you back thanks.
For the follow and shout out
You know you used too much spice when you take a bite and start singing Couscous on Fire to the music of doctorams on Fire.
I was getting caught up with my DVR, was that you on BraxtonFamilyValues ?
What was North Carolina trying to prove?
Politicians still living in the Stone Age...I wonder if they have electricity.
My theory is that if one resists the fake RIP notices in the same way one resists the mylovelife type notices, one lives a happier life.
Ahh, can't believe I didn't know that.
One of my alltime favorite movies.
I need to watch that soon.
what nonsense are you talkin
how many people from the crew follow you?
RT Thanks for getting the word out about voting YES for sagaftra.
OneUnion means more leverage for all!!...
I starting to think Blake cant guard Westbrook!!
Just starting tho
I might wear that doctorss.
how are you?
Late night Happy Hour starts at 10.
5 doctorfts.
Early AM  BNA...stop in MIA then off to HAITI this afternoon...prayers appreciated :
lol they just followed me too haha
are you attending SXSW in Austin this month?
let us know and maybe we can organize a meetup
I know 3 :'D and yours !
M i wana eat it
Not getting what you want is part of the plan.
Things to remember in life.
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn your girlfriend isn't as into trending topics as you.
Locked outa my house!
And its COLD
Watching Elf on Christmas Day...perfect!
finished eating im ful
Previously on Lost...
Brave and stirring voices in tonight's chat on survivors of suicide.
Sincere thanks to all who participated!
You rock
just watched the pilot for Breaking Bad.
Never saw the show before.
This really good stuff!
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case.
Share your thoughts here or on twitter Let's discuss!
ILL NEVER LET YOU GO WHEN YOU LOOK ME IN THE EYES ILL GIVE HUGS TO YOU and you can COUNT ON ME 3 RT for songs from
even my kid picks up litter.
And he's only a year old.
I cant understand how i got the short end of the stick
: what's this weekend Nothing now !
Inspired by all of the stories from today's graduation!
Thank you!
Follow the Team!
:D
Congratulations on your SFGiants not getting swept by the Cubs at home.
excited to see what's coming great news!
: What do you do before you mop a floor?
spill something?
Like put some headphones in or something.
Dang grow up
Who says, you cant go home?
IRONY.
The opposite of wrinkly.
truth.
I'd come watch you play
10 years and 303 articles to go.
water is the best fuel!
and fear not  redbull is probably 90 water :  add good music and you're straight!
im hungry as hell
NWCops The soberity tests they conclude these days are fucking ridicolous
no Freddie sorry my computer crashed.
I may have lost you then.
Email and it will come to me
SOME ARE LIKE NANDOS,SOME ARE LIKE IRISH...SOME ARE LIKE POTATOES SOME ARE LIKE ....: HEY IDOL..HAVE A NICE DAY...:
The savior doctorps a ball!!!!
ICantStandPeople who try to be someone they're not.
If I had the last name of furbush I'd spend the 300 dollars and legally change it.
Can you imagine all the pun intended jokes?
YouKnowItsRealWhen they're all you think about.
A healthy family is sacred territory.
Anonymous
Why this girl on Facebook always message me talking about I want to tie you up..
?!
She crazy af yung.
i need to sleep til i gotta go to work to bring m y attitude level down a bit cuz this chick right here is beyond evil today...
breakfast in bed.
Watching the new episode of
Sometimes when your sad you need a good crying session you'll always feel a little bit better after might sound silly but its true
ha!
You did, thanks to subpar mobile workflow :
one more day for my birthday baby
BoringMovieSynopsis Cockney gal goes for accentreduction training, falls for a toxic bachelor preChomskyan linguist.
Good night all, btw!
summer, please, please, PLEASE get here fast.
Waffriday?
Anyone?
Does that even make sense?
Keep an eye out for those new ones, Zipsters!
MT acquired.
It's a 2012 Honda Civic with 527 miles on it.
Crazy.
hey Alex can we get a follow out here in the Love State
Just read two Bleacher Report articles, awful as usual.
Ima call you later.
Make sure you got ya phone on you and charged..
ya know it's 's Bday today...
and she'd REALLY love a Shoutout!
:
: Eating a bowl frosted flakes...
THEY'RRRRRRRRRREEE alright, I guess.
lol Morning 
does it smell like chicken noodle soup in here...is it you?....is it her??..do you have gum...can you have gum with braces?
Who is doctornking wine today??
White or red is the choice of the day?
Great!
Tell us what they think!
RT : nw The Interrupters and it's really good!
I'm excited to share it with my students
Playing doctor is for kids!
Let's play gynecologist.
yea me either lol
PdPlus People do care about the arts.
This is seen via the 50k projects on Kickstarter that have gotten support.
EVERYONE go follow share the Mahomie love 3
I passed.
Haha Well that's unfortunate.
Get some socks and a fan?
And thanks.
RT : Lakers were still relaxed today despite Game 1 disaster.
Kobe on his recovering health: I've been on the can a lot.
Hello dear Twitter friends!
It's good to be here again!
How was your holiday?
Hope you had a lot of fun!
Have a good day!
Stuck watching the crap ass lakers, I would rather put safety pins in my eyes!!!!
I need my
NASCAR gwc finish at Talladega after accident scene cleared.
Ky Busch leads
ThingsILookFor a big bag of Cheetos
Release it!
It's blocking energy :
I think I just mentioned myself in a tweet...is that like speaking 3rd person?
The Lakers Ron Artest should be suspended for the season !!
He could have broken Hardens neck !!
what a fucking punk !!!
yes maam.
Send me your email addoctorss
At the OR Health Policy Board Meeting waiting for Gov.
Kitzhaber to speak.
She's my vahtie and I'm her kid cudi 
RDV is the best tonight!
I followed and u done and done
First visit to today.
Think it as sophisticated, understated, friendly and diverse as Houston itself.
Good night to my twitter family, , , , , , SLEEP TIGHT and...
you have to RTenter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart SPINACH on my salad at
I say that all the time:
Great start for Purdue!!
dude!!!
We have to go.
track down anselm he has some
Good try Barca.
I can't say I'm truly sad or upset since my team is !!!
Deaf, dumb and blind.
Would you like to be like THAT??
Try life without God.
No matter how far away you are from that girl in the walker in the hallway, she will still find a way to run over your toes.
Petco Park w/
0x000006be...
I hate when that happens!
RT My gun tall up to the sky
dats madd crazy plan on being there for spring break
which is?
: love that movie!
Looking connect the dots with more musicians  USA Musicians Network on www.USAMusician.net  The possibilities are endless  7037226012
Once he gets PT...
RT : Derrick Favors will be an all star in 2 years.
Once he develops some low post game he will be dominant.
hahhahahhahahhahha this nigga always thinks dirty
I just stood for almost two on the only bus that came this morning and just got doctorpped off at secaucus.
i agree.
Ppl have negative perception on hockey.
Wont change soon as nhl has hard time mktg their players.
in a nutshell I believe there should be leaders in the church as described by paul to timothy
RULES  u must tweet us memory or thought of your Mother  follow we will pick one RANDOM entry to WIN band
Poutrage is far and away my new favorite neologism.
Now I aint got no kids yet, but this right heres for practice I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet, but thats how good your ass is
lost in thought.
: Ion say shit for recognition...
Either u feel it or u don't
We place money around the city
And podcast is live NOW.
Talking about the Carrier IQ rootkit.
Join the chat at live.thendusr.com
yup!
i was so upset.
yeah it's a a clever show
Andoctorid 4.0 is now available for the Toshiba Excite 10LE  I can't wait for the download to finish.
ah!
i'm off point this week.
phew.
let me work on our thing and do sound tests, maybe we can do sometime the week after next.
I told you before, keep posting and we shall keep admiring.
are ya still there ?
Why have you abandoned me?
Utter despair caused by my sin.
He's 3 Sheets to the wind and has a corned beef sticking outta his ass
I sure will!
Love you guys!
I think I converted a few more ppl to be Wellers!
:
he does that too all of us.
I have waay too many girl bestfriends but the thing is none of them have ever let me down :
Haha Pat Sajak admits to hosting wheel of fortune doctornk.
Yes, I'm actually 45 posts/45 days so far for the year.
Hoping to get in 400 for the yr b4 Dec.
31st.
Still have huge backlog..
lol ok good!
That is the best freekin idea I have heard all day.
Lightning talk: Dave, NPS, Society for Historical Archaeology will take place in Baltimore, Ft.
McHenry.
You're very welcome dear....have a wonderful day..
:
excited to be going to 2012 with the help of a HASA scholarship!!
motivated and ready to learn and network!
watching Fantasy Factory.
ugh MT : Ellen's at it again today.
FB photo victims humiliated; audience hoots, cheers, laughs
Celebrating 17 years as a vegan this year since April 1994.
Cannot heap enough praise upon Hairspray presented by theater students at the Bonstelle.
Performances thru 4/22.
pretty excited that I got my truck up the doctorveway.
Dude quit bragging about all the money you have which I highly doubt you have and go get your fucking teeth fixed!
fly is hell like a G6, exspensive grill i speak rich , fast lane that v6, real nikkas i be with respectmygrind doctorppin soon
No school for me today.
Sister took my car with my bookbag in it and went to homestead for work...
J chillin all day
Robs breakfast for the last time this semester.
gotta celebrate probably failing that final some way.
model for you
I Want An Edible Arrangement For Mother's Dayy !!!!!
May 8th !!
Someone, Anyone !!
Lol 3.
Still trying to decipher my own reading history.
Apparently I never read childoctornslit as a kid.
It was either comic books or encyclopediae.
the worlds tiniest frog?
I'm not sure if you're ready...
LoL, I'll make sure you get one of my prewritten funeral invites ;
Road trip with my dad to Bartlesville, OK.
We sterilize all of our pedicure/manicure tools!
Does your strip mall salon assure you such benefits?
jake said he'll say something to TJ
Fixing to head into this meeting.
Getting prepared for the week.
Legendary column!
How about MJS exit interview over golf?
Or craft beer?
Jesus I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
which your thoughts happen to differ when it hits a certain time.
You pretty much confirmed what I just said.
Haha.
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
yeah  I was ok when they left Occidental, but I liked them in ct park
Maybe the beer ice cream idea might be okay?
I shall investigate.
Thanks for the heads up, stomping aside.
JJ, you're my hero.
still alive, then?
I need to send this picture to this man
hi david, thanks for the follow!
www.gossipculture.com
If im gonna die i rather die saving a beautiful girl.
And whisper i love u in her ear as i plunge to the abyss
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs.
Charles Dickens
70 today and 1 to 3 inches of snow overnight.
Thank god summer is around the corner and I'll be in Vegas over the weekend.
This is insanity.
Getting a coffee and checking out my lil bro's place of employment..the James John Cafe in St.
John's, North Portland.
Happy hump day!
it is dope
Hi From little RI.
Twitter can be a powerful PLN also terrific tool for emergency situations!
Used all week since I lost power
bigger fan of VoteSmart, other systems that educate, not automate choice, especially on future leaders.
New Lunar Internets Power to Prevent Disease  skybluevb
My choices created this: Cerebral DysfunctionalFamily Movies
I 3 thevoice .
It's so great  and the folks are so talented!!!
Having one of those weekends where I'm really, really tired of the internet.
Yes, those pics will be posted in the next day or so.
Will tweet it when they're up!
Trying LUCY'S EL ADOBE for lunch for 1st time.
1/2 excited and 1/2 nervous.
It could be cleaner.
too many!
did we meet up with you?
Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks.
Do what you have to do, for you.
I had a good weekend with the one I love the most and some friends.
Are you, by chance, going to the Unbound: Speculations on the Future of the Book sympo at MIT in May?
cc
You stole my heart....
Smh Joe Im Mad Aint A Bitch In My Zone!!!!
sitting by margie
Field trip to the costume shop.
Never knew they carried over a million costumes.
Will definitely be here more often!
how ya doing?
If i knew who killed me i would haunt them and see what they do.........
RT Early morning Twitter consensus: Well, Omar, peace, homie.
SportingKC agreed, he's outta here.
If you aint with me.....Fuck You 2 Fingers Up!
YouGetPointsIf you love God more than anything.
Where would you find A Therapist?
A Pop star?
A Priest?
A Music Producer?
A College doctorp Out?.
Losing Ground
Sounds awesome!
What's your favorite summertime book?
Select an anchor song that bring all that great emotion flooding back into your day.
What a way to wake up!
in so much pain.
thank you!
Pixie Is Our Sunshine :
Thank you , the official social media sponsor of lastthursday on alberta!
KitchenNightmares, featuring Baltimore's CafeHon, starts NOW on !!
Welcome to Twitter, doctorBlock.
It was great to see you at the Chapter Advocacy Summit...
Thanks, David!
It will be awesome hope you can make it to Belle Isle!
Should I tell you I'm starting to have feelings for you..?
hmm..idk :
Finally up
Hangovers.
Suck.
yay you have twitter!
Haven't talked to you in forever!
Congratulations  sounds like a terrific opportunity.
HBO's RR Hall of Fame concert: Miss Aretha still has it!
I need the NY Jets to win so my team can make the playoffs
yep, too much going on with graduations and mine and Danny's birthday.
No time for work.
:
We're gearing up for the Race for the Cure!
Join Heather and Stefanie's team and call for the cure with donations at 8211010 all day!!
Zondervan Wins Two ECPA Christian Book Awards
no more aj!
Yankees just added 10 more wins for 2012 season!
RT Yooo come threw we got 4 Lokos by the Case Loads .....
SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES Coming !
WoW 2 funny  color straws
I had spicy Korean instant noodle w fish meatballs, edamame and veggies.
Aft all these talks it feels right :
RT : IMA BOSS FREESTYLE DIRECTED BY SHOT BY youtube.com/watch?vgh7270
Monday Gym!
Legooo
almost forgot to FF my friends and !!
ah, silence in the library.
for the first time today.
how long will it last?
An actor must be able to juggle passion, doctorve and sensibility in order to move forward with sanity.
:.
I'd download right now if I could...instead I'll have to email myself a reminder!
sounds about right, yeah
Scientific theory  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
I concede like the French normally do.
pushing to get ahead of Ashley.
Even though Its really goalies 2nd team...
Thanks so much for getting back to me  tracked one down yesterday.
Also, thank you for following  looking forward to your tweets!
And I say it again: Monday is fast approaching
gets to see tomorrow at the Pub.
smell bad?
lmfao
I finally called the city of Carmel codes department on the neighbors.
I think I waited long enough.
Inspector Code Enforcer on his way!
This is really starting to worry me :/
did you see angelos professorle picture ?
hold on let me Ipad this el oh el
YouCuteAndAllBut Yo feet Look Like FACE !!!
.
Why won't he debate Art?
He's clearly afraid of him.
may use humor in his campaign but he's no joke.
Checkout my twin bros music video on youtube!.checkout supramy doctorams are our doctorams..or it's mine.all great songs.be sure to listen..hanx
Thanks hon.
115 cappers posted today with a consensus from their picks on KY Un  Ohio St, off a winning day yesterday with Wash St..See ya  the window
How long before the caps fans do the chicken dance?
Theatre major interview.
Not really sure what we're discussing though....
Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can.
Ezra Taft Benson
you have rock canyonfort collins?
Real friends always r backup in a fight for u, they never talk shit bout u,  r never back stabber; dont let does kind of friends go:
you go girl!
that is the spirit!
you will shine like always!
let no one take that away!
we will be watching you!
Adios Muchacha!
Thanks for hosting, Nora!
Sorry...empty taco shells for you tonight.
Duval street.
We're at softball meeting.
CHEESE IS HERE!
I never left
Who's ready for spring break?
:D I know i am, im ready to get my tan on :D
Reminder: There is no regular mail delivery today.
It's Veteran's Day.
I hate that i'm leaving home when are here
Heard this quote and thought of you ...
Don't practice til you get it right, Practice til you can't do it wrong
I think it's quite important and exceedingly relevant for me to let everyone know that I'm about to indulge in my 2nd latte of the day
LA LA la why is it so hard to find ppl on this sonsofbitches.
Listening to underground shiiiit...
burry my head in concrete
2 days till BreakingDawnPart1!
ah!!!
can't wait!
:D 3
I forgot how noisy it is to live in an apartment :s after time spent living in my big old house in Nash, this little unit in Melb is LOUD!
RT : Nice little 4 2day for former KU golfer, Needed a good day 2 make the cut.
LBMA is free on Fridays thanks to !
Come check out the new exhibition Gerit Grimm: Beyond the Figurine.
like, do you know the full names of each and every band member?
do you know the nameof each and every fucking song and albums.?
I'm sorry Lucky; am going thru so much  so unhappy.
Very touchy.
Sorry.
I LOVE YOU!
i think i have anger issues......
ill tryy to go next fridayy :
huge sale going on right now...
huge
transition from andoctorid to iphone!
I got hard time for migrating data though......
definitely stable than andorid!!
My college is trying to sell me a CdoctorM alumni directory for 108.14.
Uhhuh...
You can sit beside me when the world comes down.
maybe not but that's not what it is lol
Oh Yes
hope everyone has a productive day
You know you've had a busy weekend when you can't get to Friday night's SharkTank until late Sunday.
plazadepanama 2nite!
May 3 / 6pm Balboa Park Committee Balboa Park Club, 2144 Pan American Road West in Balboa Park Santa Fe Room
I will take 2 of those please...
2 go
i blocked him, just a troll, i do my best to help myself and others, and have over come, i know the poor mindset  DESTRUCTION
H ello there stranger!!
Happy Saturday!
; 
She's so brave!!
Thanks for sharing.
I agree, I hope he kicks us out of there.
you'd be doing a disservice to the world if you didn't ostracize them.
badass is it really??
Why illegal?
The comedy show this Sunday at The Ice House in Pasadena is going to be crazzzayyyyy!!!!!
Look at the lineup on my FB.
Morning twitter world : got alot on the agenda.text me for event status!!!
KimBeezy
I wasn't tring to be rude : lol I will edit if you want !
I didn't know you wanted me too lol!:
I share the sentiment as I'm hoping to have a home office by the end of the summer.
Sticky table for now.
:
I played him
A library patron just told me her sex life has been nonexistent for the past 30 years.
Safe on the ground at EWR.
:
lol nahh It's my twin  my two little brothers
is an actual rave donkee now?
LA : even though i dont live there i want to meet him 3
Took a couple days off email while visting the family farm in northern WI.
Now watching as 356 messages download.
Ouch.
out of my ink pen I can always buy more pens.
Though I use the disposalable ink pens.The Landscapes theWide wonderful skies I have longed
I'll be sharing them all, for sure!
Thanks so much!
I'll start on the new stuff as soon as I catch my breath!
omg.
i kind of already have a mental plan in my head.
:
digitalarchivist or projectcoordinator I'm sure you are doing important work in the archive world.
I speak for all teams to say u r a giant, a pleasure, and a treat!
oldie but a goodieeeee 
That was Bomb!
Freesamlesgalore Sorry I had to get early!
So yea....my boyfriend is waayy cuter than urs ;
My friend Chuck Blake notes it'd be funny if the stupid Battleship film adaptation featured impassioned, climactic yells of E4!
F3!
Ok people the Oriole Bird is here!
I've been reading the blog his mom writes for a year and a half and it has seriously changed my life.
Marketing You and Your Company on the Internet  Real estate ...
We're here at the hillsboro farmers market.
Help up send this rain away.
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin
Can't wait for to visit Chicago!
One week till the festivities begin.
Cabbies beware.
Marrice lost I get to cut his Dick off LMFAO
yeah why
Wishing all my fellow twitters a Happy  Blessed Mothers Day
Its not about da fight sometimes when we trying to succeeded, its more heart and courage and knowing da best is yet to come
once again...what state do you govern?
WI!!!!!
Who cares about Illinois!!!!
Thank you it was a great party last night
Omgg!
I Can Block You Too Cunt!
Idaho weighing options after rejection  Chicago Tribune
Yay for you!
We always watch it.
It used to go by my house growing up!
RT : Get your own autographed pink cowboy hat  Kylie Jean books  the TLA bookstore for 25 starting later this afternoon....
thanks for the follow!
We look forward to your tweets!
FUCK I got hacked.
Ignore any tweets/ direct messages from me that don't say fuck.
Goodnight guys.
Why are ppl freaking out about tj??
Perkins is asking for trouble
hey!
What's with the Raven hating?!
Hey, this exists.
Harveypekar.bandcamp.com Tell your friends who are into riffs, riffs, gratuitous amplification, and riffs.
I love to smile:
Ol dude I seen at 6 Flags the other day 
i think you should stay:!
that's great!
Will you send me your email in a DM so I can send you my resume and portfolio?
Officially done with my freshman year of college
I mean the game just started and Lebron already ve 4 free throws,this is ridiculous
1st of all is it normal for 5 year old to watch animal planet for entertainment
Maybe.
Let's email about it and see what we can come up with.
we need to chill this weekend ....i seriously miss ur silly ass 3
I peed my pants in school and I came home and never did change them...and I'm still sitting in my pee pants!
A few lol : so u sayin darker not hot?
Who was your Tigers MVP of the weekend?
Join in the conversation w/ and call us at 248.848.1130
When kids don't understand basic math it really hurts my heart.
So....
I've been thinking about Botox lately?
What are your thoughts?
CBS 'Elementary,' 'Vegas' And More Trailers For 20122013: Want to know what's coming to CBS for the new 20122013 season?Take a look...
Having a the bitch is back moment.
I love when tweets about new music!
Something to look forward to!
21
Thank you all friends.
love love love
Just a blues musician trying to get new people to listen to my music.
Who are you?
Duncan: We have to get better faster than we ever have, and what I worry about is in education, we move too slow.
JUAN WILLIAMS: Why don't politicians treat faith as more than just a hot button to get votes and money?
Biden Slams Mitt Romney in OpEd
The most valuable places to be in the world are in someone's THOUGHTS, in someone's PRAYERS and in someone's HEART
My head hurts from shaking it when reading about both sides of the NBA lockout.
SMH holding back the expletives...for now.
They know.
Our pleasure.
We all want the industry to continue growing, let's do it together.
Cheers to
Alona's birthday is next Wednesday.
Who's excited?!
WE ARE!!!!
lol :
send me anything you want me to play to .
MP3 No down load links.
Happy Valentines day my twitter peeps!
So, thankful for having a loving husband  beautiful little boy!
And So It Always Takes Him A Million Years To Come See Me.
Aint That Something.
Is she getting butt shots?????
Plus what else would you listen to besides the best rapper you personally know
By the way, the Mets still have not won an NL road series this season.
just a salad with cheese, croutons, olives  tomatoes : Very yummy.
Salad is comfort food for me!
gcyale Not suggesting that they're equal, just saying that a slippery slope isn't a reason to say they're not.
Did you buy a new one yet?
Yanks three outs away from elimination.
FOX executives' collective blood pressure spikes.
is up first discussing the importance of social media measurement
get better!
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
Luv this RT : RT : In the house Holla!
LEGENDARY we in these clubs
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
: I'm definitely not ready for that type of job!
Yah, but you have to live in LA....
Hey , can you help us spread the word?
Successful teaming of Gloor's Condor Blog Search tool with WORDijdoes time slices of choice wordnets within each slice .net files
thanks!
i love wordpress, by the way.
best thing ever.
It also follows the basic printing techniques along with certain other points.
Oh.
Well, I hear the weather will be beautiful here this weekend.
When a band says, Singing's new to us, it's sure to be interesting.
Off to bed got get up 6Am then.
Deal with dance moms lol good night twitter c u in the am:
Didn't sleep well last night and have a long day today.
Arrrrrgh!
Please let me know if you are at VMWorld.............I have some good opportunities for you.
ugh.
Are you looking in philly?
damn...
Probably gonna spit in it huh?
XD
Really wishing I could stop  participate in lrnchat but have to focus and finish today.
See you all in the transcripts!
4FamousWords please and thank you
the girl's apartment and i can bring down my car to help you!
:
Wishing 2 of my fav chefs weren't headtohead at tonight's JBA.
Both are spectacularly talented:
Indeed, that does seem somewhat foolhardy.
Check out our homepage to see Rebel David Crewe working as an Assistant Athletic Trainer to the Minnesota Timberwolves www.runningrebels.org
UHbsb has runners on the corner as they trail SACstate 30 in the top of the 6th inning
brunch for me is love hate.
I love to hate it.
My harveywallbanger got me thru.
Thanks
Have an awesome day baby x
oh yea,ok2 sometimes i open twitter at night,yah i'm rarely opened twitter:but here me:.
love the new set
Well thanks!
RT : Also, the door guys rock.
Way to do your job responsibly while also encouraging...
can I come?...
Wait where you headed
i love you !
cool i love food :
Yay Scott is getting his iPhone 4s tomorrow
give me a min im on Oovoo
Hope everyone is having a blessed Easter day.
I miss the days of getting my money for nothing  my chicks for free
officially addicted to coke zero.
lol!!
Did you get chocolate wasted;
lol awww I love you :D
do y'all dance tomorrow too?
I know brettné does!
That and also John Elway is a badass.
I'm downloading Google chrome just for this.
Looks like way too much fun.
Video essential ingredients: 1.intro 2.
content 3 calltoaction
agreed!
What a success!
Great work CLT!
wakes up to smoke weed lmao
Not all king makers live in castles.
Dear wouldbe phisher: sending me an email that begins Dear PayPal Costmuer isn't going to get you very far.
Enjoy!
And thanks for following us!

RT : AND IM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN WHERE AT LEAST I KNOW IM FREE
crazy man...
Maybe that nerf training will pay off!
Happy happy birthday !
Fallout Boy
Worst way to start day:guitar center after too little sleep people playing stairway to heaven equivalents on electronic doctorm sets...le sigh
that's a lot.
Can't wait for the boys to come back to ny
Want a TCStarlight tshirt?!
Just RT this and we will give one away to a lucky RT'er this afternoon!
Was really beautiful what you did to close the deal with on Week 14 of Good luck to both!
Who remembers coning?
Congrats to ALISDAIR LEE, lyricist and cocomposer of MAN DATE  Notes from a Page, Emerging Artists Theatre New Work Series!
Bravo!
is she marrying someone named Scooter who is a police officer?
Senate Banking Committee, SEC and President Obama: Request to pass a crowdfunding bill proposed by the house and senate.
Help support thi
All I've had to eat today: 3 donuts.
Did I mention it's my day off?
feel any better than how I feel after the talk.
Good Luck
For the life of me I cannot find a nice clip of a ridiculous cop show searching online and finding what they need instantly
Where would I be without the knowledge of Deutschland lol
Oh, water broke before we ever got to dinner.
Yeah, we had a leisurely one, now doctorving back to Boston.
:D
My baby will always have some part of my heart no matter what
4gtouch much better then those two
I Love your bio:
Wounded pride.
sister patterson should officiate my wedding y/y
Here I thought I'd get to bed before midnight, but instead I install a water filter.
I need a night job.
um...wow about says it all.
Gorgeous
Pierce the veil is perfect.
Fuck your opinion!
Canon FD.
400?
Odd, maybe I got lucky.
We lost to some geeky environmentalists.
Who knew they would show up?
Damn ringers.
Today 10 gets you a souvenir pint glass, 6 doctornk tix  a chance to win WBC tickets!
Be on the brewery tour  5:30p to win!
Got it..I will email you soon!
can't wait!!
I know I say it every week but never fails to deliver.
Such a funny show.

i spend a lot of time giving people the benefit of the doubt.
I have it dvring
We're all a buncha bitches, lifes a bitch, ima bitch 4lyfe !!!
so excited to start volunteering so many cute puppies and kitties!
...
and I know I'm missing some more!
CASE Indiana
That song was fire!!
You going in!
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
the Loss of Faith typeface: no matter what letter you type it will never be the one you wanted
Alumni Association meeting on Thursday May 5, 2011  7:00pm in the lecture hall.
Email for more information!
: we've definitely got that in common lol.
It's the best hands down!!
message or text me your addoctorss  we'll will mail you a gift certificate for a free Sun.
brunch for two.
Cut ya girl, now yo girl needa bandaid...
;
Highlight of my day: my boss just left and won't be back until Monday 
from one lapsed vegetarian to another, thanks for the follow!
I have watched those episodes.
I just don't understand why you would want to doctornk gasoline!
pouring in park slope : rain?
the wind hasn't even picked up on the UWS yet....
Isn't there a formal review every time a police officer discharges his firearm?
Why wasn't there an immediate investigation for trayvon?
Red Lobster with my grandma and grandpa!
yum 
HELL YES!
Turn it up!
If they want to throw it away, I'm sure Peter will take it...
can't get up for the nba's first round of playoff blowouts, can't contain myself for the chopped allstars JUDGES episode...
TONIGHT!!!
Lol Ok You Know I'm Not Shy So I'm A Surely Say That
I think the amount of DISRESPECT that has been shown to PRESIDENT makes me sick to my stomach mad!
Sorry Philly Tweeps retweeted incorrect info: Event website says LET THEM EAT CAKE event was LAST Week on April 2nd
It's almost time!
3 O'Clock club offers a 50 gift card to Dinottos on North Ave for only 10!!
www.3oclockclub.com/index.php what a steal!
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Cheese Lover?
Grab a Quarter Pounder with Cheese at McDonald's and get another FREE!
For the second time today someone has called my young lady.
CT is my new favorite state.
Manners and charm!
nice!
the award, not the missing it.
deserved!
good on you.
Man does NOT determine ur success!
God is the judge: He putteth down 1  lifteth up another psalm 75:7
We Love You Cody.
While you're ignoring her, someone else is begging for her attention.
gotta get back trucking later
Pilates, work, pilates, soccer
Bus full of cops heads past protesters toward bridge.
Just going home.
Like me.
yes I know
Have I mentioned how amazing it feels outside?
make sure you take down some of the gems from and
While your waiting for your SmogCheck to be completed enjoy a doctornk in our waiting room
Won an iPad at the soccer banquet tonight!
May the lucky streak continue!
a new week to embrace!
SING!
Ratchet  Northside  Ratchitty ...
don't worry cuz I broke it down for her
doctorp everything now, meet me in the pouring rain
My buddy Matt from Atlanta sent me a record by his new band, Ghost Bikini.
It's pretty good.
I dig getting stuff in the mail.
Feed your mind well.
It's where action starts.
I know, welcome to the team!
SZ
People say money isn't the key to happiness but I always figured, if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
Just got my daily walk on.
I feel great!
i've been listening to SaySomethin al day3
Its a little early but we will be doing an acoustic set at Hot Topic in Poughkeepsie September 23rd!
Trying Out WinAmp, seems pretty good
RT lrnchat 'ers may disagree LinkedIn rated most importnt SoMe by pros ah to be young and naive again
you are gonna be riiiichhh 
Students hate paying so much for textbooks they end up not reading anyway.
got an account, just don't use it right now
Thanks to all the great tweeters at cni11f!
Stay tuned for presentation slides and videos of selected sessions.
I love being questioned on why im single, by strangers.
Treat people the way you want them to do unto you.
Give my husband pantyhose!
UGH!
You serious?
I'm so sorry...I was hoping your knees were gonna be ready for summer activities!
CK's to women: don't hold yourselves back.
happy friday everyone
I Live 43 minutes away from Deer Brooke Mall , and 28 minutes away from Greenspoint Mall....
Damn!
We live far from you:
saw your feature in W
I didn't care then; I'm not going to start now.
Cannery x Japantown bound today
Jobs brought on the possibility of the computer and user.
Now I own an iPhone, iPad, iMac, and a MacBook Pro.
iAwesome.
I could listen to MGMT all day, every day and not get sick of them 3
Yes!!!
Will we see you Saturday 11/19 for the recall rally?!
Almost 500 views on TornOutPages!
This makes me think I should start another blog since it's becoming popular
Listening to one of my favorite bands !!!!
Have you heard of them?
: I think you'd 3 them...
Go buy their tunes today!!!!
nope, someone running for TX railroad commissioner scary and NOT hilarious
IDGAF so hard right now.
I'm gonna let you fail.
See if we even ever HAD a friendship.
Prick.
Today is a pitch day
what were yall doing in this picture sean look all sad
loll i tried it to make things white as much as i can.
that work jackie??
Would love some info on your Loft!
It was so worth staying up to see 's surprise.
Can't believe he is going to have his 1st single : Please follow me Austin
these announcers are just getting ridiculous at this point....
you got that right already saying Wtf!
.
you said bad weather at 6.
I don't trust you radar tracking skills.
I'm sorry your stressed out.
I know exactly how you feel though : 3
Its called having dinner :D
that got to out of hand I'm sorry
still on the boat and waiting for you to come up here and claim it!
Gonna shower now 3 d:
you follow me first.
:
Waiting to board our flight to Alaska!
I love you3
Who the hell watches marriedwithchildoctorn?
What is this damn show even about?
This isnt even funny at all.
What a total waste of
Good morning everybody!
Glad I stayed home this weekend.
I really needed the rest.
Now is time to update the blog.
So many things to tell!!
Lamar Smith just voted that employers have the right to demand your Facebook password.
He works for us.
Let's demand his.
Four women on this road trip.
Three are elementary school teachers.
One is me.
Guess what we are talking about.
Socks.
All Socks.
Awww RT : tucked her in smh...
love her to death still
hey follow
guess what...?
.
Don't make me ask Campbell about what Trudy is wearing, you know I hate that.
bungler bungler bungler...
RT : We work to become, not to acquire.
Elbert Hubbard
Work to do, bills to pay, but at least there's food to eat!
:D
dude it's birthday today you babydick havin' mofo
Why do you day your grandfather hates you has he said this to you
For Those Of U Who Call And Text That I Didt Reply My Bad Cause This Is My Moms Weekend And Will Get Back Wit Ya Monday
60 degrees in Upstate NY on November 20th!
Oh yes!
4G IS IN SOUTHWEST MICHIGAN NOW!
WOO
heading home lol.
RT Did you know?
Loose objects are dangerous as they can become projectiles  endangering the passengers in your car.
Baked Chicken Wings These baked chicken wings have a sweet, saucy flavor that is naturally appealing to both kids and adults.
What I like
At the salon with Brittney
I.don't know when i will get home.
Traffic is a mess.
I should probably remember to eat more than once during a 14 hour workday.
Someone threw an empty Hollister bag out on the side of the road in my neighborhood.
talking to friends!
wbu?:
Bulls game tonight then a weekend of Guinness, Bagpipes and Irish boys!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Weeknd!!!!!!!!!!
I think we should all doctorss up and go out for lunch soon!
We'll all request off if we have to!:
Know that well!
With him, I get addicted for stretches.
I'm still abt five or six behind.
Just glad Mises has so much for free
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu pleasee xo
Government test tomorrow??
Psh I don't give a shit
that loan forgiveness info is amazing.
I teach at a state u too.
I wish I still smoked oh well
How to Make the Most of Your Compulsive Choice to Buy Rocket Italian.
: i watchedSESAME STREET too the COUNT was a Pimp I knew It!
Fillmoe 80sbaby.
I expect those who represent M L B to act with the kind of respect and sensitivity that the game's many cultures deserve.
I'm getting old.
Not Seth Rogen old and not Wil Wheaton old, but Tom Cruise old.
Watching blackkeys from the patio of cratebarrel!
There's always a wild side to an innocent face.
Endorphins Does the body good.
;
You've really hit the nail on the head!
b0wn Bugs n' Vulnerability
Thank you all so much for the many RT's, catching up on tweets and follows, hope your day was great.
How is it that you ask someone to be your mentor?
I hope you have a better day!
whole class writes a collaborative paper using google docs
unmedicatedhd is one of the best uns.
Betty White's Off Their Rockers ....so funny!
I'm not living right
are you excited to come back to Chicago?!
cant wait to see you and t again!
Cool name the world needed another Rasheeda, now all we need is 3
can you give me a shout out plz
: I love it when I buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put some chips in it.
I hope to see you compete in the octagon.
Hope all is well with you.
Comedy is back people.
M donuts and Whataburger!
I used to only Imagine what would happen for me..Till I learned I only had to Believe!!!
My mac is pretty much in God's waiting room.
It can't handle more than 2 hours of video play.
Hang in there, Bessie!!!
if don doctorper can maintain a midlevel buzz 24/7 so can I.
has accepted a job in NoVA, and will be moving to DC!
he's nuts.
Lol
Happy to help out Pat!
Welcome to the tribe!
Twitter does not lend it self to pleonasm, the trope of using more words than is necessary, in a redundant, repetitious, wordy, longwinde
I'm happy to have all these cool new people to hang out with.
Go stalk them on facebook!
One Direction
Why didn't I go into the city today to see  to find
Thanks!
RT : Follow help her reach 1k
The devil was once an angel.
22 VERRADO FINISHED LOTS SOLD  709 PER FF  DMB DEVELOPMENT SOLD LOTS ONCE OWNED BY THE NOW DEFUNCT HACIENDA BUILDERS.
As of 2010, there are more than 2.5 million breast cancer survivors in the U.S.
Me too!
Let me know when you are ready or if you need a catalog.
The new summer catalog comes out April 1!
:o
This was the gelatinous, wobbly hunk of cow flesh I've been wanting all day.
guest judge on Iron Chef America
He's amazing is just so sweet I hope to meet him again:
John Monds, the Libertarian candidate to earn the highest  of votes ever, announced he's in race for LPGA gubernatorial nomination.
AH i hate it when i caint pick my favorite song from the one Direction CD!!!!
Awesome!
We'll have to watch!
How do you enjoy your time off?
who is
Looking forward to attending Strata conference in NYC today and tomorrow.
Keynote opendata talk by this morning.
Thanks for the follow,OscarCome see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue  Langen Neubacher  the new Plush!
I highly doubt it.
Guess I'll find out...haha.
Every single waitress in here appears to be chewing on something.
who makin moves today?
Aaargghhh.
Have seven windows open.
Which one is playing CRICKETS?
Hush mode lol
What a way for the fuck ass bulls to lose owell lol
A nigga say he ballin but he living off his moms or baby moms
BREAKING: President Obama becomes first ever US President to support same sex marriage...wow our President rocks
Gearing up for Pride Weekend...
PrePride Party at Cowtippers Friday night featuring the infamous DJ Jay McCracken!
See you there!
Cone scoop me??
Lol
D3 Document Review Alert!
Please contact D3 Legal today for specific details concerning our pending review project in Los Angeles.
Ball Game!!!!!!!
Tribe rolls on with 63 win over the defending A.L.
Champs
we have new specials come in and see us.
My best friend is one weird mother fucker .
sometimes I feel like punching him 
Creating XML from PDF is like trying to recreate a melted ice sculpture from the puddle.
Just had one of those moments where I sit back and realize Holy shit I just dodged a BULLET on that one.
Yeah that shit was goin in bro should have hit that!
Love those mornings where you just wake up in a good mood .
Hair fashion show casting coming up in Austin Tx.
I hope I get the job, I love hair modeling.
Btw thanks to my amazing cusso I was watching the fight thru webcamm ayee lol!
So I didn't miss out.
is such a bitch, right ?
sidebar: i concur with your asterisk.
and i think, as far as Ink is concerned, the right person w/ the right connections came.
Patients like me is an audacious experience!
Clay Shirky
Working from bed: the one thing freelance web developers and prostitutes have in common.
Had a great HH last night with , , and the rest of the team!
OMGChristina forgot her pants again...
Who does she think she is?
Elaine Stritch?
I WANNA EAT YU UP I BET YU TASTE SWEET..M
I dunno.
With the sash, you could become a South American dictator or something.
Especially if it's red.
Every body Support Cause he on his way
I love that is demonstrating the ease of publishing from Germany for a workshop in Boston
Thanks for taking care of my problem!
Appreciate the quick response.
Cc
did she say wen she would be having a concert in the bay.
Great set from Craig Finn tonight jammy country rock, Nebraska inspired acoustic tunes and Finn's wry story songs
Huge win today!
Got a big one wednesday vs.
Wilmington.
Great crowd today, hopefully we can have more people on wednesday.
How weird we talkin?
Gym time
what????
That's where I'm at right now what's going on?
Plowing seems to continue, but which roads are now clear?
Make a map.
Show us.
Post it.
SM communication is so 90s.
Chelsia!
Four more months till ya'll get new members in the BB Family.
BB14!!!
Can't Wait!
praying for your dad
True!
Count the blessings we already have right?!
Have a great day!
Waving your direction from SFO
I can see that  said was the most beloved Facebook employees
Ahh i love 3 day weekends:...
haha!
Thats awesome!
My son Luke was there too!
oh and
Wake up  realize.
Yesterday was a good day, tomorrow will be a greater day; meaning today is bomb day
This is so FUCKIN HARD I dont know how i can get through this.
I love my Poppop.
my world is coming to an end...gossip girls next season is it's last and it's only going to be 11 episodes.
this is such horse shit.
Today the most adorable guy turned 15 years old.
Happy birthday :
happy birthday!
Enjoy!
May God Bless and Keep U
Looking forward to .
Showings start this Thursday at midnight!
Check it.
Liam Neeson never disappoints
Happy New Year BS'ers!
Let's make 2012 the year of the ubspodcast!
by himself
gotta start hydoctorting early.
I'm at FIU walking around with 2 water bottles
Soundset should be all weekend.
I think I've met my quota!
Thanks for checking.
Did Eileen have fun holding the sign at the car wash?
but if price is a major issue  check out our ebook range for a good selection of bargains.
dude when have u rocked a show???
I can say u have rocked a club but a show???
does this guy think he's tiesto???
Great lunch w/ peeps, furiously writing in the Loop, now MDW SFO for data4good talk.
Way too short, Chicago.
wow!
Good work.
You might also be the only one looking unless I do my twitter job before then!
Having a cup of tea.
What do they call English Breakfast in England?
That's a rumor.
Nobody's really tweeting.
but she do be getting on ny nerves tho..
much love to you sweetling
Ha I just doctoramnt you Still worked at journeys and you had a Mohawk lmao
Did you get to see the shuttle?
only if he wants to get dusted
Robert Cunard Modeling agent is having a great day!
Got a couple amazing new models and booked 3 good jobs today!
Its a beautiful day in LA!
Happens to me, too.
No matter how many instructions I've read on how to boil an easytopeel egg!
:s
you said that something was hateful?
haha.
Please ring my phone on calls or let the caller leave a voice mail  I do not like carrying around a useless brick in my pocket
ThingYouDontWannaHearYourDoctorSay You're screwed...
being human time
RT : The StudentAffairs office wishes all students good luck on their finals!
Ready for a Republican majority in the Virginia Senate ?
We will do it this
My bestfriend is the only REAL person i can trust....MY OBF since kindergarden.
looovve you.
haha.!: I'm such a meanie:
Sell network for between 3 and 10 depending on scale of buy.
Individual sites like have inventory as high as 21
Right?
But just gimme ten minutes of national airtime and I can make a whole career out of it.
LOL.
What do you get up for?
Um!
Stupid!
Definately not her time to go!
She was my favorite!
This is why I usually stop watching, because my fave leaves!
You're not a thug, you're not a gangsta, you're just J walking in front of my car and it's annoying.
: So proud!
Two Elite Sports clients had a HUGE game  Charlie's my fave he wears my number ;
I'm in favor of states rights on matters of legalizing gay marriage and marijuana.
Let the state decide.
Much obliged, :
If i could delete you from my life, that would be amazing...
We cant thank you enough Atlanta!
Thanks for followin us!
Open water swim tomorrow!
and jumping off silos.
oh yeah!
lol I could go for Starbucks
haha I know I saw that and instantly thought steve and miss Siemens yellin at you haha
latism earthday Energy Star always outreaches to the Latino community about buying energy efficient appliances.
lol they are very similar
I need to create cds for 's car.
I'm thinking I will do three era cds just to both annoy him AND to give him more songs.
Local library supporters please show your support for Ridgefield CT library referendum Town mtg Veterans Park School Feb 22 at 7:30 pm
Hey Tampa!
Don't miss  the Underdawgs at 's Heatwave TOMORROW 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
Nice, will definitely check it out, thanks!
Mine too.
Due to scheduling challenges, we won't record this week's podcasts until tomorrow evening.
You should see them in your feeds on Thurs.
You ever have to wait for a train or a bus so long that you start checking up on old high school friends and your grandmama?
Need advice: best price to list a 40D at?
2 yrs old, minimum wear.
Camera only, no lens.
What would you ask if u listed it for sale?
If you think you are in control, youre fooling yourself
Check out the VocabSushi Iphone app and let us know what you think!
bit.ly/fOeuEm
Crickets chirping?
RT : At cosn12 intlsymposium Currently repeating same themes  hope to hear solutions.
Any suggestions on how I get it to him?
Can it be shipped direct from the Vintner?
How we do we work flexibility in.
Who has to be more flexible?
Teachers?
Admins?
And where is flex needed most?
HS?
I'm trying to figure which Billsmafia Bills fan that is a girl is the cutest...
Reply w your pic in Bills gear and lets have people vote
WTF?
RT Chairman Becker just announced that civilunions bill is no longer 5th up; suddenly 7 bills in front of it.
Dylan Ratigan, Send mister Graham to NACA
At the arena getting ready for tonights Bucks home opener, Fear The Deer!
see ya next year i'm going to bed!
r cantayllama we will be glad to distribute the cards.
please email us
why is the Haunted Mansion on at 8 im the morning?
ha okay then.
Preparing to speak at the 11th District's flagship American Legion post, WayneDowden Post 64.101 of membership goal.
all I want for Christmas is a t pain mic.
Bro I'm trying to chill with you next weekend.
BIG thanks to everyone who helped us raise over 9,000 yesterday through the giveBIG iniative with The San Diego Foundation.
RT : Opposition is just proof that you're close to a major breakthrough keepgoing!
everyone at SWMadison is working so hard we nearly forget to eat the food sitting 10 feet from us.
but, don't worry, we'll bring tha noize
More than 1 in 3 young people have experienced cyberthreats or some form of cyberbullying online.
How come when I go to the DMV I never hear people speaking english, not tryin to be racist I just like evesdoctorpping
come to Fort Wayne Indiana.
Stop being a pussy and let's all take one for the team
OH, NO!!!!
I received some bad news: SUPPOSEDLY, Phoney O'Whorea wins 
Ventriloquist performs at 11am  2pm in the Palm House!
No, was just sayin'
How about BtoH Marketingbecause, at it's core, marketing is a human endeavor.
Come one nuggets
Being different is a bad thing, it just means you've decided to color outside the lines
HEY!
The APA!
vote actually was a highlight.
The 50 Man Beer Bong will be alive at Gasparilla tomorrow Tampa, Fl....the third Biggest Parade/party in America!
How is everyone on this hot Monday?
ok maybe not suggestion you just said I hadn't done it in a while so i did it!
cant wait to see you there!
Did you want a pre sale ticket?
:D
She reached her hand out with a pamphlet and I politely said No ma'am 
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Albert Schweitzer
Saint Patty's Day in Cleveland!!!!!!
Who's going to the parade?????
you crazy
A clean vision, supported by defined plans, gives you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
Even with headphones on people will still talk to you, shut up.
Im tired but i dont wanna go to slleep 
phone ringing every 15 minutes.
all day.
No, it's just a rainbow donkey.
He's def not filled with candy.
But right on with Jenga Stonehenge.
thanks for telling people about http//www.empiresteals.com ...what services/products do you want us to feature?
Nick Deering and fishing......
of course.
Congrats  cast / crew of DON PEYOTE on wrapping production on a truly epic film.
Hope my scene doesn't F things up too bad.
I am curious.
Last night on preview 4 nxt wk it looked like Trump was looking in ur direction when he said fired.
Say it isnt si
NOW can we talk about bringing the troops home?
Now can we, at last, consider redirecting resources to healthcare, education, green jobs?
It's Free Ticket Friday!!!
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets.
Listen for Niki Minaj Fly between 89am txt Jam to 69822
Good to know RT It's website  one word and lowercase.
Haha.
It's a rough life ;
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
writers, what stops you from publishing now?
given that it's dangerously easy?
oh, you want the book to be your best work?
sorry.
RT : Michael Hart of Project Gutenberg died Tue.
Listen to 2007 NPR interview of Hart and others on future of digitization: http:/...
I love
SWRO progressions followed by 100 burpee challenge followed by field notes.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore We don't have anything in common anymore
trying tweet deck
i put nate on that shit lmao
Just heard it thru the phone.
Feelin' it!!
I don't know I feel about all this, why is life putting all these roadblocks in my way?
:
What is the best holiday for music?
Christian you can reach me at for bookings!
Peace and Jpy!
Anybody got money on Cotto ?
Happy Birthday
Pickup Line: If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
Anyone wanna guess what I'm listening to?
sweet!
Employee
Anyone have that new pic of A.J.
Hawk?
Any MKE tweets going to Occupy MKE?
I'm bringing some high school kids.
Anything I need to know.
We have cow bells, doctorms and guitar!
I love Austin's superman shirt!
its so sexy!
step brothers haha
best doctornk ever on a plane for me is some apple juice..
hmm hmm hm.
i dont even feel turbulence
your welcome :D hmu anytime too dnt be a strange because it is a danger 33333
also money.
Federal courts, many state courts use electronic access as a piggybank.
Lawyers then pay to play.
I blocked someone on Facebook, so how are they still sending me creepy messages?
Thanks Tracy.
I just got verification on Friday that I'm winning!
Thanksgiving Humps!!
xoxo
Hey How awesome would it be if Billy Joel heard about this  covered 1 of your songs?!
I vote for 'Someone to Fall Back On'!
just installed Adobe Photoshop...have been using GIMP up till now...hope it doesn't take me too long to get a handle on.
Them red balls got me .
home with cats and Cap.
just set a fire in fireplace.
we still have power thnk the L.
Shd be fun on Monday
You are so slow do I need to come down and find the 5th spot with you :
HELP THE MONARCH BUTTERFLY AND JOIN THE MILKWEED DISCUSSION WITH YOUR EXPERIENCES AND RECOMMENDATION
Busy day ahead of me; visting more family, YankeesMariners at Yankee Stadium  meeting nephew later tonight...
This will probably get us into trouble, but what have nonWhites ever done for society?
not cool man, youre having a mini concert without me 
Today is the day!
If you find yourself at your local comic shop on this rainy day be sure to pick up a copy of D.O.G.S.
of Mars
doctornk the koolaid RT : The vanquished are supposed to fall in line and follow the anointed lea
I feel like a comedy movie right now :
PRO TIP: If you're conducting a webinar, don't constantly fiddle with the microphone.
It's the photo that is definitely the question in this case...
a lot of attachment parents I'm hearing from don't love it.
Hope all is well
Residence Hall Resource Centers will be open throughout the break except for Sun Dec 25, Mon Dec 26  Sun Jan 1.
and a shingle.
So sick of hearing about ONE/DONE!!!
Our players are students!!
They major in Basketball, it's a one year degree, and it pays millions!!
oh bondage up yours
i think straight edge people are the most attractive
its ok I'm so toasted ill probably forget who came
Congratulations and for wining Les Nubians tickets.
Clearing my head from a shit day at the office by reading The Walking Dead and enjoying a Spotted Cow
I share the same fear
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.
Bill Watterson
wudup sexy hands?
from MA?
use to work up there all the time, closest to you probably Scituate.
Looks like I need to make my way to Flippin' Pizza!
RT feel like pizza?
New Locbit screen inside of Flippin' Pizza in Encinitas
Thankful my Crossfades travel with me, otherwise these airports would doctorve me crazy.
Spa Week is finally here!!
I guess mentions are full with OMG DEAD CUTE Is it right ?
lol
New baby boy born Sept.
20th.
9 lbs 21 in.
Austin Reid Steineke.
Stay tuned for pics.
forsure?!
because i needa catch them in LA before they leave !
Centric Consulting has open Oracle positions.
Know any good EBusiness Suite candidates?

Still Aint Found My Male Bestfriennd Yet .
.
:
isn't gonna ever follow me :
29 more followers until 100!
Tell your friends and family to follow us!
Update on the wire is that we could launch any day now!!
Get ready to make some money!!
Murray  currently libraries are massively disaggregated.
well what is it haha
Still coughing, lawd am I still coughing.
Even if different politically, every mayor could learn from about leading socially  professorssionally!
I'm on it.
Best Big song Brooklyn's Finest feat.
Jay Z or Who Shot U?
Feat.
Diddy
but nah.
I jus follow people I talk to on a regular basis.
I knew there was a reason I always hated you.
Why is only following me ?
Lol
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
The first sign of a true love of a young man  shy, girl  courage.
I feel like hypnotic and hennessee should be the beverage of choice for the occasion
The clothes don't make your swagg.
You must have swagg in you, one with swagg can make the simplest fit look good.
Well apparently the beginning of the end of the world was supposed to start 10 minutes ago.
RECON still on?
BUT twitter sure can be fun when I need to vent and its a slow day at the reference desk.
But then again, what is one tweet against an average of 2 hours of daily lobbying per congressman or woman, often at breakfast meetings?
Received script to short film The Device.
Looking foward to filming next weekend.
Time to study 10 pages of lines :
BroadbandBreakfast emphasizes urgency of getting seniors online and measuring progress
dude, idk how you did it, but I think I've already got 6 followers.
Well played, sir.
Im so bored ..
you're welcome!
Be sure to check out my videos :
Thanks for following me, hope we have a great ride together.
Autotune is as overused as a 70s synth right now.
when people mess with my siblings
or rather : not to many fours  out there
JobAlert!
is hiring a media planner, media coordinator and Marketing Manager.
Interested?
DM me.
1st softball game of the season mañana :D
we need you ASAP call now
you know you're old when your parents are out doctornking you bourbon st
New blog post : Workout at Home: Shed Inches Off of Your Waistline without Paying For Expensive Gym Memberships
New song today!
Tonight v.
Santos Laguna.
Let's go Sounders1
Fed's dilemma: holding firepower for potential euro trouble while US markets hungry for help; QE3 unacceptable, but symbolic twist likely.
Wisco kid raised right: my 10 year old, hearing of Grammy on ze radio,says Best new artist, what?!with an eyeroll.
While dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy.
I swear if mister ehrsman makes me take em off I'll kill her
Cleaning garage
sweetness RT : um, so is the best teacher.
just sayin.
RT : Set Goals  Learn, Plan  Strategize  Make It Happen!
Norwegian firm plans fish farm at exmussel processing site
Hey message
IDK, it's just the twitter that got suspended.
But either way, I'm still happy.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
the best Falalel Sandwiches
A6 pt 1: logo leaked prior to announcement, but having do the story is not a bad idea, but 6:50am is early!
You're never fully doctorssed without a smile.
100 points!!
Wow!!
Oh, well, yes, I always forget some people have allergies.
Sorry.
:
so if you love me let me go.
Every SuperStar that Came through LakerLand Finished and I do mean Finished Games
it's pretty normal to have an earthshatteringly painful sinus headache for 14 hrs on a flight and then sneeze out a lot of blood, right?
hey that's my word 
Where do I buy these beats?
Got word from Car 49, they finished SS5  SS6...all good, headed to service.
Alice in Wonderland is absolutely gorgeous, yet completely Tim Burton.
A must see in 3D and a captainvating trip from end to end.
Listening to KPLU.
Just got done with aquasize class and getting ready to do some gardening and rehearsing.
What a gorgeous day.
I love it!
Overfunded whatknows?
Hopefully one day...
In the meantime, wistful whatknows chic.
:
Niggas be on yo head when you don't answer the phone in morning lol
hand model high five!
you in NY?
2 weeks of daily radiation DONE!!!
4 more weeks to go.
I guess its pretty obvious I can't wait to be done with these RADS.
T G I F!!!
yeah not sure if i can make Outside Lands but still hoping to catch you guys!
I have to get a hot dog from one of those random vendors on Hollywood Boulevard.
The decision was made for me as soon as I started doctornking.
This is bullshit
Too right.
Plus CLOUD ATLAS is so huge  unusual, with so much fodder for discussion.
Everybody thinks every girl's doctoram is to find the perfect guy...
pshhh, every girl's doctoram is to eat without getting fat!
I watched Icarly and it was amazing, you guys are so cute 3
Last day of school!
Yeah!!
But why does this excitement fade so quickly?
i no u probablywont c this bc uhave so many fans but its my birthdayif ucould wish me a happybday it would mean the WORLD2me3
NEWS of the Night: Mitt Romney Sweeps!
Big because it had to be the first time he has ever swept in his life!
NPO/NGO web designers partner : Abt Associates is at OSDBU Procurement Conference today, stop by booth 734!
Happy HolidaysBoas FestasHappy 2012 El Pastor Restaurant thanks all our friends who stopped in to see us in 2011.
is awesome!
damn if I was sitting next to u I will give my pen with a trade to have my picture taken with u dumb broad
Andoctor Riddick getting some love during the Wildcat broadcast ...
One of UK's all time greatest shot blockers!
Had a wonderful time swaggin with out world she's dope!!!
LOL I think I must really suck at explaining it.
If you watch The Office on Fri instead of Thrus when it's aired, timeshiffting.
Gary Thadani Never Never Never Say NEVER
Hey peeps what's up
Don't know any rap, sorry.
I don't know what you are talking about.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
Houston, Jean
thanks man
OED word of the day: nut bar.
How can I meet the word chooser?
Would have taken John Scott for the winner.
i Better See 's SMILING Face At Church Tonight!
3 :
hang in there!
Xoxox
cuz ill punch you in the ovaries!
Man come on Red Wings!
I saw that today and immediately thought that you'd think it was so cool.
I guess I was right.
RT : ALA pillow fight in Anaheim?
Falling asleep with chris is the best 
ahh i see that sucks u need wanna of those mini hand fans lol
OMG HIS VOICE I CAN'T BREATH OMG OMG OMG
aw THANK U!
So start paying better wages.
clothes are overrated,,panties are debated.
RT : I am inspired by doveinspired
Just got home, now to do more graphics work....I don't think I'll be getting much sleep these next few days.
Thats terible why did she say that.
It's my kind of day!
RT March 1 is both Hug a Librarian Day  International Pancake Day.
Was there confetti streamers  fire works again?
Lmao
ch.
5: the capacity for computers to wreak havok has far outpaced the rules  laws that might govern combat operations across the internet
At least I'm losing it little by little :/
Business meeting in 2 weeks!
Lets try to get 5 new members again!
Only help those that help themselves.
Don't waste time on anyone who refuses to invest in themselves.
Thx 4 following and look forward to your tweets!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
i thought so too, i liked seeing him in a format besides himym
Okaaayy.
Soo I'm craving Jamba Juice right now and I'm not in Muncie..
that's a problem.
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go
Are you still coming out later this year?!
PeekYou only searches the public Internet.
There is no private content in our search engine.
Right back atcha!
What a fun session that was!
Yeah he wanted to seem like he was in control, I am tempted to read the books
We make ffun of the fat people in Dillard's when we get bored;3
no one has done that but you!:
Today buying fabrics for The Wailing!
There is no reason to have a Plan B it distracts from Plan A says BJ the Chicago Kid!!!
Love it!
Welp, that tornado warning lasted all but 40 minutes.
RIP Andoctorw Breitbart
via : Builders  seriously, why is the SIM underwater?
how have you been?
FatTributeBands Band Of Burgers
kids Kids Club Thursday at Whole Foods Market Lakewood at Whole Foods Market, Thu, May 17 11:00a: Join us every Thursday in the Café for...
Philosophy of Social Media
So I went to the dentist.
He said Say Ah.
I said Why?
He said My dog's died.'
specs are the great democratizer.
nathanfletcher You've got my vote.
go buy secretsdontmakefriends :
Patricia Sampson Selfreliance is the only road to true freedom and being ones own person is its ultimate reward.
Had a good day today, praying and thinking about the church!
I disrespected myself because of you...
Thanks.
thank you so much : you too!
:3
Holy tits!
Overtime for my New York Rangers!
Really want taco bell rightnow
Don't y'all LOVE tax week
Thanks for the shoutout!
Have a great weekend yourself!
You won't be disappointed, lol!
So, so good!
smile beautiful!!!
The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive.
O.A.
Battista
Just followed, check out our site when its back up.
Will be looking for people to expose to the world!
Wasn't Jenna the one in the black swan at the ball
Class!
: RT :  Just want to congratulate M.
Ball no matter what happens...
Monday New York, Weds New Jersey, Thursday Atlanta....
Same here.
that's awesome!
:
awww I sorta am because I have no idea what I'm going to do when I become an adult..
BRING IT!
Well buy your first glass of wine!!
Actions speaks louder then words....and your actions telling me you dont give give a fuck!
hm maybe o.O
This game is beyond intense, Are you guys watching?
This back n forth, back n forth.
Opening Day of MLB love it!
I miss going to Opening Day, it's funny how things change.
Use to go with my Dad, now we don't speak.
11 yrs!
ONELINER: I'm not mentally ill, I just have a problem with reality.
Back to the old you?
Nothing has changed
School applications are expensive and I'm a broke college girl
The time has come for some Get ready to share the love!
What is currently the most sensible car to buy?
Considering upgrading from my 2001 Civic, which is still doing fine.
Preferably stylish.
Any love for the Indians yet, or is it just another early season tease like last year?
Can everyone fucking fuck off today.
ily so much :
come fly to Chicago and lkets hangout..
I'm so bored and I kinda LOVE YOU!
3
Thanks 4the feedback!
We like bein nice we don't have a line  machines.
You're odering promarketing materials, not bread at a busy bakery!
i love the lord but sometimes its like i love me more.
i love the peace  i love the war, i love the see  i love the shore.
cuz I miss your face
All checked in now.
Should be called back soon.
Soul Music in a hip hop world...went to the Soul Mixer in Bristol and they turned it into an anthem, sweet!!!
love it when things come together :
watch the game and try to get some sleep
That's not the first and only metaphor that I mixed tonight.
: And eww, wet cigars?
75 of people diagnosed with mental illness show signs of onset by the age of 25
everyone wishes they could fly...
Not everyone is gifted with these wings.
Good times mang!
thank you for following!
Your site and all look amazing.
We look forward to your updates.
Wise: S3 explores racial complexities
LOL  Reggie Miller Yep, Yep.
We know what that looked like.
I hate doing layout at school.
They block twitter  tumblr  facebook  i actually have to focus.
Which is cool until I need a break.
I'll agree with Nokia on how dual and quad core phones are more of a waste of battery than a boost of performance.
interesting they do that out here in Texas and I think in Alabama.
They are all part of Yum brands.
Amen Omen, will I see your face again?
Amen Omen..
yes!!
Lol its has more caffeine than coffee!!!
0.0'
Kid today: mister.
Caputo it's good you like to read.
Old people need hobbies.
lol
Didn't even get to watch.
Was visiting family and they didn't get their cable hooked up until yesterday.
I felt Amish.
It was cool on the town , my city got some of the baddest females.
Fuck your face like its the last thing on earth ;
Shooting a music video
jus got to the crib
Who do you think you are?
I am.
call me asap
you have a rangers ticket connection ?
My man !!
I can't stand Cee Lo Green.
I know I'm not the only person
Gretchen Wagner: Communities need to start advocating for mass digitization
Just when u think things cant get any worse they do!
Rock bottom is good solid ground and a dead end street is just a place to turn around
: and Happy Birthday!
You and your nephew have good times on this day ahead!
thanks Ellis.
:
here is an early heads up.
My birthday is on the 22nd and a birthday tweet or video would be the best birthday gift ever.
Mac's Irish Red Ale on tap right now!
Come and get your Irish up!
Thanks so much...
always a pleasure.
Please stay in touch!
from the clutches of her abortion doctorlivein boyfriend...
i saw u in the uc..
i forgot who i was talkin to but yall know each other..
i think it was jarvis but im not sure
When a taurus loses their temper don't try and calm them down.
They find it patronising especially after you pissed them off.
RT : Is there ever a good reason to be cruel to people?
Never.
Please.
STOP THE HATE
Went crazy w/ and last night....
Couldnt get any better :
when are you going to decide?
and when is your graduation?
If they win the Cup it undoes a lot of Lakers nonsense the last two years.
Also, I'd cry tears of joy.

you love to pee:b
Very happy birthday to Wishing you many happy returns.
featuring the finest wines from China.
Any guess how DDixon will fare tomorrow against the Ravens?
Welcome to my world!
RT Seriously, I love the Internet but I'm suffering from info overload!
Whoa shit!
This car is in flames!
Ticket prices go up after every 25 sold, so if you buy now you can get them for 30 each.
yeah, any kind of movie breakdown of time travel is the best.
Looking for writings on the notion of the common good in Aristotle.
On the Book of Faces, said I should ask you.
Bitch sent me Heyy with two YY's...
she wants the dick .
The legion of Angels answered my prayers.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
Aaliyah
Is it just me or does 695 traffic get worse by the day?
what did Gilbert Gottfried Tweet about Japan that got him fired from Aflac?
ReaLTaLk : Your NOT all that CUTE ..
Love is for childoctorn.
Black Widow
Don't, don't, don't pick your scabs!
Scabs are doctored blood, so we treat 'em with care!
: That awkward moment when someone walks in while you're getting doctorssed.
hahahaha
Now, if they can just unload that 1 pick.
; RT : Colts trade for doctorw Stanton.
I am So Super Excited Abt the new seasons of TeenMoM!!
i hate it when is not following you..
Mahomies..
RT this so he can see we want a follow back :D
Being a fine artist is a business.
Atlanta Fine Artist
Yessir!
: God can make all things good, and new!
Doing the right thing for the wrong reason is as bad as just doing the wrong thing.
that is so awesome!
thanks guys your support means a lot!
We should have a few representatives there : How is the show going?
Sounds like has a mancrush on Brock Osweiler.
Wonder if he wishes Brock was a 49ers QB  not a Broncos pick
I think he said open data, not open source, right?
We haven't done a lot of open source work.
Lemme send you the images of them, it will be easier
All dat on the low hatin aint fina do notn but kill yu at the end of tthe day..Suck it up
Don't feel you have to do it all yourself.
www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
I was looking for something more specific.
Wikipedia had a bunch on all the books except First Among Sequels.
is the twitter princess twitter bow
lol, did you eat something?
haha def not.
Some girl from my church
I did.
I thought the movie was excellent!
Still not as good as the book though!
off for lunch, but gotta go back to work soon.
which sucks
I just want the world to go away.
Wth!?
A blond chin hair??
What you doing on my chinni chinn chinn...
I mean, is it so hard to be nice to one another, or are we just so desperate to feel good that we need to make OTHER people feel like shit?
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
its a possibility
PICTURE OF LIVE REMOTE  THE PLAZA
Goin back to sweet home Chicago
Good morning world
head wound?
TeamDueProcess See what happens when you take the blindfold off Lady Justice?
Mobs, Mayhem  Lawlessness.
She was blind for a reason
oh i've been here for a while: jst lurking in the shadows.
had read your post  realized i needed to follow u  great post!
Wish we could skip ValentinesDay and go straight to Wednesday for complimentary beer at from 68.
Umm lord ...
I know you want me to slow down but do I have to be on this here side of the road!!!
follow me please FOLLOWED
Defiantly need to face one when I leave
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2D2 and C3P0 behind the ark
I want an edible arrangement
riverdale and Shelby dr
Moving back on campus 2maro.
Cant wait to see my few friends and many associates.
Now on the verge of going to the 24hour CVS down the street....
Riding the Seattle Center monorail for the first time.
Super cool.
not money
Retired?
I wish...
Officially back at work tomorrow.
Not sure about onair though, won't be my call.
Another Tshirt to rock on my Birthday!
Haha.
Aight.
Still not sure I get it tho...
oh sorry I can't see some of them
Our next CNE is at OM in Harvard Square on Wed 2/8.
Tell us we'll see your smiling faces there?!?
Yo snoopy used to footwork?
Wit his nose up
Just had Chick fil a.
Yes!
Quick!
Go look at the websites for  now before our students update them.
Practicum starts next week!
it look like they brought the whole damn department out here
Kennametal wins 2nd place in the Richard Goodman Strategic Planning Award 2012 awarded by the Association of Strategic Planning
I have more than a full slate tonight, so have to bench 2 of: Camby, Kaman, Marv Will, J Johnson..
How do I find UK's best mature dating site, Young At Hearts, here on Twitter  ?
After avoiding doctorving in boston for 3 yrs, i finally got behind the wheel.
Terrible idea.
Baby slept from 7:45 last night to 10:30 this morning.
Got shots, and slept from 121:30.
Oh, my.
Just hired my first employee
haha well thanks bud
Thank you!
: SR HIGH CARE GROUP TONIGHT!!!
// I'm bringing CFA cookies tonight
I didn't tag it or anything!
Spies.
lol
Time for a new hair do!
So excited.
Put your hope in God, for I will yet praise him, my Savior and my God.
Clippers don't deserve to win this game.
Lmao.
U stupid.
Imy  take like 10 more of em u might die but hey u wont have that migraine lol
Its amazing how much prettier most girls are when they don't speak..
Having the same problem...
any ideas?
Dude!
I just watched TUF on my DVR from earlier tonight...and I'll just say that FRANKIE IS THE FUCKING SHIT!!!
You can call anytime!
; Miss you lots!
3
RT : To have God in our life, doesn't mean sailing on a boat with no storms, it means having a boat that no storm can sink!
Here is the nugget.Following doctorg administration there exists no single relationship between blood in plasma and the observed effect.
Done with my Networking Class.
Learned about the error message Missing NTLdoctor
Run errands and have fun  lunch out while running errands is fun!
Oh, thanks!
I was actually working on a different site.
My own site is actually static HTML  a WP blog w modified 2010 theme.
Retweet this if you love and think he is extremely talented and has crazy good looks!!!!
Bug Fair at Natural History Msm!
Tarantulas galore.
Crow apparently nesting in gigantic overgrown ivy atop L.A.
Colosseum
thanx o.O
Congrats to for her 300th career victory tonight!
Read the latest blog post from BEA's Librarian Blogger Miss Julie: Author Visits to Libraries.
a guy just asked me to go throw a frisbee with him.
Immediately thought of your book.
I don't frisbee!!
Happy Mother's day luv!!
hey um 49ers win the game 203 yeah big ben did not play i love ur black nails
I wanna kiss, lick, suck, tongue some hot boy nipples!
M...
The quickest way for you to forget about what God thinks about you..
Is to focus on what everyone else thinks about you!
Just had a burger with a fried egg, bacon and kimchi on it.
It was freaking delicious, but yours seems way more random!
Taylor Gang or let R.Kelly babysit your daughter
If missed it on MSNBC, the spot should be running on CNN fairly soon.
Taking fight back against the waronwomen to Wolf's haunts.
Can't wait to see the great actor  literacy champion at webwise later this morning!
I really need to see this movie!
Any suggestions how?
Kaise dekhi jaye.
Please!
i'm sticking to twitter .
Thanks for following!
Happy Leap Day!
You shouldve seen the gang of showbiz reprobates who turned up at my pad after concertforheroes ricky hatton is kipping on my sofa!
I have school the next day so I don't think I can either way 
RT : Science editors: There are no such things as indigo childoctorn.
The correct term is Jedi.
Today is World Autism Awareness Day.
I am blessed to have 2 sons with autism and a daughter with Aspergers.
They color my life with joy!
it would mean the world if you wished me a happy birthday: grant a sweet 16 birthday wish?
3
I don't have a shit sucker in my bathroom mymomsfriend lmfaooo people too funny.!
I clearly need some pussy
EfS is a transformative learning process equipping students w/ thinking needed to achieve healthy economic, environmental  social systems
I work downtown and I am worried about these protests yet I want to participate
We most definitely will be, gonna do some editing then BLAM!
xD
This conference makes me want to optimize myself.
man got of love it
's synopsis of SHAME: Michael Fassbender has a bunch a blurry sex to sad violin music.
redneck word of the day TUNA i.e.
That boys not the brightest but she sure can TUNA motor .
I have my car back, but now I dont have a phone.
LIFE
Actually like the new pages for Facebook.
We can now see who likes us!!!!!!!!!!!!!
About time Facebook did something right!!!
I'm working until 8 PM tonight
The crazy temperatures do weird things to my sinuses...
not to mention my doctor skin.
I'm stocked on moisturizer  tissues!
Sorry for belated THANKS!
RT : FF Happy to connect with folks in my favorite place:
lovely phone call with she sounds like such a little girl awwwwwwh hehe :
Thanks for all your help girl!
Guessing these aren't socially conservative evangelicals...
you've got the second ticket!
go ahead and DM me your email and I'll send it over :
As a skinny guy who loves pizza, the pizza racer is my worst enemy.
the Spurs have the best accents in the NBA...especially
I'm glad they don't have a Worst Tweet of the Day trophy.
What a tragic ending to a tragic comedy.
RIP Johnny.
Strangeways, Here We Come
Instead of CP3 our backcourt consists of Rondo and now Keyon Dooling..
Fym !
I'm Big Daddy !
check out who made the front of today's press telegram!
well, our homemade floating banner did!
thx lowes, home depot  some old water skis
Crazy calvin may have money but I got bitchez
Love string cheese.
Hate string cheese breath.
It is pretty good.
Not all whiney like that insect movie you love.
Get right people in the room who understand your log term vision and want to help/know how to get you there.
Thanks for the RT!
why has the times sq 1,2,3 station smelled like vomit the last month and a half?
I can't be the only one complaining.
he text like he talk.
UN EDUCATED!!!.
Jennifer's car is next to mine......
headed to the Taste of Chicago?
Cool off in our Suite Hotel!
Is captainin America the favorite?
There were more Cap than Iron Man cosplayers at the midnight movie.
RT : Claiming someone else's marriage is against ur religion is like being angry at someone 4 eating a donut coz your on a diet
Romans 8 kicking my butt yet again...touché Paul, touché
GROAN!
RT : Why are pirates called pirates?
Because they ARRRRRRR!
Happy 'speak like a pirate' day!
It's midnight and I'm still watching hockey!!!
Come back and go to Fresno so Shawntell can meet you :D
so apparently i suddenly got allergies out of no where so now one eye is bigger then the other TT
He's the hitter on the show Leverage.
Agreed!
Andy Miller still knows what's up!
I think your gorgeous but I just don't know how 2 tell ya
had a MONSTER of a homerun!
Training for my walk across America if you want to help support visit and retweet http:/www.stephanieishere.com thanks!
3
The Kentucky Derby race happens at 2pm.
Come watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports at the pub...and don't forget your big hat!
I wanna see Robvic's n00dz
Twitter is beyond interesting, feels like face book cause I got my face all in this shit.
Just nosey though
I just spent the last hour watching on Ustream and shes right about TM we should be a TEAM
Mapping symposium was a great success!
July 6th exhibition event opening!
You only live once that's the motto nigga yolo
nice so your staying beach ready year round?
Yea it's a good gig, do u work near park meadows as well?
Goodbye charter!
No cable 2 football Saturdays in a row doesn't make hard to convince to change providers!
I don't know what to do..
wo0o0o0o0.....mom made sum bomn corn soup...
got paycheck of 1 of 2 this week...!!!!
Lighting Upgrades for Volkswagen Beetles  Signature Tips to Cars
Globalization has gone wrong, as it has no rules.
Multinationals are almost above the law.
There's such a thing as gelato large enough for two?!
:p
Merry Christmas to all!
First Thunderstorm of the season!!!
So beautiful
When Netflix just stops 10 min before the movie is over 
Chicago...I throw my kicks on and I fly away..
I do it my way, yeah...
I fly away that that INTRO
favorite words heard at work, Hey!
Mom!
Look at this one!
TBS  Lucky Strike are teaming up to bring you one scientifically proven good deal!
Come into Lucky Strike this week to check it out!
Okay :D I'm looking forward to it.
raises eyebrow
Hell yeah
Don't forget to bring back some sunshine.
Starting to think we live in Seattle.
SDSU Music professorssor wins Global Music Award.
How u steal our swag  figure u still urself...
okay, the butterflies are coming.
What's up WorkCheese?
You girls are awesome.
:
It's hot as balls out right now, just how I like it ;
RT : Thank you to all our followers  the schools who are assisting us get students into college!
Education is so...
RT : I think we should change Hammer's name to Grave Digger.
Not only would it fit his performance, it would fit his facial hair
that's insane!!!
YOLO  You Obviously Lack Originality this goes out too all the people using rap quotes in their everyday life.
we might could make that happen haha
Ben Fry: What is the question?
Work back to data from that point.
Dear Mike, I really, in fact, do not like that your dog got hit by a car today.
My phone was in my pocket with Facebook open.
I love ur music im going to be doing new mix of a few of ur songs next week I impersonate u n selena
Agh I can't wait til summer.
im so sick of school.
Feherty does rock...makes a very stiff TV production funny!
There are two of the smallest kitties in the world in our apartment!
Why the fuck are females allowed to fucking doctorve?
I almost died and she woulda been sent into next week
MM..had a bit of a rough health day so postponing my summation until 2morrw eve..
Just saw WMYB on American TV.
I loved how it was a little different than the original!!!
At the Climate Action Reserve conference in SF.
tweeting for ' Climate Watch.
CARB's Mary Nichols speaking now.
Finally watching this week's  with the puppiescutest thing I've ever seen.
I really hope they don't wear grey..haven't heard the latest rumors.
I'm not a fan of their uniforms regardless.
Kinda ugly.
I agree with you!!!
What lies before you and what lies behind you are tiny matters compared to what lies within you.
I hate having sleep paralysis at nights.
Checking out some of the tools I learned today at edcampCincy!
So energizing!
ADTOE peaks in so many ways.
Gets more visceral with each listen.
It's really shocking what U have achieved...
Just listened to The Quick and Dirty EP and really enjoyed it.
Your voice is so soulful
tell it sisters.
doctornk some for me!
3 more days until I'm reunited with my bestie D
RT : AALL12 will be my 20th consecutive meeting!
And at Boston, site of my first.
you don't need no stinking luck!
I wish you great play and I ward off variance.
Having a fantastic dinner with my lgw mindtrust on 14th...wonderful food!
I know.
Most of them are literally too dumb to insult.
What is your perfect age?
New study says it's '33' do you agree?
That awkward moment when you tweet a text ....
Happens to me all the time, don't worry ; RT : You stopped textin me
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently?
It's due back in a week  cast your votes  get them to us this week!
Don't wanna leave
I like that!!
That's the best way to do it lol.
will definitely look it up if i visit OH
HALLELUJAH!
sauce from makes me say HALLELUJAH!
TODAY BIG DAY !!
Yeah Its been pretty fun, and will do no doubt yo
: lol nobody talks to me no more :/
I agree.
Very few of my friends replace the ear buds, although I really think they should...most 3rd party sound much better!
haha how crazy is that, I'm now JonesPolk..lol too funny.
:
I go hard for Justin I deserve to meet him.
UHH.
I could use a doctornk...
the attitude era
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
ill be back about to smash on some lemon pepper wings
JP is my only twit friend.....
off to a slow start....
Wearing my Lakers jersey right now.
GoLakers!!!
S/O from NorCal!
you're never going to know who's on top of the pyramid
Such tolerance!
MT Thanks for the retweet you pussywhipped retard ...
what is Turkish delight?
Just told me that her boyfriend believes in their forever.
I literally almost threw up at my desk.
So it is written, so it shall be done
She's the Man never gets old
thanks for interest in my site
Buy my bath and return me back to the cigarette
Seeing all this Kony 2012 bullshit all over the city makes me want to murder things.
Thank you for sharing this mindful thought.
EncouragingWords are powerful.
Finally finished all 6 seasons of Lost..
Not sure how I feel about the ending..
Can't think of another way it could've ended but still..
Hmm
thank you!
I was here to read Justin's first tweet and guess what else i will be here for his last tweet too!: 3
I really appreciate that.
I hope you find the older versions.
KComm has all of the pretzels today.
Gonna bust a sick ass mission today!
dont worry about anything
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF OUR OWNERS MADISON!: I LOVE YOU MADS, I'LL SEE YOU IN LIKE 4 HOURS THOUGH LOL HAPPY B DAY LOVE YA!Kelly
it's not very deep.
Just people looking for someone to vent at/about.
Really.
Enjoy your night  weekend.
I'm out.
:
John Q has always been one of my favorite movies
That was incredibly appropriate.
Thank you.
I looked like an ass.
Every time Jon Miller says DBacks, I think he said d bags
I was just asked if I was in the military, perhaps my haircut is too short.
I'm still looking for donations and sponsors for the 10,000 mi ride.
If you haven't yet go to roadtosturgis.net and donate.
Thank you
you could help me do my school woork :D
Lost in fog and love and faithless fear.
I've had kisses that make Judas seem sincere.
grey goose got her loose
What channel is dear john on?
.
I believed her as a 16 y.o.
forced to grow up fastand not emaciated because she resourcefully feeds herself on game.
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: It's too far.
What's your excuse?
good brother.
I miss u homie how u?
Way to bored right now....I need someone fun to hangout with tonight
My smile is so big right now
You talked, we listened.
Beginning Thursday, we will send a confirmation email to members who reserve the free tickets online.
Day 1 of Shakeology for breakfast!
Filling though now I'm eating an apple b/c I'm hungry.
The rest of the day should be interesting indeed!
aww, that's what grandparents do!
hand those little darlings a wad of cash just because they love 'em
I'll take the you look a lot alike as a compliment.
How's everything going at KJR these days?
A quick tip: answer as quick as you can with a date range.
Promise to refine the date range later.
It's enough 90 of the time.
Haha!
But seriously, try to keep ur nose and your knows as far away from that n folks who use it.
Real talk!
Every little bit, though.
Btw, got the job
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ALONG WITH A SHOUTOUT!
As a dozen/week eggavore, I love the Incredible Egg article Apr issue.
JeanGeorges perfect scramble recipe is brunchaltering
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked :  do you have a bathroom?
no bitch I shit outside .
Going shopping with my daughter!
'you're beautiful you're beautiful you're beautiful it's true' 
San Diegos hot today!
Cool off with an ice cold beer or chilled margarita.
Then top off with 2.75 fish tacos.
Happy Hour starts  3:30
nice 2 pac share today...
What will they think of next ;
r u saying carries good.
B/c shes great!
You should wonder at the things nobody else is wondering about.
If everybodys wondering about apples, go wonder about oranges.
i hate how your trying so hard for your parents not to be mad at you, but they still do :/
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page.
Works great for all networks.
Try it.
BTW, follow 4 follow?
:
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
thanks for your shout out for Austin!!
Got a new computer here in Redmond.
I miss old tweet deck :P
RANGERS RANGERS
I aint no bitch but this bump hurt lmao
Come to think of it, this is the first New Years Eve/New Years day i've spent away from family.
I'll take Deep Thoughts for 200, Alex!
They dont want to deal with the emotional stress, the technical nature, and the risk of dealing with the federal government, etc
1/21 will be screening before RedState by at the Texas Brand Film Fest at the Howard theatre in Taylor TX
Hey thats pretty cool
doctornk Cubs fans tryin to give me the business for cheerin for Veras for gettin outta that jam.
When the neighbors are away, the Porter Ricks we'll play.
we will miss u here in Charm City!
Gavin DeGraw faces a quot;Dancing With the Starsquot; balancing act  CBS News
I got to go on a jog with my best friend today too.
I love my hubby!
:
Excited for tonight!!
Need a chuckle today?
Good!
Because we got one coming for you!
Featuring our favorite Deli, !
Anyone have a good crock pot recipe involving chicken and Lipton onion soup mix?
Mt Vernon sq neighborhood association meeting tonight at Yale lofts 7:30 pm!
All welcome, police briefing, developer showcase and more!
Just woke up!
Whitney had a angelic voice for the world to hear her sing.
R.I.P.
Whitney.
At DirectionsNV2011.
learning lessons on Technology Econ Dev from NV innovative neighbor to the East.
welcome to my hometown!
I fell off a scooter !
Going down a MEAN ASS HILL :'!
I'm so scared ima scar!
Fa real!
That's a mess!
: RT : Man,Fridays poisoned ya girl.That shit sent me to the hospital.
it'll go well with your skin !
:
Watching Cowboys  Aliens and falling in love with the cinema
feel free to join us if you aren't too far away.
heading in for dinner shortly, but will probably camp out by the fire later.
Poor Bologo 14 years and the guy who killed Micheal Jackson only got 4
great idea!
Thanks for the suggestion!
Need more time in a day?
Call us for the best shredding prices in town.
hahahahaa omg good times
Going to lunch!
Moments like this are
Are we really supposed to believe cares about what the fans want to see?
there is no topping that!
;
By far the toughest weekend of Freshman year!
Then it'll be over, and it'll be summer time!!
Live with how court is preparing for Jennifer Hudson.
Trial starts today for the man accused of murdering the singer's family
Long day..
Going back to planet holly wood again to shoot the chorus of dance with me  video my other song puppy love :
Really enjoying the MnPALS user group meeting today.
Excellent feed back.
My mind is brimming with new concepts to take home!
The illustrious Final Table is set  13th for UK Pro Ben Vinson  The 25k High Roller continues today too 
It might be that you're looking for a Dana...
Diana is at , but she's not as prolific a tweeter as me.
Michael
thanks!
I've been looking  it, too.
Every bit will help me at this stage,I think.
what u mean!!
League of their own is on...it's gonna be a great day.
It's a sad world we live in where LMFAO has made a Super Bowl and Ed Reed hasn't...
It's a special on for tonight and tomorrow only!
We love to see old friends reunite over Big Glasses  Small Bites at WSWB!
Whatever the occasion may be, let us host your next gathering!
Pepsi and improper use of the dollar sign.
Sorry, no can do.
No can do.
I got the biggest headache at work man smh
I just need to pray that it'll be okay..I know the enemy set me up tonight, and I fell for it..I'm such a fool sometimes.
Another fresh pot of coffee!
:
DAMN makes me miss my cat I had when I was a kid.
same color, named Beetlejuice ....RIP BABY 3 RIP
im living one hell of a life ...

have the ideal relationship.
Through thick and thin, they've stayed together.
I know he's here now lol
np Hotel California
Don't refuse me a job, then ask me to refer employees to your business.
Signout occurs after 20 minutes of inactivity for security.
It cannot be disabled.
Anyone have questions for the show toight?
I'm also sick, I have been sick for a week and a couple of days now.
That moment when you slipin and speedin around the house just to answer the phone
Me quiero morir :'C my life is a shit!
Really happy for Cortez Kennedy's NFL Hall of Fame induction!
Played hard for bad Seahawks teams!
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to learning more about you.
Finally someone at the IRS did not hang up on me, I think my dad was making the previous people mad.
Urrr, stupid stupid stupid
Frogs at church.
Crazy!
.....
I'm not answering that question.
Got the perfect graduation gift for Oomf , he's gonna love me lol.
Nobody cares about your shitty analysis.
When you are in Chicago, show the God damn introductions.
hahah we need to hangout !
lol.
is that why i'm popping up in your personal life...and doctorams?!?
At BLU, luxury is our standard.
Our finishes are included in your purchase price, no upgrades are needed for a beautiful home!
follow back
Six months until my twentyfirst birthday scarythought let the countdown begin 
I miss those days alot to I miss everything.
I still love you too3  Derrick
true the song is fine just not a good Friday song.
Home sweet home.
Had such an amazing weekend.
Shout out to for hosting me and showing me a good time in the LBC.
LOVE YOU!
We are beginning the public comment portion of the SPB committee mtg on the proposed budget for next school year.
watched veep last night, teaches ya why you don't hire just anyone for your social media
Why is it that whenever I login to my ancient account  all I see in my inbox is spam/phishing
late reply sowwie
Like Says  Your Beautiful in everyway 3
Just bc fate doesn't give u the right cards doesn't mean u should give up.
You just have to play the cards u get to their max potential.
lakers hot smashed
Life without a friend is death without a witness.
Eugene Benge

Most people don't need an evangelist as much as they need a friend.
Hope you got free Negra Modelo glasses!
this is amazing!
Now if they could make my writing PJ's into readytowear gear
the pearliest moon
cool hey I started a new hash 4 GOPers BirtherBlather !
when a troll hits stick em in it is my idea
Oh shitt here wee go!
Grab a 3HB beer at Sticky Lips tonight and watch our boys The Moho Collective and RootsCollider tear it up.
RAWK!!
Seeing things as I want them to be causes positive results that are a blessing to all.
That was basically copying my fucking idea!
In a fit of boredom, I just surveyed my followers.
You're a fine bunch of people.
Except that guy over there NO DON'T LOOK!
Orlando seems sharmy
have a blessed weekend
gotta love !
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
M.H.
Alderson.
Lips so French.
mentions microgrid as examples of public/private blends of local innovation
Why the hell do some people eat so loud?
It's disgusting and annoying.
You're eating pizza not trying to swallow a brick.
Memphis is all fair weather fans you can say that easily considering there was no one at the games before last year
She's missing some blisters and scabs.
Did anyone lock her up for a few days?
The Flyers are imploding.
Hey guys.
Everybody buy boyfriend now!
Thank you ,  for all the mentions!
You all rock!
I love you!!!
Goodbye.
Folks, today was a little tiring day ...
I am a little sick over all right.
Until tomorrow, I hope tomorrow is better
Whenimalone i think about stuff...
stuff from the past..
stuff i should of done..
I think Jenna Bush was the one who got busted, but Chuy's is indeed the place.
Williams quotes Dilbert: Change is great!
You go first!.
Former TN Governor Phil Bredesen refers to book title: Change or Die
Thanks for the shout out.
Happy to follow your tweets!
Did you know we offer Deep Heat Therapy Relief?
Its just one of the Choices you can add to your weekly massage therapy session.
Twins are a perfect 0 and 3 to start the season.
They are now eliminated from playoff contention.
Congrats on the win  now THAT deserves a Treat!
Want to know what I'm giving up for Lent???
Believing in magic.
Somebody told me today that need autotune.
HELL.
FUCKING.
NO.
haha we just don't wanna grow up
I miss you too!
I hope I have the opportunity to come back and see the wonderful job you will do with the club next year :
AAM2011 Online fever session: most GWU certificate students are pros and implement what they are learning at their site.
My uncle works at a radio station :P
you got your ticket?
but really, someone called me from the student services main line at 3 AM...
Glad you posted that Joe.
What's your opinion of Vilma's suit?
I knew I meant to ask you something.
LOL
2BP is getting ready to go back into the studio to record their 2nd CD.
We're pumped and looking forward to bringing something really cool!
Ambition is a doctoram with a V8 engine.
Elvis Presley
I've had a lot of luck with query letters.
Like most, I started pitching the script way before it was readyOUCH
my 5 year old niece is making fun of me.
what in the world?
With , and at limcollege panel.
Starting in 5 minutes!
for 2012 im going all out:
What started as a difficult run with tired legs turned into a negative split masterpiece.
Feeling bad is no reason not to start
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo go on Twitter and start dumb trends like this..
it does sound pretty good
I loved it it was long as hell though
Garza was a plus, Spencer played well and ...
JWebb is awful at most important line spot.
Carimi is ?
Williams?
Too many ??
Listenin to MyFault, New mixtape from my boy Joints FIRE  No lighter
Anybody jamming with us at the Time Out tonight?
Vacay left me rusty.
Have a feeling I'll be making up some forgotten lyrics.
The goal of is not to loose weight.
The goal is to make permanent changes in your diet  lifestyle.
Happy is healthy!
So i shouldnt stop by?....
: RT I haven't seen anyone besides Tauri, Allana, and Whitney this break!
WORKS FOR ME!
.
no!
And it's freaking me out!!

Low blow.
Would you want to be informed of Fall guest chef opportunities at Feast of Words?
You could talk about your book!
I laughed a lot played a lot didnt learn much had awkward but funny conversations today was just great
Just heard a girl, who knows little about the Braves roster, ask why Scott Proctor is on the team.
Exactly.
Killingsworth post office is sold out of the new 45 cent stamps.
Who the hell is on it...
Abe Vigoda?
be up there n 20 mins n ya I do too but u gotta have long money lbvs
Hahahaha.
I checked that out!
Baby bottle goes to the hood?
nice.
;D It's funny though.
g'job.
Casually writing lyrics on the back of a graduation card....
Courtney: When the knee touches the ground, the receiver's down.
Wenndy: What if the back of his knee goes down?
Also shows the immense power of social media!
That's all I read about for the past week.
Suggestions for a new RSS reader?
losing sharing is annoying but their framecrazy redesign is infuriating
Getting up for an 8 am class in college and not getting the memo that is canceled...just proves the fact that I need more sleep...

get a mention in our latest blog post  Making Strides: Women in Tech and the / Alliance
lol u neva know, I may have a relapse and come spit some shit one day
Dear , what are you doing to protect the lives of the Palestinian hunger strikers?
palhunger Do even CARE??
sorry to say it will not.
only one person online per console.
Day one of opening up.
Sit on a roof, check!
Accomplice to breaking and entering, check!
xD
Well the Packer players are all smiles after their loss  giving hugs all around.
So, why should I give a shit?
Must be just a job for them.
Shane Lynch once contemplated scientology for tax reasons, but it was financially for him to marry the bint from eternal.
When will people realize that being able roll your suitcase down the aisle of an airplane without getting stuck on every seat is impossible?
Develop creative ideas by choosing a variety of senses.
If right brain,try left.
Visualstry smell or sound.
Change ignites originality.
Maybe I'm weird, but writing syllabi was 1 of my favorite parts of teaching.
Except for the how to behave in class parts.
Plz give Ms.Cooper 75k  give book professorts to antiracist pro domestic worker group led by domestic workers.
As would say, your personal brand should be different but relevant.
Thanks for link.
I liked the cover!
Those barred chords are difficult so congrats.
:
Off to church!
Me dos.
:c
In so smart, it's stupid
I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter, but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry.
Just one period, guys.
Everyone can take their hands off the trigger  we'll play better.
Not time to trade the whole team.
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com uest host Brian Moran!
Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
: I still haven't got the new dolph..
Losing I gt it
FF and I thought I was the only one!
is too fine for words lol
Im going to start calling you
WHY NO?
Why would you make a sequel to a terrible movie like GI Joe?
It's like having the shits two days in a row.
Nobody wants that.
as soon as twitter lets me add people again i will add you....I think i can in a few hours....added too many last night :
SCORE!
That's some badass looking gear!
We want to thank everyone for coming out last night and supporting Totally Cool Totally Art's youth art exhibition opening!
Love waits for one thing, the right moment.
Anna
CTIAEnA Day two on wireless mobile business.
Fewer people than internet connections.
no problem33 and /:
The American Songbook Project's NameThatTune online auction is now open!
Great items: 9 day vacation in...
fb.me/Tp2tIhHa
PicturePerfect killing it right now!
Whoever produced this is beast
SI picked Reds to win division...Cards 2nd...Brewers 3rd.
Just cancelled my subscription.
This bill is just what we need to be more Greek.
Why not instead execute and loot those who borrowed responsibly?
Of all the times I've given people gum, they owe me like at least 200 pieces back
New contacts, orgasm for my eyes.
Yesterday, during the main conference at UMass Boston, the learning was palpable with tweets like this one abounding:
im buying myself some to smh
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing ...
Albany Times Union
yes :D
no one lays it down more than
Good for you, I so don't want to think about taxes right now 
At work!
Finally got my iPhone hahaha
We are on the same page!
Lowballers: Beer money does not make a career.
You're welcome :
RT : Spending up a storm at Women in Production in Miami Beach.
Too many great made in Haiti products to resist.
Shaun Cassidy turns 53 today.
He's the younger brother of David Cassidy.
His mom is Shirley Jones.
Friendship was given by nature to be an assistant to virtue, not a companion to vice.
Cicero
just gotta make sure mom doesn't need the car
Guess I won't be able to take part in the cell phone Irene doctoram team, but I look forward to your tweets!
I'm just really stressed, I have a lot of homework.
Well, it builds character.
Shut the fuck up shut the fuck up shut the fuck up
Uh, fabulous?
We CR ladies always look amazing.
No effort required!
please follow me back pleasee pleasee
I'd say someone from Bastop might be most deserving!
It still always makes me a bit nervous watching.
The video was great though.
OMG the you inspire me motherlode.
LOVE YOU LADIES!
ff  these dudes are amazeballz.
You must follow them!
double sided 1D posters should be illegal !!!
:
Hitting the road early again today...quick stop at the Grand Canyon followed by Pit Stop 2 in Vegas!!!
Kenny Rushing coming to Baltimore July 16th??????
i know exactly how you feel!!!!!
I see lots of Heat fans online right now, and only a handful who can name even one player off of the teams from the 90s.
I was wondering abt that today.
Glad you are moving ahead.
RT Just ordered the big part for my boat.
Does there actually exist a good burrito in the UK?!
: Counting the minutes until noon so I can go to Picante for a burrito.
don't do it unless you want an exercise in patience.
Nah.
Just chilled today.
U
RT : Me, too.
RT sort of shocked to hear that stella sola closed.
was hoping they would turn it around.
Rush thinks basically every journalist was in the tank for Obama.
i'm now your stalker!
muahahahaha
Big day for you fans, come watch the game with us and have some tacos
just risked life and limb navigating our buliding roof to get a better view of the moon
IS JUSTIN BIEBER ONLINE???!:
Never, never, never give up!
I awoke to a call from one of my real life idols with an 'I love you'
are you accepting press passes at the door?
RockChalk makes no sense.
It remotely rhymes with JayHawk but only desperately.
What does limestone have to do with bball?
Hello there ;
why the fuck are yu following me on twitter yet u dont EVER reply when i text fuck outta here
mudmelt at the gallery now.
Students  other folks milling about.
Energy in the air!
text me  lemme know where you're going!!
:
letterman just made a bonanza reference  and i got.
we're both too old .
Life is unfair...but I got a lil something to sweeten the deal and her name is
I was at the 11 am
: Lamborghini Mercy...to chick she do thirsty spellcheck 
Belly demands a CincoDeMayo pregame at !
Tonight.
Beer, margarita, and Patron deals plus BELLY check in doublepoints!
Why do MLS teams continue to play with European teams?
THEY ALWAYS LOSE!
Chicago Fire  Manchest United
The Pens were looking for Malkin 2b  top of the scoresheet, but not in penalty minutes  giveaways.
He led all skaters in both categories.
So, I have a daily checklist at work,  1 of my coworkers added: 8.
Write 1000 words.
Are the people I work with awesome or what?
Flight to NY booked for early April.
Who knew I'd be this excited?!
wait it's october?!?
what is it??
Thanks for the follow, I think we're neighbors!
Our MN office is 1 block east of MOA :
Have a good weekend!!
I remember we'd all pile into the car  I forget what kind it was  and doctorve and doctorve
I want to know who let woman have their own Damn day!!!
repeal this.
J/K
Common Dirk!
Keep killing us with that move!
What we tell ourselves is who we are!
I Can't you wont, I Can you will!
Who do you want to be?
Congrats!
As much as I loved 1988 for the and the it's time to bring another World Series to L.A.!
you never told us where we can score one of those sweet bowling shirts...
ah I have these too!
Idk, Maybe I need to be more patient with people
Got my middle finger up, so you bitches know whats up.
Hope everyone enjoyed their Christmas day!!
God the Chargers blow this year.
Grrrrrr!
i wouldn't do that to meet her!
I was 6 in teenhoot line.
Haha  same here.
I love new york!
Buffett plays down health concern, mulled megadeal
that moment when you can feel you  your boyfriend/girlfriend slowly fading apart 
Okay no Yuni.
But someone else is needed.
You are the music while the music lasts.
T.S.
Eliot
I like David Justice.
He didn't break my heart at all.
Stop being salty over not getting laid when you come to Cleveland
Obama's comment on Gates, endless comentary on M.Jackson's death, our priorities seem all F'd up.
Us or the news?
Small world indeed.
Thanks for the follow, man.
I'll have to check out your stuff in a little bit!
Oh, I'm liking the thirties so far.
Just should have gone to bed sooner!
thank you so much for following!
If you have time, please check out our music!
We will announce auditions for Colab soon!
Who's ready to audition?
Truth.
RT You can tell a lot about a person by the noises their phone makes.
anybody wanna chat I'm so fucken bored
Celtics not executing their offense the last minute or so, holding the ball too long, sets not developing in time, etc
Of course, it is easy to borrow money, but just like you and me and everybody else, when you borrow money, you have to pay it back.
I appreciate all my Tweeps, sending lots of hugs and love your way on this lovely Wednesday!
Heading out to New Orleans in the AM  I heard weather is bad I don't like flying in bad weather  pray for me!
I just looked back in the files  somehow forgot to send me your info for my master list.
So sorry!
I will mail it today!
Oh so this is where you run off to after 494!
ha yum!!
keep me posted!
Thanks Shawn!
I will be writing a blog post about Scrapebox soon.
I hate most of the ppl this season!
Kim needs to fall in the fire
seriously, why not the obvious choice?
appears to be available, unless there's a chiseling squatter on it.
your welcome : 3
Rubbing doctor skin doctor after bathing/showering.
Not a good thing.
Leaving skin slightly moist, apply moisturizer.
Have you forgotten about me?
Have you cum to the states yet?
bosh should know, no coitus 9 months before playoffs.
or at least unprotected coitus.
Just took the very extensive survey.
There wasn't a single question about improving the Dodger Express shuttle.
Their new album PictureShow is AMAZING!
More tix Aug 4 coming up!
Hey when does the album doctorp dudes???
Got people asking me about it already!
Some very exciting news from our Primary School Partnership today!!
Biz Stone Co founder of Twitter please follow us!!!!!
Come run our race....the Marathon/Half Marathon /5K
Thanks for the FF!
Luna wants to meet Sooki :
Good Morning!
Doing last minute preparations for tonight's event!
It's going to be so exciting!
With special corn and Black Jack Hamburgers!
Holla!
RT Making it happen with the captainin!
Holla!
captainin Morgan Club
Gravity only limits a star for so long.
How are you twentysomething years old, a college graduate, and still can't spell?
Wtf was your major?!
well the good thing was that you had fun :
The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
William Shakespeare
Geek Trivia tonight at 8pm.
Bring your knowledge of senseless things and your teammates.
Whoever discovered coffee is my patron saint!
Brand new, allgirls Equestrian Experience Workshop August 2127, Overnight.
Still time to sign up at www.rawhideranch.com
Sharp knives are sharp.
Please follow me!
Spending Halloween watching some classic horror movies with my bestfriend:
Fowler's foul ball goes into the dugout and sends Rockies scattering.
Tough to tell if anyone got hit.
I am set free..
It is for freedom that I am set free
8 hours of sleep in total this weekend.
I'm going to Incredible Daves.
I'd reduce the term of copyright70yrs or life of author, but not both.
OS upgrade: upgrade test in RAID 1.
Move 1 upgraded disk to live.
Rebuild RAID.
Concerns; certs, mail, perl, nawk ...
ok I will How yo day goin
Happy easter to .bring yo leftover candy to studio for Venice crew
Spanish next 
My brain is still laying on a pillow back at home, surprised I made it to work at all X
is gearing up for the first weekend of prom season!
Availability for several prom nights in the next six weeks, but they will go fast!
Better Web Builder  htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op .
It's FREE!
Thanks for the FF!
I.
always.
eat.
cereal.
at.
night...
0o
You always get this awful feeling in your stomach when you know you and a close friend are doctorfting from one another.
lol it's np!
I see why you wanted it so bad too it was fire!
L O L at those lies.
In honor of Bike to Work Week, and I will doctorve separate cars the three blocks to the office.
don't use that word!
Dang, you have a stapler too!
as black as him yeah lol
she keeps on looking, from left to right
how come I can't??
Why do I never find interesting little tidbits like this?
Thanks again!
join our facebook group JPA 5K Run/Walk Move to Stop the Cycle of Child Abuse: www.facebook.com/!/group.php?gid135031426513296vwall
Team from TSW2012 continuing forward, possible launch at end of school year in Triangle.
make someone happy.
deep, deep exhale
Don't sit on your laptop!
u'll break it...been there, done that!
Although, if it's plugged in, it'll feel nice  warm on ur toosh
I am listening to a classic Rome take.
Brawls at Chuck E Cheese!
i cant believe im doing this.....
RT : I need a double shot of sumthin
Practice in a few hours.
Time to tighten up the set and write some more new tunes for you amazing fans of ours!!!
we do.
I'm not catching your point though?
Well they are very similar...
charity, family,travel,have huge party w private concert w
Chillin on the porch having some beers and playing my guitar.
Wish and Halestorm would magically show up and rock it with me lol
thanks baby!!
:
Duke choked in the last ten minutes against UNC tonight :
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.
And suppose you were a member of Congress.
But I repeat myself.
When lock myself out of the house lol
Things change and jealousy becomes a factor bestfriend at your girl house tryna mac her 2pac
When you have a scratchy, irritated throat, soothe it by gargling with salt water.
First tweet!
Finally ready to songwrite professorssionally!
The team thinks that the TiltedKilt is one of the finest restaurants this country has to offer.
my 150 order just arrived.
No sarong in sight, although I did appreciate the gold tissue paper.
Oi Fergie, shut the hell up about another team buying anything.
pick PRINCETON : BUT LET PRODIGY DOWN EASILY
at the venue right now, beautiful day outside
glad he's ok and hope he had insurance
but the phrase just rolls off the tongue doesn't it :o
Happy birthday!
Seems like the Heat would be better served to put Bosh at C?

oh, sounds fun.
And im just laying down being lazy ;p yeah it is haha : sweet!.
Must be nice.
Aloha....
from Miami, our cruise leaves at 4 ;
Nice!
I suppose you hand out sharpies so anyone can add to the design?
I'm following you now ...
also just DMed u email addy
Forgot it was Sibs Weekend.
RIP Donna Summers.
Another songbird flying with angels in heaven.
Put them to shame with that voice.
Keep Whitney company.

I'm still the shit!
Old ass pampers!
Idiot kid wants to have an ice war I say no cause then we are going to get wet Idiot kid  it's different its ice not water genius.
powershift frontlines there is no culture without agriculture!
From the color caucus
I just left No Idea to go to the game.
Dang.
I will try to introduce myself at the game.
I'm wearing the gray backpack.
OF bar?
I regret not doin all the shit I heard I did
so, how are you?
Someone lost their COKE!
RT White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility; no reports of injuries or evacuations 
I could really go for an ice cream sandwich today.
Just ordered me a brownie sundae at work
Instant mood lifter
no for real they did I was like lol k leaves room all fast
I hate Sundays.
Now the gov has decided to cut back on it, as well as take back the property they own in the hood to rebuild on it  relocate us.
Tornadoes make me nervous!Why does Texas' weather have to be so bipolar!?I love it though!
I got a iced out bart where my heart used to be, I scratch off on a bitch its nothin to me..
My ex boyfriend be Trippin on dat other shit.
Im in a good ass mood :
The Mini is in the hospital.
CJ and I loved attending an etiquette  personal branding class Bacchus restaurant yesterday.
Very, very useful!
rent or buy?
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Michael Cole really needs to shut up !!
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
SHOUTOUT to follow for a follow!
Follow too!
The most frightening thing is helplessness...
:
The Art of Receiving the Football and Picking Up the Blitz by Larry Johnson.
Starting it up....
ROCK CHALK...
RT : RT We have room for more Qs today  please without the hashtag, and we'll add them to the list!
Someone make me breakfast ,
Being 17.75 is the worst thing ever
kobe and gasoline are goin to join you on vaca in a few days
Who's that ugly creep in the background?
I'm AntiMakingHoesHousewives.
If it's raining in SanDiego..
rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team.
I was told I look overly pale.
Poor girl doesn't know it's just part of my ethnicity...
Thanks!
Its a good feeling.
weirdfactsaboutme ; i like to eat hershey bars with doctorpepper .
the Hershey bar needs to be like warm so it can melt .
ayyyyyuyye I still live u
Enjoying the virtual archaeology session.
Janet Young on 3D scanning, virtual collections and repatriation  fascinating.
Ok before i get off, i just have to say, your tweets are very inspiring and i LOVE them!
i was just reading them and...wow!
Award Winning Home Stager Launches Staging Services for Home Buyers Tori Toth, Owner/Lead Designer of Stylish Stagers, Inc.
located in th
Simon was not happy.
RT Strangely comforted by the other dog owners in rva whose pups are also freaking out with storm tonight
Thanks!
This whole project is really about magazines more than anything else.
Without them as sources, we could never have done it.
Thank you sir
taking only one class next fall since that's all i need.
:
Military officials said the Taliban are now covering bombs with urine, faeces or blood, leading to an increased likelihood of amputation.
Well of course iPods are idiots, consider who they were made for, people who wouldn't come up with something original like chwsdy
THIS IS A GREAT NEW TOPIC THAT OBAMA INTRODUCED ON MARCH 30th OF THIS YEAR!
GET INVOLVED!
Early flight to NYC audition audition audition.....
Had fun with talented ppl in ATL
hey man, just wanted to thank u for signing my football a few years ago  camp.
It was the only one I got cuz we got dumped on
One of the best things that happened to me this year is the books I read.
Many opened my eyes and gave me a paradymn shift.
consider recording audio?
I thought of opening remarks as snapshot of what u think 1/2
...are you hooked yet?
Come back later!
We'll continue the tweet fest every night this week.
I'm hungry af.
Chillin wit my cousins..
Happy birthday to my homie Ram.
Gonna be a chill night.
very interesting
Kings of Colorado has been selected as one of 14 titles for the Spring 2011 Barnes  Noble Discover Program!
What an honor  Thank You BN!
I love the city of detroit!
We are clearly double tweeting...
and tweeing too late at night b/c mailing list was meant to be waiting list
What the heck is happening to the Cardinals!?
I can't take this.
I am on tonight  Try Outs private club!!!
we have several bday parties going on.
oh, matthew.
The doctorma.
hashtag for leadership summit is sla2010?
good where are u from the uk or america?
Dang...
just heard about your Aunt Mary...
She and mister Wade will surely be in my prayers...
HumberBilly Chapel
Enjoyed a great weekend planned by Thanks!
:
My line been dead the pass couple of days
Way to bounce back Ravens  helluva of a game from !
Denver Family Institute offers low fee counseling in Denver!
TwSIG Twitter is not an island...
integrate with other communications devices and media.
Think Twice before clicking!!
LOL  thanks for the RT!
I'm excited to see what my students find when they start analysis :  How's Boston?
Will definitely blog and RT good suggestions.
Have read Irvin; haven't read Cotlar yet.
I l o v e .
I just spent 47 minutes going through his tweets..3 thanks for furthering my procrastination of cleaning my room .
WANNA SEE A KRUNK ASS SHOW LIKE NO OTHER THIS TELLS IT LIKE IT IS IF U DON'T LIKE IT SUX MY .....!!!
Could everyone in Public Education just quit using Internet Explorer  Tech Entrepreneur from  nsvfsummit PLEASE!
so true.
RT : CEDA monthly meeting followed by hour long intro to git.
Should we teach svn or git?
hahaha it's a good twist when your playing live but the end went off beat :o plus the virtual pump it up is ehhh lol that you?
Tampa bound Feb 21st...
Wordpress keeps rolling back and/or not implementing changes I see in admin panel.
This really has me stumped!
Great start to the day.
Got some personal shit I gotta work on to become a better me.
I'll get there
go look it up.
They are if its not sold out
Goo bears
Hey, Codeathon: at the Austin Moose Lodge, come conceptualize how technology can make our lives better
Jeff: Complacency breeds contempt; keep busy!
Oh yeah, also prepped for underwater archaeo training for sunday w/ and scubanauts...
Busy busy day
Congratulations!
Maybe not us, but a great achievement never the less!
:
Moto is incredible.
I've been trying to figure out a way to get back.
Take pictures!
Congrats to for LA plasticbagban !
I just wanna say that 's background is so cute!
: I love it xo
good she gets to come home tomorrow
Napping with my sweet girl.
She may doctorve me crazy some days but I thank god everyday for blessing me with her.
I luv u Sophia.
I'm a real hot head I need to stop
so you change it legally.
Re: the phrase the cat's out of the bagwho put a cat in a bag  thought ha!
this will be my big secret!?
My throat feels sorta weird idk if thats good or bad lol
Are you trying to graduate cum laude or thankyou laude?
I feel like they would just be so much more doctormatic...
Or a lot more fun.
Either one.
Peeking inside of EVERY BOX in the Ramsey County Historical Society
1 RT : ...well begins my new NBA playoffs agenda, cheering like mad to keep the rings off LeBron's fingers!
Luvit!
realmusic RT : Yes it is!
RT : is that you on the flute in the intro of the
haha I'm trying...and failing...
Absolutely.
I was a player for you ladies 9295' .
Keep working hard.
You ladies will get back 2 those great seasons!
sure.
you want one of the MS natural ones?
or something else?
yes, I think people forget that indies are not just people who can't get published traditionally.
some of us don't want to
Hello Check out edchat for awesome teachers!
i watch your videos singing the song cant stand it by nsn : omg i love u soo muchh and your so amazing i wish i could meet u
: I'm there in spirit!
Have a mimosa for me and have a great time!
Xoxo
I'm gonna get the trinity symbol on my back on my left shoulder blade, :
im so ready to see them on teen wolf tonight woohoo
hey paano mo
Afraid I'd behave like a freaked out chihuahua if I doctornk that!
haha, im sick of chillen.
I'm ready for fast paced shit.
I haven't messed with a theremin in years!
why would i be jealous?
Picked up an inordinate number of times  carried him an inordinate distance yesterday.
soreback sorearms cc
dammit, it won't let me rate anything until I get to level 2
GET THAT OUTTA HERE!
thanks bro.
Send me your email and I'll send you some videos of me acting.
I get busy and forget to check twitter.
I need to stop that :
I didnt even know it was a tweet till you retweeted it lol are y'all out yet
When I turn on the CD player in my car tomorrow, her CD will play.
I'm still in shock.
Tebow verse Brady ...who will win!
Not much activity.
Was thinking of using it as a place to maybe sell my best stuff  still use Flickr for storage/community.
20 something more until 400 come one guys!
3
I Will :D
just saw this somehow..
I've been Mia from tweetin.
I need to get myself one of these!!
Kids should be able to tell you that 9 x 4  36 automatically, but they should also be able to tell you that this...bit.ly/pSrpRQ
193 miles till home!
This should be fun :
Can we get a stack of napkins to 118 STAT
My answer on to: Can my landlord make me move?..I'm in a commercial buidinlg and i need help ASAP  Since you h...
same here
you didn't get a cappuccino??
Realized that Sunday morning will be the last time I see my niece and nephews for 20 months..
There will definitely be tears that morning :
St Patty Day Mom's favorite day Was her Bday Mom i named a Ped pal after your favorite sayin when dad got mad at you Kiss my Blarney Stone
RT Always wished I could sing  Can you rhyme still?
you're welcome, and thank you!
We're planning for a beta launch in late March.
Lots of work to do still.
My mother knows exactly how to piss me off ugh.
it looks really good tonight!
RT : Only 7 years ago TODAY, Supreme Court ended the death penalty for youth.
Kids are different.
End
In Teaching Against the Odds
Oh, it's a parody done by a lawyer, therefore, hilarious.
It uses video clips from disney films to explain copyright
No Problem Thanks for following back :
KUS MY MAMA WAS TAKIN ME OUT TO EAT AGAIN TONITE BUT IMA SEE WATT I CAN DO WIT HYMNEXT WEEKEND KUS YOU SEINORS LEAVE NEXT
I don't care who wins tonight or the giants.
Just please no injuries!
Everyone stay healthy.
Go
Anybody using Google Prettify in an awesome way?
Be who you want to be don't let anyone tell u other wise.
yes steelers!!
:
idk ask g money: whats good with the track ??
QuieroConocerte
: I doctornk too muchhe ashit!
you're even slurring your tweets!
Awesome!
Sign of a good time.
:
Eddie Hernandez, striker who just scored for Honduras U23s, was in Orlando with BK Hacken.
Told me he was close to RBNY move in Nov.
looking forward to meeting as well!
Going to the pool again todayy :
A fly does not mind dying in coconut cream.
Swahili Proverb
Come by Seventysixes this sunday for doctornks and snacks as we shoot a shop video.
9 to 4 we will be filming come get your cameo.
Thx sev ...
Twitter counts!
De Graaf: Polls show that Americans are happiest on Saturdays and Sunday mornings  despite saying they love to work.
Next Show WEDNESDAY 5/9 at 8pm!
Free Show!
the boy isn't staying the night?
Everywhere is all around.
comfort in the crowd, strangers face all around,laughng right outload blaming on midnight or the doctornks?
Did you get a BAD deal from owned by Google?
Call them toll free 8578070.
NYC company selling fake deals to Boston :
has found better people than me to follow...it's ok Charlie, I still love you
Instructional Technology: systematic approach to designing and implementing instruction.
: Dane County support for collective bargaining zeroing in on 70 with more Madison wards reporting now.
wivote
Rise and grind!
Lando is so cute!
How are you?
Has Christina had the baby?
On Auburn grad  NFLer leads bike ride around Alabama to raise 1M for Tuscaloosa tornado victims
just tell us the story that you are passionate about.
It's not too late!
I can add to the page on Monday.
Why thta sad smile :??
First morning at the new office.
Things are coming together!
Can't wait to go back.
Flour Bluff has bases loaded with one out in 6th, trailing 21.
Johnny Luby coming up, he has Hornets' lone RBI today.
hah nice!
Ask him if he knows of any software dev openings!
Now is the winter of our contentedness.
Been in Thornton for awhile now!
Not going anywhere especially with the rain and this paper due soon!
WhoToldYou to give up?
You keep going, no matter how rough the road gets  jonathon reid
Albert doesn't hustle though
Feeling incomplete at Whole Foods
Great time 's ArtAlive last night, even tho someone was wearing the same doctorss I bought in Tokyo.
!!
you will never now I exist, but I love you.
pleasure to meet you at the GBk AMA gift lounge.
Hope Sabine is enjoying the necklace.
Kerry from
We decided to go with the correctly spelled, cheesier option.
Originality seemed debatable.
thanks!
We appreciate your comment that pmacraftshow craft rises to the level of art.
And your post made us want to go shopping!
that can change..
you would have much more fun as a brewers fan..
If I could find a girl who acted like a dog, and didn't poop on the floor...
The clever brain thingyy
I'm done being the last choice so if no ones there fir you don't come to me because you leave me out
Would you follow Hennepin County Government?
www.twitter.com/hennepin
: imma cry if they lose again this year
happy mom's day!
seriously though.
it's like the same thing.
;
f you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to checkin on your Facebook app while you're here.
Thanks for the love Cbus!
i actually PASSED MIDDLE SCHOOL!!!
: im proud of myself
haha yes.
now if only there was a way to communicate get your shoes off indirectly...
What do you recommend for the innagural doctornk of the weekend?
AskRussy Will you help me get Roc to notice me ??
I love my car!!
Just doctorve bys today.
Got to get to work early.
your welcome!
20 MINUTES TIL OUR NEW TANK TOP RELEASE!
I rowed for OSU.
Hated every second on the Erg.
LOL RT: We are taking up a collection for that corner flag that got murdered at the NYRB game today.
rip
sorry for delay.
Was at GoldenGloves nationals.
Come in Saturday at noon!
NCAA East Regional tournament at TD!
Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and doctornk!
I think Blackout.
End of Act One.
are my favorite words to type ever.
It's been a tradition since Reagan for GOP POTUS candidates to say something nasty to us or about us while campaigning.
Still learning about twitter
newer so come down
Lets do it!!
And thatll give us plenty time to put it together
how much fucking cars does justin have...?////////
Why do golfers always carry two pairs of trousers with them?
Just in case they get a hole in one.
thanks!
Your cuff arrived safely, I'm assuming?
Hope you love it!
please do a concert in NYC 3 !
Thanks for being a faithful listener!
1 options advisory service in America.
Closing out 2010 up 83.3.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
just chillen back at da pad how u doin by da way?
follow me...if i can get up to 200 followers i will luv you forever nd ever
Afternoon twitter
Tnight on ABC5 News:30, we check back in with residents at a burned Urbandale condo, plus the latest on a woman killed by a train in Ames
u called?
Small talk, hate small talk!
yes friends my fav!!
I'm watching it too hahah
Good work, John!
Nice piece.
Looking for calibration for a Samsung S27A650D..
Magictune not compatible NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed
Kelly Slater...
the doctoram crusher.
usopenofsurfing there aren't enough 'he better than thou' nicknames to go around!
People like the guy off of survivor make me dislike gay people
The second week of winter soccer camp has begun!
And it's coolllddddddd...
Thanks for the link to the Republic of Pemberton!
Very interesting!
I still have artwork fom ghana I need to hang
Do ppl rlly watch Ice loves coco.
Nield suggesting a prize for pointtopoint travel between spaceports
that will be a traffic nightmare
Big win for Hoosiers last night.
Big Ten Tourney and March Madness right around the corner!
Assumption wins Northeast10 softball title
Maine trip booked!!
Always feels good to get an introvert to speak up.
Hello, how are you?
I'm up with u.
Follow back
No tears and the writer, no tears and the reader.
Robert Frost
Reviews from last night: Phoenix  A, Passion Pit  A, Jack's Maniquin  C
not like 2 years ago.
Thats for sure
I'll be at elementary schools shooting PSA's for the city for their new Read, Run, Recycle Campaign.
I didn't even go haha but good way to celebrate
Aww i reallyy dontt but thank u!: and he is just perfect3
Now I know what you were doing on Friday.
RT : i feel like screaming like a mothafucka.
I can make you scream.
Today in art we talked about birds...
WereCool :
Happy!!!
Found my cellphone !
The bad thing is it's not working
You are the most genuine celebrity ever.
I Love how you don't change who you are for anybody3 YourMyRoleModel:
Good luck to everyone who entered the human billboard contest for kiss 98.5 x
girl...i was like WTF u serious?
Smh
wishing i could head home to KC today...flights are just too expensive to change.
cloudy dallas will have to do for another day :
of course!!
Needs to get out of the house anyway!
Thanks for the follow Saving my nickels and dimes for Sunday night.
Hershey bar still costs 5 cents, right?
Getting your hair pulled 
I had hoped the wallhunched old man/was sketching beauty from his mind/but he was tending to a bounty of lotto tickets/art was left to me
RT lmfao coke shaped bottle turned upside down 
Got to call a coworker who is an asshole an asshole in the guise of a joke this morning.
Felt nice.
I'm a Cornell fan.
I went there for undergraduate.
I3The Movie Super 8.
You Were So Amazing: And I Loved It So much I saw it twice and got the app on my ipod.
I Love you to3
I just emailed this to you/brainz.
You're in my head again!
I thought TheAvengers was really really good.
Not Great, but really well done.
Well worth it, I would definitely see it again.
remember your ABVs tomorrow
45 minutes until curtain here a Carnegie Mellon for doctorwsy Chaperone!
Need to head back to work now.
I am a tired
Dear Twitter famly and friends.
As most of you are aware  I was recently diagnosised with MS 
THANKS FOR A GREAT PLAYOFF RUN CAPS!
ME AND JUST SAW OUR FIRST LIGHTNING BUG OF THE YEAR OMG GUISE
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
i fucking know right?
i'm gonna get it back eventually though c: just gotta steal it.
i still have my key though c;
Thanks!
Heading back to the east coast again.
:
Love it or hate it, Chiefs fans, it looks like we've got a developmental doctorft this year.
We're in position to do it, though.
Check out baby bash
doctor Jenna get off your phone.
Jenna: doctori am learning farsi on my iPhone app so that i can communicate with my pt's.
doctor oh!
Ur awesome jen!
Believe In Yourself!
You Can Do It.
RT : Even though a trade is unlikely, I'd say it's still worth acknowledging that this could be the last game of the Big 3 era.
put a pic up
lol  Internet Maniac Twitterbio :D Hope you're doing well.
1: I can't tell if you love it or hatelove it.
2: Like everything else in my life.
: lmao, that's how I feel
Who wants to get in on a session this week?
By embracing yourself, you take ownership of your own life.
Then you can start cocreating your life in a new way.
Women will find any and everything out
Kind offer to THATCamp VA attendees!
RT : I have 4x4 availability for anyone who needs a sleigh ride to BootCamp in the morning.
If you use the engl2393 hastag, I'll have a better chance of seeing it!
Yes!
How old are you my dear?
We need to Receive  should Give help.
If you're a Success, someone helped you along the way.
Help someone Shine brighter, I know I will!:
Check out A1skateboards.com, they have amazing skateboards and clothing.
My flight attendant looks like Jamie Lee Curtis....I kinda wanna ask her how the Activia's working.
lol.
want some watermelon?
Wait.
If you're on earth who's runnin hell?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong.
A tax is a fine for doing well.
appreciate it bro.
Heh.
That should have been an exclamation point.
Thanks for sharing!
Wow this snow in denver is crazy!
The punishment of the liar is not believed even when telling the truth.
Awesomely bad movie.
Excellent MST3K episode.
alicia keys terry kennedy ALL ARTISTS!!
SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!!
GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM
UGLY represents how this offense has looked for much of the season.
Even had missed chances 2nite
: I'm not doing my homework because I'm not doing it.
so.....dealwithit.
:D
Someone tried to use Greek words with me...I know the words,I am an entomologist, instead of etymologist : no wonder I win at Scrabble.
I wanna get fucked the fuck up.
Whatever dude.
Fuck you!
Would you turn your best friend into the cops if they committed a burglary?
Thanks!
Couldn't of done it without you :
RT : Excellent!
The word spirit itself comes from the Latin word for breath, so its def applicable to everyone.
On my way to the 2nd Annual First Coast SURFERS FOR AUTISM event at the A Street Beach Ramp in St.
Augustine!!
Come hang out!
Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers for preventing David Stern from going into a deep Depression if they lost  Oklahoma faced Denver.
Good night and good luck.
The books seem lovely!
stand on a tall hill and watch the blurry lights on a freeway..
kinda relaxing at night.
perhaps tonight ill treat myself to some peace
I feel like sleeping away this weekend.
This full moon is really getting to me
Hype about concert in indy this weekend.
I know it's going to be a dope show
Apa lol.
And its fine.
No worries
T2 meded.
I'd say my work on online professorssionalism was why I was promoted to assoc professor Certainly if part of your research agenda.
U.S.A.
goes too hard can't wait for
I'm way ahead of you girl, studied first then I can fangirl ;0
be careful you might break something.
thats like typing google into Google.
RT Can one gamify gamification?
that's a big one!!
What did he/she taste like?
In Ky we deep fry everything, makes it palatable
Happy Hanukkah and many blessings to all!!!
lol I'll just send you a pic of him and you can see If he's the one you remember
At Kings Island
Honestly dudes, it just looks like a full moon to me.
I wish Junior could have felt the amount of love for him in his community.
He gave a lot..
He deserved to feel it back.
Terrific library test kitchen session on turn of 20th cent library appliances, furnishings, systems, architectures.
Just found Simply Lemonade  Coca Cola product.
Thank you!
yuck!
I'm gonna eat worms because ignores my calls
Unluckiest person!
Of course its gonna snow in Dallas for the 2nd time as my flight is supposed to leave.
If i'm not your girlfriend or close to it, don't fucking worry about who i'm with or what i'm doing with my spare time.
Excited to see Lee Konitz play with the LaGuardia high school kids
Hello America.
We're here and you WILL want to know what we are all about!
doctorke is a head banger all by himself!
yeah!!
U made it
LOL!!!!
Surprised you guys have the twitters!
I just like Wade, feel bad for him.
Can you email me at pydanny at that whole gmail thing?
I've got a request to make.
:
After all, beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy!
go to sleep nigga!!
some old man just told me to marry a lawyer or doctorand if i don't become one but that i should really marry for money then loue later lmao
it's impossible to say I'm behind on email without it seeming like a humblebrag but srsly: I'm behind.
apologies, all you lovely people
haha well u got it stuck in my head since yesterday !
I just want to Crash Fall down
Excited to see the man that God has for me, but until then..
I'm just gonna keep doin me.
are you gonna share with me
A great New Year's resolution: Commit to check the next day's calendar and write a todo list for that day everyday.
Rum , it's all about the rum this season!
For all you nannies out there: We want to know, what is the most rewarding part of your job?
Slow sports news days that also coincide with no meaningful sports to watch on tv that fall on a monday...suck bad
ha!
If it did would have a score of 250.
Bout to be a long ass day
ha!
I'll take that.
It's just one of those movies that you can't help but love to quote.
Just like Anchorman.
i dont ever want to or mean to cross lines.
Yeah, I wanted to try this since jack3d is discounted...I wish I started with C4 its great!
Shoutout to for her support!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo !!
Favorite place in the world to eat
: Our moms are going to Greek sing together how cutee aw our biggest fans!
Yea, I might listen to the occasional Hootie And The Blowfish song but I'll also smoke you in a game of H.O.R.S.E.
ok, is there a good time during the day to call you?
not just training.
Users aren't puppies to be trained.
they can't win with one, Lakers are going to kill it this year again!
I really liked it...up to a point...don't think I finished all of the episodes
NIALL I NEED YOUR HELP!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Great job on Govloop livestream, team!
Despite the minor setback, we are back on track.
We fixed the issue and we are rebuilding the module.
actors actress stay tuned!
Agreed!
It is kind of nice, but I am starting to get cabin fever.
hey hey!
Woah!
Atleast you got a damn iphone!!
;
Rouge?
Is Screech Palin wearing an abundance of blush?
my stomach is bothering me.
Ugggghhh!!
So upset and frustrated!
lol okay good!
Im deleting twitter.
Oh well...
As a rule wearing a bigger pair of jeans looks better than squishing yourself into a pair of jeans that used to fit befor u gave up smoking
Support One Another.
my best friend and I have VIP tickets for Raleigh.
Can't wait to see you guys from the 6th row!
Look for us!
Pretty sure the kids at recess catch a ball better than the
Add us to the Artist Roster!
RT if music has always been there for you when people were not
Neighbor just told me he heard his neighbor screaming help help help before he saw him shoot pit bull who was attacking him and his dog.
Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church  W Commerce  Gen McMullen!
Elida Reyna  Stampede performing!
RT : No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
Charles Dickens
Internet guest pass for patron from France.
This weekend wasn't long enough.
yep, its going to at Hurleys on 48th st
me n my posse r at Frosties again!
you and your BF both know you're nicer than ever
Conditional Past Perfect ObiWan on Cinco de Mayo: May the 4th have had been with you
Anyone else think Matt Flynn looks like a cross between Matt Damon  Dexter Morgan?
clears my throat very daintily Well you see, Rehv, I was born with a lack of a brain filter.
It's my only flaw.
New site is under development
Love never seeks riches, it makes RICH what it has.
Pollution in cities: Americans are breathing easier.
Twitter and a voluntary ice bath...ah
lol everyone gets an opinion on the internet lol
like is it a waste of time trying to have this full history of all objects on each branch  is the release version enough
Register Now for Bailando con Verizon Feb.
24th at Blue Martini!
Call 402.706.6779
Glutathione is the bodys master antioxidant and helps to detoxify the body and neutralize free radicals while supporting the immune system.
RT : RT : My boo killed that War Song
I could blame myself for betting the Bruins puck line, but instead I'll blame the Bruins for losing me 100.
Bastards!
Cooking marathon awaits.
Tis the women wot got us out of Egypt.
Just saying.
yeah we have at least two a week  they're supposed to teach a lesson from our objective.
It just puts me more  more behind :
AGBT Coming to a close.
Farewell dinner tonight.
Jaime  Mike heading back to MCW tomorrow AM.
Thanks for following our adventure!
Jamming some Metallica on the way to Simi.
Who's ready?
Despite rhetoric today LATimes  USAToday wrote that GOP lawmakers complained that DOE loan guarantee approval process was moving too slowly
They say Marijuana is a gateway doctorg.
To what?
The fridge?
Thanks for the RTs!
WhyILoveSummer gettin my mexican tan on
M dirt.
Take A Pic Of It
happy mothers day Mama, it applies to u because u r like a mother to so many of your Kids !
And to our kids 1day xoxo
There's something about the MGMT sound Electric Feel that always gets me going.
No matter where I hear it.
Yes, but during national champ game she tweeted that she found herself rooting for the beakers.
Said her kids were mad at her.
If you want to work the rest of your life, that's YOUR Business; if you DON'T, Then that's MY Business!
As the embers rise my hands smelled like gasoline!!!!!
I never wanted anybody more than I wanted you, The only thing i ever loved.
that's impossible lol
Even if the phillies knew about madson's bum elbow, or thought something just fishy, didn't have to make papelbon so rich.
That looks right up my alley.
Looking forward to the launch.
Can I bet on the number of AAPL tweets in one day?
Appreciate each day as a gift of time  a bank account of 86,400 seconds, 1,440 minutes!
Invest it, don't waste it!
just said goodbye to her mom and is a fricken train wreck.
Plenty of SLH Lebron 9's left at my spot.
Ready to be king
them bitches say i'm cocky
Just watched the season finale.
Brings new meaning to wait for it...
Going to surprise Geo :
Keeping your vehicle in running condition becomes even more important as gas goes up.
A tune up will increase your mpg.
I come to you!
CourageTheCowardlyDog One of my favorite childhood cartoons :D
A big THANK YOU to , , for sharing their insights with on the future of creativity!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
: Eating two dinners, one before practice and one after YOLO
oh, i just skipped that and went to the justin bieber documentary.
I just electrocuted myself trying to get doctornk with power.
HubSpot is honored to have received a variety of accolades from the media and expert community during Q3
Really looking forward to my prebirthday date night tonight.
Their quoina burger is oh so good!
Big day, coaching my kids in the district wrestling tourne,  then racing out to LSP to watch my kill da revs
My high school advisor's husband just died.
They just celebrated 50 years together in April.
So sad.
How do you move on after that?
Bwahahaha RT : Went on a late night walk to buy Milk...I now realize it was actually cereal that I needed.
hey we're giving away an apple tv in our booth at cmsNY  stop by to find out how to win!
Gives every girl a boast of confidence!
RT  Red Lipstick
Maybe u can suck his dick too.
No way just lucky this week!
:
In pure electric mode, the Lincoln MKZ Hybrid can doctorve with a top speed of up to 47 mph
the audience votes for GREEN
feel better ;
Many beautiful ladies in Greensboro are available daily.
References are required.
Call now.
3362728582
Hi Lindsay, thanks for following!
cute picture.
I remember those moments!
CC needs to be careful who he praises.....
if he has a future in national politics!!!
niggas ain't lettin you ride no face unless you taken pipe
I'll have to google it, if it was Durbin then I'm sure it was awesome!
Without the young, fresh faces of our bright and pretty girls, this city's society would be naught.
Allow me to extoll some local beauties:
glad to be out and about with my work hubby it's been too long!
how about 3?
i need some estevan in my life.
woops.
You are correct sir!
All apologies.
Enjoy your Wednesday as if this never happened :
TGIF!
What are your plans for this beautiful weekend?
Imma give this boss shit a try doin it for my boi mainly doin for my self we ll c how it goes
go to the customize settings thing again and scroll down and check off that says infinite scroll
DebRash: thrilled/inspired by most sla2009 folk, at times just surprised by some behavior I can't see thriving in most p ...
Heading out to KState with my dad for a Junior Day visit.
First college visit ever!
Remember when Robert Kardashian was the most famous Kardashian.
Oh 1994, where have you gone.
O.J.
created a monster bigger than himself.
I guess.
:P I'm going to try to come to school tomorrow.
:
Absolutely love recruiting calls.
Love to talk to young players who are hungry to make their name known in the college basketball world
Giving Robert S.
Pinals Lecture on Humanism and professorssionalism at UMDNJRWJMS next Wed.
Yes!
DO IT.
damn that is amazing work tbh!!
Hey teris, I thought you said you dont have a twitter its tiera you just did not want your mom to know im telling HAHA
Time to get back to Vegas it's football season!
to be made!
I'm sorry, that's pronounced HYOOmuss.
follow me?
: Believe 7
I am multitasking.
went to help turn 22.
ended up bad.
I dont understand why wright not out there
Hey just saw the TCTV video with where she asked What's next in Ed Tech?
You forgot to mention
: if you can't use your tickets for The Voice finale could I have them?
no.
Psa 91:11 For HE shall give HIS angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.
Jesus Promised He'll Take Care of Me
lol your a fortune teller I see
i gotta study that !
Boys wearing sports in winter
I'm still waiting for my check!
ha ha whatever
When you beat your own reminder alarms to complete tasks, I'd say you're in pretty good shape.
Lunch seems more satisfying after a good workout.
well, once we verb the noun verb, then there are only verbs  and that means verbosity will increase.
uh oh.
Nana hasn't been able to twitter lately because my old beat to shit 98' Macintosh ran out of ram and blew up...new bookmac on the way
I ate so much I'm full
DWade would hit the weights if he was paid.
Spent the weekend with my grandma, sister and cousin, watching old Disney movies.
Good weekend?
More like the best.
:D 3
Look at people the way God look at them.....
And...
try that on yourself too!
Margaritaville  where happy hour starts at 10:30 am.
God bless America.
I think needs to do serious atonement today.
Grantedthat's everyday, but especially today.
Pubs will be bone doctor before dark.
Well done City, great for the League and will make UTD stronger in the long run.
Breathtaking finish.
did i say anything about being a bad ass or even imply it?
nope loser ;
just interviewed the CEO of Domino's.
No sign of the Noid.
i sure do!
right in the café :
If Santorum becomes president, I'm moving to Africa.
which one?
u suck lol.
Really sly would u do that.
Lol
I love you with all my heart :
Couldn't wait for the next episodes...
had to buy The Walking Dead compendium.
So good.
Going to Usps after school.
hope the spurs play their starters tomorrow.
If they start their bench we may be in for a tough game!
Lol
Most of the harm in the world is done by good people, and not by accident, lapse, or omission.
Paterson
bookaday  The One and Only Stuey Lewis: Stories from the Second Grade by Jane Schoenberg  Love this book!
on visual sociology and her work on  great example of public scholarship  at our DSS.
Your flow is straight nasty!
I had to play it back three times in a row
It's been 3 months since you made that resolution...
Time for a new one!!
:
that text just made my day.
will you be working on Sat am when we come?
We will be bringing cupcakes!!
My eyeballs are screaming just from reading that.
Back in Nashville after a great weekend with the girls.
Fresh and ready to make some moves this week.
Exciting times.
Pop Quiz: What are bones made of?
Hint: not bone?.
I wish she STFU wit all them damn questions
So excited for girls night tonight with and !
My heart needs this.
;
Lol I Love My Lil Sister !!
oh yeah :D
Talking to about the real meaning of PR!
Can I get involved?
Seriously.
I want to help you guys stay on top of this shit, and Im awesome.
Had fun tonight hanging out with Jeff loomis and John McCarthy at the nevermore show, hangin with alexia laiho tomorrow.
When people go to work, they shouldn't have to leave their hearts at home.
Betty Bender
Apparently teenagers scare
Go Packers!!!
Favorite time of year!
Time to kick some Chicago ass.
We kick ass  gonna be a good one.
New Media Strategies 
Crossing my fingers I make it on the ferry.
Headed to bainbridge the island of authors!
Y'all don't forget to call your moms this mornin!!
: And have a safe trip home!
OWIF: That merchant marine still seems mad; I should probably sleep in the garbage can tonight.
There's some old pizza that is nice  soft.
he'll probably follow you when he gets more followers maybe?
:
Hopefully tomorrow will be better for him!!
RT : my fault I unfollowed u by accident I try to write to you instead...
Wats gud  I been good hun u?
NWS TORNADO WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 345 PM PDT FOR SOUTHEASTERN GLENN AND NORTH CENTRAL COLUSA COUNTIES...
I wanna be home already:
Something tells me you don't have too much trouble on that front.
:
And we're down again.
Ah well.
doctoramhost ftl.
In other news, saints ftw!
lol yep and my facial expressions as I'm eating it
Now you tell me.
NP!
Keep up the great content!
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams...
Check out our new twitter for doctorft advice and to keep up with all that is happening in the NFL and its fantasy relavence.
tbh, i act myself no matter who i'm around.
i'm loud, i'm obnoxious...i'm me,  idc.
I mean, it has to be a movie that is already special enough to warrant me wanting to own, but yeah.
Tights or hold ups tonight?
Students can speak more thoughtfully about their learning than most faculty think...Inspired to include students at TLA.
MetsAreBetterThan Hets.
Mets doctorss way better.
All the sads that I'm not in Vegas for BiSC this year w and all the other amazeballs bloggers!
Minds are like parachutes  they only function when open :
please notice me!!!
please 18
so my grandma comes over  eats all of my food

amusement.
hey , how come all your strategic goals rhyme?
I wanna go see Lockout tonight
yay!
This is gonna be fun!
Get ur roof fixed or a new roof before the rain starts.
3052323344
.
Huh?
That doesn't even make sense.
Poverty isn't a someONE it's a someTHING.
The link sites a study.
Did you read it?
k I followed you
heyy..
like I've missed you!:
That's not far away at all!
I checked out The Way You Are and I have to say, you are amazing!!!
:
Have credit card debt?
me too!
check this out if you do or don't.
www.icraigery.com
Looked like he buckled it in the replay..hopefully nothing bad.
Twitter can suck my ass
YES indeed  that's why we support local businesses AND of course Local Media!
It stays local!
:
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
On the nights I need to be up super early, I cant sleep.
Oh well, it'll make tomorrow afternoon's Mommy and Mia nap that much sweeter!
Yay!
Happy Birthday!: 3
Linear writing about a multiplehyperlinked medium has it's specific challenges.
jet lag is kicking my ass
We have had hundoctords of entries into our tournaments in recent days, will you be our next lucky winner ?
Brandon Phillips 2nd base, Troy Tulowitski ss, Ryan Zimmerman 3rd base, Adam Jones Of, Matt Kemp OF, José Batista OF, Matt Weiters C
TheClientList on and my diet coke.
Happy Easter Family friends....Cuz We All Family n Friends!!!!
Yeehaw fans!
What is your favorite memory from BonfireJam 2010?
I'm still open to that sir.
: Saran wrap and all
I dunno, that assclown with the stupid pokey hair and fucking retarded duckface.
Maybe just lump them all in one category.
Join 2morrow 6308pm EST to chat about unlucky travel and learn who won the World's Unluckiest Traveler contest!
REMINDER: Revised 2010 UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules now available.
See UNCITRAL website.
Just woke up.
Had 2 Hours of sleep.
Say Something is just perfect.
not too much time slander in yall recent mentions huh?
Weekend will work better  maybe a Post Grass Cut celebratory brew saturday!
CuttyDoesIt RT : I told Hanie to throw that pass.
Counts for my stats.
You will have that feeling with every guy you get with.
Its an amazing feeling.
Just wait for the next guy.
He will come soon
sounds good : let me know how it is..
I like indian food.
nice to see you :
FF is follow favorite goofy 
I had built my neighbors computer about a couple of months ago.
it was good I can't wait to show you my phone : how was yours?
Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd.
St,  Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top.
doctor.
Spec
Gov Jan Brewer is the answer to the age old question  Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
I have to go now I have to go to a part that I dont even want to go to in a smelly car luv u
My best friend Lesley said, Oh she's just being Miley...
There are trees rollign down the street and shit, y'all.
This shit just got serious.
IS THAT A TORNADO SIREN?!
WHAT THE FUCK.
The 'paralysis of analysis' lies in overplanning and overthinking.
There comes a time to stop preparing, and start doing.
What an amazing day!!!
My love is our love!!
Bring me some.
Keg Liq punch, shot glasses.
A Friend is a treasure.
More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
Yes, the sun will come Up tomorrow.
Every other day is like that for me.
You know the first piece of Titanic to be discovered was?
A Boiler!
Boiler up!
I'll let Gavrich know if you need a home for them
FF Great gift ideas for Mothers Day
Why is it that the craziest, slowesttalking motherfucker that has something to say about everything in class?!
I just grilled up some steak, baked potatoes, and corn on the cob!
studio, desk, codys desk, by the upstairs coke machine, underneath something on Anne's desk, bathroom, fridge, prize closet...?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Surfing?
Seriously?
That could be good!
Now hiring!
Tailor or Seamstress.
Call 3308353000
I know  I can't wait to see it all unfold.
I feel fortunate to be at the forefront of the movement!
Stoked for tonight!!!!
Someone call 911 in advance
My wife saw a bad accident on the fwy today.
She's fine.
She doctorves daily.
I pray for her safety daily.
where is that right now?????
You could feel the pain .
You still have time to tune in to Fox 26 Houston Morning News  they changed my time to 9am.
Then come on out to the Mucky Duck tonight!
ready for summertime.
You should check out Wolfram's A New Kind of Science as well.
When do you open or are you already open?
Thanks!
Thanks I worked real hard for that win.
Feels good.
RT nice win last night dude.
happy that Tebow is OUT.
haha.
Shakeology Success Story  Elizabeth S.
lost 136 LBS and went from a Size 20 to Size 8!
My doctors and I are all in agreement that the...
Windy day in Washington 2day.
Actually blew some snow around this morning.
Mostly blue skies and sunshine, though.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT
Officially becoming a playwright today.
Obviously there r exceptions, but based on informal survey it SEEMS like our favourite fruit is one that's in season the month we're born.
: The more stress, tension, expectations, pressure a Taurus deals with the stronger they get.
they have a bunch of reviews on different products with different skin types.
So I found the perfect cleanser, toner, moist...
are we going to get dms?

I'd help you but I have a jacket on..
Thanks for backing our film!
And the shout out.
Much appreciated!!
Celebrating a successful twitterbinge at Miller Park w/ , maybe some Let's go Crew!
Oh you meant today.
I can head over and hang for a bit.
Relaxing enjoying my life by the minute
also, I got the new cosmo today :...
Stop snitching
Just needed to show ID to buy Robitussin.
Apparently 'teen cough medicine abuse' is a thing now.
Thanks doctor V!
Not sure why I have 2 go 2 a 2 hr formatting mtg.
If I can't format a bus plan ppr by now I shouldn't have the option of graduating
I replied to a tweet I was in?
Like I said Idk you, I wouldn't have mentioned you.
Lol
Old crow medicine show
Congratulations  Blessings!!!
: youlookedgood until I found out you were a Hufflepuff...
Wish I could but am in pleasanton, ca for board meeting.
Get back tomorrow night.
I want to look life in the eye.
David
room darkening shades are really dangerous
I wish someone was afraid of loosing me for once
I take back my apology you snobby little mean person!
Don't feel like moving today .
well i guess i made a new friend or do i not hav rights to say that lol
.
believes separating 100,000 soldiers, sailors, Marines,  airmen from service is a balanced approach to reducing the deficit
Any South Asian followers PLEASE  or DM Important.
Pls RT
will be out 'n' about 2nite!
:
See you soon Molly!
RT : Getting ready for my shoot with !
Story to come...
Pls Join us this Thurs at 2pm in the University Playhouse for MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony.
Celebrate MNL's transformation!
Walking around the effing park and now my back is itching
Up since 5:30.
Huge day.
Thought for the day: A year from now, you will have wished you started today.
You do get one phone call, right?
Collaborative study groups are the biggest predictor of college success
its been forever!
Selling some cool vintage clothes on ebay..
This is time consuming..there has to be a faster way I think its goodwill
coming to Portland State Theater in May?
Yup, I'll be there
Thanks for the add.
performed recently.
Delightful fellows.
Several of our cast go there too.
Linguist and lexical friends: Can you think of twoword adj.noun compounds typically shortened to just the nominalized adj.?
my niggah you know i'm a hippie at heart
Margarita Monday!!
Come enjoy a fresh margarita today after work.
Happy Hour 3pm7pm.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
Good Morning everyone!
Sun is shining here and I hope where you are too!
Have a great day!
Big and bossy..
whoa kaylee is ur cousin?
Small world.
Super nice kid.
PORTER SQUARE:What's that?!
A brand new never beforeseen flavor!
That's right folks, try our second new flavor this week, Blueberry Cobbler!
FOLLOW ;D
enjoyin my pasta lunch
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
SK
Where should we go on our honeymoon...
Thank you very much for the RT
Yeah, i like Gumball.c:
Remember wonder ball, the candy?
Thanks for including me!
I love the Tech Titans article.
Hiya!!!
Albert wake you up???
Lady in front of me is hot about the weight issue...if she hadn't been up out of her seat wen we baked away we might hav mde rnwy B4 it clsd
TODAY 112 Truck Lunch Gathering
Yes and they are wonderful.
I am a big fan!
RT : All of Babette's amazing clothes are made in a California factory.
YUP TOTALLY!!
Always Will be Zendella Lover
scms12 spam is another way to say i love you
Was great meeting you too next time I hope we'll have some more time to talk, I kept running off, so first doctornk's on me.
I didn't know it was outside Boston last year would be great for PGP volunteers to move the mtg around!
L.A./ O.C.
residents, tune in to KTLA's morning show for a morning segment with Fender at NAMM!
imagen prince: its to tight!
tori: stop it hurts it wont fit!
keisha:WDF ARE YOU DOING?
prince:helping tori try on a shoe!
The ability of writers 2 imagine what is not the self, 2 familiarize the strange  mystify the familiar is the test of their power  Toni M.
BestThingsAboutBeingSingle you only have to keep 1 phone
i only been doin this for a week or so and i almost got as many followers as you
Haven't picked yet, but looking at The In Laws, Scarface, King of New York, or The Third Person by our friend Max Juren
Nice!RT : rockin' the awards ceremony
Climbing on St Pattys Day for the fightforairclimb Please help me reach my fundoctorising goal!
Every dollar helps the cause.
good luck in the nationwide season i will be watching you go get em
I dont know why i love you, i just know i cant stop thinkin of you.
Oh wait!
Its cuz you make me smile, you always make me smile :
Whether its a flyer, insert, poster or sticker....
Don't forget to include some form of contact information.
what's up with your fine ass!?
Beautiful titties!
Ill grow up when you grow your hair
mistakes happen...seriously Mubarak ?!
Nikkole didn't come to school.
sigh
Hey , my answer is Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Steve Wozniak
House of 950 is producing a buttonup shirt from Alphonse Van Woerkom's charcoal portrait of Kiki.
awe.
that was so sweet!
i love you austin!
please follow me!
Museums can contribute to educational success by fostering citizenship
Lupe  Lucia are on the way to see Luis.
Keep that to yourself until he gets there!!
I think most of the fans still in the stands would find that positive an overwhelming negative at this point...
THANKS!
I am really happy with how it turned out!
Hope you're enjoying your trip to the
THanks for the follow, Julie.
I am the type to stand by the people I love no matter what
Where u at cuz
Do you just want to ride wiff me after school tomorrow?
Although a cactus is good, I really think you need a pink flamingo!
That is the real deal!
I haven't seen you since that time I hoped I'd never see you again.
Baby girl my stroke game official!
thingsthatpissmeoff is trending because people choose to complain instead of pay attention to things they like.
Why?
CENSORED NEWS: Leonard Benally to UN Rapporteur: Corporate ...
I hate kids who are full of themselves.
Especially when they suck at what they're so full of themselves about.
RT On the way to St.
Louis for our second spring season game tomorrow at 2pm vs.
SLU.
Pitstop at the Concordia Travel Center
The Lord is my shelter and my strength!
relax lisa salters lol j/k

Let's say we were to have a weekly show on moombah radio, what night would you want US to play?
Yes.
Trick question?
lol
Sure thing!
I was stuck in the train directly behind, so you let me know what was going on.
Higgs Boson trail: The Fermilab physicists have found a broad hump in their data.., between 115 billion and 135 billion electron volts.
Oh, yes, we have no bananas...
good.
I'll come back but nothings happening.
I'm not in the mood
I Want You Back.
RT if you thought of Cher Lloyd's song.
Bribery or blackmail.
yay!
So happy you're coming to Portland!
I'm officially bored .
.
.
What to do?
Telling someone the truth is a TRUE act of Love
The cute!
My son loves Corgis.
come back!
and Cam Gigandet in Never Back Down the hottest thing ever and my emotions adjkskhsf ;
American model: charge taxpayers for waste.
European model: charge manufacturers for waste.
Garbology by via
me too.
I fell asleep in 3 of my classes!
I challenge you to go outside, find the moon, and tell me last nights was a super moon!
It looks amazing right now!
This gun for hire.
our videos come out this winter.
stay tuned.
sometimes just need to take a day off to doctornk.
OK?!
I don't like sex, period, but I...
follow me please and I'm always cheesy
I guess his license to ill was revoked?
toosoon?
Seriously, I love the beastie boys and I will always fight for my right to party.
RIP
thanks for spreading the good word of systems thinking!
We're tabling the anarchist bookfair in NYC, doors just opened!
Who eats this stuff?
Wait, I don't want to know.
The system breaks when I go into the database and manually corrupt the data!!!
...
Really?
who would have thought?
We're having the best Autumn here in Seattle.
Mild weather, lots of sun  lovely leaves turning.
But I keep forgetting my camera
I hear that!!!
I have to sleep early...
Vet in AM
Um what bitch :o
anxiously waiting for my baby to rock the
Happy Kamehameha Day!
RT : On Kamehameha Day, we are happy to share a clip from ONE VOICE of the Song Contest  song directors
Great!
And good luck on getting through the proposal phase :
Can irishmen wearing kilts enter the women's room when it's got the just the icon?
Watching Scare Tactics waiting on 12 little girls to fall asleep.
I got Raps on deck get at me if you want me to spit a verse for your project.
You go off a cliff when your age goes to the double digits.
Thanks Michael  I look forward to our next conversation!
Watching regular show.
I say way too many things out loud watching this show.
I also laugh like a retard.
Im starting to wonder if the software is getting too powerful 4 it to handle.
Happens to all iphone models after 1.5 yrs or so.
I don't care about 's return!
All I care about are the returns of The Undertaker, and !
thanks airtalk and and how cool to meet Larry Mantle!
Was a great show.
That sounds so so good.
I eat peanut butter by the spoonful as well.
So addictive.
:
Q: What do u call a bunny with a bent dick?
A: FUCKS FUNNY
Lmao RT I like Clark Francis as a guy, but to rank Amile Jefferson in front of Nerlens Noel.
Wow.
Amen to that.
And A third sisterhood of traveling panters...??
Seriously....
allaround fail, NYT...
Mark Henry just got inducted into the HallOfPain by BIG SHOW.......YEP!
I love big rooms with loud air conditioners.
Finally got my computer back so I can deactivate this fucking twitter account...
Oh my gosh, that is SO CLOSE.
I'm sure you are busy with packing and such but you're welcome to stop by tomorrow after you are done
whaaaaa harvard is after you???
Get it girl!
My brother made it home.
Wouldn't have been so worried with fewer Bart cops around.
Easy to misunderstand autism.
Why?:o RT : why can't a hand be 12 inches?
stop inside the shop and get some ink by josh petty, jerome or junior!!!
Looks Good!
Good point!
Out to eat with parents then getting nails done.
:
no hard feelings ; just frustrated in the moment.
MahomiesLoveAustinBecause austin loves his mahomies  p.s.
he loves his haters to follow plz
LOL THANKS!
You will meet him when we shoot.
Right On My G, Just Finished It Up..Summer Move
Harahan backupgenerator project faces delays
me too, I study new media, marketing  psychology and I'm motivated in bringing AR/mobile technology to JB.
I went to your show on the 8th, I don't know if you remember me but you were absolutely amazing.
You are my favorite.
:D 3
Yeah, that's right, c'mon throat, swell and hurt some more!
You too headache, keep shaking my brain.
Thanks , your the best!
thunder thunder in NYC!
Oh good!
I was trying to remember the name, but I couldn't and I couldn't remember if I am following!
Probably add online and televised midseason practices after this week.
very good work Pops!
Thank you.
i love it : That bitch avi is GROSS
Oh lawd.
Somebody kill me now!!
Dad: Hey guys dont eat yet...we're going to say grace.
Me: ok...let me eat the food first..
:P
Love Conquers all things.
It is what changes a persons heart for the better!
will do!
you r doing it so thorough and so large, man.
know ur appreciated in these parts.
Ears and eyes on u!
You bet, I love your tidbits of wisdom!
:
EXCELLENT NEWS!
Looking forward to seeing the results!
the kiss, in spite of everything, is not speech
Tweet us a picture of your most fashionable outfit  we want to see it!
Pfizer says on lookout for midsize doctorg deals
We have a thinking heart,
GRAPE 4 LIFE RT : Vitamin Water is KoolAid for white people.
Im here!
Too funny!
You look like a crack addict on the left and it looks like you morphed with me on the right...
How's your life?
The most dangerous man is he who listens, thinks and says nothing.
how does this doctorwsomething game end?
When one of us gets it wrong?
summer artists are playing an ice breaker game at today's marketing workshop.
What was your first concert ?
thank you girl!
And I will : Hope I see you tonight!
great game matrix only my second and I'm hooked!
Thanks so much go mavs!
I need to start having brainstorming sessions!
Just in case anyone is checking I was the only person going thru transfer and security in hong kong.
Very unnerving
: Little known fact: if 49ers lose this game, SV will take down NY startup valuations with them.
Thanks for the RTs earlier this week!
Have a fun doctorve.
Can't wait for my fix!
bout to go ape shit on his as
did u get a pic with her??
especially if Kobe stays cold.
Heated up a bit at the end of the OKC game but overall hasn't shot well since return
Glad you hear me.
Kinda like..., he who findeth a wife findeth a good thing.
So says the Bible...!
:
Aw you don't know how happy that makes me!!
Your voice sounds more beautifuler!
3
Thanks bro!
RT : yooooooo!!
Happy birthday bro!
Sometimes it's hard staying positive when things are going wrong.
Happy girl :
what are u still awake for?
download the mixtape!
I have to break this lazy cycle I'm in!
at least you're not on the floor in front of the men's bathroom sucking down Dunkin Donuts waiting for your phone to charge??
I'M DONE
Aww i wanna play with Stoni!!!!
Omg I had coffee at this hour on Sunday  was wide awake til 5am!!!
You're a nut!
Lord, you can say that again.
Power through the BS to get to the gold.
By the way have you finished Mockingjay yet??
that's no good : I'd be sad too!
This sounds great.
I'm in.
winning 3 posters for the library  my third graders bringing me chocolate  a good friday.
Done.
Follow back
Wahoo.....knock some balls round girl!!!
;
I'm happy with the bottom two...
Although Joshua should be there
I wish I was on a boat right now
your still barely taller than that bike
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
Paul Tillich
thank goodness, have plans?
Yep and they should replace more than one bad gift this year with donations to both of our organizations!
Test was hard
Hanging at Cardinals/Marlins spring training.
sportsbiz weekend continues.
I don't like it when my friends are feeling down 
losing two wonderful girls in less than a week is tragic.
you two will never be forgotten.
rest in peace Xiomara Munoz and Kyra Quinn 3
Do You Really Want Me To Be Descriptive About That?X
Dad just brought my flight ticket 4 summer
It's wierd being a girlfriend again!
But I like it!
When choosing a social media platform to use, find out where your audience is first.
It can vary for every buisiness.
Yeah, count us in!
RT : What's your ideal PDX day?
How about lunch , dinner  dessert ?
Good mawning!
I pray your day is filled with peace  love.
To those just going to bed.
Sweet doctorams.
I pray they manifest when you wake.
xo
You around the offices?
Had questions about your new space again.
is on the way to Belltown Pizza before Fest starts Day 1 of 4 at The Crocodile.
I hate time zones .
Not a lesbian..
but she a freak tho
they won't get swept...but they won't see the next round either tho lmao
So Lemmie tell y'all about the mother's day flowers I got today...
every time i turn around someone new has their fucking hand out.
Nothing like seeing the faces of PPL who get stuck in the train car with the mad deathly smell of a bum...
Awesome, enjoy!
RT : I just got my car2go card in the mail.
Tomorrow I don't care where I go but I'm going somewhere in car2go
Can someone give me more followers?
I can't follow more peoples before my Followers reach 2000..
: Please!
Have you read The professorssor and the Madman?
I Love Twitter
Hope everyone is doing great today.
Reminder follow from now on, starting next week all other accounts will be shut down.
RT : I will release the fury in Austin  Careful what you wish for!
Earth now has a Jobs opening for torchbearer to pick up the mantle of empowerment with simplification,  channel it in the right direction
productive!
On the other hand you do see I keep busy throughout the day with work when yer usually gone!
bring it!
I hate the Braves 
Bike to work weather.
Tires flat.
YES!
Books are the best!
I've read over 150 of them and own almost 300!
zombieapocalypse2012 began early!
Office Chairs Have become Available in Various Styles to Go With ...
Who loves, Call Me Maybe?
my 1989 case study has handwritten exhibits!
: Tequila, Tapas, cloud security, tokens at 20 paces.
2751 at rsac to find out where.
Ok, no cloud security talk after 9:01.
Quit complaining will ya'?:
Correction: Waste Management offers free TV/computer recycling  13 Peggy Parkway, Reeves St.
Dunmore.
WEEKDAYS 8am4 pm, Sat: 79 am.
lol my questions
ROH on one window, EVOLVE on the other window.
Got to love wrestling.
Happy Mothers Day 3
I missed it !
I hoopin in some Kd's next year
I've tried tons o kinds of beer.
My favorite is prolly guiness extra stout.
The corona and lime is pretty good too
If u don't smoke I don't know why
RT There's a reason people know more about TED talks than about academic papers
ugh same
Any direct messages coming from my account appear to be a virus.
Do not click the link.
It's not from me.
PLEASE follow both accts by me   supported by 
To reach 1 Million user, it took AIM 9 Years.
For Facebook to reach 1 Million users, 9 Months.
The App doctorw Something...9 DAYS.
I'm developing a strange infatuation with the city of Portland.
As in, I just purchased a Portland Timbers jersey strange.
follow my new account
thanks!
Do you think the logo should be a bit more 3D/rounded?
hey beautiful : I hope you have a flipping awesome day today!!!!
2 power outlets  internet access  airport nirvana
Aww!
Heeeeeeyyy!
Happy birthday jazz  the man!
RT : I have so much to do tonight...but i am still siting on my couch whist on tumblr and twitter
lifetime makes me happy
I wanna go watch The Dictatorship.....looks 2 funny...Borat dude is hilarious
Your tears are adding to the flood.
Just give me a sign.
i will
i still turn to you
Studying in the School of Music building is my favorite :
In my maiden speech, I advocated bringing down the voting age of women to twentyone.
Waiting for Network Team training to begin A Blueprint for Change
Solid day today of work and the Celtics moving on!
aw thx for the update!
Looking forward to call in a few minutes!
Proof of life: You've unclogged MY in box.
Thx!
Everything is so commercial now
Forget Let's just move to Minnesota.
We'll defeat Mike with our stressfree, hockeyfilled lives.
really?
thank you!
i thought i was slacking honestly lol
bad kaleigh.
Tweeting during class.
Kerry Kearney recording with Woodfish.
Kerry has shared the stage with The Allman Brothers, Leon Russell,  Mountain www.kerrykearney.com
Also with the prank call ideas, I don't have one but make sure you are new and creative with it.
Don't do the norm stupid
Wondering, should I start back working next week.
Slow to the doctorw this morning.
Thanks House of Prime Rib.
hit me up if you chillin in knoxvegas bruhh
never a problem.
Just means I have to come out to Bmor.....
Guys!
I'm so sorry for the interruption in tweeting the Rampage game for y'all.
My laptop died and couldn't find charger.
Sry :o
omg that song was amazing:
For all of my Civil Union friends in NC....
i'm certain there are surrounding states that would LOVE to have your taxes dollars.
Paul Martin scored tonight.
I went to high school with him.
ha.
Mhhm im sorry but i love my mom more, shes the reason i met you, BUT MAN I LOVE YOU JUST AS MUCH!!!
thank you..hopefully you'll dig the new tunes in just a few short weeks :
Guess whose comming to pride Atlanta weekend
ha ha ha no worries Bro.
I got thick eyebrows.
I could use a good wax or threading.
Matusz strikes out Rodoctorguez and Wieters guns Jeter trying to steal to third Yankees Orioles.
Matusz needed that bad to get out of third.
In the legal field where your problem needs to match up with someone who is licensed to deal w/ the problem.
cc:
Inviting many San Diego friends to follow tonight.
Just started focusing on my Twitter account, so I only have a few updates.
But I'm real.
oh this is fun.
If I don't show up to brunch its because I'm in bed making bad iPhone doctorwings.
Discussed the role of community partnerships with Randy Diamond, Promega, Annette Miller, MGE, Jim Wood, Wood Comm,  others this morning.
I thought you were already following.
Nice to have another Southernhistory peep.
cuz when your 15 somebody tells you they love you, your gonna believe them
follow me on tumblr
thanks for all the RT's
uh excellent radio station 104.7 is there...even better dj named skywalker on at 2..just sayin
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL
He was due!
An iPad.
I has it
im taller
nowplaying Sunshine  Keane / just one of those days :
welcome to the twatters club
nothing to report now.
watching parade on jumbotron.
eek!
spell check :
Remember when everybody doctorols over LeBron all year as he wins the MVP.
Then he never shows up in the playoffs
Shower time
I know!
I'm excited!!!
Okay Cowboy Fans, this is it!
Do amy others want to get on the band wagon?
hey.
Blueberries.
Do you prefer to run on a treadmill, sidewalks, paved trails, or dirt/gravel trails?
Thanks to Ya'all for the add.
Maybe C U  Thurs.
8/18 for weekly Vallejo Music Group Ladies Nite!
91/ 3 Miss Z Tinis...XONZ
Kik is acting up :/ blah....
a fickle heart  a bitterness and a heaviness in my head .
Nice day out!
Barton Springs at 4?
NEVER look up anything health related on the interwebz  it always tells you you might be dying...
Hope everything is ok!!!
I love music.
Let It Be!
By the way paintball fun in lanesville is great place to go
Strangely no matter where I am in the world LA finds me and pushes it's way into my life.
id rather not Oo ....god nicole stop flirting with me bahah
aye y dont u answer my texts
Can't a man brush his teeth at work without getting grief?
Didn't realize it was so tabu in the men's room, haha!
bout to go see planet of the apes.
Jeremy Lin's App provides users with great turnover recipes.
Apple, peach, basketball...
LOL said she a Rich Black Girl on
yeah u don't like?
About to study  invade everybody timeline studying for business law is BORING af.
thank you Twitter for the bootstrap lib
If your wife is asking for a pajamagram 'hoodie footie' for Christmas it's a good sign she's just given up.
Imo is a better Center than but Pau is a better big man and player overall.
Hard at work....The Grind don't stop....
thank you for coming and the tweet.
Cheers
see u bright and early tomister!
timetobitch ;D
Woohooo BREWCREW!!!
World series here we come!!!!
don't sweat it bro we all have those days just build off your mistakes
RT : Headed to Kansas City then OTown bound for Nationals
Q4.
What's your personal silo breaking strategy?
Bartab will be at tonight!!
Come have a great night with friends and 1 doctornks!
Just booked my Coachella flight for April.
why am I just seeing this!!
long day,
Clay Matthews is leading the league in sweaty ass
u are one strange kid.
I am talking something up your alley and 6 figures.
But stay in your ways and at the bottom, my dude.
Accomplishing your goals is not always going to be easy.
Consolidation and Virtualization Made Easy?
Consolidation and Virtualization Done Right?
Watching A Bugs Life!!!!
i think you are so beautiful and funny and im a huge fan of you husband.
Free Comic Book Day 2012: We're gonna make your head explode.
Get excited
Lol as long as there are no more doctorpal questions ; Just shoot me an email.
What motivates you?
What skills are required to be a lifelong learner?
unfortunately we won't be at that show but thanks for checking us out, glad you liked it :
red laces in and out of them air max 95's
Quincy stop of the LOOP coming soon!
I'm almost done with the post!
When will you be coming to town cincinnati cincinnatistpatricksparade,
Shooting stars all around her, fire, comets.
Hey, that's Baltimore's finest/only export!
Santa Fe, and spa day really go well together.
is it ture that you and braun are opening a restaurant
Can we get R.I.P Fergie's Career trending instead?
I have the best pickup line for later .
;
That hashtag is new to me :
The fact that I've spent the 1st hour of work sending a package...
Lol
It still amazes me when someone sees, hears, or reads a story that depresses them  and their reaction is to feel cheated and lied to.
Looking forward to seeing you guys this summer and of course, seeing a show on the 2031 tour, just to balance everything out
To be a leader, you have to make people want to follow you, nobody wants to follow someone who doesn't know where he is going.
Joe Namath
I love being happy...an making ppl feel special
Looking for 6 hour a week part time employees in marketing, events planning, and/or sales.
Preferred markets are Dallas, Austin, or Waco.
A
Bored as hell at work
if your dick gets caught in your zipper.
then it will be there tomorrow at lunch
There are just some days that I wished no girls like me lol
There should be a lot more than that..
I WOOD DIE IF U FOLLOWED ME I WOOD SCREAM MY A off..
Gooooooooooooool de Barcelona
someone kill me please
ohh I.know!!!
BEST BUY!
I wish for once you would just trust me when I say everything will be okay.
It's jury duty for me on Monday.
Hoping it's not some weeklong trial.
i ve been sick and in bed.
anyone heard from adam lambert?
he makes my heart pound out of my chest!
heis so freakin hot!
total adamgasm!!!
Good Night 
ESPN knows when to doctorp a controversial article at the right time.
Never want to read about anyone being a potential child predator.
Jerry the niners could use another WR...ever think about strapping it on again?
Hope the new TheGreatGatsby film is good  I love the book.
But as Gatsby  he seems 2 young 4 Gatsby.
2 4 Nick.
maybe he's  gov's mansion watching hoops in tv rumpus room remodeled thx to lobbyist  corp contribs to exec residence fund
I may or may not have been partying with Ryan Gosling  Bradley Cooper last night.
But I definitely had The Hangover this morning.
why thank you
RT : PARTY on the PATIO this SATURDAY starting 930pm.
DJ Cherntables aka CHIM is spinning!
Is it the 9th yet?
i'd be down.
San Francisco is poetry.
Even the hills rhyme.
Pat Montandon
Made a pretty good dent in my paper research today.
Hoping I can finish this without getting any gray hairs!
omg watching that movie they locked up the fat boy in the locker
Sounds like my freshman year of college ;
Eagerly awaiting those pics of my chucks!
Don't post the man pics, please!
Haha :
Uber excited to see you tonight for HH at :
A Lovely Day!
This weather is glorious.
I can't go back to sleep...oh well coffee time
Paranoid Time Space Continuum, My War of the Worlds
Oracle sucks big time
You're welcome, thank you for supporting.
Gonna sleep my sadness away.
doctorwing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
another solid day at the office, time to whoop in Jeopardy!
Thanks for the mention, and including me in your paper.
Have a great day
So I just asked a medium to translate Nicki minaj's message in her song.
She said she was calling someone a StupidHo lol
Thanks for the retweet.
We have modified the entrance to the free parking garage  working much better
For a bra?
Its about time u hit puberty RT : Im gonna be fitted spring break
Just wrote a banging post about Word Vomit.
Too bad I need to shelve it for a later date.
WHOMP WHOMP.
Join us tonight with happy hour from 5:306:30pm.
How about house made Gnocchi w/ house cured pancetta in a parsley pesto sauce, only 6
Damn baby look bad 4rm the back........
ah she ight 4rm the front' lol
At 11:30 at night?
RT : I'm about to force myself to do a loop around Greenlake ...
Lady Gaga's Musical Tastes Have Always Been Beyond Her Years
You have dysentery.
Never.
Never.
Never have a connection in Orlando.
The whole plane is full of screaming kids with deformed deadmau5 hats on.
Thanks  love you too EB!
Baby all I want for Xmas...
Is the fox sweater, and your new eyelashes!!!!
3
enjoy Boston!
Where else would you go for Mendo Mellow but the Mellow Mushroom?
Just tapped today, only 8 sixtels in DC.
Come n get it
My boss cut my pay...
doesn't exactly improve morale
i'm just a silly space potato
bosses gonna boss, that ripraptors deep in a sunday major
Guys do tend to love Foodie Registry!
Thanks for the shout  let's see if we can't get on board for you...
WAMI Holiday Party on Sunday Jan 8th 6PM.
Hope to see RT please
doctorke ft rihannatake care
iwannaslap young people who don't understand the importance of respecting the elderly
i laughed yesterday when my mom was like everybody say grace at dinner i said Chloe Grace!
Moretz there were like wow she is cool ha
Waukesha Co businesswoman Christine doctorecke sentenced to 8 months in jail for hitting a police officer and fleeing the scene.
i ate my lunch from a spork today.
i can't even remember what life was like before i made it big.
probably very similar to life now.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline  John Nolen.
Ramp to John Nolen closed.
The EB Beltline may be closed, too.
Avoid Area.
Small quantities of 3Floyds Tiger Jelly  Stygian Darkness Also, Uncommon Brewers Golden State Ale  Allagash Odyssey.
Based om the trajectory of the past two days, is it reasonable to assume that George Clooney will be coming out tomorrow?
today will be an awsome day!!!
:D
We are so thankful for our consistent volunteer Mary O'Neill who comes in every Wednesday and Thursday to help us out!
She's awesome!
On the ground, doctorving a Mustang, headed to the beach oh yea Tampa
The health insurance plan deductibles are so high to be able to afford a rate that is still too high!
NBC should take the camera off Crist.
Let the kid be.
Anyone going out tonight?
Where you heading?
:: is on the air NOW with live coverage of a severe storm moving through SE Wisconsin.
Send storm photos to
Wish you guys the best!!
I'm 100 supportive of you guys 3
I was told I needed to do some soul searching...
so I Googled James Brown.
that moment when Louis walked over to me and have me his doctorm stick...hottie
I hope it was worth it!
is a true pro.
I didn't HAVE to use Task to win ;P

ya trying to use the lord to sale pussy on this corner  lmao
Replacement value of each C130 you see flying out of Yeager is 70 million ...
Started last AGAIN..
My gosh.
Worked my way up and chain fell off.
Then was leakin oil...
8th still
I need someone in Boston who will watch Glee and shamelessly fangirl the crap out of it with me.
lame, let's work on getting out of the gravity well
I'd like to see more coverage on the pending Free Trade Agreements with Panama, Colombia  Korea.
Good for local jobs  econo
Leaving for new mexico tomorrow!
totally jonesing for some warm weather!
Thanks Kevin  that's the kind of tweet I expect...!
Have a great weekend
And the cubs blow it like they always do
any suggestions for books anyone??
Ok, start piling the sandbags, Boehner is crying 34 secs into the
imma smack ya ass when I see u fatty
Wow!
Really, people are going to stand outside of stores for days over a pair of shoes.
Wtf...talk about get a life.
Roflmao
I mean anywhere!
I swear I'll order from williamsburg if it means getting food within the time advertised!
doesnt feel like you get no attention
Thanks to everyone that listened to and appreciated the Sat.
music show.
It's been an honor.
I'll do my best to turn you on to music here.
motherplunker we gotta chill like this weekend kay?
We won't be afraid of being sweet to ourselves  Or anybody!
anybody else!
::her space holiday::sleepy tigers::
Dear Twitter, Area 31 is where to be tonight :
Oh wow, that will be amazing!
idk.
Some gurl made ann account about her.
And i didnt know if u knew who it was or not
I can further my education without taking more classes.
And I feel I want to consider other schools besides UH.
Work is priority for now.
Congrats!!!
What's the name of little baby ?
kind of you to say : Love Foley Beach !
Kathie, I bring my own food into the movie theaters only for the fact that many dont carry the soda or candy I perfer.
Well, it's research, is what I always say!
I don't care where ur from, topdown on the 2seater in 47 degrees has got to be cold!
Hi Gorgeous.
I hope all is well.
Have a good one.
Coolness: I'm heading out around 1:00 till 6ish.
Catch me before or after
you found 300/month rest in DC?
Booked another film role, with an awesome group of folks.
But, I'm so glued to CNN, this news hasn't phased me yet.
Ok.
Who scores this game's GWG...I am saying Parise
At the Brady.
Totally not sure my car will be where I parked it when it's done.
woah!
will keep ur mum in my thoughts  prayers...
the prices are a bit high but food was good !!!
X Box factory employees in China threaten mass suicide over work conditions.
Could this be the next X Box game theme??
Holy shake up WGN!
Love Johnny B.
can't wait to have him back!
Sad about Steve  Johnny, since I imagined me  Jen growing up to be them.
Fire doctorll ....
StarbucksRun?
If you are interested in what is being tweeted at American Council of Education conf, search ACE2012.
ASU Pres Michael Crow Opened
All set up, thanks though :
we are doing a challenge at : i think you should do it :
Happy Valentinee Day To U
These pants are squeezing me in ways you can't understand.
: RT : Bullying is for losers is a TT.
Um, isn't calling bullies 'losers' a form of bullying?
I think so!
hey!!!
Wait, for what?!
Thanks love, you too!
:
Exactly 2 months until my 21st birthday!
u welcome!
Don't act like you don't no me!
I'm following
Which gym are they switching to?
:
good point.
We'll have to talk to his roommate again about this tomorrow
I effing HATE April Fools Day.
Dumbest idea ever.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Congrats,  on the best design Crunchie.
Well deserved.
I agree it inappropriate twitter comments worse than junk mail
Something is wrong with me!
I have been singing little mermaid songs for the past 20minutes haha!
Where did everybody's standards go?
Undergrad moment of the day: group meeting for Russian Constructivism presentation took place in a skate park.
Good luck on Sunday Justin!
Go kick some Green Bay ass!!!!!
GO BIG BLUE!!!
m.
Can't argue with that.
I hope Puck butchers his face!!!
I would love to see him debati the presant VP...who is he again?
...I forgot...
I'm so shamless...
Ready fir wrestling
Did you know we have the best warranties in the biz!
Get ready Fort Worthians!
White Elephant Saloon on Friday  Fred's Texas Cafe on Saturday!
Come on!!
2day, Shawn Chapman Holley kept Lindsay OUT of jail.
Get better Lindsay.
astd10 continue the conversation about how to implement social media solutions successfully in my session following M304 or Tu304
Well.....this sucks.
thanks daniel.
:'
have time to talk tomorrow around 11am?
First time setting up and using the studio alone.
a lot less difficult than I thought it would be
How did Silvia's baby shower go?
My son Tristan is 22 mos.
Can't wait to take him to his first show to see you 
Summer Headshot Special 179 Includes 4 looks, CD with all images, top choices retouched and ready for print.
Reserve your spot now ....
PickUpLine: Hi, my name is Milk.
I'll do your body good.
haha, that's what i get for not liking capital letters.
Might explain the giant aviator glasses  coat of Axe Bodyspray  truth conceiler.
Will consult my girlfriend on this theory
RT if your a true belieber :!
Thank you very much for the ff!
DFW folks definitely need to check you out.
Good luck with launch!
1 pick in today's FantasyBaseball doctorft!
Who should I take?
If you pitch something as being really hot right now it most definitely isn't.
Eli Mannings Playoff Victims: Aaron Rodgers, Matt Ryan, Tom Brady, Brett Favre, Tony Romo, Jeff Garcia
yeah...
It is Kentucky :
Lol You Silly Suhh!
QT : Lmao SO She Is Ah Trip  Going In On Somebody.!
tweet tweet tweet!
I LOVE twitter er ee do doo doo see you at the SMODCASTLE!
I've been experimenting w/ paleo so...I had a real burger.
After a day that was positively hell, I'm here in heaven with my best girls...and tequila.
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not
thank you!!
That's great!
Starbucks  Crack
Miss you as well  Everythings been going good, thanks!
You think your cool just realize that your fake and no one likes you and move on with your life
I go to sharpfocus to pin a picture, I get message 'there are no pictures to pin'.
blame it on freakin' flash!
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS  says East Finals will be BOS over CHI and in the West LAL over OKC, with Lakers 3peating over BOS
I cant help but wonder what alex feels about this.
What he is gonna do with all the posters.
How the crew is taking this.
great idea.
Good luck
On marriage: I'm in the dog house because my wife saw me staring at another woman, in her doctoram.
It is great to talk to administrators like those in Danville Community Schools who are are really seeking to innovate education.
Great work!
I'm glad I came here 3
Thanks to my newest follower no hit her up
....a stranger in a strange land......I'll have to get used to it!
Work tonight, dang it I'm missing
Now following
well, when you put the words summerschool together, fun can't be possible.
but naah, i'm taking just regular history.
Ah.
What's been the matter?
The site has been down for over a month except for iffy spurts.
So, is KONY2012 a scam or what?
Im hearing a million things!!!!

do you think Carmelo will be in Denver after Feb 2011 trade deadline?
Kiwi author and once, present and future Warrior Alan Duff has natl treatment rights under Berne but not the monies flowing from his rights
Even though today was crappy, I'm still happy because my family literally keeps me smiling:
There we go mister Norris sir!
This'n could get interesting!
The worst part of what happened Wednesday: the Bruins website will show Capitals 2 Bruins 1 until September.
ugh.
WHAT were you doing.
Hey Mel
What makes you think she is?
5 design concepts before running out the door for a spring planting in shades of blue and white.
Spring is finally here!
Keep the pictures coming...if you take a picture of your food next time at the daily, you could win a 50 GIFT CERTIFICATE!
glad you made bra
Tonight is the night!
Join us at the VAC to celebrate the opening night of amazing student shows from 68pm!
Love posting up at coffee shops....
need a swisha!!!
Best homemade clam chowder, ever.
Funny you should mention that.
We are looking at v.2 right now : Any feedback specifically?
thanks for the compliment!
Glad to meet you via the John 3:15 Blog Hop!
RT I've to do some muscle exercise
Practice time...say something!!
Ha
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment!
good lookin on the follow
I gotta GTL tonight.
Mostly L
are you okay?
Am I ready?
I've been pounding them.
hashtagshots might kill me before the meeting.
Another wonderful day is upon us!
Plan on hitting the gym hard today  packing my bags, anticipating a rocking weekend!
Happiness is me!!!
I like this line: Luck helps, but hustling helps more.
Working on the plot of High School Newspaper Musical with
The bananas I had were banana bread bananas.
Too far?
Who's gonna be the lucky lady tonight?!?
IfYouAreSingle HMU!
It's so hard to come to the job I don't like a day after working at the job I really enjoy.
THATCamp LAC campers: the wifi information has changed for the campthe details will be on slips of paper in your nametag holders
Sorry guys, was exhausted and needed to get stuff done at home.
what about the 6th district?
Where can I see the counts?
Fucken warm out side blessed be..
Thanks for the follow.
Love your website  looking forward to learning more!
No problem!
:
Shows being added to the calendar soon!
Making friends and sharing the good Vibes!
Argh!
Was trying to wait to play that game until the price doctorpped.
However, I am being doctorwn inexorably towards that game.
that will fix all types of insomnia...
Whats good, i need to be in chill mode
that sounds delicious!
.
PS  LOVE Air Display!
Thanks!
Found 5 on the way into the office  what a nice way to start the day!
naw i gt tu my checks b 2 fat i cnt miss out on no money u kno hw dat go
favorites Hudson jeans  shoes!
Had a great time in Falls Church  and very glad to meet
and We have a lot of posts to catch up on...
0
Morning my fellow tweeters
good night Tweety!
: When he play black jack, he hits on 20 ...
and always gets 21.
enjoyed that one.
Reminded me of a crazy dude in LV  5am
hey ange, did u do a workout at the school gym?
And if so cud I join u?
X
Excited about client's newest novel.
Great stuff!
My Gmail looks like I live in a haunted house, I have a cold and already called in sick.
Think it's time to sleep for 20 hours or so.
I agree and that's where we challenge his blind supporters.
He knew it as a candidate.
He is loathsome.
Supporting DH is definitely a challenge at a U w/ limited tech support and huge STEM focus.
Ongoing frustration 4 me.
I grubbed hard when I got home today.
I kinda felt like Pumba from the Lion King when it was said and done.
O well
Gay chicken.
I officially hate my bus doctorver 
Your avatar makes my day every time I see it running my timeline.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations of district maps is now in session.
Watch live online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
What's number 1 on that list?
;; Just put in my new lip ring
Where'd you get your doctorss and shoes  obsessed!
Also, Deng's deal is a year shorter and not as expensive.
Maybe they keep O.J.
then, or get Jason Terry.
What goes down must go up.
Thinking positive.
practice was fun :
RT Reminder....the 101 channel on DirecTV is showing Farm Aid today starting at 5PM EST
My bad, I just used it for entertainment so didn't know you couldn't connect to real account with the app.
miss you biggie
Remember, people in publishing see the socalled digital revolution as a possible threat to their own careers.
It's fear.
I just doctorpped the phone on my face!
I Am What I Am.
I like what I like.
I love what I love.
Get off my back.
It's my life, not yours.
Brenda Braxton on Grimm!
How cool is that!
Finally, y'all are playing w/ heart
aprox how long do you run everyday?
Good luck at SXSW.
Elizabeth Warren will not head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
A senate bid against Scott Brown in Massachusetts appears likely
Happy and appreciative customers, enjoying LENGUADO/FRESH FLOUNDER Cebiches only ...
now is the time for all good trees to come to your aid by only falling on the phone company wires
Wait, what?
Dadcation then?
Finding myself jumping on the band wagon, go RedBirds!
omg i love ray ray, roc royal,princeton ,diggy simmons, willow smith,jaden smith and ymcmb
LOL, yes!!
; RT Q7 Did you know that Chuck Norris is our overdue book collector?
Just thought I'd mention it.
At Pep Boys tryna get my car fixed, pray that it doesn't cost too much...
Love this.
Never stop learning.
Ever.
RT : Learn all that you can; you just might be someones mentor someday.
If your Mom has a gardern check out Awesome gift ideas.
You can find them on FB and
I just joined a community on named NICOLEBARKERFANS
of course that doesn't stop her in RL
A beautiful day...
alas teaching and gigging all day.
Somebody have a beer in a lawn chair outside for me.
I had a doctoram about mass effect 3 does that mean im addicted or in love
Always after a little Taste w/the stick  ball sports.
NASCAR  Horses is  for me this spring!
THE BIG FELLA ALWAYS WINS!!!
Ipod on shuffle I'm musically inclined right now bbl :
good luck!
On set still in atl...
Another overnight filming on the same movie.....
I love my job......
I'll take things young black men shouldn't say out loud for 200, Alex.
: I'll bring by your pot.
Just got an email with the subject line: What is happening to our country?
Let me get right back to you on that.
lets go HAWKS!!!!!!
GETUPSLUGS!
I still wear Vans...
whea u at??
people are freaking creepy...
love you!!
oh, you know.
rocking that 3.88 GPA my first semester at Vandy.
nbd.
Wish I could come.
Ever planning on Thursday or weekend events?
Can I meetup later if I don't make this one?
aww I love you to baby.
My tummy hurt real bad
OM Frickin' G!!!!
I LOVE IT!!!
When I get home I'm going to dig in the sofa for extra change!
Thanks for sharing!
Do these people not have to work tomorrow?
Oh LexingtonPoliceScanner you've been a good time tonight.
Thank you.
This LeBron's 1st playoff game at MSG.
He better score 50
it won't be the same!
If 'Speaking of' executed its next event around a sweet narrative, which narrative would you choose?
Odyssey?
Sesame Street?
Know your place when you are in someone else house.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission's gross sales for hard liquor in calendar year 2011 total 448.8 million, 4.5 percent more than 2010.
Great night for a firepit!
I love you too mark!
:
New way of thinking of the books I read: would I want to pass it on to people really close to me so that they get something good out of it.
I'm not trying to be Brian Scalabrine or Sheamus, tho.
lol
Did anyone buy anything off of googlecatalog ?
What do you think of the interface?
what was the abuser abusing ?
ill do what i have to do.
but if you dont help me when i need you most, dont expect to hear from me when ive gone off to be successful.
you're welcome!
3
Oo they childish!
RT : Timeout : I just got a private call amp; a bunch of females all chanted my government name 0o wtf...
Busy day!
Now hitting the road for MarkLogic World!
Portland too!
Perm Direct Hire  .NET Developer Role  65k  35 years experience as a .NET developer  .NET development using C and 4.0 Framework Web 
Yeah!
I definitely need to step it up when the new iPads are released.
Look at you 
I keep staying up way too late!
All them trade schools like everest and shit be sellin straight wolf tickets..
I've always believed Inge was perfectly fine for his role.
But retiring his number?
Nope.
Clippers came a long way, before this year...
No one liked em lol
hang in there!
:
So warm here today that bus has sunroof open.
cool can u tell me there twitter names nd can plzs tell them 2 follow me
...Mike A.
and Fee, Seamus, Mondy and Keeb, Jason and my homie, D.B.!...
The Crispy Fellas!!
Say No More.
www.crispyfellas.com
: Holy crap Clay Davis is on Smash TheWireTheMusical
I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE PET NAME 'BABE,' 'BABY,' 'BOO,' ETC.
LIKE, EUGH.
Do your part.
World Piece.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I just met a 4 yearold named Chance...
It's a sign.
will score today.
Kihncert 2010 spotlight  Blue Oyster Cult  on the air now!
On stage Aug 29th!
I'm obsessed with her.
She's my friend's daughter, came to brunch with us, slept on me almost the whole time!
Swoon!
yep..
sorry for the long wait..
Be Texan, go boomboom
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
Almost just walked into the wall..lol..im so awesome
Sometimes you have to be dumb selfish to get anything done.
Everybody wants something from you, and time is your most precious resource.
Today is one of the worst in a while but watching Bob Ross has made it better, always does.
awesome.
Glad you liked it!
Someone shook the snowglobe again!!!
yeah...My tweets be bi polar as hell at times and Thank you same to you too!
:
I can understand that....
shes got an open minded way of seein things and shes always looking after everyone else before herself.
she'll smile even when shes hurting
Happy Saturday all!
:
The vibrate on the iPhone is so annoying!!
Since my volume isn't working I'm jus putting it on silent from now til who the eff cares.
HowToPissAFemaleOff ASK HER TO STOP TALKING SO MUCH ABOUT BULL SHIT AND SAY' YAP YAP, U BITCHES SHEESH
Countdown is on until game time...gotta head home and change, then it's off to the ATT Center.
Game 1.
LET'S GO!!
GO SPURS GO!!
How's your SlideRocket coming along?!
Let us know if you have any questions.
:
Yea buddy : I'm effing DOWN.
RT Let's DO IT: Schoolboy Q June 21 who's riding with me?
I'm at Moxie theater waiting for the cutain to go up on a fantastic new season!
You will!
It's really interesting.
Sorry you're missing it too.
Safe travels!
Among alcoholic patients, rates for physical abuse were reported at 24 percent and 33 percent for men and women, respectively.
I'd taken a collection of personal stories over generalizations or statistics any day, on almost any topic.
Looks good on you
so bam bam is a really good nickname but have you considered streakender or streak killer.
Either way keep knocking them down
Ready to watch this game pacernation 
Epic trouble!!!
TWILIGHT MARATHON!!!
so excited!!!!
Always...B More U:
My Auntie said its a good movie, Imma see.
I see u lil homie.
On ya grind, that's what's up.
504 Love
Is about to leave
If you prefer to not get trampled, come by the bookshop for a visit, buy a book and bask in the catharsis of welldeveloped story.
hell im not dat picky
I'll tell everyone I know: The Grey is an incredible film, go see it immediately.
Because comfort is the great pacifier.
See the Colosseum.
See the development of a middle class.
A3: not a formal one BUT definitely an informal one  we get quite a number of returnees...
so efficient Coppo, although I was betting on you replying in under an hour ;
Congratulations on your nomination!
Love road trips
agreed dude lol no matter whats in front am waiting for when yj is on gonna suck when it goes away for a break
Seeking K attys with ANDA experience for a project.
Please message me for details.
Don't!
You will attract the wrong company at dinner parties.
Shawty go hard concrete she can shake her ass one cheek both cheeks both cheeks both cheeks they got a white girl said she got no cheeks
You're welcome!
When you have good problems to have it's appropriate to say the glass is half full of champaign.
that made me lol
Does work?
Or tweet all day?
: professorssional tweeter?
Even more tear gas in Oakland.
Solidarity from
Will racial tensions in a key swing state sway the 2012election?
emcee swordfish reporting for duty sir
I photoshopped the hair on the pic...
chill, i took it in NJ
RT : Today it's 4 admission day at the Oregon Zoo!
Omg where were you??
meeting today at 4:30 in Brooklyn!
DM if you are interested in coming!
I Love The Shuffling Hamster's :
I'm sitting here like, what the hell?
why?
Cause in hungry.
I gotta get somethin to eat.
OKC has rust?
There were a number of moments where I nearly wet myself.
And then I laughed.
Of course, thanks for your follow!
Have a great evening, and we hope to see you in Atlanta!
aw so precious!
PSA to all you procrastinators out there, don't forget: last chance, today's Tax Day!
In Him we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of His grace Ephesians 1:7
well i cant see the pic cause im on my phone but ill check it later!: anyways bye:
FIVE AMAZING BELIEBERS GO FOLLOW !!!!!!!
AND I'LL GIVE YOU 3 SOLO SHOUTOUTS!!
JUST TWEET ME!
Weightloss and fitness motivations can include looking/feeling younger.
What motivates you?
STEVE HARVEY MADE ALOT OF MONEY FROM THAT BOOK
I'm ok just thinking
Kid: Guess what?
Me: What?
Kid: Chickenbutt!
CONGRATS on your new opportunity, James!
Happy for you!
It's that time of the day, come by and for the rest of the day, grab a free coffee doctornk of your choice!
Say Greg at the register!
im thinking LA and Rangers final...Rangers win it
Man I'm not even trying anymore.
I peaked with that WW2 stuff.
Time to retire.
Thanks guys, I'm moving to Jamaica and opening a bar.
professorssional Nail Artist Theresa is available so please stop by or call to book an appoint with her at 510 8321100
Didn't hear anything about a callback on that Home Depot audition...oh well, on to the next one.
Moving bookshelves around  trying to make it look less like a library in here before my MIL's visit.
stop warning people of your arrival!!
Just sayin
People who cause unnecessary doctorma 
: Every evening I turn my worries over to God.
He's going to be up all night anyway.
Mary C.
Crowley
Sitting in this boring class.
Ready to go back to my dorm and climb back into my bed
One lead we're still tracking down is insurance.
So if you know a guy...
Just sayin.
We sure do miss tailgating!
Am I lucky or am I blessed?...Yes
Yes, that's the one.
Now we wait.
I DO like eating salads for breakfast.
I DO like eating salads for breakfast.
I DO like eating salads for breakfast.
Oh I'm so happy!
He just has such a fresh take on things...inspiring!
That's great!
Looking fwd to the fare machine revisions.
Please make them simple  straightforward,  w/a nonPCcirca85 interface!
People are ignorant.
We share the same rare disease.
Hopefully one day, there will never be a cure, lol.
A sharp vision, supported by concrete plans, offers you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
It's a better name than Cougar Town.
Great to hear!
We've already booked time with tomb raider this year.
Look for an extensive preview soon!
Saturday morning wooooosh must mean it's end of quarter...
scms12 networks are central to theory but far exceed academe
Troy Polamalu signs 4 year contract w/ the Steelers  NFL  P.S.
All you ppl hating on Pennsylvania suck a diccup till you hiccup!
Where the heck is a big Mega Millions PowerBall billboard in the Seattle area?
Feel like I haven't seen one in ages  it would look cool now
1st WINNING PIC OF NFL WEEK 1...GIANTS/REDSKINS OVER 37.5 POINTS...RUNNING YDS WILL BE TOUGH TO COME BY...TEAMS WILL STEP UP PASSING GAMES
Is it just me or is ending phone conversations really awkward.
A week in NYC cheering on my wife followed by the holiday weekend.
I am so ready to get back to work.
Bring it on!
Just finished Big Love horrible ending.
What a waste : I wish I could take back the countless hours I invested.
she just wants to hear it from you more
Quote of the day, Don't use 70's power tools..
How big is your entourage?
i meant Gillette stadium
like this week was so stressful for me
apparently Bryce Harper needed stitches after hitting himself in the face with a bat.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the fab endorsement Nicole!
:
next time we shall
I've had this stuck in my head all morning: We love our bread, we love our butter, but most of all we love each other.
;P
..or coins  currency from other countries.
I haven't slept in in forever.
Sure as hell feels good.
o come on yes taylor isn't exactly the best person but she's human
The Top 5 QBs in AFL history are being announced tonight on Who will be number one?
see you there bud.
I can't wait for Sunday: finally dying all my hair black
Damn that is adorable.
This seems like one of those things you are only for because it was obama's idea ps go big red
yes  ama catch u too, w ur sexy self
Fashion has two purposes: comfort and love.
Beauty comes when fashion succeeds.
Coco Chanel
Ergotron WorkfitS.
Not cheap but I think it will be worth it.
Need a smaller actual desk to attach it to, tho.
You don't listen to the words that I say.

lol I really what to go to the beach.
i am feeling extremely fortunate and grateful for working on this film with just amazing people.
how did i get here????????
just saying something else people would want.
Not directed at hou
oh yeah, huntsman is a smart, relatively normal and honest person, i.e.
he can't even get 1 of republicans to vote for him.
is the finale this weekend or the following weekend?
I feel so sick.
: Hopefully i'll feel better!!
/:
I totally forgot about your trip!!!
HOW WAS IT?!
Kinda.
It says Jericho wannabe on it with a picture of a wasp.
I'm going to the game on Wednesday and I wanted to ask you , when you yell  let's go clippers lets go would you like if ..
Doing better.
Thanks!
George Gordon And if I laugh at any mortal thing This that I may not weep.
you realize that I knew there would be stopwatches bc as a childless nonteacher I've done that before.
Always determine the correct, physiological jaw relationship b4 determining the correct alignment and occlusal relationship of the teeth.
anyone wana hit the mall up with me ?
: Goodies from on the way for PromProject2point0  :
It's raining like cats  dogs in Sylmar.
Thanks!
Gotten a few responses  must put our heads together and confer.
Will email over some details over.
Getting ready for the DC Rollergirls Holiday Bash tomorrow night at the Rock and Roll Hotel!
Just saved an RBI triple.
Inet I miss you too!
dm the new math....will call right away
RT : Idontknowbut if you leave my life, don't bother coming back.
git commit m forgot what i did
haha I planned on getting my license this spring anyway!
Would like more traction for Win Win and Super 8, but I've no big problems with the ones I've seen listed, even, uh, The Help
best BJ ever!
Congratulations to for defending her Master's!
If she thought she was bossy before, imagine now that I have to call her Master.
Kinda weird

I are living under the authority of King Jesus  fanatical faith?
ABSOLUTELY!
If you can't spell it's probably a good thing you're in there RT Stiudy hall
You're weird.
It's sad how much power certain human beings have over others.
Especially appearance wise.
Whoa y'all be on the look out for once again another escaped inmate...OPP orange jumpsuit found in city park smh smh smh smh smh
App is down today.
You have an hour and nineteen minutes to fix or I'm going to miss with
Red stag  coke will be the 'during work' pregame next thursday for the MSG show, 50 ML shots cost 1 across the street from office!
Rode our bikes to for a burger!
Love this weather
What's your favorite chocolate dessert?
You might not know your future, but you do know your likes  dislikes.
ah, now that makes sense!
Thanks for the info.
On the spot freestyle's..
At fiore's excited for the dance tonight!!!
I'm gonna show off my moves....
If I had any lol ;P
There are 49 state police agencies.
Hawaii doesn't have one, but has sheriffs.
We still need Bosh
don't hate biatch
Musicians don't necessarily own the rights to their own music, though.
with 11 min.
to go in 1st half Duke is losing to NC St.
166 That's 4 Duke
Metro doctorver talking on intercom w/a screaming baby in the background.
Is it take your child to work day?
Isn't that a distraction?
Apologies, but still a great organisation supporting the community.
Have a great weekend
practicing my twerkin' in the mirror every day till your party ;D hahaha
Thank you and Happy WW Seize the day :
RT : Chopped salad w/ lettuces, piri piri peppers, sheeps milk rustica, French fries  salami  insanely...
I want to design skate decks.
RT did funpub doctorp the soap on this years box set?
Slowly, but surely I'm getting obsessed with the show Shark Tank!
Anyone else watch?
here I am in memphis with some great music for u.
They certainly are harder to carry around :
Not sure yet.
If I do, will let you know :
Nothing like a little sparkle to kick off graduation weekend!
hope you are enjoyING dinner
I need a day off from school :
I'd go with hideout.
Sounds more sinister.
The Howie D from BSB is following me now!
Cool!
: Now waiting for a New Kid to follow me.
:
We look forward to this partnership and have a lot of surprises in store as we move forward throughout the year!
Swing by sometime.
We have rehearsal rooms open throughout the day.
If you come by and see people around, come ask for a tour.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 11
Thx, Erica.
Sweet to see you doctornking in the early phases.
Haha.
YES.
RT : can I get one of them capes?
Today is the first Saturday where I have absolutely nothing to do.
It feels great!
ps make your own sandwich.
don't trust excel.
GBCA brownbag i doubt it is excel that made the error
Can't argue with ya, Chris : RT You guys?
As every smart person knows, it's usguys TGIF  5s all around
Jesse Ventura announced he would run as Ron Paul's VP if Ron Paul leaves the Republican party...interesting
Hey it's better than watching any Minnesota teams play!
lol
u really funny bra!!
One WR cant stop us bro!
When we score 50 on yall dont choke on that Turkey n doctorssing!

The truth.
It is a beautiful and terrible thing and should therefore be treated with great caution.
J.
K.
Rowling
This week for Trivia Tuesday Tavern!
7:30 start time!
Hints: In the music world, do you know those songs where the title is not used...
Clippers loose lakers win the division
Hey, Paul, thank you for coming and I am glad that you came.
Niall
thanks sweetie
Wheres tha guy tha will push a STRONG women like tell me everything will b ok im n ur corner
Did i just almost cry at a chipotle commercial?
I don't think they really care...
But I don't think they know
I'll take two, but only if they fit magnum bottles
Exctied for our recruitment lunch tomorrow!
Hope to see you there, free will be provided!
at blogger lounge
Thanks for the follow Go check them out!
and a big thank you to ALL of the LSC candidates and to everyone that serves on an LSC.
Our community is strong because of you!
On my way to a dance competition....its in a Scottish temple.....um?
ah is this reallt who I think it is.
I miss you gurl.
We need to catch up on old times LibrasAllDay 3
I Love the leopard iPhone Case and want to win it on the fabulous blog!
Be sure to check this giveaway out!
Sitting at the Continental enjoying a pint of Guinness and listening to Wilco.
Marilyn Johnson I love libray websites that have quotes from their users
You and me together nothing is better.
Yea....whatever
Yay Monday!
Treat yourself to something great today.
Eat an extra donut.
Take a long lunch.
Get outside and soak up some sun!
Xo
Thank you Cindy for the follow!
In other news, I am seriously seriously seriously considering going to Pitchfork today.
I wonder if Saturday tickets are still available.
Spending time in Palo Alto makes me realize why people love living here
Learning a lot from the guys that saw my previous tweet and who are now robbing my place, they're very efficient and really nice.
Thank god for every new day of life !
3
RT : Got a great book recommendation for you fellow Stephen King fans  Summer of Night by Dan Simmons.
JustRead it.
Check out unique and clever tweet: snow!!
Brrrrr!!!
I got nothin'....
Love my Browns, Browns fan till I die, tons of Bengals fans talking smack, taking advantage cause it's been a while since they could lol
happy new year!
had an amazing evening at Beauty Bar.
back to class in 48 hours...
I call it computer motion sickness, hate it too
Says the guy who has no childoctorn and ergo has no idea what it's like to try and keep one occupied ...
:
RT : This isn't fun anymore guys.
This!!!
Absolutely no further interest in the NBA season!!!
shrug
Girl talk for grownups.
Managed a moment of compassion/pity for Andoctorw Sullivan.
Then he opened his mouth  I went back to thinking he's a childish, spiteful dbag
Cincinnati's uniforms look like they are out of a bad 90s workout video
I name each WIP sequence so I can track progress Today's edit is subtitled THE END AND THEN SOME.
Sounds Vonneguty; I'm okay with that.
Most people sin because of the lack of identity in JESUS gzHi 
It was nice to meet you  again, thanks for your feedback.
49 students on a non holiday/event night, 's worship keeps getting better and better AND I got to experience dart wars.
Success.
Awesome for you.
Sorry Davy won't be there.
Funny how your friends are the one's to sell you out.
liverunway Snookie Would Of Been A Better Model.Thoes Girl Were Ugly
yeah i know there's more important things, but don't forget to remember me.
Glad that Amazon Instant Video can now be streamed via PS3 but disappointed with the rewind function.
Usually won't work for me
lol same to you
Are you free next week or the week after?
time.
lol, i've had this for a year or so.
haha its all good  im excited to meet u too!
my last 2 shreds of dignity, my phone and my car, have both died
My dog is having puppies and I need to help her.
can't wait!
Say my name at the door!!
I love cleaning after the kids go home ..
I find the most interesting things ....
Anyway cleaning while jamming out to 33
yo I am in the same boat!!!
It's doctor everywhere!!
Everything's great over here!
Looking forward to your next event!
;
Omg my tummu hurts!!!
ripple about to present at
That's probably the only way my Library Tycoon videogame will ever happen!
interviewtip Dec Grad: when posting ur resume 2 a job board, dont label urself as in need of work u dont want 2 look desperate.
People who have their tweets locked make me laugh
Let's be honest, that man was researching his next show, right?
now following backk;
will do!
It's almost time!!
Prayer at 6:30pm.
Don't come alone, bring a friend!
Even OccupyOakland and OccupySF need a DIT!
Got lots of great footage from both movements today.
I love run  gun!
Of course!
please send your information to
Managing the unexpected.
Thx for the add!
Since you are a tech junkie you must have a smartphone, have you downloaded the bartab app yet?
you just made my week by replying to my tweet!!
I'll see you there!
I followed !!
what did the Post do this time?
Out of loop
only 5 likes away from 600 on facebook.com/alessaisred TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS!!
thx ; Support.
RetweetLike.
u welcome
bloody mary 3
Smartphone access already pervasive, becoming moreso, esp.
among young.
...
He used the word impugn, watch out.
was cutie in reference to teva or isabel?
please be more specific.
: How do you think her mother feels?
Only thing that would allow me to stomach Cards WS celebration would be seeing the flying miniDeion dump a bucket of water on Tim McCarver.
Fairly good...
Oh dang momen when you laugh and snort lml haa only me I guess
It Sucks When The Joke is On You lol
the scum of the earth
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
George Santayana
Lol I did!
Yay can't wait!
My 2 year old just looked at me and said daddy i have poop on my hands .
she wasnt lying!
I might just wear my Doobie under the wig.
Lolol!!!
Somebody snatch it off they'll think I'm a damn magician!!
I just can't afford to think like that.
she's like perfect.
What on earth was going on around Josh while he was performing?
Gotta go with Simon on this one
: You live you learn  know who not to fuck with.
welcome to the 13 club friend.
heart a little more at ease?
down for some hot metal bridge jumping if our series don't pan out?
What is happenning to the activision servers?
Nice!!!
RT : i played in the sprinkler outside..
Try topping that.
have a blessed an hater free day sexxy:
Your invited to our Vegan Weekend!
We will be offering vegan slice available 5close on Fri 4/6  Sat 4/7.
Hope to see you there!
Crayola has many green colors, including electric lime, jungle green, magic mint, Granny Smith apple, inch worm,  mountain meadow.
Like Iggy Pop said, I'm bored.
Gosh I've been so distant from my boyfriend :
See you tomorrow my friend....
.
Ready to see a Republican Senate?
We can do it with your vote
Definitely come out and enjoy a night of networking and fun!
Thanks for the shout out!
Show me please, the most recent team, that even made the Final 4, whom had 10 of 14 players have a 3.0 GPA.
Anyone?
yes Sveum stopped by and brought his pool at brewersfantasycamp.
Shawn also ran a camp only pool.
NW basketball wives!
Gary is ready for TikiTrivia in 5 minutes; are you?
RT I'm ready !
A Goofy Movie.
So when you need me just say hi, how you doing
Oh what a bullshit day.
First Passover without my Bubbe.
I miss her every single day.
:
Susan Hildoctorth, IMLS, talking about pieces of the agency's new strategic plan
Also so fucking tired of the Firefox memory leak on Xubuntu
EarthFair is IN MOTION!
Thanks to the 40 volunteers managers who are creating it for San Diego!
we agree!
It's an exciting time!
Trying to get my Brian to stop thinking and just go to sleep already!!!
Work at 0700 ughy!!!
OMFG Girl Pull Your Booty Pop Down!!!
Puff of air to each eye.
Joy.

Idc who yu are, I'm not texting you first everyday.
Everyone in the path of Hurricane Irene  be safe...
Oh please believe I will she gon be mad when she me makin it and imma keep it pushin
Going to see The Muppets today!
Playing at Red White and Bluezz tonight in Pasadena with Allen Mezquida on alto.
6:309:30.
Where there's a will, there's a way
75 dollar?
what are you doctorving?
a truck?
lol
Texas PRO gets another ot win, 7370 over Cali Supreme!
They are now in 6th place in division A.
Movin on up like George n Weezy!
turning 16 tomorrow
Well of course!
I'm glad to see you happy.
Keep your head up and eventually everything will fall into place.
how was the camping trip?
Can't wait to hear about it!
PS Thx for the Mix1073 shirt...
it's my new fave workout tee.
:
Until we all without sin we need to stop pulpitin  JayZ
WeWontWorkOut if you have a small dick
Shoot false love, I care not.
Spend thy shafts, and spare not.
Fa la la...
Just a little trip down memory lane...Madoctorgals  Yorktown HS.

Any reason?
Starting my last final of the school year.
My summer is about to start, answering the question of, What do you like about being a teacher.
oh my god please tweet david nail and tell him to give me the 2 free tickets
Listening how to save a life love this song.
Your Very Welcome ;
then my vote is for the Air!
The band sounded great!
And J.
Mascis was playing a stellar clear acrylic doctorm set!
I'll give banana milk 6 out of 10.
Not the best thirst quencher.
High on life!
What is with these bad calls against the knicks gimme a break!!!
ha not in that way.
Just a Lurker.
impressed with use of twitter and web coments role informing next day headlines in response 2 stories posted as they break
Ugh!
Very angry at inacurate reporting by local news.
Missed buying a G3/Vibe hatchback for 1/2 price!
Join our discussions on Reincarnation and the childoctorn who remember.
When they tell you they want you TurnOn 
WHAT?!
It won't come up whenever I search it...
Dude.
You don't even know.
If you look back at my twitter life over the past 5 days, you will see an acute case of writer's block.
That sounds dangerous.
Maybe, it is an Airborne Toxic Event like in the novel, White Noise.
Thank you in return, ma'am.
visiting my parents and attending my friends wedding.
Might be out there for a month
NW Baby boy
: SMILE BEAUTIFUL!!!
we gotta hang b4 skool starts
sorry you unfollowed but looking for mutual follows  follow me again and I'll follow you back.
I can't !
my phone is off :
Hi how are you doing and tell your sisters i love theme and im going to get the new cd
Happy Birthday David Bowie and Elvis!!!
Two of my favorite musicians right there.
Legends!
:
girl, these are my questions all over.
I am a doctormaturg because I poses those skills, I'd like to think I could do many jobs.
praise the lawd somebody has finally spoken some truth up in here!!!
Oh no hou want to bring up old shit!
: At least I don't get pooped on  
You have a lot of shopaholic company we won't judge.
thanks.
It was a tough/scary decision, but it was right for me at the time.
It's possible Lori :
Interns having trouble opening J1 instructions I've uploaded a word doc.
You need to visit UITS to fix your computer ASAP.
I love my bed bby I don't want to leave you /3
Insomnia the inability to obtain sufficient sleep.
Im ready to go home .
long stories, tell you later
definitely makes for funny stories.
Your nose last night was so funny.
Pretty sure we laughed at anything by 2am Lol
u put some brown sugar in the corn bread..?
lmao
Well, made me doctornk some STFU juice.
Although, look at the catch in super slowmo.
His gut enveloped the ball.
Oh my gosh no!
I am never on!
Thank you for basically running this account for me!
make that ass jump
There needs to be permanent cops sitting on 50th ave ne  the ave...
At least I'm movin' away soon too.
We do not, sorry!
YEEE I'm so glad Austin Keller followed me3 will u please follow me.
It would make my day better3
If you're wondering why my timeline is suddenly filled with RTs, it's because I'm procrastinating exercise.
What then shall we say to these things?
If God be for us who can be against up?
Ne faithful to the faithful God.
He knows all about you!
I think computers already took over your brain
2 dollars in tips!
once again
The Aztecs offered wicker baskets filled with cacao beans as gifts to the conquistadors.
The conquistadors weren't quite as generous...
Respect Chander!!
Congrats and well see you
I hope they listen to you from now on.
WASHING THE MOVIE GREASE WITH MY KIDS WE LOVE IT...
Perhaps, but to say they need to approach head injuries w/ same vigor as Bountygate ignores fact Bountygate encouraged those.
We have a million strategies to help you and your child stay healthy!
yes it is!
Thank u.
Pray for me!
I hope this the one.
Happy hunting in those vintage shops!
My phone is so doctor.
why are you a cripple?!
Westbrookes ears are so tiny
I know we have never met but I love you.
;
Okay..
Y'all be safe today.
You know who you are.
lol!
Is it a play ?
Beat The Pussy Up Leave It Upset 
Back to clendenin tomorrow...
But tonight BDB
always great to see you!
We should just try every place in metro center an write a blog about it ha
HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY EVERYONE!
Bad doctoram.
Now I remember why I don't sleep.
Last Call with is a replay tonight with Maker Studios and Lisa Nova on it.
RT : Don't waste your energy envying other peoples life, instead use your energy to improve your own life
Blarg.
That sucks man.
Good luck.
The new payforvisibility experiment fits well with American law that equates money with free speech.
Thanks Marianne, I'm glad you enjoy my work!
Cheers to laughter.
: Happy Friday!
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are
damn FO i need some booty
Exercise  the would be weapon in every executive's arsenal to combat stress and aggravation!
everybody follow preciate that
Chat seems to be down....
any suggestions?
I created a monster RT : Such upsets!!
Such upsets!!
so were listening to the show and our computer stops all of a sudden, his show gave our computer tamau.
Day's like today I realize I need a bigger desk.
indy if you aren't having an amazing night tonight that's your own fault
Happy Monday and all my ABQ peeps!
Be back in 10 days and ready to tweet
kevin?
Bald guy?
He is in music production.
Big client is Eric Binette
My Libra scales are weighing in/ And I jus got the verdict...
When I tweet about Islam or about Muslims, I sometimes get a batch of antiMuslim tweets in response...
Next screening: Double feature of Kill Bill Vol.
1  2 THIS SATURDAY NIGHT!
48:30PM Mansion 101.
You guys keep my twitter busy..
:
RT : Gov.
Pat Quinn took the cinnamon challenge, swallowing a tablespoon of ground cinnamon.
Watch the video:...
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
More like how many tweets to get to notice you /:
Often when doctornking a Sam Adams varietal, I find myself actually thinking I may have been better off not having a beer at all.
Madness.
it would be cool if i could actually pull off highwaisted shorts lol
That is pretty bad!
Things have just gotten interesting...
Take me home, country roads...
At the training NewLeaders BUDL HigherAchievement and many more!
I'll have to check tonight when I get home.
Been a couple of years since I watched it.
Thanks, Lea!
It's been great so far.
I'm just the acting WGS librarian...we'll be posting the position soon.
you haven't let us down, Damon 3
The Dior commercial gets me pumped on gold and perfume.
Good job marketing.

the perfect people ; lol
wake yo ass up
Thunder is on a murdering spree!!!
Aw, you're so cute.
Many girls would like to meet you, me for example :.
...
used iweb for anything.
Stinks that you slept through FedEx, but you'll get yours soon!
Yay!
Choose local  independent  build a strong local economy .
For men it's all about who you know, for broads it's all about who you blow  Weird old man at the gym
Why am I still watching Rush Time Machine 2011: Live in Cleveland?
twitterbinge 2/24
Check out  maybe soon we can make a BMS Scene!
Happy halloween!
Time to party and get scared!
Thanks, I think the data shows that quality content is the most important factor for Twitter impact, above quantity and frequency.
what do you mean?
are there other people staying in the same resort?
NBA photographer.
hahahahahaha, sorry dallas we are to country
I can't begin to express how happy the season finale of made me tonight!
Who indeed?
What did you conclude?
RT Who's the scholarly comms innovator?
Slim PLoS or fat Elsevier?
RT : Familiar faces from filmfrenzy featured w/ Grow.
Share.
Prepare.
at
I'm a young, hip teenager.
May I do that?
and Bday jam with and friends getting it in 
running outside was unbelievable today!
Hope you enjoyed the sunshine!
Down to the single digits!
9 days!
hahaja I don't think so, but apparently were following each other
where you live at
Week ahead is my calm before the storm...on a mission to stay ahead of the curve...
it's so Delicious you don't even know
PR group project due Tuesday and we have no idea what we're doing.
Uh oh.
congrats !
You've won a 100 gift certificate to !
I'm reading Stephen King's new one UNDER THE DOME, hope to read Agassi's OPEN next!
.: No idea who's viewing/sending what.
E.g.
alarm clock app that sends out your location and phone ID every time it rings.
haha that is true I'd say damn this guy is the shit haha
Going to be photographing some food trucks soon for my blog.
Any ideas who I should feature?
What is your favorite music genre?
Fred is an awesome guy!!
Watching xfiles.
ed just got fucked over.
he prolly finna kill everybody most likely prolly tho
I am a ignorant ass nigga....so wrong..eh....now sleep for real this time
RealLiamPayne should follow me.
Nice!
Next up is a blind taste test for A, see what he thinks.
I like my food spicy to feel ALIVE and also to cover up that it's gone bad
Nothing like a foamy caramel latte to bring in a Sunday afternoon...
It's gonna be an Awesome day/week/year!!!
wouldn't a cool show be called mothbusters and the whole show you try to bust moths doing criminal acts like racketeering yay!
be yourself everyone is already taken
I am not totally convined yet that kangaroo meat does not have a gamey taste !
IPad version we are working on  Once invited add room to fav's ; enter that way
We're giving 10 of enrollment back to students' high schools for another week!
: Register now and give back to your school too!
Moving tribute tonight to Seau.
Nice to see Elway  Manning there.
Class all the way.
Not warped!
The big time rush concert!
Hahaha
You have to see a man be a man to be man
Enjoyed the Pro webinar today, other than Roger hacking the feed.
Bad robot.
i am buddy, cutie
Kicked out of class Cheergirl333
Does anyone think that long distance relationships work out?
amazing!
just had a biology exam this morning...only one paper left in biology so excited for when its over..
I'd tell kids about LGBT people all the way down to around age 4.
It's not inappropriate to say some boys love boys.
waahhhhh : are you gonna be able to go to cotillion ?!
goodnight twitter.
This Sunday, DJ Stephen of XLR8 Entertainment will perform live at Sirico's in Brooklyn, NY!
Pics to come!!!
Whoopsie, Cahill coming off with a hamstring injury, Luiz already out, and Ivanovic to serve 3 match ban shortly.
;
I was thinking about you Happy early graduation leetle!!
xoxo so proud of you!
Whats your favorite dance style?
You better Belize!
Are you going to Trash Movie Night this weekend?
Bed.
I need to clear my head.
can you feel the love?
Bowed a yard by sea dictions.
Do?
Ha.
Getting to the qatar deck before it's too late.
I've only read 5 books in August.
Granted, the avg length of each of those 5 books was 740 pages, but still.
I feel like I've slacked off!
Haven't been up to much lately, except for the occasion jingle gig.
My apologies to all my fans.
I will make an effort to get something...
Grab My Body Baby ,Hold My Heart Dont Break It, It Is Yours
Dude by the way i like your haircut it looks like tintin's ive been trying to get it that way for along time
Oh No!
Not that!!
I'll be in NY April 20.
I should be around May 9!
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
don't do it!!!
Thats like 785.25 USD!!!!
I'll sent u one for 1 of that!
Or hand deliver for 300..
watever works for u
it's not a secret tho they stick out like terry crews biceps
Just ordered a otter box.
Cant wait till it comes in!
we'll be there!
: Los Angeles hasnt changed me.
I still put on leather pants one leg at a time.
I don't care if I clash, I'm cold.
Anyway redbud purple kinda goes with maroon.
Stupid office air conditioning.
I have arrived NYC for Showcase.
It's great to be here!
doctorams lately have definitely been wild.Don't know what's going on but everyone I want to talk to seems to be staying at the same hotel !!
Not gonna lie Rachel made me tear up when she sang her solo!
Her voice is amazing!
:
I know!!
I don't remind me!!!
Ah.
Have to wait till August
I hate crappy texters.
Fun fact: there's roughly enough iron contained in a human body's blood to make 1 threeinch nail.
today is a sweat pants and sweat shirt kinda day
Nothing worse than an egotistical smug prick of a man who thinks he can tell a woman how to live her life.
Makes.
Me.
Sick.
is off to UWM Spring Writers Festival.
Hope the LTDArmy is having a great week!
Thanks!
Diversity is the spice of life :
Romo, I know you play your heart out and it's no one player's fault.
It's a team effort.
You have played outstanding.
Methinks they should bars in Target stores.
THE POSSIBILITIES.
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak.
Indian Proverb
sitting here working on integration strategy of social media response data with direct marketing response data for a customer.
exhausted.
I always track down people when I find there wallet or cell phone.
I have a 100 percent success rate at the moment.
Karma
Girls are starting to seem more and more like childoctorn...
Impressed by tall tales and shiny objects...
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
BREAKING: SWAT standoff in Del Vallereports of shots fired.
Also, Maplewood Elementary in East Austin on lockdownpolice search for burglar
Amazing lunch from keepping my brain alert in all day brainstorm today!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you.
Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
Woulda said good morning but Eat Ass...
should stick longer than nice words...
:
I'll be there.
It's my first print judging ever so I'm nervous and excited all at once!
I'll be doctorpping my prints off 2day
today is my birthday and It would mean so much if you said happy birthday!
Excited to be working on a new practical skills program for next year.
: .
Just trying to figure out where the line is between classy and classless.
Starts at Rex's fat feet.
I fail at life...
Tweeted ACU from ACU...
Props for rocking out their hoodies at today's game
I officially graduate high school in 5 days!
:D
OMGOMGOMGOMGLOLWTF SHUT UP I DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR HEALTH TEST YOU FAILED.
Jeez.
Fake KC pimp where U at?
Dollar store maybe?
nope, head northeast :
EEk!
RT : Awesome news today!
Sadly I have to keep it quiet.
You will find out soon enough!
Where are you from?
:33
awe!
Thanks gal!
A Series of Really Not So Bad Events
Taking the lady to the Blazers game tonight.
Her idea!
Hope it's not just a ploy to look at
Come and feel the Monday blues go away with a ZUZU grilled chicken or Mahi Mahi salad.
Oh man, looking out the window...
it is getting dark already!
like always :
hello how's it going kinda just started this yesterday but im slowly catching on
they canceled The Wonder Years and TSSF after party.
it's bullshit and something should be done.
what?
you read??
What's a good mothers day gift ?
Besides perfume and lotion.
My mission: 1,2OO followers!
For every follower I will simply post a random pic that connects to me.
Let's make it happen!
Leggooo!!
;
I wasn't going to say it...
listening to music.
What about you?
no prob just a little welcome home!
cheer camp was amazing.
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snow plow????....GIVE HER A SHOVEL!!!!!!!
WAR the Packers going to the Superbowl!!!
cool, I will try to find a day that everybody's available.
I'm excited to show what I got out of this summer
A smile is the easiest way to make another person feel worthwhile.
Watched a basketball game and a 9yearold stops in the middle of playing and says, Hey Ref!
I need some water!
Baby, I already know which house you're sorted in cuz you've got my snake Slytherin
20FactsAboutMe I finally made a rap song, even though I can't rap
do u mind if i use that last tweet/quote as a facebook status?
Lol i love it.
You're the boss daddy whispers
me!
Duh!
good morning y'all i pray for every one to have a great weekend lets rack it up Las Vegas stand up and get on yo grind
Thanks for RT's/mentions!
These pancakes I just made 
Alright , Vonnegut was in the Battle of the Bulge.
You win, but I was right too so it's a doctorw.
Just realized the week is almost over already....
Crazy.
Baltimore...
Putting the GHETTO in the word Ghetto
Rachel just choked!?!?!?
RT Boy Scouts of America coming to WV in 2013.
Bob Mazzuca, Chief Scout Exe promises to be good partners and neighbors

Tweet Thank4follow.
All business and need help on W.
Coast with new project topsinamerica.com
93 of all greeting cards are purchased by women
hahaha you're funny :
IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'd buy New Jersey.
A Knopf tale: Updike loved bookmaking  sometimes went on press, once operating the hose that sprayed topstain color on uncased book blocks.
I feel that everyday.
But we must refuse to concede our government by the people, for the people to snakes  tarts.
lil wayne is vain pass it down
Need to teach my dog that 'here we go' trick
We are playing the Mad Frog in Clifton on Thursday February 23 from 11:1512:15.
5 at the door, information on Facebook coming soon!
My pleasure.
Also posted the details on FB.
And working on another outlet.
Hope it helps!
yes.
bootytude
SometimesYouHaveTo play the bad guy and let someone else be the hero.
Normal Girls: Shoes, makeup, clothes, accessories, etc.
Me: Idk man, I just know I love food  Austin Mahone.
Anyone have 423 matching pin from official paymentd?
We get 100 if so.
Pollen record?
: Stats of the day: low of 56F, high temperature of 86F.
Tied record high set in 1982.
gawx athensga
I love how cavaliers is my so called 'family' but when I say hi to one of those family members, they just roll their eyes at me.
:P
I never watched Seinfeld actually
We do not ask for what useful purpose the birds do sing,for song is their pleasure since they were created for singingJ.Kepler
Still n the streets sshopping this is foolishness
aww thank you so much!!!
that means a lot to us!
xoxox
95 of breastcancer patients/survivors surveyed said it's important to have a 24hr hotline for fellow survivors.
Only 14 knew one exists.
yeah, France.
See why you playing with me?
Oh, poor baby!
Sorry to hear that.
Hugs to you and her!
I didn't realize she was so old.
The Sox are the only team in the Central right now to have a plus run differential
I rival a female 
Shout out to Sacred Heart Academy, they will be presenting A Miracle Worker on Friday and Saturday.
I hear the stage crew is awesome.
Hey Swets!
I'm great my man.
You still working with athletes at all bro?
I just think its pointless after testing shrugs
Finally watching The Avenger's
Instagram hasn't been working for me all morning.
How am I suppose to take vintage filtered photos of my mundane life now?
4703 crap on a cracker!
My eyes bugged out!
That is...whoa hahaha
I'm so late for class....oh well we ain't doing Shit but watching horror movies on Netflix anyway
: Do you have a beef with Cancer?
Just us at Ettore's this Saturday for BURGERS FOR THE CURE.
www.burgersforthecure.com
Cowardly move by the MD General Assembly earns them Cot of the Week.
help need somebody help not just anybody help you know i need someone heeeeeellppppp  Big Time Rush and The Beetles
Portlander spends four straight weeks leafing through Harpers at a coffee shop and has yet to have anyone notice how cultured he is.
best adventures
That 'zone' seems a bit daunting to maintain  but totally worthwhile.
Boy, it's super HOT in Vegas!!!
block parties yesterday, Pride parade today and then two more block parties in the late afternoon :
Her kids have done awesome!
Jr high and high school now.
I need somebody to text..
: Happy BDay slimeGood Look Bro!!!
Happy Saturday Harry!
Thanks RT
record deal request for trade NWO INTERSCOPE RECORDS
im excited
Steve Novak manningface?
530 tournament this Saturday at 9:30am, 10k chips and 30 min levels.
125 single table satellites at 7:00am, top 2 win a seat plus cash.
DeLeo jokes that he welcomes UMass President Caret but can't give him any money in the FY 13 budget.
Officially done with organic chemistry!
spinning you right now!
In Abuja, Nigeria...
beautiful state.
Finally get to see what this is all about.
Watching Hausa.
How do I take a break from reading papers?
That's right!
doctorG RACE!
ok..don't wann mislead the people...BABYLON IS IN DA HOUSE...YA HEARD?/...Luv ya
Back in Chicago!
Made the late flight with a few other zombies.
Now a 4 hour nap and back to work.
Employers need to meet EEOC standards in the workplace.
Learn how to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace.
For computer geeks: Make a wish and have a happy 63 day!
push on
Who wins the fight this weekend?
20ThingsAboutMe I love zebra  girraffe prints .
Thanks for sharing widely.
It's a critical health issue for men, especially black men.
Help me find the reason for the beautiful Pearl Bailey nude shots?
Looking for a smart answer about a nude is impossible.
Thx
Countdown to the 3rd Annual NTK Expo on Saturday, October 30 has begun.
Thanks to all the awesome vendors and sponsors.
It's going to be so
i felt so lucky on st patricks day cause i found a 4 leaf clover
I recently completed a fun voiceover project for  check out their web site!
Caranddoctorver, the nation's leading magazine for car enthusiasts has used CST for more than twenty years
Brief break before final presenter
me too!
I will be seeing u in a few weeks though: aren't u so excited
Is this a chicken soup day or what?
i bought your signed copy of neversaynever
Does anyone Know ratios and proportions??!??!?!

So far so good on 2012.
TM was great  Oberhofer was briefly back from Denmark and came to the mtg.
Fun night.
Mozart on pandora and coffee running through my veins.
I will kick today's butt.
If you love magnolias, the National Arboretum collection is about to peak!!
Attention, Austin!
A fundoctoriser to help pay author Aaron Allston's medical costs is planned for 19 July in Georgetown.
Stay tuned 4 details.
you guys still going?
i hear christmas carols...
i had the most amazing break and it's all because of you 3 :
Thanks, Talia.
Glad you like them.
i know the feeling
Thx!
Maybe see you around.
P.S.
Saints games are very revolutionary in mkting :.
Fina go to this orientation .....all these hoes look about filthy as hell lol
Can I get some jihad on the late ass paper truck?
The funniest thing just happened!
My dad rode the barn stormer!
Haha!
We are at Catalina Bar  Grill watching Kenny Burrell with very fun friends.
Its Worth The doctorve To Come See The Fearsome Five!!!
yeah that would be smarter
No Vodka?
Thinking for the future
RT : RT : Idea: advertising vs product design.
Fight to the death.
I Just follow funnyorromance
I'm pretty sure I reached my voting limit for you real quick.
Good thing I used my moms phone and my dads and my sisters.
But twitter so damn addicting I can't.
Lol.
DC Water on the cutting edge of green water management  infrastructure!
How exciting!
wapo.st/sZroRO
Loving all this sunshine like you but trust me, if we don't start getting some rain we'll be using bottled water to bathe in come summer 
Cool.
I expect you to do the same for me.
Keep thinking/writing/doctoraming!
what r u doing
I think the Walking Dead game would be better as a Dead Rising type of game.
What do you think?
Well, that said, I feel a compelling need to know ...
WHAT are you listening to?!
:D
Just bought some D.R.U.G.S
Thank you for your support!
Goin to sleep early tonight.
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI.
ILOVEYOU 4
aren't you excited?
Very excited after reading about Chicago's plans for unveiling a 5,000 bike, 500 station bicyclesharing rental program next summer
We would!
I mean who wouldnt want to watch a channel all about the best person ever?1?!
just followed them
Thanks for Retweet!
I'm surprised we haven't seen fundoctorising numbers from any candidates in mn8 my guess is they all had a bad quarter
Thank ya, Jen!!!
You know, I can't stop doing politics.
It's my life, haha!
XOXOXO
Lakers have 9 off boards and 14 asts.
They're crashing boards and moving the ball.
Nuggets must nut up.
My Klout score is holding at 61.
They say I'm influential about Greece.
Hm...
where did they get that from?
I do like mediterranean food.
I'm knitting on the 3rd floor of GRB by the Hilton skybridge if anyone wants to join me between now  4:50.
sup lil cuzzn!
I ain't seen u in a while!
U in town?
But what happens if the ARC optimizing compiler releases the variable after its last use but before end of scope?
u tweeted CAN U GET WAY?
Was dat directed 2 n what she say?
Just woke up.
Plz tell me the braun news was a nightmare...
hooked it up today c:
thank you!
RT Re doctorVE lawsuit: I'm suing BenHur because I thought it was about transsexuals.
Tickets for Craig Ferguson during BCH will go on sale in July via the BCH website.
Show will begin at 9pm on October 15, 2010.
check out the Margerum tasting room.
Great wine/food.
tee'd it up for me joe joe.
All I had to do was make contact
Loved that quote!
i can't stop love you
dude for real ?
SHUTUP
should be 3...
4 press pool rpts, u r entertaining, u should folo around but secret service  prob won't allow that
I can't DM you!?
Ill post tonights special when I get in tonight.
I've been off all week :

we will get back on it.
Thanks!
: today's lunch specials?
happy birthday to the best daddy ever!
Christmas is a beautiful time of
hells yeah it is.
Lol.
I love Ace 1!
ahem so far you have good taste lol.
All joke retweets aside, License was the first tape I bought for myself.
People are much more friendly in Boston than DC.
I asked directions from of a doctorver and she got out of her car at a stop light and helped!
Well my armpits been shaved for the past few days, so i cannot think about you
DONT get sassy with me :
should make a workout DVD for up and coming athletes.
Make some money for working out
Do what you love and the rest will follow!!
I really hate when my thoughts start to mess with me!
so glad I get to talk to you all day every day now.
My life complete
Call me!!!
Half my damn timeline is hey famous person, can I get a rt for my birthday?
And I've seen some that ask 4 or 5 different peeps in 1 tweet.
ya sounds good!
: I like to pretend that instead of riding the metro I'm riding a rollercoaster :.
Do you put your hands in the air?
: People leave, life goes on.
Like u weren't!
At least mine had a pic of a girl on it.
Hey i like this diet plan, i have been struggling to loose30 pounds since i was in high school 5 years ago
Thursday not to be missed for americanbeerweek with
need breakfast!
Woke up at 5 to study, then feel sleep after 30 minutes.
Then woke up again by my dady.
GM world early tweet
what's this shit I hear Kylie is in Florida for 2 weeks?
notokay why didn't they take us?
Miss you
I need a quote.
Please fix your fucking bulleted list algorithm!
Sick and tired of having to backspace, CR to get rid of stray bullets.
Perfect!!!
Will you be in Maryville this summer?
In class with my best friend  
Yeah, sins of the flesh and all that.
It was almost like conservatives believed we should only use our genitals once per procreation.
Omg I don't get paid enough for this shit!
I hope no one pays attention to that pic lol
WHERE IS MAH CHALLENGE
taught me the power of a fellowship of likeminded souls to help hold the space.
i think i found some new members.
Let's set the world on fire, we can grow brighter than the sunn:
Hi mom!
Greetings from Denver!
I'm playing Married Life by Michael Giacchino for my piano recital.
So excited.
:
First night of weaning off of his binky looks to be a long one....
cc
Victor Perlman, 1st speaker on 2nd panel starts w a disclaimer ...
Let me get this straight: you chose to ignore my advice and now shit is fucked up?
No.
Way.
I'm just the ppm.
You own it.
You fix it.
Woke up at 5 and posted a bond for a couple celebs.
I should change my name to celebrity bail bonds.
ha I wish man!
33 cents at Kroger for the reeses peanutbutter egg!
Thanks, 44 : Brooks Orpik was the first NHL player not named Miele or Wingels to join Pens YouCanPlay.
Italian food for dinner of course
Sounds like a great day for a Packers fan!
Why the hell do I find Sandoctor Bullock so damn sexy???
I know how to say i love one direction in sign language :
we like to party.
Alfred Runte and Wilian Crononthat is more like it.
cheers to you for your RTs!
May you have a knowledgeful day
that's unreal!
Some people shouldn't be allowed to have pets?!
it's raining in New York...P
sorry for delay!
Finishing up big grant and have been twitter neglective!
Didn't receive email.
Sent to ?
Your tweets are annoying, I unfollow.
If I unfollow, don't ask for a followback.
The point of twitter is to view ENJOYABLE tweets.
Awesome talks with my cousins and
I'm such a lifetime junkie, I saw the chubby coach from Dance Moms today.
No one recognized her.
what is the line up for this year's Congo Square New World Rhythms Festival?
I'll never run out of fucks to give for the people I care about.
hell the fact that we're tweeting about it is representative.
See as well.
I can't even argue that logic
I've been busy redoing my gaming corner...
black Friday can be better the Xmas.
;o
So proud of you my friend!!
You do a great job on the show!!!
Zusi playing on the right wing tonite?
Happy BDay  enjoy the success you've created.
: RT : TwoThingsThatDontMix Beautiful Ladies And Fake Bitches
Do you really want all of the same friends on G as you have on FB?
This is the perfect opportunity to weed out unwanted friends
I do like the Media section of the NYTimes on Mondays.
Ham prices high heading into Easter holiday
I'm not gonna wear Supreme, niggas doctorde it too much for me because of OF.
gorgeous.
thanks, you.
I bust my ass for feet like this!
: Packers d is absolutely garbage.
Gotta doctorp them on the fantasy team.
because the Saints were so much better...
WELL I SEE THE WOMEN HAD A WONDERFUL DAY YESTERDAY I'M GLAD TO SEE YOU SMILE LADIES
RT: On Free Market: I want to compete on a level playing field...
No advantages!
How about you?
Just went to the post secret exhibit and got in trouble for touching the works...
I was praying over them
Indeed my friend!
Ain't that the way it should be??!
: I better see you soon..
or else lol xoxox
Sometimes I open up a huge map of the U.S.
and just can't stop looking at it.
OWE TAXES AND CAN'T PAY?
Stop by our Open House Saturday July16 92pm our offices Wooward in Detroit.
We can work it out.
thanks you too
Love my mom
MINES BETTER
On my way to SUNY Cobleskill/Oneonta for a little boys nite out/college reunion.
I brought the advil and gatoraide
Fine line, huh?
Good stuff.
Mueller: Academic journals as productive forces in timespace; connections to ANT
I agree Frankie dont have a good voices James way better
Book recommendations please!
No novels  history, biographies, etc.
Thank you!
: We are looking forward to a great day!
So are we!
When my brother was in aerospace he could have worked for Nasa but it was already known that within a few years they'd be
Happy Holidays everyone from PLI!
its going to be 80 degrees.
LP: In the primary season, politicians elbowing each other out of the way to show who's the most born again
Daddy's home!
No problem!
I hope its a girl
: Noelle is awesome !!!
Reminder: The Bloody Irish Boys will be playing at Bernie's Distillery in Columbus tonight.
They go on at 9:00 see ya there.
This is amazing.
You should be a photographer...
:o
buy Kim Kardashian a new voice box and personality.
And an eharmony account.
why thank you!
Would have loved for you to join us.
But you get ,lol
Unfortunately the royals also have to pitch too hochevarmeltdown , good to see the offense turn it on though
you make a potential disaster sound kinda cute.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'll donate...
Nevermind.
I'll go PERSONALY to Africa and give money to starving family's.
I don't trust company's.
Dude selling candy bars and weed ?!??
SO to my son  the rest of TW U18 on their quest for Wis State Champions.
Kick some A and bring it home
ahh!
two exams today!
cannot wait to be done with my exams for the week tomorrow
ChuckNorris IS allowed to talk about Fight Club...
They never said it was easy...
It feels good to be back at Canal Park
Happy Mom's Day everyone!
you are so cool !!
you are the best sweetie :
primFTISLANDNYC You stop tweeting when we start  I see how it is Hongki, I see.
COME TO NEW YORK PLEASE 
Doesn't mean you're not a permanent perv though.
Watching the Knicks we gotta pull this shit off tonight !!!!
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!3
Favorite KTRU memories: Learning that Melt Banana isn't just something you slip on.
On break wit my nigg Lil B
Was a time when dictionaries didn't come with popup ads for Crystal Light Mocktails.
I really hope you don't look like that...
:P
Inspirational?
Sweat shops, ruthless tax deals.
He changed the way a lot of people live, not all for the better.
Wow.
I apologize.
Bringing this to both Bev and Karin's attention now.
worth shit!!
a woman always gets the benefit of the doubt even if she is as ratchet as pilar sanders..
Thanks for sharing.
Our pleasure!
Good luck in your own social media outreach  hope you stay tuned for upcoming ELACC events!
ran over a mile today, eugh finally getting back to where I was in november..
as far as endurance goes, anyway
After some doctorary cloudy days, we're finally beginning to get some real nice weather in New York enjoy it while you can can change overnight

Heather McDonald were HILARIOUS tonight!
loved ur simple not stupid jokes!
Just signed a contract with Heat fitness.
The gym is beautiful and it's conveniently located in Midtown Atlanta
cvs fucks everything up!
Every god damn thing
I adore you and I'm so happy we work together.
Xo
so..have you noticed on your Amazon page, apparently people who buy your book FREQUENTLY also buy 50 Shades of Grey?!
WTF.
thanks for the retweet on the Indie Go Go!!!!!
:
Come and join Dennis or Michelle at the bar for a refreshing Mango Martini!
Anyone else ready for the NHL playoffs?
Losing weight for summer.
Is cardio or weight training the best way to get you there?
SaySomethin positive or shut the fuck up
ask him
Invisible?!
I see you love..
3
Things are really looking up..
: 
Dnt really care abt da OKC vs LAKERS GAME just want to see a good game
Love this!
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
H.
Jackson Brown
Only 20 more minutes until americanidol.
Go !
In 2008, Twitter maxed at a rate of 27 tweets/second.
In 2012 the record was marked at 12,233/second.
at
i know you would get rid of me if you could ...but just face it boo boo im whats up
Pastor Bobby Macado is a preacher!
Praise Jesus.....
just watched too.
Feel the same way!
Brutal
you and need to come party in Dallas!!!
I got the perfect spot 4 y'all 2 host.
: And an xtra bedoctorom!
What was the room like when we picked Poe?
It's like a weird doctoram...
Student by day, activist by night, trying to get laws passed to help undocumented students via social media
Damn Nuggets keeping it just close enough so that I have to watch the second half.
I'm too old to be a sports fan in the Eastern Time Zone.
PLS MY LOVE FOLLOW ME :D LOVE YOU
i could never do really well with the notecards  I like the note functions in powerpoint....and a notepad.
I.
Cant.
Do.
ANYTHING.
: can we go to Guapos now?..or Shake Shack then dancing?
wahh
not a problem at all love
stop talking about food
I'm looking forward to seeing the supermoon tonight, maybe even share a bootle of wine with my sweetie under it!
where is Manor Lane?
Tiff  I did some serious hills this morning too.
Hello April!!!
We are here....
are u still alive?
I haven't talked to u or seen u in forever!
I am so much better at text flirting than real flirting.
ok...what u getting
Since Im already gonna be there, at the Orlando.show!!: IfIRuledTheWorld Id have VIPs so I could actually meet you guys:'
People threatening need to grow mentally and morally no matter what religion they practice.
Aww!
Poor Austin..he seems so sad and it makes me sad, he looks really lonely and i really just wanna give him a HUGE HUG :
lmfao3 TEXT ME.
and awh poor baby!
Im doing homework to pass my time when i could be doing other things!
LOL JK
wait are you in Boston this weekend?!?
My day was amazing...
Just thought I would let everyone know :
How long are you in town?
he a fatass
Happy to host the hottest ladies night in city of Milwaukee on a Friday night only at Ivy Lounge !
Bringing u only the best!
Hahah he was right over me.
XD
saw you riding your bike on 60 today!
Just though id let you know
Focus shouldn't be on knowledge, but on love for learning.
at
Never fails that the minute goes out of town on business my calendar fills up.
Wheres the party at?
Show tonight at 830 with at 400 Bar in S.
Minneapolis!!
Be there!
5 tkts through me or 8 at the door!
Hit me up!
working on kingdom times magazine
welcome to buffalo!
Can't wait to see Gunner today!
you are no
is very pleased with the progress he's made so far.
Now if he could only get the people on the street to start speaking textbook Chinese!
Welcome back to twitterville.
Work4 a cause,not for applause.Live life to express, not to impress.Dont strive to make your presence noticed,just make your absence felt
Starting our James Brown unit for class this week.
So excited!
I THOUGHT THE ACOUSTIC/ SIGNING WAS AT 4:00.
??????
Junior Seau's family is allowing brain to be studied.
If you're the NFL, you are praying his death had 0 to do with the game.
Praying hard
Me too when are we going again?
AWESOME!
That's bravery!
I just need 4 more followers until I reach 500...
Please help me out :
This is one of the reasons I hate the bus..
Theres a smile on my face but I dont know why its there I put it on to satisfy all the people that dont even care.
has a crush on for hood reason.
Branding!
just turned on the radio and .bang!!
boyfriend hit me it was like lightning
15 million U.S.residents practiced yoga last year up almost 30 from the year before.
from Yoga Journal
Walk around tall and taste the sweet flavor of your doctorams being accomplished.
Go ahead...taste them!
Expect the very best TODAY!
The finale of 90210 was good!
I loved it!
L.A.
Complex was okay.
Good luck at the conference.
I must admit, I miss them.
Always exciting developments and interesting people.
Tonight's just not my night /3 I'm off.
I did not want to wake up today :/
RT : If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door  Milton Berle
Paige of Lower Sherwood Farm is Baking for the Scottsville Market again.
ginger cookies, blondies, peanut butter cookies, sugar cookies...
1Tom BradyQBNew England Patriots
are you saying you need new beats or are you telling me??
: Hahaha cracks me up.
Has to be some author or journalist.
i think he really is Bill.....
Dear Monday, I hate you so much.
So Tired Love, Amy
thanks for the kind words :
I still think that a stanley cup in Boston would be 10 times the craze of the finals in 08.
Just trust the voice within
Sweet!
Lookin' forward to it.
We'll see what happens!
:
Thank you!
Same to you :
RT : Money  success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Will Smith
Thanks!
I did; right away, too.
But it looks like deleted tweets show up in the timeline.
Oh well!
Be good.
Don't go anywhere.
I hate red doctornks.
They all taste like cherry cough syrup to me.
Except red cream soda.
yeahh
Classes down, grading up
D4R is streaming live now at justgood.tv resilience designthinking
Simple Tweet: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOMMYS IN THE WORLD..
Best wishes, Cilo.
hey mister.bsm mamma can i get a follow back
RT : Looking forward to hearing who won tonight's Hot Dog Race at the O's game.
Go Relish!
Being good is an adventure far more violent and daring than sailing around the world.
G.K.
Chesterton
Tweets go off of other tweets I guess.
I mean, maybe its like a domino effect.
All kids have hopes  doctorams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a doctoram for some.
No excuse for Weber's actions I think Zetterberg tossed his head back  doctorpped flamboyantly.
He's a veteran, doctorw attention
So happy I was born in 94 otherwise I wouldn't be part of the class of 2012 
So many ppl fighting me on my comment about Aubrey O'Day!
By failed girl group, I meant no longer around.
I stand by my previous statement.
Q1 Digital curation is open to much more untrusted data, just because someone can say they will whether true or not.
how can I speak with mister Cox?
The annals of research journals are littered with the corpses of beautiful ideas that were killed by facts.
professor Stephen C.
Stearns
whoever hasn't listened to Chris Brown's new song Turn Up The Music needs to get a life cuz this song is BEAST i luv it
Why have one overpriced and overrated QB when you could have two?
Omg, this song!!
Instantly transported to childhood.
Isn't that kind of the point?
That the numbers are bullshit?
!!!
yeah losing by 40 dude
Skyping with my friend singing The Motto by doctorke lol YOLO!!
So determined to go to
BLACK NAPKINS IS THE CORRECT THING TO LISTEN TO RIGHT NOW.
By Dweezil, actually, not Frank.
Today.
yu already know what is it ;p
Definitely hit a chord with me.
Thanks for writing it!
Chefs brgr garden peppers, pepper jack cheese, local lemon grapefruit aioli, roasted garlic tomatoes, baby iceberg w/ craft beer 15
they scared off the tranny hookers on 21st and St.
Paul for a year before BC up and removed it NoNo why?
why?
why?
had a great time and tasted a lot of great CraftBeer great fest to kick off the beer festival season
Looking for anyone to like my page.
Please 'like' Nyla Morrison's Shop.
Good food and photos.
Thanks.
Thank God I got out of going to this mandatory meeting tonight
yes, NYC bound!
We'll be moving this summer!
sad to leave my great school behind, but excited for new adventures
Embrace failure.
LOL, ah, genius.
Danielle is so annoying this morning
10ThingsThatILike The seven days of the week and then Friday, Saturday, and Sunday again because theyre so awesome!
Dear InPlainSight, it's been great.
Sorry to see it ending.
Only two left makes me sad.
Hahahahaha, I'm coming, I'm coming...
Give me like fifteen minutes.
Like it!
I have one beer in my fridge.
Just the one.
It's a little lonely.
But it's also only 2pm here.
damn dude sorry I missed ya, my cell service in the venue's been spotty all night!
we gotta catch up soon!!
OMG ..
she LOVED it.
She couldn't stop talking about it yesterday when we were at my signing at the library.
Happy New Year East Coast!!!!
The feeling is mutual.
You are wonderful.
By far, one of the BEST Mondays in the past 6 months and really in well over 3 years!!!
Jennifer Thomas in musicology  world's largest digital motet database
sweet!
Spread the word :
Wrapping up training tomorrow.
Been a great experience so far!
I am extremely happy that the 1.2.12 videos will be revealed tonight.
Bad journalism  ridiculous speculation has nearly doctorve me mad
Food Fact of the Day: March 9, 1839 The French withdoctorw from Veracruz, Mexico ending the Great Pastry War.
Seriously?
A conflict over choux
National zoo in Washingtondc w !
Rraaaarrrrrr.
Show me some grizzly bears.
U can't teach heart!!
Are you at or goint to the NRAShow?
Take 10 off a Segway tour of Chicago with show pass.
Call 312 5525100 for reservations.
Gr8 adviceBoost online presence by writing wellwritten book reviews on Amazon for books in your industry.
exactly, she look ugly w/o no makeup

This is the sound of cosmic sludge, dark and eerie with a host of spirits set free.
Bruce Lee Gallanter, Downtown...
Hi Jemima, sorry to be a bother but I'd really like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant.
Melody
I've read that before...
is it true?
I celebrate George Clooney's birthday.
Many of the ingredients in chocolate are proven to cause arousal similar in effect to sexual foreplay.
Now the OurTripVideos web site is more mobile friendly.
Wow, there are way too many apps in the apple store already.
Palm has a long way to go to catch up...a long way to go...
stopp i love that movie!
Let me be your wings
Are you a lifelong learner?
If so, why?
At Dairy Queen : I didn't want to but my wife made me eat a Large NutterButterPeanutButter Blizzard
So happy to tweet  we finally got 2 ride our 4 wheeler today:.
Good times
Everyone is invited to the WMUR studio next Thursday from 1011 AM for our show/Allen's birthday.
More info later.
Ok, finals are done, toast to another semester done and now on to my freetime todo list
no doubt.
Technically I still owe you on that bet.
You and I  Anarbor
i am obsessed with magazines
Ill make it happen!
RT : absolutely you should make it an event come see megans new shoes happy hr
Being sick is the worst inconvenience
you know it 
come to me
Anyone who researches for five min can find out my gender.I don't think readers who would be influenced by it do the research.
it's only fittin' cause i'm looking super fly with you.
My weekend looking fun ass hell and great
Good luck to our friends at theWWclub tonight.
Nerdy, swaggerific fashion!
Swoon!
thank goodness you know where I wanna move
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Today I bought a laptop and installed ubuntu all on my own like a grownup.
I feel awesome.
it's fantastic that donated a concert to !
We need more from rap  hiphop stars.
npos must reach out.
Saw you at the meeting last night!
I had to leave at 9, but I hope you made your way up to the mic.
: 
thanks 4 your business!
will ship 1st thing monday!
yeah I know lol
lol u can
I meant Yayy!
Spell Check always messes up my tweets!
I am beautiful no matter how big or small I am.
All sizes from 5 till 14 my beauty shines from within.
cool, nice de que nacionalidad?
RT : StrangeLove, , and tonight!!!
Get to early for Happy Hour!
I've got 4 tickets to the tonight that is sponsoring.
Who wants to go?
don't forget that I'm in Florida and now very sad:
I see the start of a good twitter fight...
stop fighting on twitter and work it out in person.
Tuesday Play of the Day NHL Dallas Stars  Phoenix Coyotes UNDER 5 goals
you like punk rock?
MMAF2011 Shawn Schwegman says test your creative, I agree, do it inhome.
Sounds great!
We love planning events too!
We're having an Easter egg hunt!
Thanks for that thought!!
I needed that!
I swear we're like the same people, just different bodies lol
It's National Chili Day!
On a scale from 15 how spicy do you like your chili?
I see the opposite  in my personal stream but not in my iipc12 search.
Thanks for the links dude!!
hey willow i am the biggest fan of you and the hunger games.
it would mean the entire world to me if you followed me back.
I'm amazed!
This guy at the gym discovered a way to build muscle.
Apparently all you has to do is grunt  holler like an asshole for 2 hrs
: I hope things get better for you.
Good here, Liam is gettin so big!
8 months now
I'm not doing the chugga for you, you can forget that.
I should really go to sleep .
Watch the miami heat do wat they do.
TEAMLEBRON
You are worthy...
Do you all have anything related to AsianPacific American Heritage we could share on iTunes U?
doing trivia?
Consider us interested...
I was gone go to the gym
How big is your wine cellar at home?
That 4/20 shit aint finna make my day any different....it's everyday life
KD is real good...
But your supposed to win at home haha still with my team!!
W'sup!
Happy New Year!!!
Lmao.....Hispanics love black culture but as soon as you call them black they get defensive....
Oo
With Stephanopoulos returning next week, hopefully gets an opportunity to host a sunday show someday.
Always most watchable....
Smile at everyone, even if they don't smile back.
Yum!!!
I easily could eat 6 meals!!!
I agree!
:o
Just bought a new pair of TOMS.
That's one of my favorite family pix of all time.
Thanks for checking it out.
I appreciate it.
:
Your a man horror ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends and you take other women's man's.
yeah Cj on fox was great today.
Also follow me seabass it's me zeb from the ticket years ago
Too cool!
I don't understand what the point would be in that.
lol told ya IDGAF its the Asshole in me
Today, April 10, 5:15pm.
Tech Tower.
When the Whistle Blows ceremony to remember campus community members who have passed away.
Expect nothing, live frugally on surprise
: Sorry Matt!
Didn't see your tweet until after the show.
Finally got a fresh cut.
I still know as much about it as Barry used to.
:
not psycho Ill Never put up my real picture Lookin ass ?
Garden will be open tonight if you want to go for it
Region X reception at the Zimmerli Museum, New Brunswickclassy, awesome, fun and educational.
Conference excellent thus far!!!!
it's been exactly 2 months since I've seen you!
Woahh xD
I have johnnie blue balls
Amen.
Can't get enough.
i like your know maxim magazine
Man FUCK the government.
That's why im failing this class
Your fairy is more of a big spender than my fairy.
: Are you willing to be the CEO of your talent?
A crucial question at this juncture.
Bout to talk her till we fall asleep on the phone
perhaps one day you'll follow my Twitter account.
I forgot to put my other earring on this morning 
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
nice spot!
: Many more submissions today than usual!
You guys must of dug through Mom's shoeboxes...
Today's question: which member of has the best hair and why?
we will RT the BEST answer!
GO!
Never!
RT : oh.
Thanks!
No pink slime in the ground beef correct?
all warranted.
ok we are at the mall right now but will 30 minutes work??
please follow my new account ?
GoTeamFields!!!
Go you!
And next time you trim hedges, imagine you're Edward Scissorhands.
That makes it more satisfying and fun.
Played Out Tyms
its bcs we are the only cool ones!
Can't wait to see u!!
Xo
All Pics are HIGH REZ download your favorites.
You throwing any poops or poinsettas today in our free for all?
Trivia tonight at 9:30pm.
Play for free doctornks and even a cash prize!
My MacBook Pro came back from Apple with B.O.
lol not that bad pretty good actually
Adele's wings were crack
Thank you, dear!
Actors!!!
I need 4 or 5 FIT gym goers for a 3D movie on Wednesday!!
Anyone available?
Nonactors welcome!!
50/day  message me!!
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools in Japan.
Can we skype?
Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
It is our choices..
That show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Albus Dumbledore.
J.K.
Rowling, Harry Potter
who said that?
lol Matt.
Next year I will have to take BP in Atlanta
Tornado watch.
Everybody be careful doctorving to icc tonight.
:/ I'm uneasy with tornadoes.
Night out w/ my girl Nicole.
doctornks up baby!
Its a new night.
yeah..cause Evan Turner is Derek Rose haha.
They MAY win Game 1, but still that's a stretch.
The team gave up on the coach.
Thank you both for coming and being involved with the forum!
it's so ridiculous 
At my favorite small business : Thanks guys for taking good care of me this morning!
Lucky to find one?
What a haul!
I shut myself out from the world so I can doctorw the blinds and I'll teach myself to fly.
4/20 Please Come Out  Support J9 performance  Absinthe Lounge 1409 S.
Lamar St, Dallas TX.
she's doing auditions in RI too?!?
Or Boston?
Interscope Records is now following me ?
Awesome
Well see this ?
Boom Cyber sex is for losers who can't get sex in real not even the people they pay for .
So why even ask me ?
STFU OR GTFO!
weaping bright red lipstick is a new fasion passion of mine
I wish I could magically tell if someone was having dirty thoughts about me.
Oh...
What section?
As usual, ESPN ignores the and shows no coverage of our 3rd round pick
How are you going to make today the best day ever?
How about Anastasia Myskina?
She can get the familyvalues vote.
hell yea ed I'm mad as fuck in dis bitch!
Good going!
Can't wait for the final episode!!
director says the new Poster had a minor spelling error and will be posted soon.
1st look will be here on twitter
had a long day of recording.
Hope everyone's having a great night!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 37
Yeah, 5D2.
Very cool that you're getting into DSLR video.
Addictive!
earthquake in manhattan, whoa!
Aww that's bold
TXS.
I didn't do much it was kinda like being five again and eating too much cake.
right where anticipation crosses over with certainty.
When the phone rings and you're sure it's good news...
Best craft beer in Indy?
Scott Fitzgerald doesn't believe that is organizing force behind recall campaign...that it's her husband  unions
I will try it!
What's behind the can?!?
:
RT RT God helps u walk through the fire without getting burned
I'll fess up.
One good thing about the hubby being gone is free reign on the sappy movies.
So glad is here with me considering we're gonna fail MAT
Constantly on here at your friendly wire service, Bob.
thanks so much Michael!
Very glad to hear you're enjoying it.
What's the worst pickup line ever used on you?
hopefully third time is the charm for getting my doctorvers license
Big thanks to for geeking out with us over Wong KarWai!!
Well.
I'll say this.
I wouldn't come to Detroit expecting to fit into the community, so much as build the community!
you never texted me?
:O
I have a fetish for older women.
Not sleeping blows.
Triple Dog is on at 11 on Lifetime!!
Hahaha
I died in a house fire last night
RT : the most loyal follower 3
Thanks much for the follow, Chris!
Hope your day is going well.
Its baseball weather.
Break out the dip, pine tar, DAVIDs, and all the trash talk you can come up with!!
playball!!
Thank you!!
Random chipotle girl...
Smoking weed
Give me all you got....
Make this worth my time!
Maybe the doctornks slowed down the ceremonies...
gotta get that mofo skill cape.
Fulton:tonight's show different from theater RT : Thirty minutes to WFYI airing of documentary film Naptown Rock Radio Wars.
we're pretty much the most adorable twitter chatterers ever.
back to light brown
Sometimes it sucks being female :
For 15,900, Make Tracks
what is it with hipsters and brooklyn
Lunch run with to Barrio Star!
What a beautiful baby!!!
The doctorught is over.
you been doctornkin all afternoon?
lol
Everyone follow he is less than 10 followers away from 1,000!
If he reaches it by tomorrow he will host a party/giveaway!
Will It Recognize Your Face?
What you should expect from iPhone 5 is
yeah we're pumped..let me know if you or anyone else needs a wristband
Congratulations to Travel Companions for winning Audience Choice at the New Media Film Festival!
Live chat with during tonight Pens game!
I'm gonna try to have a good day.
We will!
Thanks!
Free screenings this week: What to Expect When You're Expecting, Crooked Arrows, Battleship, First Position, That's My Boy, High School.
we will definently work on a CO date forsure!!
are you watching the movie?
If not the idea might have not been around enough to make it into the tv shows lol
Katie., Now I Understand How You Feel.
Lmfao xD
I know it's a challenge for many.
Too bad James' hair is too short for you to practice on him.
;
thatawkwardmomemtwhen U recognize a song at an obscure show  think the band might actually be big, then realize you heard it at soundcheck
This is probably the only time I will say this but I wanna get my period right now.
musiclovers and localmusicians need a hangout all themselves.
What about a site that shows bands/events in your neighborhood
waystosayyourbreathstinks hey, cup your hands over your mouth and then exhale REALLY big...
Thanks for the Founding Rivals shout out.
Hopefully you're enjoying it so far.
What's you favorite place to go running in San Antonio Texas?
I got some great Q from over the weekend.
They only do dinner though.
I prefer mine in a box.
Ha ha.
G.O.A.T  Government Owned Alien Territory...
And it's in space.
did i mention if you buy tickets from you get a discount?
hit me up for details!
exactly what I said.
: Speaking of stink eye, are you jousting Wags today?
Thanks Ken!
sorry I'm not on this 24/7 like you..
better to have Apple and others build massive computer networks that others use, than having every single co.
build their own.
hurting a child is bad either way but to do it your own flesh and blood.
As a parent makes me ill.
Super happy with how this print turned out.
Totally makes me smile when I look at it.
Not a bad evening's task.
8090 of online content around major brands is written by consumers, says of adtech via
Twitter has taken on a whole new level of strange
Va is the move for you
La Serena.
Really looking forward to another dominating performance from BCHockey tonight against Ferris State in the NCAA Finals.
Go Eagles!!
all yea gotta do is SMILE!
Forget shuffle for a while.
An album is a complete thought, and should be heard as such  every track in order.
don't understand unleashing your feelings on athletes.
Fans cross the line  it's horrible.
At the end of the day it's a game
i got my doctorss for my birthday dinner !
:
tony Montana
that is so sweet!
Happy birthday to your whole family!!
i wish , , and would follow me: i love them so much!
Welcome, !
So glad to have you on the team :
church every Sunday is what gives me the hope  strength to get through each week
'tis the season.
totally digging
Forgot to go to the gym yesterday...
That's 10 years in a row.
NEW!
Use ur library card to learn a language!
Click on the Mango icon on our website, left side, to try out this interactive program.
I'm attempting to keep my feeling about the Red Sox controlled this season.
It's not going well
Keep positive
Making me believe you like me when you really are just playing me?
I would get bounced so quick from Idol haha
Youre the average of the five people you spend the most time with.
Jim Rohn
I have to have confrenses  letss see what my teachers have to say about me.
;
Margarita Mondayz  La Mansion ...
Love to hear it.
is the Jack Magnum of BYX
I love IHOP!
:
Thanks for following us!
is a huge Boys  Girls Club supporter all across the U.S.
and we appreciate you!
I can't wait to see my baby miss him
Happy early bdhay
Heyy it was great meeting u in the city yesterday.
I was in the front row..
Thought ur really cute in person:
Two crazy pool parties  two days of fun in the shop made a perfect four day weekend!
Only in the 80's today...Happy Tuesday to all!
XOXO
yes, I remember you
I feel so gr8 today.
My friend Mel called  asked how I was doing.
Its alittle funny becus I have always wondered about me  him...
We have a new server / network ready  vpntd1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Canterbury, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
My opinion of a person is largely dependent on whether or not he/she does the handgun motion during the song Paper Planes
Going to a Q  A, featuring Alfred Molina tonight!
I think you guys might be on to something here...
Justin Verlander's wallet is the one that says Bad Motherfucker
I'm over it when I say...that's what's up
Enjoy the day with bottomless Mimosas Noon3pm.
Wine tasting all day4 wines, 2 whites, 2 reds.
Celis White  Pale Bock beers on special.
Psalm 97:6 The heavens proclaim his righteousness, and all peoples see his glory.
Halfwanted my plane to crash during my flight over Wisconsin because it looks like a giant, comfy green hug.
Love DeanStreet Love
I've had zero tolerance for people lately.
People think to themselves someone needs to slap this person.
I might be the person to do it.
yeah he's one of them players that are only in to do certain things.
The only way he can score is if he right under the basket
doctorwning my sadness in iced coffee at a Starbucks on the Portland State campus m/
thanks for the vote fam :
PISCES PARTY: ZODIAC at HAVANA tonight!!!
9pm featuring SEAN CEE, DEV from ABOVE and STELLA ROSE for your audio and visual pleasure.
PARTY!
vivo11 started with earthquake, building evacuation during first keynote and conference ending with a hurricane...exciting!
;
girll!!
That is too freakin cute!!
I can't wait to see it!miss you girls!!
What's better than a plumcot?
Another plumcot!
Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
The only thing the IT Help Desk does at work is help me become annoyed.
S/o that's a cool dude there
oh, i thought u were interested in RDF, just trying to be helpful, nevermind
now followin back
We hope all of the ecofriendly  upcycled product vendors at will join us for Green doctornks GSO: 9/21, 5:307, Green Bean!
Going to day 2 of bull shit classes :
Ha!
thanks!
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one.
Chinese Proverb
Haha I don't think I'd date one...
: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them...
they call you something even more offensive!
Truth
Boise, Idaho baby!
I'm so ready for you guys to come here.
Effin stoked 3
Antibody industry is a 70 billion industry..
Okay thisll be cool Lessons from an Entrepreneur: Johnny Stine
Our volunteers are getting food to the hungry  delivering beds to those who are newly housed.
In need of several strong doctornks to keep.me from choking a certian significant other!
Praying for Warren  his family
and it's so painful.
Where's the Cod of Cluefulness when you need it?
Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi  NYC!
Req: advanced genealogists  paying 175!
DM me for more info
TY talented people
Bell's Oberon is now on doctorft!
good!: how was your birthday?
:D
I just learned that my Uncle is in the Hospital, any prayers would be appreciated.
ive really had enough
RT if you love Austins eyes.
Next week starting Monday, 4/16 with RT : when are you announcing artists for summer jam?
QoTD: Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Lactose is just one of the many things I don't tolerate.
sorry for the bad experience.
please let us know how we can improve.
Mytservice.com
Inspiring women, IWD and everyday?
Back at you Ms.
Proctor!
it looks like it was.
If I would've been asked to prom, I would love it to be like this.
Cool I do at that.
thanks
Hi, Sara, Just to say THANKS so much for the Mention!
All best to you.
Happy Monday everyone.
Have a great week.
those are your fellow cubs fans buddy
Madness on Lime 2012 is tonight!!
Starts at 6:30!
Live music, free food and cheap doctornks...can't beat it!
Be there!!
I like the fact one person can make your entire day.
guess that leave you out...
To receive love from family is more precious than a title or fame.
It's the essence of life!
John 13:3435
Night twitter ;
silly girl: lmfao
Don't think I've ever been so tired..
Good morning, Kevin!
:D
So sorry to hear this.
What a sweet man!
No school thursday:
honestly you did it to yourself so dont blame me
Incredibly kewl when kats can come 2getha 2 support a dope cause.
Art  its purest form hip hop we appreciate every1's presence 2nite 4 Sha.
I just played Ain't That Peculiar by Marvin Gaye on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Figured it out.
You should work on idiotproofing your site!
School is the last thing on my mind lbvs
Stop in for a slice of the week, or a brownie, or a cookie, or a whole pie, or a mini pie, or a beer, or a salad.
You'll love it.
I promise
Today I startled my wife by yelling how I can preorder Guild Wars 2 on April 10th.
Get your credit right before summer !!
or e mail for more information on how to increase your credit score
wait im subscribed to you for sure now hahah i had some trouble before but its all good now x
Del Harvey gets it!
Userpermissioned use of purchase history for personal product recommendations vs.
tracking for ads
HOLY BALLS.
where do you live brub?
Wayne Shorter.
Can mine be Scott Spurwink?
What do you call an alien starship that doctorps water?
A crying saucer.
Thank you for the FF mention!
every lesson forms a new scar
Followers please Followback I NeedFollowers  sweet and sexy or rough and hard?
2day i had my AP gov test.
I finished the frqs with 30 min left and went over my answers.
I ended up singing music to myself.
Sometimes our blessings are right in front of us but we block and blind ourselves from seeing them...so MOVE..
Get out YOUR way!!!
1dcaptainoncomp 1dvdforme SWAG SWAG SWAG ON LOU, NIALL'S BY THE FIRE EATING FONDUE...
For whatever reason, I can't forward mail from my iPad so I'm gonna have to do it when I get home.
Sitting  an audition but my heart is w/someone else....
please when you get on reply to me I would love advice to do a decent job snowboarding for my first time in 2 weeks.
Please!!
Rainy in S.A.
Yes!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
W.
Somerset Maugham, A Writer's Notebook, 1949
Officially going to concert at state college!
Missing school for that shit.
Macadelic tour 3
Hey Were Following You!
ha you must be close to me I'm in cambridge
You need to send me an email on our business account.
I'll see what we can do to support.
nugget!!!
I'll be home tomorrow night and then we can reunite!
Xoxo
makes me feel old lol
So hot!
So Sexy!
impressive!
I'd have to go off the grid to stay off my iPhone.
That's pretty amazing
What the...how do you pull transgender and homosexual people out of a conversation about the racial inequalities of AfricanAmericans?
....
ohmygosh of course YOU would think that lmao
RT : , chef behind Bourbon Steak , hosts wine dinner 3/27 in Aventura.
John Tanasychuk blog,...
Chances are if you talk to me today, it's only going to result in you getting your feelings hurt.
This is the best pcardorientation I've ever not attended.
thank you!
lol i bet niall or liam
Put those new years resolutions in action!
45 for 3 30 minute PowerPlate Personal Training Sessions at Balance
I love doctoram Chasers!!!!
Go get what's yours!
Kobe just told Blake lets go.
Here comes the fourth quarter come back!!
he gon throw up deuces like everything's cool doe??
Oh okay Sammy.
Haha thank you so much!
And thank you for taking the time to listen!
i love you can you please follow me ?
3
Well Natalie, I guess it suckstosuck :
But I like staying in the west coast, baby.
Come out here!!
:
Hey Phil!
How are you?!
makes sense!
Lol I hope you feel better :
You need a password to access the occupy dc wifi.
Hahahahaha.
hey can yue follow me plz and i will love if yue guys did yue guys are so important too me oh and !
question about media use among younger childoctorn.
pew does not do research with those under the age of 12.
I wish would write back to me ,
Turns out she just wanted her cheese cut into smaller bites.
She has been calling me Sara all day, and finds it hilarious.
Four Corners of the World TONIGHT Welcome guests and emcee Bob Herzog from !
Happy to have you on campus tonight.
I wanna kiss in rain 
Admins learn that it's a matter of perspective...
Half full or half empty glass?
Married Life
new Cd  tour
Shout out to my new follower!!!
:
he ended up in the streets of Saltillo.His stories continued for some time,the ceremony was over but I decided to stay a bit longer with him
This project has always been about collaboration, you all have the chance to BE A PART OF THIS Just ask or
Stuck under him tonight,he fixed dinner!
Good work out with my lady...good job baby!!!
That's exciting!
I was checking out your website recently.
You've done really well.
I remember when you first started.
Lot's of good social media info from SMisaParty panel at Dino's in Ferndale.
New topic: VA Health care system.
VHA has made erratic progress over 15 years from hospitalbased system to network system
Long Day, time to fill up on premium.
Good night for some Woodford Reserve...
A2: We update 3040 times/month and probably have WAY too many categories
The film Dino Dan will be in the air around winter on Nick Jr.
:
If you ain't a ten, you're a 9.9 :
well said sir
Thank you Beth!
Have a great week.
Wow!
Me and are almost at the same number of followers!
He's got 25 and I've got 26!
hey sis :D
Dicks was entertaining as hell
can't wait to hear it so phsyced!
Surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad and focus on the good
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
7
You too, Richard!
participating in startupriot was a blast.
sign me up for next year and hit me up whenever you're in seattle!
BAD COMPANY
Just want thank all of my followers.
Glad to connect!
and some others can't leave since their baby daddy won't help them get on their feet with a child
That actually wasn't a holographic Tupac.
Snoop Dogg was being visited by the first of three Christmas ghosts, who showed up way too early.
Taking smart phones to the extreme!!!!
Obama speaks on college affordability at UNC
follow me
quaterbacksBetterThanRomo my 14month old nephew that kid has a mean a throw
Now donating more.
40 Followers
Signs say We will not comply Protect women's health ObamaCare for me 100
We Love Juan Direction , we sure do haha
we need to figure out our next million dollar scheme so we can start turning doctorams into reality full time.
Life is too short to be allowing folks to f'!
up for other people.
We need to take a stand against hate in this country  ONCE AND FOR ALL
I've always enjoyed this line, good for everything in life: Undercommit and Over Deliver.

Exactly!: Thanks for the mention!
didn't think she could love music any more than she did, then saw Son Volt w/ Cowboy Junkies tonight.
It's true.
Curdled Ranch doctorssing really is the only ingredient required in the recipe for a personal day.
good we need to hang soon
Beyonce Is Just Too Pretty !
: 3
It stopped raining in San Diego, but it is still freezing!
What is your favorite winter accessory this season?
Flavours of the Sun at the Café Mediterranean
You're just a fantasy girl in an impossible world...
All I want is to be with you always
Follow !
And download stuck to the sidewalk if you haven't already
A few thousand people have posted video of their eyes twitching on YouTube.
We are getting recommendations all the way from Idaho!
Thanks Heidi Rowland Estrem!!
:0
big house party for all the orphans of las vegas...and then we all go bowling at Texas station.
You are welcome to join.
Just wanna curl up in a hole and die
If I can't be Kristen Wiig, I would just like to be at a taping of SNL.
Yes!
came to rescue!!
Thank you so much for getting word out!
Everyone owns availability, performance, quality.
Oh hell yes.
RT : Eating a hair and turd relish sandwich  listening to Nickelback
Damn I miss yo Ass.
I Just Took Me A Good Ass Nap Boa.
happy early 18 birthday!!;
hey!, me and this other mahomie are wondering if you could help us to get AustinIsBeautiful as a trend?
3
...
you will have to post an image once the fabric is on.
My wife and I are fabric enthusiasts.
Have a nice day everyone!
Good morning !
:
Couldn't agree more  he and Ben Stiller are banned in our household.
I wished Palmer was as good as we thought he was during preseason.
Sanchez is looking pretty good right now though...
Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out.
MICHAEL BURKE Have the guts to trust your gut.
: I couldn't have thrown that where he hit it unreal Absolutely unbelievable.
It bit so hard right when it hit the ground.
Anna Schoeneman , nice to meet you !
OMG YES LYNETTE AND TOM ARE STAYING TOGETHER!!!!!
FavoriteCouple on
even though Scott Sherman cancelled D7 debate in Tierrasanta.
Rik still met with 20 constituents and addoctorssed concerns!
wutz good fam can i dm you a beat?
diane medley rauner of  resilience is the secret ingredient
I aint at all jokin either.
Hurricane season could really just miss New Orleans altogether with the K's.
Can't wait for the Home game tomorrow against the NY Flash.
So excited
I guess it's time to learn.
RT Brandie will do a webinar
Props go to my favorite cousin,
Your :30 face time about living in Durham was one of your best ones.
Yeah dude, we have met up 8 or 9 times but we finally see what each other looks like without a snow helmet  goggleson!
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes...
I fell in love.
The problem we have in America is that there is no sense of urgency when we look at this problem.
Call to action
Sure, it's cold and all, but if I close the windows then the weather wins.
motivation where are you???
Mercy softball went 41 at the Sports Warehouse Catholic Classic in Owensboro.
Jags are now 191 against instate teams this season.

Trigger hands down.
TL doctorm Rehab is cool sometimes, and do is Massey DTM I you want MIDI.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 : 7
and that would be me lol
Please contact Denise
You must be a New Country Star Subscriber to win.
Check New Country Star for the Daily Trivia Question, and...
HOT OFF THE PRESS!!
CINCO DE MAYO EVENT IS OFFICIAL!!
SAT MAY 5HT FROM 28P IS WHERE YOU NEED TO BE!
YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!
Once you have feelings for someone, those feelings will always be there.
you may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
Lets see what the organization decides!
Don't forget, writers' workshop in Columbus, Ohio, log into the website and click Workshop Materials for details.
shhhhhhhh....
don't speak such blasphemy!
5pm means go home time!!!!
Are you getting snow today?
Ew this girl has lice in my class.
No fucksss!
hope the tonsils are good
What the what?
It makes me sad when I go into a store, and I see so many pretty clothes, BUT I can't afford it ALL.
I have called 30 times and am still calling : 3
Rob Curley: delighting your audience is a delightful thing
yeah i know right when they ran up to the jacuzzi i hurried up and clicked it off lmaooo
Are u in the financial district or downtown Manhattan?
Try one of great lunch deals !
The smaller amount of caffeine in tea can give you enough boost to improve memory, at least for a few hours.
Singing In the Rain.
Clipps!
RT : So proud of my teammates for the way they fought.
Great win.
And so happy for clipnation thanks for the support!
Blue Man Group in Chitown was soo fantastic
Funny I saw a lady doctorving a Toyota with a recall walker sticker..
Is Toyota supporting wiunion now..
Think not
Loved ESPN TheMag analytics issue.
It is making me regret not being at the sloan sports analytics conference.
Muting people from your timeline 
same here.
Now no aots with kevin leaving.
Getting my fill of standup plus improv comedy with the members of the EastLeft coast Upright Citizens Brigade for
Be the change you want to see in the world.
I wouldn't mind if the tickets for the Believetour came out next month but I would really wanna know the dates this month...
They gotta get a Ja Rule Hologram...
Shout out your favorite hookah lounge to us!
CookieDough Dip  GrahamCrackers  my mom has way too much time, but man is it good!
WHAT IS HAPPENING????
THIS IS FANTASTIC.
oh ya and I'm wearin my gear too
So it's true about atheists in foxholes?
RT Please baby Jesus...give Tony enough fuel to finish the Brickyard in the lead.
On this date in 1962 Mashed Potato Time by Dee Dee Sharp was 1 on the charts.
We 3 anything food related ;
Every time I see something about the Yahoo!
exec Scott Thompson, I immediately think of the Kids in the Hall's Scott Thompson.
ur right, that rule started cuz the 2009nfc champ.all its for is to stop the 3 play then kick for the win.
TDs are king
Talking to oomf for hours 
I bet you can't find a review of The Hunger Games that doesn't use the words postapocalyptic or dystopia.
if only I could afford USF tuition.
Finally recovering from flu.
First thing I crave?
McDs sausage biscuit and hashbrown.
houston we have a problem........
Its rainy and cold tonight ...but I'm not complainin...
makes me think of fall.
;
Don't think I'm not Instagramming a shot of booze when the Packers doctorft.
You better be ready!
You'd be surprised at the amount of stupid shit I know.
Yeah, WAMU...
we remember that..
I'm thinking about trademarking ThirstyGirl.
What the hell does that entail?
Really want that TM though!
are we going to the mall today?
If you want to win at business.
Slow down!!
Focus!!
And....
Be consistent.
About to see BEST EXOTIV MARIGOLD HOTEL.
I am by far the youngest person in the theater.
Monday Apr 23 is dog day at the Bats.
ask Katie k and tarry and your self what you want to eat!
Just spoke to that other guy who claims he works there.
Gotta say the folks at treefort are treating us extremely well.
Given us pizza, smoothies, and cupcakes.
Randy moss a 49er!!
It might work!
New week, fresh start...quadoctorple up first hand...see things are looking better already!
Salsa Hotline: 8887075051 for updated information on salsa clubs and lessons in Kansas CIty
The 24 Seven family is going out to celebrate a successful 2011 tonight.
Cheers and thanks for all of the wonderful business  support!!
Happy Birthday to my favorite twins and Love you!
Birds of a Twitter are bad ass and Grittier.
Seeing an ex and you look cute but they don't 
yeah she did she awesome
i believe in the next hour!
which is like 10.
Be honest, David Guetta is the nerdy guy on the metro you hope doesn't hit on you.
Damn this doesn't feel good.
More work then I'm off to bed..
I feel like crap all I wanna do is sleep but I have get an audition out tonight...bo!
true.
I respect what ever your actions are.
im done
You cut me deep, and stitch me back together, with the lies coming through your teeth.
Me 3
Listening t0 104.5 FM Cleveland and wrapping, presents that is.
WHAT AM I DOING TONITE?!
MARATHON DEXTER ALL NIGHT : : :
Landed L'Enfant.
PIERRE is parked 7th and almost closer to Independence st few step further than usual.
thanks for the follow !
Thank you for your follows new friends:
Just watched The Help, and it was exactly that in this moment..
Thanks universe!
;
I doctorpped my ID in the toilet!
But I wasn't about to dig that shit out so I flushed it down.
Only 11 more days to be entered to win an iPod!
Entering the contest is as simple as liking our Facebook page, U.Va.
Alumni Education!
Huntsman's decision to doctorp from the race is probably the worst birthday present I could have received.
Sigh.
Just got done watching The Bodyguard again, wow..Whitney had so much talent in her acting, and singing, will miss her greatly!
huhuhuhuhu...
Yikes!
Let me send you someone's name in a minute.
Sorry, hon.
If I don't get Believe tickets, my life would legit be over.
I'm joking or exaggerating.
I just need these tickets.
announcers are giving the players shit about not picking up the fumble, but they also thought it was incomplete
I haven't played spades in a long time
where have u been!?
:O
watching tv and you?
Now I want wings.
In Gelman basement.
Men are wheeling by cardboard boxes labeled Kissinger Transcripts and Nixon.
There are a lot of boxes ...
follow me i follow you how that sounds ?????
Season is prolly over for the Lakers.
They will have no confidence after this.
That doesn't even make sense.
yes sir it is!
You know u wish u had it.
I bet
I hate allegries making me feel bad and super tired
enjoying the spring breeze
hang in there buddy.
Too much culture.
Happy Birthday to the Big Man!
We're thinking about ya.
Working hard with to ensure my website is excellent!
Keep an eye out for my blog!
And please share what you like on the site!
suspect RT : How can people like beer I detest the flavor.
Good to know, mine is pretty new and working for now!
Thanks though
Sorry to you cant connect w/us via the online chat service.
Could you please try again as there are no reported problems CH
.instead of baking a cake to calm my nerves, ima make some jello shots.
haha
I feel like a better name for the movie Up would be: Rusty Knife Stabbed Into Your Heart And Twisted Several Times
Thank you Samantha!
Jessie J's new CD is ok, not great, but I can jam to this haha
Now gonna sit and relax and watch Finding Nemo.:
I was stabbed with a screwdoctorver at work.
Tis but a scratch.
Jealous!
Ya'll are gonna have a blast!
RT miami tickets booked.
Still going.
My current distance is 4.93 miles.
Current song is 
Excited for RedWings playoff hockey starting tonight!
Hey who wants to do prophetic activations?
message me
or a check with proper state issued id ; I will bring one to lunch next week.
send me your info again  twitter deleted all my dm
Just took a nice hot bath...
So
Do any special edu teachers have any tips for new teachers?
Thanks in advance!
Just realized I hit 200 followers today, we will see how long that lasts though.
Anyways thanks to ALL my nonbot  nonspam followers!
Scientists found that bacteria normally found in mouths can invade heart tissue, causing dangerous  lethal endocarditis.
www.closys.com
Mc Mong I am praying for you, keep smiling, Mc Mong you make me laugh every week and smile keep your head up and your heart open.
Getting a quick breakfast then to Madison to watch my Buckeyes dominate.
knows what I'm talking about.
Downton fans will love tonights Lovers are torn apart by WWI in Sebastian Faulk's bestseller Birdsong.
On MPTV 10 at 8.
Thursday knitting group, tonight at 6pm!
The tshirt industry needs to be restarted.
Enough affliction already.
Hi there Chan man...working w/ this week.
Hope to see you soon.
Have you seen the blacked out blackboard?!
not sure man.
Out of town today.
bynum cry to much...
When your team members recognize tht you're looking out for them  that you go out of your way to take care of them  they are going to be 
She give it all to her daddy, but don't know her father.
See that's ironic....
Hey, ATX ladies!
Need something snazzy for a holiday party?
Check us out,  consider booking next door for your makeup needs!
Youve got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it.
Its called perseverance.
Lee Iacocca
a nerd lol
hello some bodyhere !
NOT too late to mail in your ballot with a YES vote 4 oneunion sagaftra with
: i would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
Fix the monster inside of me 3
Play Angels  Airwaves for the 5 o'clock doctorve home!
Anything by AVA will do.
Please and thank you ;
Yeah, I suppose so :D
i just followed her
All is great here.
Busy with my business, kids  life in gnrl.
Hence the reason I've been absent from leadershipchat 4 so long.
I think 504?
Left field side.
you gone man
Oh yes, yes yes.
:D
Allow us to treat you like the Very Important Person you are!
Omg.
Where?
: thanks for the support!
RT : Kicking my AM off with a house mix by
You're the cutest thing out there !!!!
can I PLEASE meet you while your in Boca?!
I would DIE!
Please Boca mall?
Haha
we did a scrapple waffle special, and sell it by the pound...
Let me know if you want to try it.
Enjoying the GOP's ability to pick issues that enrage groups they need.
First, immigration, now, birth control.
Next: banning football.
We're opening up for new found glory on 9/11!!!!
This show is already sold out!!!
highschoolmemories Regionals in cross country my senior year...
Thanks for stopping out at the winery for Groovin'!
it was pretty good.
It's a nice love story.
Id recommend it.
My 3 year old is playing Cut The Rope, and he's kicking ass...
assorted apple devices, skeletool and copy of new boggy creek monster book
Zimmerman's family, who rushed to TV interviews, what, supports him in name only?
Indigents live on the streets in boxes.
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around : 
New spring break plans?
Summer plans?
We are unfortunately not gonna be playing the show this Wednesday and are extremely sorry to anyone that was planning to see us.
JChuck BIA
Definitely man
School Tomorrow :c
thank you so much!
All done at
thanks for the RT, Clark!
I mean really though
Just explained to why Apollonia 6 got their name even though there were only 3 members.
I am a ninja, I literally climbed down the balcony in my panties and a bra and broken in to my house.
I am ninja.
Woo!
Let's HH it up again soon!RT : FF to a rad happy hour crew 
Although I still have 5 papers to hand in by Monday  ...
Go Sarah 
Tonight's screening of mister HULOT'S HOLIDAY will be from DVD instead of a restored 35mm print.
Admission to tonight's screening will be free.
What was the hoax part of Fire in the Sky?
That sounds like a stupid question.
Thank you Miami for showing me love and it is on to Washington DC for tree braids this weekend.
that sucks dude sorry to hear.
Mom just texted me.
My dad made me hamburgers yummy yum
Yes!
And I really hope I'm still here in September to eat some tacos.
our album is done : playing and listening to the tracks at our party as we speak!!
love that song!
And the funny thing is I hadn't heard it til I played Beatles Rock Band game.
Lol.
I bought Revolver after that.
Q2 Several options.
Found successful Kickstarter projects.
Charlotte, NC libraries had a successful buy a brick program.
do you hear me talking to you?
Aww your so good to your fans and you sound amazing like an angel when you sing and your so cute!!!!
I love u;;;;;;;;;
Looking forward to doing it again!
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world
why?!
It was homemade with light doctorssing  light garlic bread!
Duchis!!!
RT She couldn't pronounce Vitucci's.
She is our Food Tour bus doctorver!
Ha!
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.
7:30 a.m.
Hitting the gym, no excuses.
I hate it, but it's the only time I can.
Excited to be back in St.Louis!
Who's coming to the show?
Thank you Carol!!
What a beautiful day to kick off the new year!
Year one of grad school done.
Seeing my family for REAL for the first time in a while!
hoping tonight's core class won't make it hurt when I sneeze like last time....my allergies will kill me for reals
Sometimes we need a you can't do it.
To get the job done!
'Are you okay?' 'NO.
I'm bleeding because it's fun.'
Goal.
Wayne Rooney EPL Keep hope alive.
I love my Airport Extreme, I used, had so many wifi issues before I got it and now almost all are gone.
well good morning
likewise man.
How you doing?
What does editor Josh think about the eBook Explosion?
Find out at this Friday.
Great find!!
Thanks for sharing.
Hey guys :
i am hungry .
Lmao'
Everything is always my fuckin fault...
But.
U knw wat I'm done can't keep going back and forth....
I love seeing the city flooded with Black and Orange.
Everybody turnt up.
I think I started following you 2 cause of a San Antonio Spurs mention at some point....your tweets are hilarious
yup, she filed for bankruptcy.
So everything is on sale this month.
If I'm getting ...better believe my team getting it
well deserved.
;
I hope I didn't offend anyone in that tweet lol, sorry y'all
Orientation for this weekend and next weekend.
I'm excited to be a part of the volunteer team!
I was just sharing a story but thanks for your input.
it was fine you did a great job keeping us updated on the score and time
thanks kris ...
was in the office quite awhile handling the media storm but i did manage to make it out for a celebratory beverage!
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations and needs.
As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer
Hahahahah!
I'm assuming that from all your responses it's a shoe buffer or a sex toy.....
you win nothing have a good day :
Thanks, I enjoyed working on the project and love working with all of you at the !
There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain.
this political season is going to mean mega professorts for the tv industry.maybe as much as a couple billion spent.find where business is going
somebody please tell me they saw christina aguilera's nasty big ass on the voice w/the big nasty shartstain in the ass of her doctorss?
Movies, movies and more movies.
treeoflife.
Oneday and 7days.
And now a doc on
: Online poker enthusiasts are demanding legislation  won't go away or give up.
Please markup the Online Poker Act.
hey there
Need dog care recommendations for Fed Hill!
bak at ya.
After spending a wk sewing, folding,  dying fabric  paper at Haystack, Eva Hesse is really inspiring!
The neurons continue to fire...
In Transitu  In passing, on the way
Can you feel me breathing down your neck?
You're just a perfect little human wreck
I think my cat may be an alcoholic.
Little dude is always zipping around and crashing into things like a doctornken midget.
thank you!
I heart
Concentrate on building a business that creates value before adding debt.
RT : From the Titles of Blog Posts That I Will Never Write But Think About A Lot files: Codependency and the Modern Librarian
I'm afraid to grow up because sometime It seems like things will never feel this beautiful again....
Packing up a set for you now!
Send too?
fun times today chatting with about Haverford, curating, and how 60 word labels make 350 word sidebars seem long.
In Athens.
Full day today seeing the historical and some shopping sites.
Turns out the Acropolis is really unbelievable.
Thanks!
We hit the studio for our second song this Sunday
Lost my voice at concert.
Haha, no elliptical...
sorry!
I hate my cat
Looking for a job?
Do you have 12 yrs of PPC experience?
is hiring!
DM me for details.
Sweet the Morels are starting to sprout in the backyard again!
Last year we harvested plenty!
Athena Chase Reporting for duty 3
Happy Friday indeed.
Just selected for the Mad Men Premiere Party.
, get ready to unleash your inner Joan!
I'd love to see a pic of the shadow boxes!!
They sound awesome!!
:
Lmfao!
:'D Thanks for knocking me up, soontobefather ; :'D
It is beyond irony to have Jeffery Toobin comment, with outrage, concerning John Edward's fathering a child out of wedlock!
is enjoying prezi.com making our marketing department dizzy with his presentations this morning!
cooltool Check it out
last in there divisions  Bearsstillsuck
On the UT Poll, we'll have a big package in tomorrow's paper that breaks down the numbers, headtohead matchups, etc.
Currently at black label society and judas priest what metal was meant to be
ok.
Got it.
put a sock on my cock and call me C famous quote from
lolol well at least you got the papers served and you don't have to go back and hit that web again.
offer 5 on our uptown condo
OMG REALLY.?
Locks of love was perfect!
I'm so proud to have been part of and help with such a fantastic causeEveryone looked so cute with short hair!
i could do w/out beyonce and just go with hugh!
That's one of the benefits of being brown.
I don't have to worry about being out in the sun.
Lol.

you had just been bat mitzvahed lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame sigh ....
Cause everybody go
what's w ?
21.88?
George Wallace?
Do people really throw rocks at things that shine?
Can't say I ever have
CD Release Party FRIDAY at !
Its gonna be nuts!
Got a query from a reporter looking to do story on small houses and apts less than 2100 sq ft.
Does 2000 sq ft constitute small these days?
Removals  Everything You Need To Know To Get The Advantage ...
Just found my phone!!
Researching about best design pattern to keep data sync'd b/w iphone core data and server side db.
Yes.
Your lips must be moist.
Also, short fingernails help for the halfnotes.
I want a car...i am going to get a car..i am going to get the things in life i want end of story..
Keep tweets,100 or less  RT's will follow let's c if it works.
Since when is UFC on Fox run on radio.
CBS owned Washington DC sports station is carrying fights live...
SOMEBODY is wearing his cranky pants
love Matthews as well.
3rd round?
Apparently, I can't record 2 programs and watch a 3rd at the same time.
My son says: You're expecting too much from a crappy cable box.
Only us bro.
Hating on the skanky sister missionaries of new jersey.
ugh
Next likemind Chicago is next Friday, January 16 at Spa Cafe in the Loop!
Why don't people come to Florida
Welcome to my VINTAGE world, new items being listed this week ;
Someone start a petition against James Lankford, no redheads in congress!
:
caught my little one sleeping with her face paint still on from the fair!
too cute :
Honk wars in the morning 
TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I cleaned it so it don't stank nomo
I wish studying was easier.
Or that I was back in high school..
So simple then.
Wait, Lamar is now leaving Dallas?
Lovely that I'm getting my sports info from E!
News.
Yeah!
The semester ends as suddenly as it starts!
I have 2 wks of committee purgatory left!
cool, what grade are you in?
Steadfast or dead last: // Spring promises adoctorft like // Autumn's blowing leaves
thanks boo.
Haha, you already know.
Thanks for following us!
Be sure to check out on twitter also!
Real men don't need the eagles.
Amen, amen.
The Egg Doesn't Fall Far From The Ovary.
It's super dark out!
If you're awake and in San Diego, I'm in studio at NBC for a 6:15 a.m.
hit.
Turn on the telly!
Channel 7!
ready for amarillo?
all day everyday.
I knew that was gonna happen though.
At least he talked byyyyke.
Lmao
lmao!
Been looking for a new spot!
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.Anthony Robbins
Tacos for dinner
Welp.
That was fun.
At Caribou with Cassidy and Kelly!
I love my snowdoctorft!
Pulp can move, baby!
Contrary to what you may have been told, we think lunch is the most important meal of the day ; head over let us cook something up for you
im not sure ..
what does she do..
where does she live?
HEADS UP!
will talk to at 3PM ET  will he addoctorss HIS opinion on GayMarriage?
Don't know!
Tune in!
Valuable companies aren't the 1st or 2nd movers.
They are the last  most success is captainred after many decades
I'm doctorwning out the thunder and lightning with Its working.
I got it off a song.
Plus u corny anyway.
Corny recognize Corny
Massage Therapy comes under the heading of Alternative Medicine.
back at you :
That's progress of a sort.
We are all here for support!
i've been working so hard this week to get in shape!!
want and need to lose 8090ish pounds!
Well, so far I have no idea what is going on today.
they still will
.....
YOU'RE supposed to come see ME.
Remember?
Smh.
is gonna beat you too.
nun nun, just chyllen, you?
RT Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
I had heard about this and didn't have time to participate
Three Seattle police officers have asked the Supreme Court to sign off on their use of a Taser on a pregnant woman in a traffic ticket case.
Trend analysis  the intersection between science and design.
Science is cool again
Hunger Games Film comes out this!!!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!
Movie will be epic
heard you made a big move...how's is it going?
DM me
flow colder than february with extraordinary swag.
Mimosas at work?
Don't mind if I do.
Time to go Downtown to celebrate..........Goodnight Tweets!!!!!God Bless!!
Get with Pill RT Brandon Crawford's first hit last season was a grand slam.
His first hit of 2012 is a tworun double.
Slacker.
You know, the third best way...
oh don't be silly.
You're putting yourself down now.
You're just as pretty as anyone else, and you WILL find a boyfriend.
don't we already know what works?
Gettin ready to go to the TYLER MALL while im lifted off that GOOD!!!
FOLLOW ME !!!
if u smoke weed !!!!
ps.
D.O.E THE SQUAD TAKIN OVER !
yup I got filled in.
I glad I missed all that.
I hate that he lost fans 
LOL I don't know.
LOL kidding!
Anybody but the HEAT works for me.
Blah time to write a paper!!!xP
On adapter 3 myself.
FYI they only fall under a 90 day warranty.
RT : No vision.Lack of ambition..so whack!
Our program is on forensic science and homicide scene reconstruction.
Not a typical program for us.
Let's have a party and learn socially together!
I'll bring the margaritas!
Longtime NBA consultant Chris Ekstrand said he's looking forward to seeing Jordan Taylor improvise and play in the open floor.
I was at the Neptune last night; great show!
I didn't get to the mic for QA but was wondering if a white hole has been observed?
It all came off as 2 dimensional predictable stereo typing to me.
The word tween is unacceptable to use in a sentence or pretty much in any format
Lab then cleaning the old apt later tonight
I had Gel in my belly button, weird I found out when I got home lol
How did you like Skyline?
I have not had any in a decade.
I dispise some people tht unfollow me because im doing something im acctually not doing..!
I hate the person who spamed me first..!
Urban economy at work: a guy looking for scrap metal showed up and is hauling away our old doctorer.
I had one great one, then he left.
The other was very nice, but was, like, whatever.
And marketing...pfft.
I should really do my homework xP
I have had 4 glasses of wine already...aaannnd its only 7:30.
Oh boy.
La Dispute.
One pic of those tits would get me off for a month :
RT : Yeah, Mark Halperin  Obama doesn't want to say he's for gay marriage cuz he might lose Iowa.
It's no good
How do we know what the interest areas will be in future generations?
don't we have responsibility to preserve all knowledge not jst popular
still not as sure thing as Trent Richardson.
He's more of playmakers hands down.
Those late picks mean nothing when you have 13
tweeting one direction lyrics makes not studying for finals worth it
I agree.
We have to start the reform now.
Spurs beat the Clippers in 90.8 of simulations which is actually lower than the translated betting odds.
You act like everything you do is okay..
when really its far from okay .
YO CHRIS BROWN DO YOU KNOW HOW HOT THE FLAME OF A BLOW TORCH IS ?
WELL JUST ASK UR CD'S SNAPP CRACKLE MELT DOWN ...
Coples to the Jets 
nice brackets
definitely a bug ;
I guess ill b fixing some burgers  hash browns b4 church, yes hash browns nstead of fries,lol!!!!
NWAACC mens basketball: Shoreline 38, Lower Columbia 32.................HALFTIME
we had a great time, thanks again!
I think I am getting an iPhone tonight!!
im a tranny
RT : The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
George Carlin
Representative Jeb Hensarling loves to violate the CANSPAM act.
Reactionary freak will NOT stop sending me emails.
's up little buddy?!
Thanks for bringing me to the twitterverse!
EBSCO reports that their databases will be down for at least two more hours for all Library subscribers.
Ever wonder what the heck a life coach is?
AGCH Library now has first 8 issues of Moreshet: Journal for the Study of the Holocaust and Antisemitism, published in Israel.
so i have the absolute best internet connection you can have and own3d.tv's replays are lagging so bad....
trash
I want you to look at me like you've never looked at anyone else.
I want you to look at me like I have something other girls don't.
It's still misleading.
You should give the total number of campuses in the U.S.
if you do that.
i do too
Capricorn MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
get out and enjoy the sun!
hey look, the 4sq url is my last name.
2 Days til im back home in the
I need to kick my own ass soon.
Been in a slump lazy fest and eating irresponsibly.
Keep me update on the paleo though!
Yo!
What's your honest take on the Notorios flick?
I'm dien' to know your opinion.
One more!
Girls who roll blunts 
weird races  ?!
You know I love both :
If I read or hear one more tidbit about the royal wedding, something is going to get broken!!
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
George Washington Carver
RandomisterdSox Reggie Jefferson
I feel so stupid, I know what was confusing me now, but I feel bad that I got them confused :
Really?Mahomies,beliebers and Directioners are fighting?were all fangirls,we all share love for something special.GETOVERIT.love everyone3
he's here, who's runnin' hell?
four year strong
no, but I'll check it out.
Thank you!
I wrote 2 out of the required 56 pages of my cubism paper and still got a B.
I think that makes me particularly awesome.
Bossy neighbor thinks she owns bldg, not just her unit.
Get her a hat: when Castro dies, she can step in.
FINALS HERE YOU COME GIRL!
THEN you and will have to battle it out ; God is good!
90's hip hop station on slacker is still the best.
I didn't c it yet ill try to c it asap
Eat doctornk and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
State tests today,tomorrow and Thursday noo 
I seriously cannot watch the  My day doctoraming about going on the show is out of control!
So blissfully content.
And sleepy!
Such a full weekend of fresh air, friends And good food.
Couldn't ask for more.
Nice Chardonnay  Cupcake Vineyards!
what it do tho shawty, found anyone better than me yet...
Scandal Sheet: Zac Efron Hit By Twitter Hoax  National Post
Thank you for looking!
Glad you enjoy the art work.
Whats been up Young Gunn?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
lol hit me up then!
;
We second the rec!
Don't fuck with me when Im sleep pendejo !
Boooooooi isn't she amazing:!
Did you see 's video?
lol fat ass
God damn fuckin ppl n this house stfu and do somethin with yaself
I don't just sing in my car.
I PERFORM in my car.
I'm bout to start charging the pedestrians.
Ha!
: Stick a QR code on it!
pla12
okay im crying now are u crying 8
shit mine 2!
i thought i was da only person in memphis that mess wit common lol
you might have a spirit in your house.
The previous owner of our home committed suicide, so wehave strange activity here
And when lebron shoot this 3 u know its goin in
Doin it and doin it and doin it well.
Was only a few yards from , and i fist pumped, great DJ!
Mike Smith  Jon Quick ....
Chuck is stupid mane
If you do not know how to make money online, just put a question to the related forums and you will learn how to.
ready to get practice over wit
Want to win an ipad2?
Help us gain followers!!!
RT and Follow
you got this boo!!
Love and prayers are always coming your way!
Im great!
how are you?:
Hey Chica!
Thx for checkin out my video!
I actually booked a gig, so I wont be in class tonight
Hey twitter followers.....
sorry stuff has been goin on nd that is y i havent been on but im back lol :
Tune in to Fox19 on Thursday morning 8:15am as our Chef Owen Maass and Marble Hill Provisions will be demonstrating a few holiday recipes.
Hey, look at that!
All the tests passed when I commented out the ones that fail.
Time to go get a doctornk!
Love that place, and it's in my hood!
hell yea
The Sopranos 
New RB mix coming soon
Were here!
larry brown always looking to teach
oh my god hope you ate lots!!!!!
I am beautiful inside and out 3 I am fearfully and wonderfully made by an Awesome God :
I really hate when ppl tell me stuff I Don't care abt whatsoever.
A great Mayor
Cotto gave Mayweather his toughest fight, and it still was unanimous.
Floyd can't be beat.
Beastie Boys No Sleep Til Brooklyn was just on Love that song!
RIP MCA
Good Morning
Im pretty sure reptar hates physics
I love you
idontunderstandwhy Eddie Murphy starting singing...
It is.
Thanks so much for reading!
thanks for the follow!
Im sure your goldies are amazing :
Curious on your EDiscovery Reports
MuchoMilwaukee.com has supported the SOPA blackout for several months.
Or maybe we're just too lazy to blog.
shut up.
You come to CLT all the time, and don't come see me...I love you though :
Loving it!
ah so excited cant wait for it to start!
One of the last nights coming up for 50 off dinner at The Clifton Inn on this Monday and Tuesday.
Call 434 971 1800 for reservations.
whatever, I'm getting cheese fries.
Wow.
If you aren't watching Case Histories on Mystery you don't have enough sleuthing in your diet.
Blessed is the name of The LORD.
Music is My Ministry.
was in AZ w/the fam.
Heading home now.
You??
You blasphemer!
THAT WAS THE BEST TWO DAY CLASS TRIP EVER OMG BUT IM GLAD TO BE HOME :
I AM SO BUYING TICKETS FOR MICHAEL FRANTI.
Well, maybe, hopefully..
We'll see.
BUT HOW DID I NOT KNOW HE'S COMING TO ALASKA?
The only Sparty clip we get in One Shining Moment is Kearney balling like a kid on the bench?
.
is such a nice guy, he will RT anything you ask.
Please RT.
we go together like chinese food and chocolate puding, lets face it...
have you seen that video??
is voting still open?
Did you win?
Me, having health issues once again.
Of course.
I got sick before Vegas, before Nashville, why should my vacation to NC be any damn different?!
I am planning on attending AGW 2011 as well.
I hope to meet you  Maybe we can get on our site
Be smarter, faster, more social.
RT : If you just answered and apologized, you'd be making progress
Good Luck to Future SECsoftball Schools  tonight during NCAA Selection Show on
A son is a son till he gets a wife; a daughter is a daughter for the rest of her life.
Holy crap!!!
I was MIA.
UrgiCare in Brook Park is a joke.
These people move slower then molasses up hill in the middle on Janurary in Antartica
sounds amazing!
One time my Andoctorid phone unexpectedly reset while I was watching porn.
Right before my money shot...I was so pissed
thanks for everyones support......
i really appreciate it MORE WORK TO COME!!!!
What about restoring America's defenses against poverty, inequality, discrimination, jobs moving overseas, etc.?
Bitch better have my money
will be in occupation beginning tomorrow:
thanks for the news.
i was just worried about my dogs.
Oh nothing.
Just reading doctornesummit and covering all my windows with trash bags
I'm praying for her , stay strong 3
Thanks...
glad WOM has been so successful for you  spread the word...
agreed!
word of mouth has been HUGE for us!
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Assistant Director Candice Irion, Associate Producer Scott Mollette
nah add me mister.Morales2793
Tried to teach my dog to cook today but she acted like she was never going to need this information.
getting you to follow us.
which probably won't happen...
like who?
Headache STILL..
UGH!!!!
Heat having psychological meltdown right now
im always better without a man at my side.
I've always been the single friend tho ha
Ugh!
The tedious process of removing the piece you've accidentally doctorpped in the wrong slot while playing Connect Four.
Hey guys, thinks I should join a sorority.
Me?
Lmfao, okay ;
I do love rhymes they make for the best of times!
I bet you anything closet witch that you have broom in there as well!
: waddup homie just in math class adding up numbers to 100
we got your graduation announcement in the mail yesterday!
You look gorgeous!
Wish we could be there.
love ya!
I WANT THIS IISH FOREVER MAN
Seriously, that little twerp needs a lesson!
However he dies, I hope Sansa gets a few punches in first.
I know I'm late on this tweet but as we said, the Killing had a great debut.Looking forward to Sunday
TRUTH!: When one door closes, another one opens, but the hallways can be a bitch.
Darla LeDoux
Selling my doctorke ticket for 400!
Actions speak louder than words so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
aw.
you guys are cot.
man...
saw a woman doctorving an NSX today.
So badass xD
RT : What types of patents may my social sector organization file and who can file for a patent?
Ask LawForChange:...
i can tell you what her last album smelled like.
Ok people if you are fat enough to require 2 seats on the subway have the courtesy to NOT ride during rush hour, or stand ur fat ass up!
I feel a lil bad that I embarrassed/yelled at the tourist that cut in front of me at whole foods.
Grey hair??
Uh oh.

What's up homie, long time no talk.
I have someone that wants to book you to perform here in LA.
Who I talk to?
Do you need to get in shape before vacation this summer?
I can help!
Contact me here or at fbdindy.com
no i still could, i wont be able to kill it like i use to
can't wait to watch your fight vs.
Jose !
Wish it was in Vegas .
Glad its your time you deserve the title shot!!
I have two big travel mugs full at least...and there are about 2 cups that fit into that mug!
listening to neko case is the correct choice for facing many situations.
365 no days off.
Shit I'm the reason they say hard work pays off.
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE Pay attention to details, Peoples Intentions, Sharpen your Eye
great find!
Really, really, REALLY happy that it's CHAMPAGNE THURSDAY!!!
I keep telling people the Key Word is Ask you can't make me do anything I can show you better than I can tell you ....watch  see
Begins today's Quest and I Ahab, Ishmael, Quequeg...Why didn't they use his name for the coffee shop chain?
whatever part of your mind that says margarita go in that direction
oh ok we gotta hang out 1 night doctornks or something
Another panel on the dome was ruptured.
This time it was on purpose.
Only certain gigs will pay you  and give you publicity.
Don't lose a gig for one or the other.
Still can't get into twitter I think it's kind of impersonal.
What do you think?
RT : Yay, we can use our Brushes app iPad apple I hope they also find a way to doctorw onscreen in Illustrator with bezier curves!
well you missed out on the rock star that performed.
So excited for PutYourHeartsUp!
I love you Ariana!!:
Sorry if I emailed you more than once to join me on StumbleUpon.com is was not on purpose
10 days till Christmas...Oh my
hey where will you be the 25th and 26th?
Or any thing cool going on?!
my dagonne smoke detector kept going off from my tburgers even after I changed the batteries.
So I couldn't focus.
Ugh
What?!
They don't understand the magic Sabrina the Teenage Witch holds!!
I grew up with that show.
Thanks for the RTs gentlemen!
no problem!
honered to be your first follow!
Just saw this.
Thanks for visiting us the other night.
She say she onna mission so I wont waste her time
Had great convo with Vegas BFF.
Always a good time!!!!!!
when's that?!
Need noodles now!!!
Oh its back.
I was just informed we shook the locks off the table.
It's that loud.
Follow me and watch out for my music
We will pick the winner of the Yamaha Guitars LL6 today!
Good luck to all who entered.
whatever you always think about him.
yup, well we've all been there.
Dunno or we could go to the west village?
RT : If ur opinion is based on erroneous info or lies, your opinion has no value.
U have the right to have it, but its worthless.
wcphilly Direct Advertising is fixed revenue
Scramble Friday
she is the best.
gg
Avoid it, do not travel on it; turn from it and go on your way.
Proverbs 4:15
I want a room w an entire mattress floor and 100 pillows.
Truth.
I always win.
Good time for a bathroom break!
WHY MUST YOU DO THIS TO US CHILdoctorN
What a fun night last night was!!
So happy to see old friends!
At the airport heading to New Orleans to start a new adventure!!!
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown concludes...the party in Michigan is today!
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Thanks for the follow, Elvin.
Love your conscientious tweets.
I love RT : While you grab a breakfast bar we're talkin' BACON with !!!!
She's in town this weekend...
this is why Clifford always freaked me out as a child.
Ruined lives and homes.
: I can open your eyes, take you wonder by wonder over sideways and under on a magic carpet ride.
Aladdin
ew no way
Congrats!
Looks like a great conference
is my hero :
Just because a vendor's product is certified doesn't mean it's going to be a best fit for hospital's workflow K Harding
I know a that needs his/her beak bent.
Contact a buffr'!
beastmode  beak2cock
most awesome dude ever.
Needs the good, the bad and the ugly theme though.
Hi all, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek!
Sorry I'm tardy!
u watch the voice?
flipclass I make most of my vids, but I have former students make on occasion.
Can somebody keep me updated on the Pacers  Heat game?!
It's something out there better.
Okay, the temporary storage is added.
Plesk says we are only using 13.5GB of our 30GB available...
Getting excited for 's store opening tonight in LakeForest!
Join us from 69p for light bites, cocktails and 15 off!
Austin Mahone is like the straw to my berry 3
Thanks to for hosting  this morning in their beautiful auditorium.
SchoolMemories at our senior assembly End Of The Road was playing.
Boys  cries  hugs IMMA MISS YOU BRUH!
Girls: facepalm LOLOL
Magic Johnson makes me so happy!
He was always one of my fav all time NBA players, now Im stoked about Dodgers baseball!
Just seen preview of your new movie.
I can not wait to see it.
looks great
Looking for someone's shoulder to rest my head on
My legs are so orange.
My first day of work was great!
Got hung up on alot but all in all it was pretty good lol
I'm doctorgon.
I am just saddened by attacks on her integrity.
Whoever decided this was going to get slaughtered.
It's too bad.
you make it seem like said this
They come in periodically to check on me.
Wake up Junior!.
Never ever take life too seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyhow.
who is ur boyfriend?
And what is ur doctorw something username
Free tickets to Scratched Up starting next week.
He has a daughter.
And yes.
Way to go macie for caring about sports!
captainan Tryouts friday !
.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Saturday!
If your running in a race, good luck!
Bro, why is it that there's a helicopter with its search light over Kendal like every night?
One nice thing about watching live TV on TiVo while dealing with stomach flu: trips to vomitmore pause timefast forwarding FTW
Facebook takes ALL your phone s from your cell.
Deleted my iPhone app.
Wow, Fk them.
If I didn't need it for biz I'd delete my account.
worst thing i've read today regarding Suggs  Junior Seau has a better shot at coming back in 2012 than Suggs does
...And the other link for obvious reasons.
OJ is the best medicine
I'm here : lol
ugh I hate that.
My eyes are tired right now but my body doesn't feel tired.
It's weird.
.
wants me to meet him at the comer.
I guess he's hooking again.
When i think about you, i think about 17 :
RT : The police will never find your body...as attractive as I do.
I really wish you could select someone and make them unfollow you.
you should feel lucky you got two beautiful HARD working girls :p
Just finished my taxes.
Shall I go to the nearest bar for a few rounds, or work out my angst at the gym...?
;
my BFF Regina from BK is partying and LUVN It!!
Plz Tell Her Happy Birthday!!
stealing kids' lucky charms for charity?
i just saw a wild kitty walking by i wish i could take it home
Oh boy can't get my car window to come up!
Is there a poll going on somewhere for tonight's movie?
SupernaturalParty BTW Devour was awesome last time, thanks for hosting!
I can see why, it's a powerful and moving truth.
Thanks for the tweet on Winterball.
Its going to be a fun and cold game!
no love for Tom Green and the Swedish in todays mailbag?!
Ion Even Know You, Fall Back
Habs heavy on The Franchise.
LIVE Team990
UK/Canadian Spartan Simon Thunder the Rock n Roll Savior is enjoying MontrealNew England; there is lovely scenerypeople.Next week Nyc!
you know the equation!!
Thank you for the FF !
Cheers to the weekend!
Whhooooooooooooooo that was funny
which one is in charge?
Dallas.?
That's : Tom actually reminds of Soda Pop 
Shoving make up sponges down my throat.
Lovely evening on the porch, sipping a new concoction of 4 Gin 4 grapefruit juice 1 St.
Germain Elderflower liqueur.
Oh, and the flag is up!
saw you in a YouTube video for Irish heavy metal.
iareimpressed you rock man
Wisconsin are you ready for warm sunny weather?
Hit Like if you are ready!
It's easy to point fingers.
But it's time for us grownups to grow up and teach our kids right from wrong.
Good boy.
We are to help the poor, the weak and the homeless.
We are to give them a voice.
Post it notes, daytimer, outlook?
What do you use for your time management tool?
I'd forgotten how Windowscentric the techcomm world is.
Quite different from the UX world
I can't wait for Thursday!
I know it's going to be a blast!
The Annual College of Medicine Art Show starts tomorrow!
Pics to come...
Ugh I hate having growing pains!
Cause I never fuckin grow!
Has anyone seen Beyonce's new music video?
She is so FIERCE!
Best Deals In Town!!!
Wall To Wall Installation....
Special Financing Avail 6mo/12mo/18mo/24mo...
lol in the city
scrub free since '13
We took a poll on this during todays webinar...
more respondents said customers now want VALUE over features and benefits
I'd love to!
Badumbum!
RT : Walker must have hired Kathy Nickolaus to recount the job numbers
Thank You Earica !
HA!
I've been watching you Zumba dancer girl!
D Getting you and together would be filmmakers doctoram!
D
RT : Greetings from
No word on whether Sheik Mansour will behead the entire Manchester City XI, but sources say he is inquiring about its legality.
hey tweeters spring break !!!!!!!!
Broadway veteran Rosena M Hill is Sarah!
Get tickets now to see her in TOYMAKER, then catch her in The Tin Pan Alley Rag, closing Sunday!
You go to the gym to develop body, but in the process you also develop mind and spirit.
if you feel good then baby work that as!
he almosted cost boston the game twice!
with his mouthguard
Thanks for the RT and for answering my Q's about the Auto Summit!
Any advice for newbie doc filmmakers?
Dont Jack got some goodass chocolate cakes :/ hmm gotta
IHOP with Mom before work.
Having a wonderful morning!
ALL SMILES :D
that's a bad visual silent Bob
for adoption to happen faster, ePatients need to become Activists for nonePatients
Just did an impromptu set  Nick's Roast Beef with
Please do me a HUGE favor and follow her 
great compliments!
Ha!
RT : Let me guess: Tweeting Obama's alterego Batman or running a fake Wikipedia page on several Saudi superheroes?
bet it up
Watched 'Brothers Bloom'..what a terrific little movie!
It was the small quirky details that made it great.
You gotta try it.
new obsession Ross Lynch
I own Magic Show on vinyl.
random Wasn't it poorly received?
Rangers were doing better at even strength.
Caps should pretend they are always shorthanded.
spend too much time online?
spend some time  our place, check us out!
david
To improve your life you must remain teachable.
You can't fix something with the same thinking that created the problem.
You are so BADASS just like the Honey Badger!!
:
Hope so, can't wait to see you in your shirt!
LOL this bitch just got excited because se was accepted into community college....
The Gibraltar of the East  Shot in the Dark
Some of the BEST young entertainers in the world to FF 1
Thomas feels like a mosquito in a nudist colony!
Even McDonalds coffee Starbucks
come over I have blankets
you can still come.
Proud of my dancers for going for it in the tap jamm!
Love it!
Thanks for the mention, hun.
Happy Leap Day!
Well that went well..
I hope this means Victoria is the mother!
I care way more about them than Barney and Robin/Quinn!
doctornking, you?
Generally speaking, an advertisement for a product should tout at least one benefit of said product.
Shockingly, some forget this concept.
Can I get a ticket to or volunteer in fashion week????
Thanks for the mention.
Just now saw it.
Did you know...
it took 13 yrs for TV to reach 50 million users; it took the internet less than 4...
Fun fact found on my coaster at the bar
: Looking for punk bands specifically?
Punk or Rock.
Thanks!
Sitting in the library with Liam because none of my friends would take me in.
Writing paper for Lynne
Thanks!
New and improved version coming next spring :
Hey we follow everyone WHO follows us!
Much love to Hollywood, Giant Panda, Joe, Wil  Mosaic.
Water Steet is the place to be tonight.
oh i thought you went tanning...
doctorving to rehearsals!
Bring on the Holidays!

a huge national pageant..
GLAMOUR GIRLS..
Follow my page..
Miss Alexis Todd..
Ima Pageantsuperstar!!!
I want to win that pageant!!
Exactly how I study.
Lmao
I know, I just feel guilty for some reason.
But thank you, you make a really great point :
Great works are not performed by strength, but by perserverance.
How could Ohio counties called Licking and Pickaway not vote for Santorum?
Andoctorw Sullivan.
Heh.
you're wise and prudent.
I yield to you.
Glad to be a part of a greater cause........Destroying the doctorams of NoTalent hacks when I bless the mic for the Great State of Colorado!!!
Playing at Asian markets is one of our doctorams RT : if only i could hear your music in asian grocery stores...
good night
one is the Samsung wireless docking station and the other is just a cheap View Sonic ;
thanks much!
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness.
Scars remind us of where weve been, they don't indicate where we're going.
Levon Helm's wake will be at his home in Woodstock tomorrow.
He will be laid to rest on Friday, reports say, next to Rick Danko.
God bless.
You're just beautiful.
:
would u follow me love???
:
A real time date at the art and pumpkin festival.
I am learning something about myself as a runner: I am really freaking SLOW.
BUT!
I ran 11 miles today.
First time since 2003.
when are we going to wawasee?!?!?!?
The day after chill
Tony Vincent because he has such an incredible voice and great spirit
oh okay.
yeah, we definitely won't do a scrimmage
That feeling that you get when you think everyone in your class hates you for no reason.
Bringing forth life isn't gross....its So beautiful!
Boom lol
Highlight of the three stooges: seeing Jane Lynch play a nun.
It is when you want to act childish about the whole thing and tweet about it all day.
This shouldve just stayed between us
Good thing it's January
arentyoutiredof people in your business?
I hit 10,000 tweets tonight, so I think that means I suck.
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 1: Decide who is delivering each section.
Make sure each speaker knows there part.
GASPP!Why not?
:
NLC YEF Council debuts updated city platform for childoctornyouthfamilies; four focus areas.
1 Opportunities to learn and grow
okay, i definitely will  you will probably see me freaking out about it on twitter too...
calling all unsigned rappers,singers,producers,dancers  POTENTIAL models email your info via We GOT Work!
LESS THEN 24 HOURS
Elton freaking sucks at doctorving, why are you doctorving if you've never been to NYC?
I'm bout to die
Gayle: Greatlooking pug.
Yours?
: Thank you for this information!
Just finished the nicest bowl of Shrimp Bisque at Spice.
Happy Friday everyone!!
That awkward moment when u answer a text out loud instead of actually textn bak lol
that's good shit right there..minus fashion shows
Make more music.
It is great study music.
8th grade, having sex with all your boyfriends.
And you wonder why you relationships last about 3 weeks or less.
Haha what a slut!
Thank you for the RT
In for Steph on Live We'll meet some Olympic hopefuls, plus why heroin use is on the rise.
Mike Benner has a report
Future of journalism hinges on a new payment model
I think its safe to say its 45 degrees in my apartment right now.
And that's being generous.
Heat included?
I think not.
Fear the DeerCheer the Beer
bff: what are you doing?
me: checking out my new followers.bff: are you a cult leader?
LOL obviously someone needs a twitter!
:
I bet 5 bucks on the derby.
Totally worth it.
Made it fun!
But ya Daddy did not nose best.
Ha ha
Longhorn with the family
This country is, in fact, predicated on the belief that people have the capacity and the right to mostly manage their own affairs.
Sheesh.
East coast knows whats up and the secret Best digital shot and the 100th so funny
i had both hands attached to one or i couldn't hold it up.
A sight worth seeing
In the studio.
fuck working, ill have my man hand me money :p
That's what happens when u play all those years and never get a ring!
So glad you were there this morning!
Where is the rainbow???!
Similarly, what are we thinking when it comes to Artemis and the whole Green Arrow group?
Poor old Bobby V inherits a garbage bullpen and Injured outfield and this is what happens....BIG trouble in Boston, poor guy
I wonder if May has it mixed up.
April showers bring May flowers, not the other way around
Hi Everything is great!
Nothing is cancelled.
More information about the refund is coming soon!
Following me ?
Yes she was.
She got flowers too.
RT : Wonderful!
I bet was thrilled to hear from him on Mother's Day.
Chromeo is awesome.
lol some weller just called me
Great idea!
We're looking into all kinds of new things and this is being added to the maybe list.
yes I kno we do
omg 8 more days till school starts cant wait lol :
Light travels faster than speed; This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Go follow 
Dance studio all night..
In this thaaanggg!
you is a clown...
okay I'm still worried what my mom will say but she can fuck off
This weather is doing nothing for my mood.
BrendyBarr Communications to manage local PR for Ringling Bros Circus and Disney on Ice.
Great Job.
Kind of creepy.
haha
sleeping on portraits painted as perfectly as you, why have i been given the chance to fly
SB 354 now officially dead, as we pass the deadline for Senate bill second readings in the Texas House.
txlege gunsoncampus Not over yet!
Watching doctorve.
Fantastic soundtrack.
Ryan Gosling.
Duh.
J'adore.
But this wig on Albert Brooks?!
so what are u doing ??
:
When we saw Sheree's home, we didn't see any furniture.
Is it true that he sleeps on airbeds but she carries expensive bags?
A UD  the judges collective decision, all 3 score it 2 rounds to 1 for Siver.
the feeling is mutual.
Even some of my republican relatives in Wisconsin are against Walker!
Democrats need to support this recall!
Liz Conlon, Carmichael, CA
you just keep wearing you're skinny jeans and don't let your lack of melanin get you down haha
Now THAT's a recommendation if we've ever heard one!
Need German word for when two instagram pictures in your feed in a row have very similar subjects
JOB POSTING:: We have reposted our Passenger Services Reservations Manager position.
Visit WorkPlace Alaska for more info.
Please Retweet.
Feel like a horrible Person.was Ina bad mood and was ignoring my bf last night.
Hesays it's ohkay but I still feel bad.
:/ urrgg
Oh my love you don't know what you do to me
they took it i can't!!!
and lets not call the house phone....
everyone in this house is asleep.
in due time young one
Oi vay.
All Prince Georges County Public Schools to close Monday, August 29 Pgcps
The best part was when you beat the last level and it changes all the graphics to NIGHTMARE MODE.
Great time at Wildcare's 2011 Annual Gala!!!
I guess you had to shoot it on a lap?
Someone just bought me a ticket to Excision Thursday!
Epicwin xD
Apparently today was national sibling day.
I'm sure there isn't a national only child day.
Figures...
Or for dinner/starters: SCALLOP CEVICHE, crisp bacon, orange segments, shaved fried sweet potatoes
At the talent show last night, the Emcee said we should be The Fighting Geese instead of Cougars.
Whatever  this is
SC's chance was hurt with the sanctions.
Both teams have a chance to be really good next year.
Lmao RT : Fire alarm Teacher: Okay everyone, single file please...
Me: HELL NO, MOVE BITCH, I'M ABOUT TO DIE!
Practicing guitar and I hope to be as good as but I know that I won't ever be a great singer like him, hopefully he follows me
One the best feeling in the world getting paid to do what you love and be yourself.
Homecoming is just a week away!
Join us for the SSOE Young Alumni Mixer under the tent of Solders and Sailors, Oct.
14
Thank you to everyone who followed me!!!!
:D you peoplez are Awsome!!!!!
Lots Of Love and Suppirt 3 x
Friend: What's up your butt!?
Me: It's what's NOT up my butt!
: lol
Mobbie voting has ended : Thank you everyone for your support!!
American History X is trending : one of my favorite movies.
hes probably going alone to get pizza anyways lol!!
I am sad to not be on the cruise!
: Everyone there is having such a great time.
is it wrong to doctornk strawberry soda, or is it just bad to crave it?
I do too!
I can see why loves it!
It is GORGEOUS!
sage advice, thanks!
Pinnacle Entertainment Sets New Standard For Casino Rewards Program; More Cars, More Trips, More Gifts
u say ur gonna eat the family bet they taste like chicken lol
RT Sex, Power  Speaking Truth: Anita Hill 20 Years Later, on Sat, Oct 15 in NYC, Anita Hill to keynote!
Was there an alternate ending where he just skipped out and played 18 ?
that's cause you're awesome.
I heart scary movies.
Tonight's feature film: Evil Dead II, yet.
Yes, if you get the reference, you're cooler than your friends
Good look on Coheed after the break!
If you an off brand nigga then you Betta be talking cah boy!
open tablevery useful tool, generally educated diners thoughtful reviews
Would be fun though and it's only a day.
I didn't realize that.
So it doesn't take up the whole weekend like normal.
:o The Devil Inside is freakin scary!
I'm not afraid to admit that I know what you are talking about.
RT : Ethan and I are trying out and it looks promising.
An interesting way to manage his summer reading list.
Shaky screen giving me a headache.
is it that bad lol what's good w/ ya mixtape/album i see you in a booth in ya avi bro Grindin ?
Woohoo!!
Got my ticket to go see on April 17th at Stubb's!!
m/
hahaha it totally could be.
thankkss!
I'm very good thanks.
Excited for the record release and tour coming up soon!!
I know its time for me to update my professorle...
Will be cool to watch a Game 6 w/ Celtics and Hawks.
Think it ends in Boston tho
Just finish watching breaking dawn part 1....
Ah loved it
you are awesome!
Thanks for two memorable days.
Next time I'll do the pedaling to whole foods.

Gotta go find Me some To wear For Class Day !.
All things are in place for tomorrow's grand opening!
A great way to end my time in the RGV!
omg u r dog is soo cuteeeeew...!!!
I miss online poker.
So easy to just register!
WCOOP on would have been nice to play these days...
you lucky bastard!
monitoring results from the presidential elections on npr's twitter acct
Whenever someone tells me: This is none of your business!
I laugh quietly and think: What a sucker.
I'm not even a businessman.
Bedtime!
I've become a freak, I'm actually really, really pumped for my 5am workout tomorrow AM.
ltny checking out the session about matter mgmt and atty efficiency
thanks 4 the S/O.
We do it daily for the dmv :
Better hair.
Looks more like Kurt Cobain
Early Morn.n Real Talks: If a dude cannot change a flat tire, and call A he's not a man.
If doesnt provide 4 his family he's not a man.
Hi Shawna, Why is everyone wearing black on the set??
Is everything okay?
is thinking I would have fit in well rolling with the rat pack...
they had style...
thx for the mention
Looking for amazing food try Edens Gate in
Holy shit...
great time at the Pacers Game.
Heat got smashed!!!
New Tweeps!
Diggin' it  I look fwd to connecting :
Well, THAT got out of hand REAL fast.
Bonding time with my daddy 3
You're absolutely correct.Great memory LOL
I can't that's why I couldn't use my moms
Baines never panics about storms, so I'm pretty sure we're all gonna fly off into a cyclone.
that was awesome for them to do that
Online registration for sdp2p is closed.
But u can still attend!
Visit the website for details.
www.pathsreg.org
I just hope he takes this time to go to rehab and gets the help he need.
so many reasons to tweet at you.
takeoutthetrash dothedishes muahaha.
xo.
New B Accreditation, like a boss.
We all knew it.
A woman knows.
hee hee
Fair enough.
I'm too tired and working on my final exams.
I was pointing out the endorsement by the president, but okay.
big poppa.
B.I.G
Pouring rain in Charlottesville as we await the jury's sentencing recommendation for
Working on Service Level Agreements.
Love them.
The yearbook staff did a really nice job with this year's yearbook!
A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it.
Henry Ford
Be assed walking into work today!
..
Okay, if the Texans are considered The Broncos South, can we call the Ravens The Texans East?
That's the 3rd former Texan they picked up
When Jeff Daniels says the fword I feel like something is terribly, terribly wrong with the world.
I give up.
L.O.V.E is not a big word for u cause u dont have a heart...
sleep.
is that too much to ask?
:
He called it!
RT You cán tell téam is bad by how dirtys they are play.
That make Pheönix worstest team in NHL.
You give me that Hummingbird heartbeat.
Hey Chicago We have a deal for u!
BottleSpecial 225 for Goose  Moet!
DM us to reserve before tables sell out!
Treat your woman like you hope she's the last  like you wish she would have been your first!
thats what men do
what goes best with your cup of coffee?
For me it's a plain cinnamon bagel in the morning.
is the best!
So thoughtful.
He bought me a doctornk too.
Thanks Thomas!
I have an audience.
Do you have questions for Minister Naledi Pandor?
Can we get the Minister into edchatsa?
It took me a minute, but I think you are referring to the band and not to mister Limbaugh?
Liz do you need some rentalkharma the next renter will want to know he is crazy
Who is excited for the Wednesday tip of the week???
Did pushups until my arms couldn't take it anymore.
Tomorrow is going to hurt.
Like you could really take my gun!!!
Yeah right!!!
Charles said Obama should have taken Eng PM to see KY.
Said PM got overconfident in Eng's chance at Gold medal watching Miss V Stpriceless
Where are MLS policy mtg tweeters??
Need to know ; don't get to be in Anaheim.
Missing u all!!!
Blacks an chillin
I really, really, really, hope so!
I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look.
now we just have corrupt politicians milking the powerful two or three distributors for huge 
: Happy Mothers Day!!!
You are appreciated!!
appreciation greatmoms Dear Mama
should have gone along with it and convinced him he was a butler/housemaid.
Love it!
Great to see you Liz!
mi mandi il link del sito per creare i keep calm e i mustaches?
:3
Be direct nigga...
We ain't kids..
Don't bite yuh shit for me bcus I want bite mines for u
Idk how to say this ..
But..
If you're complaining about the walk thru Crystal City plaza to the metro you need Kanye's workout plan.
Barely a mile.
do it and not get on the second leg!!
Hope that's your plan
No contest.
Foster the People loses by a landslide.
you made me smile pookie.
3
I'm sick of bitch ass dudes tryin to fuck up something cuz they jealous they can't have it
Ik,but,he knows i tweet him,but he never answers :
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Author Unknown
Hope your day gets better  caffeine is a magnificent combatant!
when will they stop???
Ah.
Need to redo my professorle might do that tommmorow somepoint
Kay: We'd through chalk and books at sleeping students.
How do we create education that wakes them up now that we can't hit them?
thx for following :
Carbonara, whatever day it is, is the best choice.
Headache Y U NO GO AWAY??
I love that, lol!
Good luck with finals, IUP.
Red Cross blood doctorve 1PM; CORRECTION no caving open house in Blairsville today.
Me and my stepdaddy cooking it up
RT : Grad students in library/info science w/creative vision re using tech: apply for Peters fellowship...
I wish my real friends would come visit me in houston.
Special tribute to the memory of those who perished on 9/11 and all those who gave their lives for our freedom www.VictorianSource.com
Hey, please help how I can do?
:
.
Thx for the tweet!
Its hard to know that you still care.
Good luck!
I can get you on the list.
I have juice.
I think you were hacked...just letting you know.
You're rightstill, I'm looking forward to doing some textmining ...
Thanks for the RT  FF glad to be part of your reading sources and the Madison community!
Why is an alarm clock going off when it actually turns on?
enjoyed my lil' money egg hunt...lol felt like a kid all over again :
Hey 2012c19 what sayest thee to crowdsourcing a nineteenthcentury Americanist hashtag so that we can keep in touch?
I love how follows almost everyone that tweeds him out, I wish I was one of them.!: RT this!
Please Follow Me??
No fair!
I want a coolio acronym like TWG!
hmmmph..
thanks for stating the obvious!
It took a study for that?
You could've just asked ppl who work there or go to Bricktown.
cannot get enough of AngelsAndGentlemen you killed it!!!!
did somebody ring for me?
LOL this cracked me up cause i have a ton of those fuckers somewhere an remember hearing the same thing.
Surprised to find ice on my car this morning.
Guess I've gotten spoiled by the unseasonably mild weather.
I just saw the whole season flash before my eyes.
Tulo, Cargo and Stewart just about in a 3way collision.
Take it easy fellas!
Why haven't we karaoked together?
Sister: When I get married and start working, my money is my money.
And his money is OUR money.
LMFAO!!!
She's so weird!
:P
What would ruin an entire morning in the studio?
LAWNMOWERS.
Yes, you, I see you out there...
Which country makes you think most about love, France or Italy?
I love them both!
Welcome to new Fans of !!
Saw Inception finally.
Perhaps not quite as great as I'd hoped..
but still very good.
I understood it all pretty well the first time through
To all i was suppose to be getting in contact with, i apologize been going through alot lately.
I promise GOD willing i will in the nextweek
i know im proud of myself : haha
Singing with and in 35 minutes
real busy working from home today, huh?
JUST KIDDING.
: you know we deliver donuts in ATX, right?
Next Friday we'll get some donuts from you!
I'm going to regret having english at 8AM on a monday.
San Diego CRM welcomes San Franciscobased IT Convergence as newest customer.
Global company that provides consulting for Oracle customers!
Come over!!
I'll make you kashi waffles and we can play outside!
doesn't mean i didn't yell or get excited or enjoy leadership stories.
just sayin'.
Sorry we weren't able to party up more during your home coming.
Next time let's all go out together.
Ciao for now!
xo
First slow pitch game was a success even if we did go home with an L.
I went 33 with 2 singles and a triple...
Is she really going out with him?
SS can be permanently fixed w/ a raising of age or reduction of benefits by removing to 110k cap.
absolutely dear!
It's a celebration bitches mozel tov
Parents are coming to visit me and this weekend.
What's a fun Saturday night dinner spot??
Some of the people in the Experts Mock I'm doing would not be very good General Managers in real life
hey!
How u been?
DontGiveUpBecause it always gets better in the end.
If it isn't better, it isn't the end :
energy is spent.
trying to refocus what i have left to my current purpose: analyzing policy
When it's Fed, it's a character flaw, when it's Rafa, just a blip on the screen
In fact, that means a lot!
;
So great!
RT :  Grab the Klennex!
Great work !
I would have voted for THE ARTIST out of the nominated pics, but overall, would have given Oscars to doctorVE ...
Oh boy...
Becks ex is PISSED at him...
That's not bad at all!
You're wearing it to school tomorrow like that, right?
:
i love you too unk !
..don't lemme get bigger than you, lol..
Why is my new iPhone4S rattling?!
Get a good night's rest!
Tomorrow morning we start announcing who's coming to PXY Summer Jam!
Listen to !
Stupid writing.
Making me be honest about my stupid feelings.
insert whiny, shy kid voice here.
I love my mom!!!
She's the Best!!
sca2012 OK, the five packages Yager is currently reviewing: Archivematica, DAITTS, Hydoctor Fedora, Islandora, Fedora.
Love reggie!
Hate holly.
I want to visit Tokyo and London for two months each.
So I'm told you're the man to talk to about South Side beer history.
Was rocking Nu Creature by on my way to work...God places certain ppl in ur life for a reason...find that reason!
Love that place!
thank you 3 :
Awww : RT : I like babies and I'm not afraid to say one day I'll be a great mom.
Great Point.
RT : the audience is the hero, not the publisher.
pub's job?
help the heroes.
Thanks Mona, I just may : Depends on what I'm doing by the time the audition arrives..I'll keep you posted!
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless.
and doing the pregnancy pact.
just downloaded like 20 new songs3
worked last night, and then went straight to college afterwards.
Now I'm home and getting ready to take me a nap!
Join me tonight at 10 p.m.
est for tonight show on www.pararocktv.com
that's usually how it ends up.
Listening to the new album 'The End is Where We Begin' got few tracks next week trying get Trevor on the show!
hint hint wink!
doctornking energy doctornk so I have enough oomf to make the coffee.
Do you guys have a P.O.
Box or anything like that?
Paper Passion  new fragrance that smells like old books for those who want retro literacy with their hightech.
Autumn has to be a scary time for black people.
Ya know, a bunch of white people with hoods on.
Things2ChainzWouldSay I got 2Chainz and two girls I get it wet.
SEAWORLD!
Off to lunch with an old colleague and good friend at Adobo
My Quote of the Day  It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to., W.
C.
Fields
'Twas only a joke.
Now following this boring HawksCeltics series, we'll see another boring one with the SixersCeltics
Floyd took a beating tonight.
Worked out because he packs bigger punch but I've never seen him sweat, or bleed.
hahaha I'm down
T.G.I.G.N.
Thank God It's Game Night
When Will Bonnie From Family Guy Ever Have That Baby?
Damn I overslept lmao.
Getting ready for work.
WilDChildZ the saddest break up ever.......not in the mood heart broken into pieces......./3
Do tell...
MT : Interesting plans c.f.
Baltimore Parking Authority  plans for incentives to not own a car.
Cld be interesting.
When I find out who is pranking my phone with CAT FACTS SPAM...I will slap them with a can of real spam!
........it was storming so badly!!!
Are you like, in a different state or something?!
LOL powered by chicken strips
I am so glad I chose not to grab Arrieta for my fantasy team today.
That ain't a bad day.
I'm using a little more corkboard than I usually do on this script.
It's a fun puzzle.
Shooting a new TV spot today.
Say hi if you see people with cameras and gear walking around today.
HULU rocks!
What a perfect way to spend a Friday evening.
I have no life.
The Quaterlife crisis IS real.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs in real time  stratejoy.com for some laughs!
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
do it!
w/ , just finished up practice, now en route to our flight to taiwan aboyeeee
why do girls make those weird faces in their pictures when they furrow their eyebrows and bite their lip and they just look really scared
Hahaha hey!
You do remember!!
:D
i was right lol
Got 4k order through Hello Vino yesterday on our mobile site!
invaluable contribution of providing a framework for thinking about black womens relationship to womens culture via women's music
I'm in a league of my own.
Don't mention me with those others.
Lol
In my pants
What a wonderful day to increase revenue!
What about Dunn not fielding the ball in the bottom of the 5th!
He's horrible in the field and in the box!
Still trying to figure out the significance of this tourney, seeing as how they have no title belt...
Makes no sense!!
not scheduled , just doctorppin songs for the time being...
thanks 2 u my heart hurts /3
like an ocean of love
.
just arrived.
Holla!
Going into pacsun is torture.
I just want everything!
And mikey!
Love the show you're an awesome actress!!!
god damn girl relax
lol!
It's not like they look alike, it's that I mix up the names.
adorno lecture on a grassy knoll: laughter is a disease which has attacked happiness
im looking forward to decorate pumpkins this year!
the fun festives of the fall season!
So I suggest you control yourself.
Looks like our Twitter account got hacked  doh!
We got it back tho.
Happy Wednesday all!
Wow mindfuck: Tabitha Soren is married to Michael Lewis.
I think now we can chalk up Richard Pitino being shipped off to Florida as covert ops.
Hopefully I've shown you the way.
will be outside today from 11:30am4pm !
stop on by :
glad it was good!
Tonight it's all about Grand in Stamford, CT!!!
I'm spinning from 10PM to 1AM!!
Commercial/Vocal House music no cover!
15 Bank ST!
Hey how do you spell swoll?
Or swole?
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Frank Zappa
THANKFUL4?!RIP Mama Jean miss u so much 3
Champions League today.
Does Shalke 04 have a chance against Man United?
i've been at the library for about 6 hours and i've been awake for 27 hours and counting!
was in plano for cd signings on Sunday and I didn't know.
COME BACK TO TEXAS :
yeah!
That idiotic American teenager show was on!
Definitely put a damper on my morning haha
I have a hankering to got to a fresh market.
Maybe tomorrow!
I feel like there is a really good lesson to be found in Deborah Guarino's Is Your Mama a Llama?
odds Middlebrooks gets a call soon?
I'm wandering the Expo Hall at the moment.
Where are you now?
I'll come to you.
Outside the courtroom while Chris Cook's jury deliberates.
If convicted of strangulation  3rd degree assault wld most likely get probation.
thanks for the props on us breaking into the Top 100 '11 RSM Index.
Great news is engagement is up in 2012 1Q.
RT : Welcome Atomic Koi in Madison, you can visit them at twitter.com/atomickoi or www.atomickoi.com
Bulls it's on another Win
I would like to do a feature on you, with elements of How many tracks are out from the new project?
Thanks for stopping by Blue C for lunch!
Hope it was great!
guy; I cant txt on a motorcycle me; well arent u a freakin genius DUMBASS
right now I'm just laying in bed, listening to music
hell yeah : 3
I would love to see Lakers vs Clippers in the
its awsome!
the color of the sky looks like its gonna snow:
If you don't mind mailing it, but you would have to send a return post
Hall: I'm not obsessed with communists as my critics assume.
yeah did you get my email?
it was about the mail clerks.
prob easier if you post w/ the whole geotargeting thing..
Old Chinese proverb..It is better to eat pussy than to eat dog....
Interviewing LUNA IS HONEY at their jam space today.
Stay tuned!
Hey thats 1 hella sexy doctornk hoe!!Ahahahha!
I find that middle finger to be very attractive..
: Well let me work have fun everyone!
have a great day!!
Season 2 of Clean Livin.
Episode 2 just went up today.
Check it out.
'Short and Stout.'
Looking forward to 's, the future Mayor of SD, welcome addoctorss at the cadem2012 convention tomorrow!
Undefeated takes home the oscar for Best Docu!
your so funny!!:D pahaha
I believe so!
I have been great!
How have you been?
I want mister right my perfect someone whr I wont want anybody else but him
okay I want to sleep early though so you have to let me know when ur gonna start Italian or algebra or whatever haha
Looking forward to being interviewed tonight with the Commander Bruce Garrett on live radio in Vegas!!!
...the perfect fashion photograph, is a photograph that does not look like a fashion photograph...
Helmut Newton
I'm digging your products..I am interested will send you direct message when ready.
Awesome product.
Follow back.
guess emergenC will have to do then.
Lol
Email me at .au I'll help you out
Your Oso Faraway essay post is really a good read.
i don't yahoo
Feels like moment when we were waiting on to come OUT!
Just ordered my tickets for the Playoff game on Friday.
Comets on Friday and SportingKC on Saturday.
WOOHOO!!
Does any one any venue/booking contacts in Dallas or Denton?
One of our shows fell through.
Thanks in advance.
Ok guys, i just got this new twitter.
i had one before but i decided to get a new one just for my fans.
thank you for all your support :
Libraries are the heart of every community, keeping our minds and spirits alive.
Gail Lukasik
At it again tonight...performing LIVE at Cloud Nine at Donald Ross Village in Palm Beach Gardens!!
do you think the musical arts of students should be graded better have a better musical program
Bummer, You promote free wifi that doesn't work.
Otherwise, your service is pretty awesome.
The new Titanic ending is a slow, intimate 3D shot of Jack's growing erection as he and Rose go for roundtwo on a life raft.
sschat I agree!
Haha, mister Mason is a pretty cool guy!
Not gonna lie!
Sorry!
I am trying not to, and think I'm being pretty fair here.
Also never said anywhere not to wear a helmet.
: RT : I just want Jeff Bridges to tell me a story 
When you find Excuse, Never pick it up.
/ancientmysteries Traditions, Religions, Rituals, Mysticism etc.
in antiquity
happy birthday to my beautiful twins  
Why do ppl in boston call beggars hobos?
They're bums not hobos.
Hobos are nomadic.
RT : Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
Robert Motherwell
The voting for misterampusfreshman has been extended to Thursday at midnight!
Throw out a RT to votehouston  www.hercampus.com/mister015
LMFAO I'm feeling this doctornk you know what I mean
if you need a hand on that don't hesitate to ask ya know?
: I'll even pick you up at the airport just because I'm a nice
Austin,Tx tonight.
Geisha room.
422 congress.
At 5th.
Don't be what people want you to be.
Be yourself and find people who truly love you for what and who you are.
id be amazing to get a tweet tweet from you to prove to you guys DO love me,cause she says you don't:/3
I still can't get over how many confederate flags I saw in Montana  Indiana.
I did solo after 12 hours flying
we like the music on your site : Great job on
And then you feel stupid for believing he might probably like you.
: Obviously the oh crap forehead scrunch.
has defeated UCI once already this season.
Let's do it again.
Andoctorw Garfield News  Andoctorw Garfield, Emma Stone39;s Boyfriend ...
this would be for NYC
Always those times when u think u know something when you find out you dont know anything
What's going on today people
creating commemorative books is another FORTE of Bella Forte.
What better way to honor that extraordinary person.
its easy to throw it away, but its safer to call us...
May I schedule your appointment today?5453949.
The only difference between a rich person and a poor person is how they spend their timeRobert Kiyosaki
ron paul
Nothing feels better in the morning than sand in your toes and the waves lapping against your feet.
You know what, I was thinking the same thing.
You are so funny.
OMG now everyone who knows me knows I love me some Mary, but she has set our people back 47 years with that Burger King Commercial...
white boy got mad at me cause ion like tecno music ...
he gone tell me i would like it if i had robot ears lmfao !!
Thank you to the lovely, newly retired lady who called just now.
You are hilarious and beautiful.
I imagine we'd have a lot to talk about.
NO she can not pick him!!!
WTF
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
Me too.
Wish they had had better arcs like the past few episodes earlier...
show got real stupid at some points before.
I am back, after a much needed vacation.
Looking forward to connecting with all you again.
Have a great week!!
Ah yes ...
You made the trip from Washington DC worth again..
Been here since the foundation!!
Not too many people can say that their dad was the first to do something in their country..
I am so happy to be a Starita indeed
thx for making my day!
Getting Business Plans and Public Relations shit sorted out...
Even tho I know this won't happen for the next year  2 years :/
LOL!
Most people think Africa is two countries: South African and everything else.
6am class here we go
I respect Santorum more than I do Romney.
my head hurts :
Follow for news and updates about Comodo SSL certificates, website security, and partner information
Where are you, Ruth???
i love talented women.
WaysToGetWomenMad callin out the b word
Okay!
Do you still have my number?
I got a new phone and don't have yours
Pop the cork Mercury Morris
i wanna do the gym during summer cuz the bus route is not hard at all!!!
But it takes up to an hour lolol
follow me!
The Mac program?
No.
The feed format?
Yes.
Headed to city park to check out course logistics
Actors, looking up PerformingArts grants.
Any suggestions?
Note to God
just continuing the trend started by Cassel
Whatsdeadin2011 you taking my sayings and actually convincing yourself that you made it up.
OMG!
But let's be honest...
if we had to die so that our child could be Batman...
we'd first need to be billionaires.
Merry Christmas everyone.
u bet!
rt sophh7xo thanks for the follow!!
:
lol what we gone do ctfu and I have to put ty to sleep to smh
So nervous that interview would be interrogation that their being nice threw me off.
Oops.
Hope my aura of awesome prevailed in spite of ...
thats awesome, I wish you would have told me that at this time yesterday haha
Per Saltum  By a leap or all at once
Screenwriting tip: Difference between CLICHE and CONVENTION.
Cliche: when you write it.
Convention: when your producer suggests you write it
If it's a grower, isn't it automatically a shower?
We also would have taken Used Sock.
Your board Burden.
Got you angry about a girl im with in all the magazines.
That awkward moment when talking to the person you've wanted to talk to for so long isn't actually awkward but instead easy and simple :D
Just got back from the ISSA Baltimore monthly meeting in Columbia.
Another good session
RT thisissantho: A travel size First Aid Kit is a Must have in
please follow me back I love yuh so much ;
Growth DEMANDS a temporary surrender of security....
that's gourmet!
I cant wait
doctor Benjamin: We're aware that people are dying earlier than they should in DC and other areas of the country.
Where's the outrage?
Life is its own tonic.
Just doctornk it in big amounts.
deserves more followers.
Way more informative than
RT : Where is ?
didn't see you there!
Should have said hello!
AH seen it like 20 times lol RT : go watch HOLIDAY HEART Fresh and bless
it's a piece of crap.
Twitter is better at delay notification!
Summer is inching closer...
one sure sign: PLAYOFF HOCKEY...
Watching the Philadelphia Flyers !!
I HOPE offensive lineman.
Tackle?
What do you think?
: What position do you see the Bears going after at 19?
Black Friday Deals At Suburban Toyota.
0 on many models and Great lease deals too.
Call me or come on in.
Ask for Mike.
All my loving, I will send to you 3
AhHa!
So the Bat houses we put up have more then one use,veryinteresting
Props to Paisley for going into thick of crowd!
I think it really depends on how you look at it.
Nobody is proven, but what if the Chiefs like most of the dev.
guys?
Stop 4  for an apple long island
You are welcome,but you should be thanked for bringing this and Perry's culpability to light.Keep banging the doctorm slowly.
In the studio wit sippin some doctornk and blowing back.
I don't work at the mag.
Like you, I'm a sleep deprived Rocker.....happily
oh and thnx for tweetin yall had me worried for a second now bac to them fries yall showed us haha lol
ugh: too hot with sweater, too cold without sweater!
u fat
Made my appointment for my doctorvers license  im already nervous!
Lol
Man i'm tired as hell at work smh power nap
Tonyc summer jam is crazy get your ass out here!!!
back at ya :
no problem!
RT : Bachman takes Swiss citizenship.
Wonder if she swore oath of allegiance to Switzerland as part of that...
Seriously glad I was at yesterday's game.
Thanks for the FF!
Thats more like it!
M This is a great starting point for the pegoretti Lookin' mighty tasty already!
Trivia Tuesday!
True or False: Reflexology can help relieve pain from common forms of arthritis.
Jojo has lost it
I've just been around..
Doin schtuff ya know.
How's your life
extremely loud and incredibly close...
one of the BEST films I have ever seen!!!
SO MOVING!!!!
: 3 3
oh?
well now thats that settle on to happy moments.
whats up?
To lead people walk behind them.
Lao Tzu
there are always cute guys in the mall..
Great show tonight everyone!
Thanks for coming out and showing your love!!!
Not bad at all.
Remember when we saw Ryan Howard go all MVP on the Braves in a doubleheader?
Man, a winning baseball team.
Hey lil dude I haven't talked to you in awhile : how are you?
Gas prices shooting up because we can't use our own oil winning!!!!!
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
Need to do a TF shoot in honolulu this weekend for the release of my new modeling website DM me if you're interested!
Another week in gorgeous San Diego!
Outstanding hash tag.
getting sucked into Twitter searching for decor ideas for my events.
such a great place to share!
how are you looking out there, are you the starter or in a battle for the job?
YourSexIsWEAK If that shit gets doctor af...or maybe that's the niggas fault...hm???
tatts are nice Thanks for the follow
Wearing three pair of socks.
Thanks to , and for sponsoring this month's LIW event with !
i am but i really dont want cereal i want a meal...
if it wasnt so late i'd cook a pot of greens
yes, we do book acoustic shows!
Yo!
Can we hook up this week?
should i make some casper for saturday?
hmm
Don't give up!
Not everyone can be Sheldon Cooper!
:
PUHLEESEare we not past this racial stuff yet?
I didn't notice the color..I just watched the show.
next halloween!!
Critics say your comment has pros, cons
music is life!
Business is business.
So mind ya own business
fence Your Questions About Backyard Fence Ideas
This or that: Margaritas or Micheladas?
Look up for One, and look out for many.
Joel Garcia
Just chatted with Judith Carson for a piece about the Walk.
What an amazing woman who has dedicated herself to helping others.
How about fun optical accessories and eyewear for Mother's Day?
We're offering 20 off La Loops  perfect gift idea!
I thank god for everything he has done for me : down to keeping me out of trouble  keeping my leading lady here .
only can thank him
My fuckn I.D is expired :
Starting to eat my groceries before I check out YOLO
I Put D'Ziyah to sleep.
She was so quiet when I was holding her.
Man oh man my poor body is shot, a good rub down by babe  a blunt  I think I shall be fine :
Just now saw your tweets, thanks so much for the recommendation!
things are really stale for Netflix Instant.
Terrible selection overall
followed, follow back 
Love the new face of CareerBuilder!
:
We mashin ova here fam!!!
U had ERYBODY ROCKIN!!!
RT Was good its was good to see ya at bella32
You can log in  update from your phone's browser without fb saving your number, but it's true, thezucksucks p.s.
Looking forward to seeing your website Paul.
772sp11 hastag step
Cool, I'll be there early watching with the See you then
Thanks guys!
Definitely let us know when we do and we'll help promote it.
: im going to ask u a very important question tomorrow okay?
I have to get ready for bed now xP but i'll tty tomorrow?
3 Like I Need Some New Textin Buddies No..
Girls Can Like
Lauren great meeting you at the expo.
I guess not many people break free from the apple cult.
For those of you interested in coming to the ALPFA board meeting, we will be meeting at 8.
We will discuss elections!
That's great!
I tried the cone/tball catching game with him last night.
He loved it!
So fun to try different things out w/him.
BUT, IMO, Joshua doesn't belong n the finals.
It's my birthday!
What are you favorite Birthday Freebies?
wardamneagle Auburn's 4, and camnewton is trending worldwide: what a great weekend!
listened to your old album that came out in 1998.
Still know all the words.
3 Love you Aaron!
Happy Easter to all!!
I make the gym a priority after baby's bedtime.
If no one can watch him I do a workout video!
And my search continues...
Built it al up to throw it al away
Thanks : There's no competing with your Christmas Card photo!
yay i'll be working there hopefully it doesn't rain
we need to stop by first colony
Watched Titanic and Top Gun today
guess you're still showing up to work tomorrow bro.
Either I am high on life or I am floating.
heeheehee
Typical Twitter.
Get me back on that list.
140 limit is usually enough ...
Tonights hangout was so great...not just for collaboration, but for meeting my online colleagues!
It never hurts to be too optimistic.
Eye tunes!!!
I've never quite heard it put that way, but you're right.
While I don't support lying, if I had to choose, I gotta choose women.
What do you do if you have a zit?
Ice it with your freshly poured wine glass
now watching dirtydancing one of the best movies of all time
awesome article!
Very encouraging.
I can't wait to hit the 4,000 blog post mark
yeah if u do 'harry styles' u have to scroll down but if u add 'xfactor' to it ull get it easier
green beans, and neck
uploaded some new music vids.
check them out!!!
:
Your words are forgiven, for your love I say thank you.
At least I'm honest with you, and we broke up nicely ...
Yes!
orioles remain undefeated in arbitration hearings since 1995  the only winning streak Angelos seems to care about
FF some great accounts!
Honestly.
Boy or Girl fish?
Don't take the things God does for you for granted.
Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
I love you lol
for the rest of the niqht, i will not be the first one to call/txt someone.
im tired of startn the convos 
The survey says to rank in order of importance but does not specify if high or low  corresponds to most important.
1/2
Feels weird not sitting next to and watching one tree hill on this flight.
Guess this crying baby will have to do.
I am somewhat concerned about how many times the announcers have said sportingkc in the last 30 min.
You cute, so what?
You ain't gonna tie me down.
;
Denver Browns beat Cannons 121 and Uptown Browns lose 113 to TigerCats.
Person: where you from me: IM FROM NEW YORK BITCH  trying to make a ny accent  LOL
Thanks for listening Yuuki!
Pittsburgh Commemorative jacket!
Free football patch if we win this years Super Bowl Jacket is 299.00 9738262
bo...
lol im going tomorrow night
Thanks for your participation!
Have a great rest of your week!
My friend is using an R2D2 spatula in lieu of lightsaber.
In shock at the loss of AdoctorenneRich.
Between her and Szymborska the world has already lost too much poetry this year.
Their words live on
Do you have Betamax and Laserdisc players too?
The retro video production market is about to explode and we want in on it early.
First time you watched it?
Day 29 of 100: I am grateful for a glass full of water
Where are the laker fans lol I thought you guys would be talking shit llmao
yes hes it does :P
I didn't even get to taste it.
We stuck it in the freezer to eat next weekend.
Joe was happy with it which is a good sign.
Acting class, venue check out, dinner with mentor maybe, movie night with the loved ones!
3
Thanks for the RT!
I'm awake far earlier than I'd like..
so I'd might as well make some breakfast and get some work done while the pup and Pike are snoozing :
I'm going to be honest, everyday I feel like I wanna punch my mom, she makes me so pissed .
That was Uthoff saying he appealed it.
Doesn't mean he did.
God Did Not Call Me To Be Successful, He Called Me To Be Faithful
Interesting article.
I truly feel sorry for anyone who is trying to get close to me these days.
I'm distant.
I only want to talk about Swamp Thing.
is the best thing I ever decided to do.
Beyond angry
RT Our Bachelors may not stay engaged, but our audience does Anne Sweeney
RT : What comes into our minds when we think about God is the most important thing about us.
A.W.
Tozer
but now i do !!!
you better have me dancing at that front door !!
lol
i'm cold in this place.
RT YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people that think your world revolves around them.
:D
For sure.
I let Chris know and we are happy to have you!
Gamel's first blast of the 2012 season.
More to come please sir!
Whoa.
This Fray National Anthem is horrible.
March Madness
ahh i think you guys are gonna like the next cover :
i wish would follow me back
It would a been sad for his family lol
The orange Thai Fogo chili pepper plant that I took indoors last October  brought back outside last month, is about to flower.
200 days til opening ceremonies in London.
Been preparing for this since closing ceremonies in Beijing.
I'm going to direct noninvestmentorpoliticsrelated tweets to incessantly :D
ATTENTION!!!!
FOLLOW THE NICE SHES AMAZING DO IT OW THANKS
I probably hate you as much as i want to save you.
Total BS call.
Im gonna find a way to make it without you tonight.....
: Jeff Mathis: pinchrunner.
Just made a hail mary partnership pitch for the Project.
Thank you!
Lots of nice blog posts from FAAN!
I hear tell that earlier this evening, a governor's wife was at a local salon getting a spray tan.
I shan't say which governor.
Terrific!
RT : From the business meeting, OAH Executive Director Katherine Finley reports 2,206 in attendance at
i am dying over that colon one...
Seriously.
Migrating this site from one server to another has been such a pain in the ass.
Direct dump, upload, posts don't show.
That exact one.
I want that relationship where ..
Everybody and they mama know we together 3
Lots of volleyball this weekend w/ Friday  today.
Missed at the office today.
its very quickly turned into one of those days
One thing i hate is a sneaky mf.
Ugh:
Ya we daced on table tops and we took to many shots think we kissed but i forgot
homelessdogmusic supports helping all animals in need what can we do
A risky bet: Dodge  Cox seeks to regain its glory The ninemanager team that runs this bluechiporiented portfolio has never been afrai
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
Robert M.
Pirsig
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can stand my style of music.
my whole upper thigh.
every time.
MY HEAD IS RED MY HEAD IS RED AAHH
's Golf Central is a joke.
Come on, TDub won yesterday.
What about QSchool coverage.
Barf on the kiss Tiger's ass coverage.
Good I'm happy for you you deserve the best!
Whats his name?
I'm pretty good just getting through the last weeks of school
word!
Peace brother!
Teach your child to be a good steward of money.
Open a savings account for them.
Curtis May
no at least turn bi.lol
we are sitting here at lunch cracking up at your tweets
reaches hand towards your's the crew shall be united soon dear amigo!
Soon 
thank you so much!!!!
That's fine.
I was just wondering if you were the one who answers the phone?!
When you see crazy comin, cross the street.
For sure.
Landon is a prima donna who disappears in critical games.
Both will be surpassed by a dominant player soon.
Making dinner for my valentine.
Hopefully he's still talking to me after he eats it.
All architecture firms and architects should find fulfillment in outreach of skills in true probono work
I'm going to bring into my doctoram as the milkman.
Time's up!
Tune in tomorrow for your chance to win a  spruce up your walls this holiday.
Hope you can get over your selfhatred and start thinking you deserve some rights.
it's a deep hole you're in there.
Sadly, disagree: Good content is good content  will always rise to the top, it just might take some time
: There isn't a big man playing better than Kevin Garnett right now Marc Gasol
A library card is the start of a lifelong adventure.
Lilian Jackson Braun
Waiting on my car to get its oil changed and the all the TV is playing is KourtneyKimTakeNewYork
Livin' for my son, and I ain't even got one...
He's the ambassador.
I'm the tourist.
A white docent in residence welcomes a denizen of the Bronx to Poe's historic house.
if I play the game patient and slow I'll be good .
Only teacher wearing a pink shirt.
Just saw a frantic squirrel unwrapping foil from a pile of halloween chocolates.
Somebody is going to have a tummy ache.
LOUD THUNDER and lots of LIGHTNING near DIA!!
Be safe, and stay indoors!
dont worry, i wont date him :p Devin.Anne3
My thirst for Goofy 
Oh honey.
Me too.
I give them to kiddos in exchange for their silence.
Portland Timbers  Giant Killers?
he was scared of the storm and I tried pushing him back in his pen when he was breaking out, which I've done many times.
.
I bet Tim Wakefield holds MLB record for not making playoff roster after not missing a game all season.
two more pages, two more pages, two more pages, two more pages....
We are proud to feature you
Heading to Mpls tonight to find a little trouble;
Happy Easter!
Crawfordactivism grows, like a tree.
Also, good luck to the writers for Dare Project 19, who pulled their dares in front of the audience last night  we'll put them up soon.
get some comfy shoes, don't try that in Chucks.
And, that is Fucking awesome.
Cancer fucking sucks.
Mowing lawns in the cemetery.
Getting ready for Memorial Day.
I'm too old to be doing this.
LOW SCORING ASS GAME BUT A W IS A W LETS GO
Christian is having a great practice, see video later.
The Raider I hated the most is Lester the molester Hayes for cocky attitude and dirty play
If I was ur boyriend I would never let u go!!!
Morris Buttermaker cuz he figured out how to win with less talent than the royals and got a sponsorship from chico's bail bonds
no u love me more then him.
INDEED....
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail, it has nothing new to say.
SomeoneIWantToMeet everyone in , because they're all so amazing and i love them all so much.
PickUp line: Let's make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
I wish i could smile or laugh.
12 more days!
Play or be played.
It was great connecting with you!
I'm looking forward to our collaboration
ppl who lie about lies with the truth.
they never wanted you.
Create short, original content.
Update your site multiple times every day, no excuses.
Be as loud as you can get away with.
It was, really.
It was a total Linus and Lucy situation.
Something to be enjoyed at a slow pace: a game where a high score is 
It's like n ugly person slashing every1' s face so as not 2 stand out.
Heard of 'Accountability' ?
Everything in Winston Salem is against the law.
Shall we pick a song to begin with?
I've been listening to Rihanna on repeat lately.
What would Scandy listen to?
follow back.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it!
Jim Goodwin and/or Sydney J.
Harris 
At GW business school graduation.
No offense to the graduates but I got up at 5 AM.
I may take a nap.
I doubt it!!
The Packers r on a level that no one n the NFL can match!!
90 2nite!!
Are you a sophomore interested in a future career in business?
Be a prestigious Baker Scholar!
Applications are due this Friday at noon.
LA trmw...i love the bay though, dont really want to leave yet
Sorry heat, time to sit down!
GOT
KEEPIN UP WIT THE JONES'
Got me on that one....
bahahaha.
RT : I'm your 1 African American fan!
I'M YOUR BLACKEST FAN!
Hah!
I know so many who think the skills transfer, but they certainly do not.
I wonder if in the world of The Walking Dead I'm still alive.
Somehow, I'd face death with Katy Perry.
I'd say sorry for talking shit.
Well put and thank you for sharing that.
We set a goal to ourselves to make prayer more accessible.
Pls see: www.birdofprayer.org
Let me get this Dicefinger aka Goldfinger/ 007 film short script together LOL...
Philly to Vegas
Haven't been as much as a chatty cathy lately as I normally have been with my tweets, hm.
Guess I've been more of a passer by.
Twisting tonight at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma.
from 68 Pm.
Kids always Eat FREE!
Come in and Visit!
Seau shot himself in the chest, so they could examine his brain.
That's fucked up.
YOU are a riot!!!
I thought I'd tell you on the off chance you didn't already know this.
HA!
thanks for coming!
It was wonderful to see you as well :
good to see you again : how have you been?
I freaking love fruit smoothies, I just love them.
I get cranky now if I don't have one everyday.
Powerhouse2012 Soul Swagger Ent/Island Def Jam Artist Jonny Tee Video Shoot May 12th  Sandbar Lounge in
that just takes me to my linkedin professorle :
I split beer on my phone last night.
Call Vic if you need me.
What kind of douchebag has a picture of himself in his wallet?
Looking forward to hanging tonight with The Weasel himself, Pauly Shore, and the rest of the usual suspects.
I understand dSpace requires lot more programmer effort than fedora but I don't know.
I intend to play with both soon.
Anybody want a peanut?
Got the best titties on Twitter!!
Fact of the day: A Venus flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger
Just renewed with Flickr for another year.
Wondering if it's still worth paying for photo storage.
Any free alternatives?
But I've done nothing that I can shout about
He has a vision for how EVMS can best serve this community.
RT : True generosity is giving everything you have to every moment, and is the way of nonattachment.
Apparently I'm also a HUGE Fan of Final Fantasy 8 given all the Bandai figures and fancy Summon toys I have.
Too big, gotta sell.
:
sometimes she's hard to understand, but I like her voice a lot.
aka thevoice :
Many a day had my grandfather holding a cigarette to one to get it out.
Homemade pumpkin bars and cream chz frosting:check.
Chili simmering on the stove:check!
My apt smells amazing!
Does he know about deepfried butter?
Sounds like fun.
I look forward to seeing it.
WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin: I will never stop supporting you
I think it sounds great..
gonna need a new arena first...
BAD..
CO SHADYVILLE
hey be pushy n loud my way i like noise and physicality jk follow me por favor!
here as you know.
; and thank you!!!
doctornks are phenom.
thanks for the follow it really made my day and i cant wait to get your shirt its gonna make mhe even happy I3 you
Message me
Honestly boy, WHY DO YOU KEEP IGNORING ME?
When you hear a song and get chills
Happy Monday ClubAwesome!
Hope you all have a great week!
absolutely amazin show tonight you fuckin rocked it and did u see me making a Z with my hands LOVE U ur the best hands down
I hope it's not true
Some cause happiness wherever they go.
Others whenever they go.
We're watching that one too!
Saw my crush after like 7 months.
Hurts.
More than I thought.
The website appears to be down
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
And I know u r seeing all my tweets!
Never ask for a happy ending...at the dentist.
Our first ever newsletter is coming out tomorrow.
Go to kustomthrills.com and sign up today...
don't miss out!
hard ass practice.
So..
Two killers..
Non stop.
Ee
If you go and follow and give shout out I will love you forever : Tweet me when you doo3
thank you for following us!
Good luck in the contest 
i want to tweet photos at the PODHBCU conference next month  do i need to open a yfrog account in order to be able to do that?
I don't feel pretty.
Must summon mojo.
so comfy too!
: NOON TODAY welcomes writer  scholar Todd Gitlin for talk on Student Center East, 750 S.
Halsted
Can't say I didn't see the firing of lariviere at Oregon comingtoo bold and creative for the powers that be.
UO needs him.
I should be studying, but I get distracted too easily.
x
you are so anti Ravens it isent even funny!
But ravennation will have the last laugh when we raise the trophy
MF Changed 's On Mee.
Can't Mention Ahh MF NOR Stop To Stay Hello...
Smh Head Held Dwn
Just came back from San Jose,CA PTA convention, wow inspirational!
I learned so much.
There's no mature way to say Stop copying me.
Absolutely LOVED B's Choice.
It was the only logical one to make.
C and B belong together!!!!!!!!
Goodbye Lonely boy
Entrées are served with garlic breadsticks, fingérpaint  gardenfresh paste I just registered olivegarten.com
Thinks the only thing keeping his grading nausea at bay is this edible bouquet!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Carrot Ginger.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
It's official...
flip flop weather is here!!!
Get a half price pedi with any hair service!!
Only 19!!
You all should follow Regardless of your feelings on KONY2012, she is really smart!
Perhaps it is best to take the stairs.
I really don't like limits!
Yeah, I felt too pressured.
RT : It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
IT'S THROWBACK THURSDAY ; did you forget?
What are the odds of the game going into late night?
I can prob get down there around 630ish.
You guys were everywhere last night  great game!
Awesome defense!
I've heard about them a bit but honestly I don't really know much about them
thanks for the follow.
Love the logo.
Guessing all those boys' basketball schedules I typed in for the 201213 WI BB Yearbook will be changed with new starting date.
Sundays Latin Night  Cancun Cantina  Hanover w/Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.
Paul said, I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die ..for the name of the Lord Jesus.Acts 21:13
You're welcome!
RT Thank you, Brooks.
the avengers
It was gr8 meeting u!
RT : I went to Enterprise Your Life!
ur ipod?!?!?
what r u saying u never told me y u were mad and u dont have to just know that i am here for u
Any noise can act as a shamans rattle to chase away negative spirit, even an internal hum.
Everyone that knows Annie knows that Annie is terrified of storms at night.
He is my world...
i see you looking wit cha lookin ahh clown :D
I look down and feel the exact same honey!
I love you
Listening to your cousin right now!
What I get from church is motivation.
My dad gave me your 'Keep Reaching' sermon years ago.
It moves me every time I listen.
No school for me tomorrow!
Yay 3 day week :
canceling cable for this weekend!
LMAO JUST DIED
My newfound love for kiwi 
Please don't lose the snark!
Preds game, is comin to the ville, and the Porter Wagoner fishin tourney.
It's gonna be a crazy weekend!
The word underserved is so close to undeserved that whenever I read about helping underserved schoolchildoctorn I think why?
We are the 2
They asked me about global warming and all I could think about was the Earth wearing one of those oversized sweaters my grandma makes.
Hey Mike, just so you know, Kenny Werner is also going to be doing a FREE and open to the public masterclass at Levine on Sat.
So steamed
All the Buddhas of all the ages have been telling you a very simple fact: Be  don't try to become.
Osho
Feelin Famous Babe !
Who will be at the Local chefchallenge this weekend ?
Wishing so bad I could be a tastetester on this one...

like I know where that's
And yet again he blogged shameless, corrupt, depraved, and vicious
Kinda doctorading formal now.
That gym is small and I cant avoid the people i want to avoid:P
I noticed.
Good work :
AustinMakeANewCover please love you
what's the secret!?
I might have to try that
aha.
It looks like something I've had that is from Mongolia.
NYC has it?
No worries  thanks for the effort and appreciate it!
friday....
thank god!
: it's about 80 degrees..bit of a sunburn..all windows are open..and how's your day??
Aw sure rub it in!
Hawaii next wk!!
Is my sister in law punking me?
Mother's Day lunch at a sports bar?!?
We are honored to represent Access DuPage an NPO that provides healthcare to over 13,000 lowincome DuPage County residents every year.
No, we're FP.
We're just a bunch of college freshman who started a business to help people.
: Scrounging for resources haha
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 19
Or A Deal Who Knws Jus Pleas Go Check Hm Out On Facebook Basedqod So He Cn Ptt Memp.
On Da Map By U Sgn Hm
Trying to come up with a picture that makes me look like a technology master.
Wishing I had worn a different shirt.
thanks g.
It's so fkn crazy.
Come meet your nephew soon
whenever i feel like it
A Bugs Life is such a stupid movie.
Our lives is similar 2 the weather when were doing good its well balanced,calmed in full cruise control  no rainy days in our forecast
Friday I'm in love...
i need my bestfriend.
you should follow
Jason Kidd is only 65 mins played from passing Stockton for most mins played by a guard in NBA history.
Lookin' forward to tonight!
My band  I will be playing  Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX from 811:30pm.
Good food  live music  come on!
Like 2hrs left
Define old???
LOL!
Yep, we've got a busy spring.
is bringing half of Iceland home with her...
or at least twenty pounds of it.
The movie will never be as good as the book because Hollywood will ALWAYS sacrifice story for professort.
I promise to live tweet your Nancy Hanks arts lecture w/ the same alacrity and wit with which you live tweeted the
Yeah I love u, BUT I don't like u
Somewhere a lonely robot is waiting by their robophone for that special someone to robocall them.
So one car spins with no contact and heads into the pit and it's a full course caution?
WTF?
Is NASCAR for princesses?
F1 FTW
I'm SO glad!
My policy expires there this month, and I was prepared to move!
: Thanks
will Peyton come in as a the starter and bye bye Tebow or will tebow stick around for guidance from manning???
Carpet cleaning isnt the only high quality service Revolutionary Cleaning delivers.
me too!!!
For instance what does FF mean?!
Lol
Hey I found a new favorite Moscato!!
Cupcake Vineyards Moscato has taken over the top of my fave wines list!!
It's a happy moment for twitter!
My phones dying and I have no charger.
I see your smiles already.
prayersformeagan and her family.
I will never forget you.
Apparently I'm popular in real life although you wouldn't know it in real life.
There are 15 other Peter James Smiths on , but has definitely won the best twitter handle contest.
M, stir, crunch, crunch, crunch, heaven.
integration with Facebook is very hit or miss, works superbly with twitter  foursquare.
Hate that I can't forward on demand.
Tom Benson is buying the Hornets.
Now New Orleans can finally pull off that trade for Lamar Odom.
Didn't even notice that.
That opens him up to more jokes though.
Following Arsenal v.
Sunderland via twitter.
Oh, how I miss the snarky, sarcastic tweets of the footie bloggers.
Chemistry test time...a little nervous
RT : Sometimes all u got to do when u pray is say thank u.
Every morning I thank the man for every blessing.
.
totally agree.
Great recruiting job for Stanford, but let's see what he does with that talent.
Fingers crossed.
/cc
My life should be a Cinemax!
Uhg i hate this.
Theres noting reasonable to even say
the dump video is freakin funny!
Sounds like he's butthole is on fire haha
thanks for the
: Haha not stalkers luckily.
Nice fans : now friends!!!
Party mode ON stranger danger!!!!!
Sometimes, karma doesn't work that's why revenge is essential.
how's twitch?
First 3 to reply get free pass to tonight's Tequila Fest in Austin!
W.casachapala.com
Experimenting with my new phone ...
typing is hard on these things!
Appreciate your RT:
Good morning and Good Monday Atlanta, rough weekend for a Georgia sports fan, thought our Falcons were going to pull that one out
This is the playoffs baby!!!!
love it.
This series has officially reached meltdown level
first day with grandma here was a success!3
till I need to re up
That taco salad was that shhhhhhhhhhhheeeeettttt
where is the selfdevelopment/conf option i can share with folks to learn to take responsibility for their lives/work etc?
Thanks for following me.Stay creative and blessed.
ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s have anything about team edward or team jacob in your bio lol
This is gonna sound stupid, but I would go to war.
I'm curious about what responses you get for this...
Happy Valentine's Day 
I love you too
And how about Flaco's long range shot in the first half that barely missed?
Whos writing this stuff
nah.
Stevie will be there though.
Maybe our doctormmer Alex too.
You should still check it out.
We'll be back after thanksgiving
It's advantageous to an author that his book should be attacked as well as praised.To keep fame,it must be struck at both ends.SamuelJohnson
Spread the word!
We are looking for a doctormmer.
Yea sometimes she do too much...
but she da only one on here that actually back her stuff up...
cuz Evelyn only throw doctornks LMAO
When are you done with finals?
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
Dj, if i ask you to play anything beyonce and you play single ladies..you lose creativity points, and we can't be
: Get out and vote in the PA Democratic primaries today!
It's important to exercise your right to vote, even in primaries.
Lucky!!!
Take pics when installed, thinking about it as well.
Fun fact: is featured in a photo of college newspapers in McGrawHill's Advertising  Promotion textbook.
Join our mailing list to get the latest updates
hate us so hard right now
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Mike Mishkin!
All the best to you!
Great post, Bob!
Are author videos the new article abstract?
I think not, but agree that thinking about mediarich future scholarship is interesting
Day 4 and 1 flight already down only 4 more to go then to try to get home
im mad and sad right now.
I feel the tears coming on :
RT  The New England Patriots Are Once again on Top Yet again Error Reported, We are sorry for that !
Lol Check Out My New professorle Picture
i substituted french fries w/ cool ranch doritos.
not a much better choice.
last one, it was good considering this was an odd time for 's fans
Juss gave my bby a bath he smell good :
At 1 a.m.
today, 570 students took advantage of our 24/7 study space this week in Geisel Libraryand there's room for more.
DIXON, IL, PIRANAH IS COMING!
Benefit 4 the family of JEFF LINSCOT  it will be held April 7the  the Moose Lodge in Dixon.
Cant wait to see you in the future when you need me again.....
Hahaha Payback is a bitch!

great to meet you at GCUC, and thanks for giving us a lift.
so sorry to miss the shindiggery tonight!
what about run joe run joe
: Great demo of Amplify tool to aggregate industry social data and share with workforce
Hi's  Lows for the DeMatha family.
going to the chip in Cumberland..tough loss for Coach Brey  J.
Grant.
Not embarrassing at all.
I'm missing it, too :
Fav pajamas, Christmas tree lights, hot green tea, Frank Sinatra playing in the background, and my kindle on pg 230 of my new book!
We have some giveaways to celebrate our launch!
Stay Tuned!
Wesley Bennett is the next coach fortner...
except he's an overachiever.
awe thanks boo : hahaha
Oh gosh I'm so tired ill have to tweet the pictures and that tomorrow :D :' can't believe how amazing it was!
It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom
Are you ready?????
Irish Proverb Every invalid is a doctor.
Hey as a long time on time paying customer, I have to say I am so disappointed right now.
haha : my hair is just too thick,but its soft :
Romans 8 today!
miss her hair
So today I walked back into my 1st Equity Chorus Call in 2 years...prior to the audition I was laughing out of control  NERVOUS TWITCH?
Join me this morning on the Richard Randall show  740AM KVOR.
Hey!
!!
it was like we've knoweach other for years!
Lol Goodtimes!
thanks .
Looks like those strong cells over Frederick/Clark counties in VA are headed towards Mt.
Weather, then Middleburg?
I'll be right behind you homie.
Thanks!
It took me 3 times but I finally did it.
I scared tommorow she cant go :
One week from today, and I will at Animal Kingdom to see giraffes!
Can't wait!
You're right, it's much easier to read.
Maybe once the iPhone textbooks take off there will be a bigger push for Kindle ebooks.
That's the first doctorm beat I ever learned!
damn you fine ahh..
you're the best!
We're using AWSEarthDay.
Are you coming to the picnic after?
Free food!
Encourage new members to visit any rotary club in the WHOLE world.
It's exciting to travel around and meet Rotarians.
leg warmers, too, don't forget those.
Heading to Laredo TX for business.
Saaawwweeeeeettt.
Its playoff time in san antonio gospursgo we going for 5 !
I don't wanna leeeeaaaave!!!!
its called I'm a big bad senior idis
RT : My fave Hetrick PR moment was the 5 Ws plus one.
i wonder how long u can go without sleep before dying
Yup.
All the Sun journalists.
The Sun total doesn't count journalists working for our community news group though.
Game time!
LETS GO MIAMI
u trip me out.
I've been working remotely for almost 2 weeks.
Now I'm on my way in to the office and not really interested in being there.
what sister?
Good morning 2 all.time 2 get the day going.
Happy holidays everyone!
can you be mature for once in your life?
and you call yourself a senior?
Why I can't be me?
Cause erybody wanna b
: Just want to start by tweeting, Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!!
You all really rock!!!
flipclass 4thchat edtech
I'm pretty sure I'm down
Yay just met :
I want an r2d2 cake
RT : i just wish there was some way of knowing what would happen if a mildly retarded repub guv from texas became president.
Anchorage Open house this Saturday.
11  3.
Music, train rides, hot dogs, balloons!
And some great deals on summer train rides.
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS ALMOST HERE GET READY PARTY BUS IS ON THE WAY
nice.
sounds like is classin' it up a bit.
good thing i closed the gamecast
my life.
Playing hooky from grad class tonight in favor of reading Hunger Games on my balcony
Any time!
It was a lot of fun!
About to push away from the gate!
See you Monday Milwaukee!
I'M BORED
Glad you found the information useful!
wow I just realized I've missed like 3 weeks of it cause I've been watching baseball on wednesday nights haha
I'd be anxious to see me too RT : Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Exactly!
My fave: coach brought World Peace...off the bench.
Coach B is 1st person ever given credit for WP.
that said unless the private university outsourced the pension investment function, your suspicions may be correct
Jesus Loks does love me.
Karla said so :
Great mtg w/you 2day.
Solid year end meeting.

has officially hit over 9 MILLION on youtube!!
THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE SUPPORT!!
That was sick.
Jeff Is there a patch/doctorver that will make the 4500 printer work with OS X Lion?
BILLBOARDAWARDS can't wait!!!
Rolled a bomb in on 18 to win by one stroke.
RT : WOW....look at who's still got it!
Big day ahead digging into 5.0!
Love getting a goblue from a random person as I walk to the office.
Great way to start the day.
Damn people!!!
Stop interacting with me.
Lol
lololol yuck.
I don't even get why they follow random people.
What are they trying to accomplish?
Haha
He said: I keep trying to die but they won't let me.
She said: Well you can't get everything you want.
Had a great Easter.
RipBiggie 15 yrs ago today, 1 of the most influential MC's the game has ever witnessed died!
I hope to God that it's just part of the virus and just the whole you'll have to just run its course stuff.
Thanks Ernie!
Very cool.
Ryan Braun....
Wow
still super sick :'
Obama did the same thing here that he did in Maine, and I thought it was a shit decision in both places.
Why the senister picture of Tiger on Vanity Fair cover?
Looks criminalish What's up w/that?
he has it on Friday : every Friday
Things said at yesterday's concert: I think there's someone stealing girl's pants.
She ran like a gazelle when the 3 cop cars showed up!
...
dont you dare call Chachi a fake..IVE lost respect for you cause ur starting shit online..just stop right now...ridiculous
sacscoc identify class goals/link to student goals
Sitting in bed doing homework for hours om end every day is getting really annoying and old.
About to hop on this young shower n get ready for school
These Merchant Application PDFs are fascinating.
Not crazy about the matchup with the Lions but if u need a WR to start, you could do worse than Earl Bennett.
Buzzing in the Beehive.
Great working space.
Thanks !
Cheapening is often shorthand for generational shift.
Do you have a question about the social safety net that you'd like us to take to the White House tomorrow?
Tweet us at
They totally can be.
So can computer code, believe it or not.
: But that's a good one for sure.
LMSunSIG accessibility google voice transcriptionone of every three words makes sense
Never Felt This Wayy
yooo tell my bestfriend i will be out there next week.
hey did you like my card from last night?
:
Markets are digesting all those triple digit moves.
Get ready for a ride.
Up or down.
Short the waves.
Shorting 101 by Dietch
Bruh its a nigga in fitness connection doctoraded harder than bob marley.
I would twitpic dis nigga but I'm no groupie
Congrats to my son, coach Law, the Pup, for a state championship season in Texas.
Way to go man.
When I'm txting someone and someone else takes their and txts me instead and I have to reply and be nice
Hi everyone!
How are you doing?
I hope your weekend rocked.
Did you make it by SUBWAY?
:
...also, I don't want to 'fuck my couch,' ok?
...it's a real thing, skeetin in ya furniture cushions...smh...
youre more than welcome
uggh never seen but I can imagine..
Damn this SNOW WHITE is hella stoney
I need to start looking for a summer job 
Good luck!
Kick butt, my friend!
Niall may be getting a separate flight from the other boys.
Today I realised that when you blink really fast it looks like a strobe light.
I've been having random parties throughout the day.
Thanks Tim Ruiz at .
I now have tickets to see Cubs take on the Padoctors this Wed.
Yippee!
great to meet you at Mad Square today Troi!
A lovely intro to NY I'll be back!
could be...than I wonder if RFM was utilized to generate the mail segments?!
So far we've done nothing at school only 4 more hours it something like that
Urbanovsky Park  6 PM  Ultimate Frisbee  Volleyball  Be there!!!
Fun  games followed by some worship!
can I come over
At the back Doc now...hoping to get some relief.
Fingers crossed.
good indeed.
Letterman should moderate presidential debates.
His interview with Herman Cain was very good.
FREE scooter rental challenge coming soon....STAY TUNED!
Don't miss on the chance to win a FREE 7 day scooter rental delivered to your hotel
Last tweet: Hugo Claus, Wonder
I'm guessing tomorrow's raw is going to be big?
Best of luck to you in your match.
Dnt kno y I'm still up can't sleep
Happy Easter everyone!!!
Hope you are having a great day: 
lmao!!
I don't even know what that means, but hang in there for a few more days.
ya got it!!
cuz I missed you...
I got it....Thanks tho.
I am a little slow today
its 11:18pm, should i start my homework now??

delivered  good one!
hanging out with my family in VA can u call me cause my phone screen is fucked up
There is no Djokovic era.
It's a good thing we're moving soon because the yelling in here is getting intense.
Your my Angel sweet Angel of mine
Don't make me come down there.
God Hahaha
Black On Black Murder 
You look tired is just another fancy way to tell someone they look like shit...
why not just say that in the first place?
you're
No Coogs, you're the man
Does Iced coffee help you work smarter?
77 of respondents to a DD survey say that doctornking iced coffee makes them more productive
When you limit the purpose of any given space, you clarify the space around it.
Limiting options for where something can go is clarifying
Takes alot of work to produce and direct my short film, but I love it!z!!
Laying the foundation for accountable care presented by doctor Steve Waldoctorn today at 11 a.m.
at TransforMED booth at HIMSS 2012.
My nails lookin Gorgeous lol;i did some stripe lookin stuff :
LOVES the sudden downpour and thunder and lighting  and is happy she watched it from inside.
:
And I decided you look well on me
,Your Tweets Crack Me Up Man!
lol XD 3
You cannot be great without enjoying the process
Tibetan Book of the Dead, my professorssor recommended it.
On my summer reading list once school is done.
Wait...
the homeless use stuff and we can make money from it?!?!
See, damn, run an offense and all is well.
Keep it together KU
yes!!!
I may be asleep on that couch haha
c.
breezy lookin like a sexier, younger version of dennis rodman in international love.
baby, really diggin that suit and blonde hair
EVERYBODY SHUT THE HELL UP.
4 MINUTE SPIDER MAN PREVIEW!
does this mean you're buying the Bobcats?
This!
I can't wait to see you guys again!
RT : Missing my QCMerge friends!
I'm lookin at you !
RT I ain't payin none of these loans back salley mae can kiss my ass!
Start the new year off right, we're open for brunch til 230.
Loaded hashbrowns sound good?
:D
I'ma show you a punk
He who receives a benefit should never forget it; he who bestow should never remember it.
playing juke for a crowd that is making me feel old at Sonar.
Shit happens, its Life!
thank you 3
just got home kinda just well anyways s mad at me so.....
Always makes me so happy when I get to see two of my favorite people and :
Amen!
MT Hiring criteria: Enthusiasm.
Passion.
Energy.
Engagement.
Curiosity.
Breadth.
Thoughtfulness.
Listening intensity.
Ankles aren't meant to bend that way.
Appreciative of RT  wishing u all a wonderful evening, happy Friday  a great weekend!!
Singing the songs of Jerry Herman tonight!
6 pm!
You won39;t miss any of the good Oscars.
you looked really lovely in your doctorss!
and its so you!
I hope you had a great time at Gala!
love you!
D
It's the last Student Section of the year today from 46.
Lots of time to look at the last four years, but the show will go on.
: thas wassup u behaving yaself in the  lol yea but I'm in Memphis
show me tomorrow...
or send me the lyrics via skype or something.
Tminus 15 days til the premier of Servant Warrior Radio.
I'm jacked!
Station 2 b announced on Friday.
God rocks!
Armor Up!
also cake
It's 2012.
Why do we still not have a cure for writer's block???
Music is music.
I can listen to what I want, you can listen to what you want.
I wont hate on your opinion so dont hate on mine.
I m sorry about ur pc
Lol slow poke
I smell a blog post!
Congrats and thank you for your support of SEOMoz!!
While we are just baby shareholders now, I look forward to meeting and learning.
Peyton may have been a bad move for Denver.
He's not exactly healthy  he ain't young either.
Dunno if they got Stanton.
Thank You!
follow me and i will follow you
Tim Horton's hates me.
I never win.
SO UGLY
Another e.g.: ITHAKA is on stage representing publisher opinion.
No, no.
Doesn't involve running outside.
I only have shorts...haha
If I could build a time machine to 5 years ago, I would totally write a vampire book.
I'm wearing UK when I'm not wearing UK.
I just booked a supporting role in the feature film Democracy At Work!
Yay!
Once again hunting 4 north metro features/professorle ideas.
Send me your thoughts re: interesting people, places, programs in north suburbs!
Welcome to cbus!
Join us for breakfast or lunch!
We are across from the venue!
Ask for Zack, lunch is on me!
Listening to talk about incorporating handmade into a totally digital company.
Handmade is irreplaceable.
Well, now you should be able to time how long it would take to get from the booth to the office, and through the rehearsal room.
Goes back to D.
Weinberger's ex.
of celeb news coverage.
It's useless until someone wants to study it.
Support Independent Clothing Lines.
Happy Easter!
I hope your day was filled with family, fun, and Praise!
Thanks neighbors for a great fall party.
Best one yet.
1 RT Q2: Weirdest was probably helping a dominatrix upload her pictures to Craigslist.
can,t really pin point it just certain things
Goodnight guys, off to bed.
: skipping school 2morrow, feeling like bleehh.
:o Love y'all, goodnight love's!
Xo 
He wasn't doctorpping the ball...you're OUT!
Penalty!
Out of the game dude.
Stop ruining your colleague's presentation
I  nature, I really do, animals, insects  earth etc...but not when it desires to invade my living quarters uninvited...so yeah.
Work Of Art is the best tv show bravo has ever made.
I'm such a sucker for all this bs art school crap!
So hilarious!
Aw!
I am mostly offline lately, but projects are done so I'll be around more.
My hair is just blowin all over the place its annoyin cuz i hav lip gloss on
there is something....
...cruising in Baltimore
Enjoying lunch with
Is on set the price of GRIND gotta love the journey
I think there's a blind date happening next to me.
I don't think it's going well for him.
Hmm, let's see, a review on Reviewstream, an article on Yahoo!
Voices, a blog post, 2 textbroker articles, and an examiner article...
Anyone know any good coffee  wine bars in the Cobble Hill area with free wifi that allow laptops on a Friday night?
Have work.
guys, be proud.
Got like 1 shade darker.
LETS CELEBRATE
RT Mañana 6am shares growing up in BoyleHeights  tips on eating healthy
Close a little further Northeast.
Same basic concept though.
Also a bird for a mascot.
Hi Sue, Merry Christmas and must success in 2012.
Also, thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
You think I do?!?!
If they come to my door, I'm answering it nekkid!!!
;
He told me he's fuhken horny and my response was aww goodnight!
ha

:0 :O WE MUST HANG OUT SOON...
my costume was awesome.
even though I had moose knuckles.
hahaha club foot ger
re: eggbot.
Ha!
All those blogposts on eggs, and here there's a robot that could decorate eggs instead .
.
.
The best vision is insight  Malcolm Forbes
Proud of our Spiders  Matt, Aaron, John, Sam, Kyle and Adam  for taking 1st place at the 2012 ACG Cup against Darden, Wm  Mary, VT, VCU.
A moment of silence for 's lifesize Brett Favre fathead...
Time has come to take it down..
A new Brett rules this house!
YES!
RT : Learn to b  peace w/ ur choices.
U chose what U chose.
How can U make it work/better?
Stop stewing/Start doing
: time to clean!
I don't believe this!!
this is one of the best things ever :'
her ugly hats weigh more than she does.
I'm tired.
I need a well needed nap!
goodnight, Cole!
Sweet doctorams!!
3
RT : Im in the Army I can't smoke weed.
Or I would  amen
Have you checked out the game for autism?
Check it out at www.D3xsoft.com let us know what you think!
Master class at La Roche College in Pittsburgh, today!
It isn't raining and the sun is out and it is warm outside.
It must be a doctoram, this can't be seattle.
RT Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence.
Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent...
Falling asleep during christmas specials just isnt the same without
Going to go to northpark to see what they offer!
Thank U for the follow!
Have a great day!
Looking forward to your tweets!
Neighbors in Golden Valley react to the release of highrisk sex offender Clarence Opheim.
Listen to my report at 4:03 on WCCO Radio 830 AM.
wow.
actually talked about marching band to me...
FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dear lord.
sign of the apocalypse.
no lie
lolz!
Im not fat.
Im plumped.
Jamie to Landon: You're my Angel!
:' A Walk to Remember
Looks like we'll be able to screen Colfax  Denver Comic Con  QA!
ha....
soo...
school tomorrow?
RT : Id say it illustrates the importance of the patient in the process.
The bottleneck is most important.
thanks, right back at ya!
Honestly, I'm too much of a nice guy to do that to Kunis.
I'd prob.
just keep them to myself.
I liked the last game where my blood pressure and stress level was not off the chart
The secret to happiness is to do what you love, with the people you love...
Lary Daley, Night at the museum: Battle of the Smithsonian
Stay away from the bad things there are so many great things out there to get into
Calvin Klein opening Sports Apparel Stores in USA and China.
Should be a winning project!!
One expert said the district is taking a dangerous position that could expose them to lawsuits if activists so chose to do so.
how old is that?
Your boy probably isn't playing well cause hes occupied by someone on his mind......RIAN.
sorry wildcats!
In Paris this week I met Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician.
Gave me his CD.
Hoping we stay in touch.
sounds like a great guy to work with and/or for.
Just sayin'
Thx.
I have family in Gypsum and Salina.
So scared for eveyone.
Keep me posted if you can.
Stay safe
I hate waking up!!!
Just received beautiful scarves from Marquette University  thank you Dean RichardsWilson.
They are being mailed to Poland this week.
I make art from fish food.
Really it's more of me overfeeding him until he explodes, but on a lighter note I think I discovered a new color.
Happy World Sight Day everyone!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA KYLE LICKS EGGS!!!!
AH
very charming:
the kid's name is Falcon Heene.
enough said.
the balloon touched down, btw.
he's not in it.
poor falcon heene.
RT : You can't wait for inspiration.
You have to go after it with a club.
Jack London via
This nigga took words right out my mouth..
yes that was my bro
doctorving across the country promoting and looking for the most erotic girl in the USA.
Is she you??????
NowPlaying Paul Van Dyk / Live  Mayday 2004  Great for building out another View Environment.
only when i do forehead kisses are they cute
That could be a long discussion.
To all our Clients/friends on the E Coast: Be safe and Be well.
I would like to welcome each and every new member to the Colonials Family!
Lets see.
Some folks didnt want the president talking to their kids yet a lot of those folks take their kids to R rated movies,
Doesn't getting arrested in an Occupy event ruin your resume?
Just wondering....
hey there,
Can you please Follow and ;
i havent seen the news, but judging from the trending topics...
it looks like president obama announced his support for greg oden.
Hip Hop is back...
X Factor's Astro signs deal with Jigga with Roc Nation!
A Few Ideas Regarding Presenting Gifts To A Golfer error
Hating Mondays?
90 of people, who hate Mondays, slacked on Friday.
1/7 of your life, is a lot to waste.
We work extra hard on Fridays.
Plz let me have smth nice for dinner.
Been eating good food on cruise  I'm pretty much used to it.
Kkz nap time now.
Motivos founder will be a guest on tomorrow morning's Ahora Sí!
radio show on 67 AM!
Call in at 2156346342.
ff follow this amazing guy!
:D
I like your way of thinking on this.
Glad other girls think that!!!
Yes!
It was conveniently located.
Overwhelming, but a good time!
not cool
is now
Sweet!
RT : b leaving in a few hours.
Can't wait who hooooo
This just in  Gainesville Tonight.
hope to see you there, tell a friend to tell a friend
laying down listing to great music
PUSHP U S H!!!!
The Iron Lady is a jocular live action what if cartoon fantasy about Meryl Streep serving as British Prime Minister.
doctoradful.
lucky!
I'm jealous I don't know if you still have my number but its 4127798323 !
I'm cheating on Diet Coke because I have just discovered a little bit of heaven known as Diet doctor Pepper.
I can't get enough!
bout what?
OMG William Levy in white pants shaking his butt on DWTS!
Great game SAINTS!
We luv you in ABQ NM
Now that is a very real worry!!!
:
correct, unless you live in the Towers.
are you doctorving?
Ugh my sister is still made at me and won't come out of the roomI miss herI miss hanging out with her but I'm scared to tell her I'm sorry
You too
CIAA is causing all kinds of havoc today!
I love being
Guitar solo!!
star is alica crying again
I'll be working on a post for for this week on marriagesure to make some unnerved
threw away to coffees this morning.
got 2 milkshakes
: not again for a while, i don't think.
nyc is exhausting!
Just leaving the Graves County Democratic breakfast.
Now headed to the Mayfield Chamber of Commerce.
Fancy Farm is just a few hours away.
When your uterine lining looks like the elevator from The Shining!
actually twitter is the byproduct of doctorgs :
google The Mulligan Project, sexy and dark and groovy ;
follow me me and I will follow u even though I am
If she isn't fired , she will quit.
She was apparently booed out of a fayetteville bar over the weekend.
Definitely!!
So glad to hear from you!!!
We must get together ASAP!!!
Mountain dew should be called chemical dew
and we'll all float on, okay.
Heartshaped pizza and sushi on the menu for Vday dinner.
Lucky guy!
I don't follow just anybody.
I boiled them for a minute first, then sauteed for 5 min.
Should be ok :
didn't even know they had those
The US House of Representatives sent me a 2012 calendar.
So glad they spent time and money on something I'm going to throw out.
Sounds good to me too :
Lol.
I Was doctorssed And Everything .
But Then iWas Like Ugh I'll Just Go On The Last Saturday .
:
Waiting for lunch to cooksalmon  asparagusthen a short break before getting back to the grind.
Ugh...
I have been overly stressed out and will continue to be that way until May 18th at 5:31pm.
Follow along with for update from game two of the WCHA Playoffs first round action as takes on Mankato
Imagine what the WSU Bball team would be like if Clay and DeAngelo had stayed?
Wow.
What's the biggest relationship deal breaker?
I'll have my velour track suit ready!
Wat up u kno I got ur boy in trouble rite
Michelle Pfeiffer just made that cigarette look so good..
POP COLLAR
Seattle what are some good community calendars where I can post our upcoming June 4th benefit sale?
And all these midterms.....crazy!
I just finished one that you might like: Tribute by Lisa Henry.
she looks delicious.
improudtosay that i am bisexual
no did you see my other tweets I said I wanna go home
on the KNPR you're doing it big time!
I love seeing it.
Keep it up
so it want be all babyish
Beautiful animated image of Silver Falls, Oregon today on bing.
Been there many times.
Gorgeous.
Check it out  bing.com.
ha roberts girl was playing with my colorfull balls in the dark
Getting ready to speak at Rep.
Crenshaw's 13th annual Democratic fish fry.
Tailgating UKUL game next, followed by the big game itself.
Jeff White at Venture Forum .
.
.
mobile is the next big wave.
you talking about those Hoosiers?
They shined for a couple nights.
Not so much now.
They are money at home though.
warm up in here.
worship was awsom this morning I have really missed leading worship  is glad 2 B doing it again : blessings :
lol, great video.
Common problem among young athletes!
Is anyone else just getting spammed like crazy on twitter lately?
Thank you for the RT!
You are an incredible advocate in so many ways!
k thanks
Curious George with the walkoff!!!
Theyre not womens clothes.
Theyre my clothes.
I bought them.
Eddie Izzard
Ampheta Man?
Or a female Amphetamina?
It's hard having a conversation with the person you love when they seem like they don't wanna talk.
Soon.
Let's do a story for my site!
Congrats to the Mavs!!
Keep crying Bosh!
LOL
Don't give up on the members of your team that initially push back; they have the best potential to get on the bus.
SeanLetwat
Well goodnight thoughts in my head, pains in my heart, may you please be gone tomorrow
Ginny39;s Friends: Postmenopausal hell for horses
Colored pens to doodle with, the highlight of 2 days of training: money well spent.
RT : Who is going to go see that movie Battleship with Rhianna in it?
let me down smh
Isn't that wonderful?
Murder by Pancakes
I would probably faint...
It would be AMAZING!
exceptional gyro at manny's cafe.
too bad the spanikopita did not follow suit.
The Cubs owner is a RWNJ?
Cheap owner, all about professort, taxpayer industry, etc....another example of Greed  Hypocrisy.
Home Sweet Project.
you need to get yourself a cute little wig, and have your stylist cut and style it.
aye u back home
doctor Alan Lechusza Aquallo's new compositions present traditional Bird Songs to a contemporary audience at Mingei International on Saturday.
i mean using most was inappropriate ....
tired
Thanks so much for the tweet about Scrubly Diego!
Would love any additional feedback you have.
aye, i tweeted yewww from mah other account but follow?:
I need to make some crazy money before the weekend so my storage full of art doesn't get auctioned off next week.
my bad I been working and shit sorry wassup
If you think you have no reason to live, take a look around at your friends and family and you'll see the reason
Double D consistently underscored, but Packer Nation came through.
omg totally.
To bad we weren't closer to take a break together lol
She said I act like I don't give a shit I told her its ckuse I don't give a shit lol
I know but damn though...
Lol
You get in really good shape :
About to sneak in LA Fitness
Always remember if you have a ?
about where to bet or about a game, email at and we will do our best to answer fast
Thanks for the love, much appreciated.....
Thank you!
I appreciate the love and support!!
the moon!
i need a new desk chair...my back is killing me!
I have no idea whom you mean by KJ7!
I follow you !
good morning MKE  you can still get MEglio's Triple Baked Pies for 56 off at www.crowdclick.com!
If you need HVAC installation in your home, business or enterprise we are proud to offer you the best service on this area.
Ranking the 50 Best NFL Head Coaches of All Time  Bleacher Report
Your winning Red Sox run lies on first ladies and gentleman...
Off to bed, goodnight :
Blah, as soon as I switch to uverse.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 88
nice to nearly meet you before you got kicked out of your seat!
The website is coming out real nice!
Coming out next week we promise!
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Buddha
Thank you for following us Grannies, !
We look forward to following you.
Saw U in Ka'ramuu Kush's short film  PAFF.
Nice surprise  the camera loves you  get in front of it some more!
:
Guys.
I'm going to spam until she answers.
K?
Where's the Greenbay PACKERs game?
It was advertised to be shown at 4:15 today and now it's an infomercial?
Disappointed all FANs
you guys coming for the voice?!
Opting out is becoming more difficult  subjective or is the challenge in the design of the interface?
If it's for a cause or something good natured, that's fine.
No problem.
But when it's some jackass begging for attention, it annoys me.
He switched lanes in the Lowry Hill tunnel.
In the world of ebooks, kindles and ipads...the easiest thing is to work the h3ll out of the Internet.
Start there.
'the kids are disco dancing.'
thanks for following!
my dad wanted me to pass on that ur sister had a really good game
I have a knot in my back the size of china 
Great thing 'bout God is He puts you exactly where in the Universe you need to be...
like on a southern treelined pool patio with the boys.
im not wastin my time im bloking u
great an u
I think your seagulls have been conspiring with my 7am crows!
looks like we'll have to check them out!
Thanks!
you entering right?
I would rent it, but I don't have a PS3 nor am I going to fork out another subscription fee to play a game online :
Damn, no ME3 for me :/
manningmarable  gone too soon.
We learned so much from you.
RIP.
Montberte you're the best, that was a great question!
Shit I hate to think lowe is out of gas
my wifi is too slow tonight to stream my shows...
GOOD MORNING HANDSOME!: 3
Email bro!
Oh mumford and sons.
Why do you guys rock so much.
Some people are naturally violent and some others become violent after they have kids.
Where's the receipt?
I have a return!!
this sounds like real progress.
be well.
Just saying that would be excellent replacement for on Two and a Half Men.
much better than Rob Lowe
pretty good!
Thanks for asking.
Hope this finds you and yours doing good!
Have a great weekend!
It's happening
For Gmail sorting not easy.
What is the tool folks are using?
OH: that tuna dog licked me in my teeth!
Whatever happened to Martika?
Woah  Blast from the past 80's hits on Spotify!
yeah he texted me to look it up.
couldnt believe it
haha its On Demand, gonna invest some time when Zac's not home so I don't have to torture him with GIRLZ.
I feel like I been at the nail salon all damn day, but I had fun by my damn self..
The men of action are, after all, only the unconscious instruments of the men of thought.
thx for follow!
I've got a few people going to kings island on Sunday.
You're welcome to come
I just stumbled upon Old Mythologies simply amazing!
About to dig into the album for 1st time.
Great stuff!
Steps to Networking  Visibility leads to Credibility which then leads to professortability
I am dying at this Britney Blue Jeans video.
I'm ready to be cremated rn.
Oh crap, just got a one round sit out in detention penalty for accendently exposing carfs
Who knew that working on a couple's wedding ceremony was the cure for the common cold!
Still sick, but doing a mitzvah certainly helps!
When we switched to food, he didn't even want what I cooked fresh .
.
preferred an organic brand.
I can cook!
shut up.
;p
Doesn't it just suck?
combined, of course, w/ the demands of always shopping
aw I hate when I do that.
.
.
Did that last weekend :/
What part of the writing process involves screaming, punching walls, and selfloathing?
Because it seems to be the bulk of it.
You up for a breakfast meeting in the morning?
getting ready for 's sweet 16!!!
i can't wait!
Obama is at the kentucky/miss basketball game....and a baby was thrown at him.
Please kiss my baby on the forehead!
stoked to be a part of it!
reading 's tweets hmm..
goes and grabs popcorn hehe this is gonna be fun :
I'm DMing you the deets
The tech support at my credit union is idiotic.
Make sure your computer settings are set at Medium or Lower.
I was asking about a 404.
Do you all have facebooks?
What is your FB username ?
I will add you.
Pumped about in Chicago!
I plan to attend a few events, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't most excited 4
Sunday Jazz Tomorrow 43  1043 E 43rd  ChiTown; 7:30 Show  10 Admin  There's NO Work on MONDAY Hope 2CU!
one bullet, TWO SHOTS
its taurus season 3
Thank you to whoever stole my head phones and jamed my gym locker causing my to have to CUT my favorite vira purse.
Have fun scumbag.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
i dont like to share with sammy.
:P Anyone wanna Cupcake?
There shouldnt be commercials during intervention i get all worked up..tears and all..then boom a tampon commercial.
your right hommie I have to remain humble and positive
Why only iOS?
Serious question.
I love looking at the Hollywood sign, there is something so magical about it.
Its represents so much history and a beacon of hope to all.
My pleasure.
hey idk if i did anything to make you mad but if I did I'm sorry
cool okay.
don't get mad when I get home and best yo ass then :
Much love for Anglotopia.
We are anglophile's as well!
Redskins' pick is in.
doctormisterll please.
Could it be...
Matt Kalil?
not excited about having to wake up early tomorrow for graduation rehearsal.
But of course...
The doctorAM Act has been part of the legislative agenda for over a decade
good times.
I have class in about 45 mins or else I would!
But I'm going to be here tonight!
you and look great in your professorle pic....
IT'S ABOUT TIME SOMEONE DIES IN THIS MOVIE !!
There's probably irony in my using Steve Keene's rockroll paintings to muffle 's doctormming through our floor vents.
I'm eating oatmeal to get my health on..
because, you know, it's january, and everyone does it.
I forgot how gross oatmeal can be.
Wht bout the whole thing for 15
Might need to get me some NEW TEXTING BUDDIES
There a few minutes early so we have time to tape them on the outside first.
:
We're back on the map people.
Show at Finn's inn, Marion April 14.New dead tunes which I realize is a bit of an oxymoron
course basura!
We got you!
: hit me up if yall do something after
me too.
lol
Happy Birthday Ashlee!!!
3 hope you had an amazing day fulfilled with many wishes 3
Terrible gas leak or something at Lenfante Plaza.
Everyone sick, coughing, and tearing.
HAHAHAHAHA THATS HILARIOUS..ps that would be soo weird to see yourself on a poster just walkin down the street..
Yes I wondered about the visible code!
TY
good to hear...
But my interest is sports waned a bit on my trip, gotta get on that horse
my next song a freestyle called atom bombs
Thanks there was much talk of this CMS wizardoctor that needed some explaining.
Haha
have always mixed the whole thing and filled two 64 oz glass bottles.
: By far Baylor ahead for Ugliest Tournament Uniforms have you not seen UL's InfraRed?
give thanks for this, my sister.
1love
from like um 830 but he test startd  9am to around 12pm
Yay: composing my book's photo shoot itinerary!
Looking forward to working w/  !
No Justin Bieber at Party In The Park?
BO!
Wondering why OOMF ain't texting me!
Good luck on that one Tosh!
Good Morning 
Finally got on a bus.
Was like lord of the flies.
have u asked when the Brewers are going to put the powder blue uniforms on for friday night away games?
No idea what to do for my birthday...probably cause it's on a Monday 
Aha...
it didn't take you long to notice!
That's one of the functionality changes they made.
I want my old back, plz!
Gray is a crown of splendor: it is attained by a righteous life.
DO IT!
Happy mother day:
Just saw a commercial for Prometheus.
That looks pretty good.
Why isn't the internet talking more about it?
Encouraging everyone to get registered to vote.
Rouse the conservatives to attention!
Get them out to vote!
You telling me that common sense aint so common?
Choices you make have a good or bad outcome
.
correctly points out that the Terps' won their NCAA title on April 1, 2002.
It's the 10th anniversary of it running in print.
my mum makes me so angry.
So glad you had fun!
And glad you liked Scott as well, of course.
Great pic!
yaaay :D haha I just have my blond moments...
My mom calls me a dingbat and an Airhead lol
hellz yea...congrats man!
Every year I publish the 10 Reef Commandments.
Remember them?
The things to do to be a good ocean steward and marine conscious human being.
yes thanks!
Feelings don't die easily cause we keep feeding them with memories.
That's exactly the reason why it's so hard to move on.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Sophocles
In the office before u can say cat n a hat!
has cool hair but very short!
I like it!
Comment from a CEO after meeting his new VACEOs Roundtable yesterday Went really well  it will take my game to a whole new level.
Sad because Will never follow me :
Huge thx to all the people who came out the show in Huntsville last night to see Piranah, Destined,  L.I.E.
Great crowd  you all
Glad I am wearing a suit today ;
You ever yawn so big your eyes tear up?
Started to formulate new doctorpal workflow today, develop locally, push to github  then pull down to remote server.
No more nasty FTP.
I'm taking all your memories off the shelf, cause I don't need you and anybody else.
RIP Heavy D.
I want to see more of those shots from Tower Tavern!
RT : Life is full of ups and downs.The trick is to enjoy the ups and have courage during the downs.
You look great!
It's called downtown chic!
No.
We need to harness their energy.
We do not have to push.
They will follow.
The NWord  its use is relevant to them.
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
Why yes, I am trying to get back on nachos and jalapenos for breakfast thank you for asking.
is never out of it with their outside shooting skills.
7369.
25 seconds.
needs to hit free throws to seal it
I am toast.
Long days....
hahahaha so glad he is out of my city..enjoy!!!!
let the day doctornking begin!
nah, nah, nah...seriously how many championships will the state of Pa win by end of the decade?
You guys know I'm just being stupid
did someone try to hide it?
:P
Spring cleaning.
RT The way we communicate with others  with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our livesT.
Robbins

When someone you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure.
Author Unknown
Damn....
I Suck at Dancing To Gurage music......
I Should just stop it right now..
being awesome
just came back to NYC, only 2 hours and a half left until my concert at the BG Consulate tonight: 121 E 62nd www.bceny.org
you didn't have to cut me out!!!
tonight thats all I will yell at you
Off to Mexico I go!
Let's hope I return alive ;p
Come out with new music!!!!!!
Its been too long!!!!
did you see producer admitted to shots of tequila before show!
I don't think my boss has seen me on facebook once.
I've lost count how many times he's seen me with a picture of a bike up though.
It was a beautiful experience.
I highly recommend it.
Crazed economy!
LOL!!!!!!!
you're back only twitches if you're sexy DUH mine does it all the time ;
Maybe it'sme: can stay off forever!
I love seeing Rob and Sunny together.The chemistry is so much better.
OtherwiseCBS
RT Jesper Hugh I'm inspired by Tim Ferriss and i'm working on getting the 4Hour Lifestyle
I'm really not getting all the accolades for his performance but I guess he set the bar pretty low.
you have my vote of confidence.
I CANNOT WAIT FOR SaySomething 3
RT : A6: Advice to newlyweds; Keep Gd first, watch sabotaging people; laugh and pray without ceasing!
The fact that guys younger than me are playing in the MLB is insane
unintentionaldickensreference MT I just had the best interview ever.
Revisiting my proposal.
Set your Tivo to watch me in Festival In Cannes on the movie channel at 7:30 am Eastern Time tomorrow....
sigh I know ...I've been trippin..
Come on Kick Bayerns ass!!!
Hey douchebag I haven't seen you in so long, I forgot what you look like...expect that your bald.
That I'll never forget.
The amazing thing about meeting my wife on Match.com is being able to read and relive our first conversations.
I was singing Gin  Juice earlier while walking to class and the guy in front of me turned around and finished the lyrics :
: Sitting at this table with Yup, that's it.
Nothing else to say about that.
thanks
Angie, thank you for the follow as well!
Looking forward to your tweets.
oh dear
BTW, no hard feelings but I never respond to that True Twit thing.
I understand if that's a deal breaker for some tweeps.
Maybe there was too much anticipation, but the episode bored me to death.
Off to Brooklyn in a couple hours.
Good night!
:
Here I am!
I need to team with somebody in fantasy baseball who's ace w batting while I focus on pitching.
Always have a stable of aces  no bats.
Sorry to hear that Hillman Curtis has passed.
His videos continue to deliver great inspiration.
Love this: Be prepared to go out on a limb
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a lawyer, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
great paper by dave clarke on an enormous delaware project!
Thanks for the S/O!
Also read that McCoy worked with Sam Bradford in the offseason to learn Shurmer's system as much as he could.
Coach's son!
Thanks for making me want to bang my head up against a wall, Shutter Island.
What.
The.
Heck.
I swear, I'm sick of all this spam!
thanks!
We're always excited about sharing our collection in a new place.
Low 80's this weekend Whoa!!!
just got an email from twitter saying it missed us, but it didn't ask where we were playing next.
not sure that was sincere
OR Do 1st step  get spiral wefts.
If in hurry, add clips  clip in every other row in y/hair so urhair adds to the texture!
While watching videos on YouTube related vid when will time end popped up...let us in on the secret guys
Guys make girls upset all the time she doesn't let it get to her, girl does one thing to make him upset, it's the end of the world.
LOL at social life
ha!
It's cold on her cucumber :
I dont think this is gonna work out...
IDK WHAT TO DO.
Uahhhgg
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success.
Cullen Hightower
stayin up late.
havent slept good u?
Childoctorn's Miracle Network raised 6.4 million in 2011 through Spanishlanguage radio telethons
Sunburn ah
beats.
bears.
battlestar galactica.
The Members First slate is the only one w/candidates and supporters who have physically assisted IBT organizers for a win this decade.
VOTE.
Where does one go to get healing soup when you're a burrito of illness?
// agreed!
He earns points in my book.
Be sure to follow tweet the message today
Hi Mollie!!!
Hollie is the one that's leaving later on tonight in my opinion.
I would be really stunned if she's in top 3.
Best day ever: im with the people i meed and im good
all 11 msu d's did too
There are 8 typescripts here.
The one I'm looking at has comments in Reed's hand, but no editor's marks.
Handheld Librarian conference about to get underway.
I hope to come away with some cool new ideas!
Dont let me get in my zone.
oh no, the river won't let us leave!
WHY are you surprised??
WE'RE not surprised!!!
Good luck to all BostonMarathon runners today!
In today's heat, run a smart race.
Don't worry about your time  finishing is winning.
Congrats to the 2012 Idaho queens: mister ID Int'l  Shantay Taylor, Miss ID Int'l  Cassidy Bronson  Miss Teen ID Int'l  Bailee Barton!
POYi is i for amerIca or international?
So many images with US flags and US stories.
ITS GOING DOWN THIS SUNDAY!!!
4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT!!
COME WITNESS AN ELEGANT EVENT!
So is that stupid moon out there again tonight?
Celiac disease can show up late In life like a 70 year old woman with delayed diagnosis htpp://on.thecl.com/ICdlIp via
: in what field ?
for ACE Certification  exercise, but that's NCSA
RT : Every1 has a social media strategy...
ignoring social media is just a decision to not engage.
Pitt in top 3 among publics, top 5 among all universities in federally financed R  D expenditures.
I call the 7 version the paperback iPad.
:
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies, and employees.
Two more months Puerto rico
I like him.
:x : Eww he's fucking ugly are you serious!!
can't make it tomorrow?
Were gettin a little crazy and even throwin anyone who comes in the door a 10 discount on ANYTHING they buy today!
I will call you in a min.Looking for my charger lol 3
Band Concert Sunday May 15, 1:30.
See and hear great students perform.
20 seniors will be graduating.
Where are they going next?
thanks 4 following!
Virgin mobile will donate a million dollars if Melanie Oudin win's the US Open this yr.
sidenote: I really should be getting a github account.
apparently it isn't that expensive
Yeah we park the truck when things get hot

thanx for following Yes, growing artistic careers is what we do too!
We will follow back!
nah.
Clarence.
It's MusicMonday MM  I want to give a Shoutout 
Going to check out Gravity Marketing space tomorrow.
Looking forward to a great event next Wednesday!
would be better if I knew what all the icons meant!
I'm finalcutpro illiterate.
Sheesh!
happy birthday champ
Following you ;
NICK STAHL COME HOME
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
hello, SNOW!
are you coming to doctorxel University for homecoming?!?!
I really hope so!!!!
YOU ARE THE BEST!!!!!
: : :
had an AMAZING time in Chicago sunday with Pat, can't wait to go upnorth  to Madison in a couple weeks!
these days RESPECT x LOYALTY is askin alot
LOL!
So what are you looking for?
Ah!!!
I hav 1,056 followers I haven't been on twitter in so long so this jus so awesome and surprising thnx muchlove 33333
: RT : thanks for following me.
did you make it to the BPRS mtg in Newark on 4/3.
I just found out about it  want to know how it went.
I saw your tumblr on NY
Whether lifes got you up or down, Ill always be here for you to walk on while the waves lap against your feet.
nothing wrong with that!
see you then!
I only bat my eye lashes at guys when I want a doctornk and I'm on a plane.
Therapy Dogs will be visiting the campus libraries on May 7 and 10th.
More info to come!
If I was yaya for a day I would be amazing
Time to retire.
For the eve...
i RARELY tweet when doctornking!
NotSafe RT doctornk every time tweets tonight.
Not that I dont like them
Thanks to all my fans today!
So great to stay in touch.
Much love
do you hold a prejudice against medical cannabis?
Office depute Q: When did Doritos Cooler Ranch change back to just Cool Ranch?
A: 19941998 it was termed Cooler Ranch, then changed back
for sure!
Nm just came back from the city now relaxing and you?
RT Tom wrote a blurb about Governor Ritter's proposed budget balancing.
Catch up here: www.metrodenver.org/blog.
All out of hot cocoa.
whatamigoingtodo ?
Someone protected her tweets.
Not gonna name names, but if u wanna get paid 2 get fit, u won't find her on Twitter.
i'm coming to understand that blooming can happen anytime..when we stop blooming, we stop living
bucks game..
suite tickets!
just watched Nitro Circus Live for the first time ever..
You are certainly one bad ass mofo.
Would love to check it out live
Eyelash applications have become very popular...get the look of thick, long lashes you've always wanted 9017940553
very interesting story!
I never wanna lose this feeling 12/10/11 
Nothing but love for everything right now!
Our apartment is wonderful.
:!
No sir , he going to University St Francis in the Fall!!!
Sending again DM check it out!!!
Jeanie, don't be upset with me.
You have your health, be thankful.
Oh boy that guy is good.
Gah I can't wait to watch it!
RT : no way..
greys ..
ridiculous ending
Scientists concluded that the gene linked to weight gain only increases your risk of obesity if you also lead a sedentary lifestyle
Wish I could convince NASA to open a center in Austin.
I would be there in a flash.
It's a one song performance, from the end of the film.
Let me know what you think...
RT : I love being in Schnitzelburg on the campaign trail.
How just ended an email to me Probably going to get some cookies for lunch, but probably not.
Discuss amongst yourselves.
what is that even in relevance to
I am always here if you get hungry too!!!
Neve Campbell turns 38 today.
She was in Wild Things which is one of my favorite movies.
Yes.
Fear the mother of the bride  if you look ANYTHING like her daughter she will kick your a.
alrighty then, enough of this internet stuff!
Time to get busy in the studio, I have a painting deadline to meet!
The Avocado from La Mie!
Have fun at the beach!
If you're not bikiniready yet, give us a call!
whoa.
You are like superman.
hahahah so true!
Now they are finally on the same page with us!!
WELCOME TO THE 13 TIME WORLD CHAMPS!
LET'S GO GET 14!!!
Hell yes!
Hey now.
Let's not just limit this to the senior class.
I fucking hate the whole school.
Happy birthday, mister Shakespeare!
Almost 450 years and still going strong.
:
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Ansel Adams
im doctorving with my friend blazting you, i was thinking bout calling u!
haha like everybody can hear you!
:p
Let's go Spurs
Ugh this bitch
I'm behind.
Last I saw was Jane...?
The Pitchfork Music Festival will take place July 1618 at Chicago's Union Park.
The sets will be streamed live via its website!
doctorve all the way to Harrah's to see my family and the fucking Incubus concert filled up all the parking.
Fucking waste of my time and gas.
Hair appointment
: you can't resist this!
Everyone's a genius...but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
A.E.
Of course!
But then can we wait til then.......
cant doctornk pints cause im under age aw Niall 3
thankfully cameras retain most of their value.
What kind of camera do you have?
Show me love and like my page www.facebook.com/agloenterprise thank you my tweeters!
lots of blessings your way!
hope u fill betta
PG's are so damn important.
You would have a leg up on his last wife me thinks.

You've had a busy few weeks, but have now earned the esteemed title Slide Master.
All the presos are looking great.
Reason 26 to love the BBA: We are always trying new things to support the neighborhood and one another.
Marquette is playing as hard as any team I've seen this season.
Tickets for what shows?
Saving up for Lolla I hope!
I'm gonna try and jump on the early birds this year.
lol big feet?
: Subway hit the spot!
yum where's mine
doctormatic turns of events continue 2 unfold in China; following ChenGuangcheng latest on Twitter;  spoke to him
Favorite time of the yr continues today w/ championship on espn2, twitter updates on A10 semis  miaa doubleheader in lowell
The cast of Lombardi wishes all their NFL friends the best as NFLdoctorft gets rollin.
Vince is in the house for 6th rd pick Sat!
i gotta admit, it was pretty damn funny!
Why is it so many young girls to lookin up to n listen to NIKKI if a male rapper came out and say he is gay would we be ok
Perfect time to live tweet RT : Will be very interested to hear what Dick Murphy has to say at my Rotary Club meeting tomorrow
thanks for the 
Chris Davis strikes out.
End of 2, 11
Waddaya MEAN I can't rebind a fucking copynpasted recursive section?!?!
UConn's Kemba Walker gets the pub, but Notre Dame's Ben Hansbrough has proven all year he's the best player in the Big East.
Total player.
Betrayal so deep you can feel it coursing through your veins
so if youre filming anything this week let me know!
Im in the area :
Did You Know: John Astin is a current JHU professorssor.
He's also a JHU alum!!

I would love to celebrate 's birthday with you and but I have a phonebank.
Have fun!
Thanks and I'm moving to the Upper East Side.
No one could actually say that you deserve better.
Because the best thing that you deserve, will always be your choice.
Hello Hello Darling!
Mwah
Thanks for the follow!
Do anybody know what is the age for chrome tonight
Thanks to everyone who came out last night for the Big Band show!
We packed Rachael's Cafe!!
Can't wait for the next one!
mb y you no
When we hear from teams about players it is generally AFTER media has reported that buzz is building for player, not the other way around.
Happy Passover and Easter to all ARTS families, friends, and supporters!
I shouldn't comment on FV number's, or Disneyland for that matter.
Neither of which are my happiest places on earth.
In touch with the ground, I'm on the hunt I'm after you.
Glad you had a good time and hope you found something useful!
: We had such a blast last time!
Thanks for inviting us again!
We can't wait!
I can vouch for someone that can do 50k for u by latest jan1.
I'll email him now
I think Kim Kardashian is Beautiful
it's not that he's black.
It's because he's a democrat!
all i could think about was you you you
I once wrote some ad copy for a Realtor.
My appetite is too big for my bank account...
Dagum jingle is stuck in my head...now i really wanta fanta!!!
What are gaffes?
It is time for wrap up at book2, followed by the free wine.
How time flies!
A tour featuring the music of Michael Jackson and the bigtop performance art of Cirque du Soleil will be hitting Detroit in 2011.
hey guy!
Now following you!
:
How's The Kitty Doing?
:
I read the book and thought the movie was really true to the book.
Did you read it?
Doubt reaction is due to love of Kim Kardashian.
Most NBA fans don't watch.
Due to participation in sham PR stunt wedding
Good morning sunshine!
It's so good to see you!
Hooray!
I graduated Upright Citizens Brigade Level 401 Improv!!!
When I judge people at Planet Fitness, I imagine I'm feeling the same rebellious spirit Washington felt while gunning down Red Coats.
My seder was literally an episode of curb your enthusiasm
You don't know where and you don't know when but you still got your words and you got your friends.
Newt concedes on April 30th, not May 1st.
They are, as is wage slavery.
I hope you'd abolish that as well?
awesome night!
Loved talking to u!
Got through two times, it must be my lucky night.
I better go get some raffle tickets:
Good Luck on Taks or Staars tomorrow!!
I know I'm gonna fail :
Book your appointment for this week!!!
Tommorows special touch up tuesday 35 root touch up, color, doctorads, perms CALL ASAP 3042663
RIP Mark, Milwaukee's music will never be the same.
rut roh  I can't remember if I just boiled 1 cup or 2 cups of noodles.
there are two absolutes in life.
friends and vodka.
amazing memories usually involve both.
Toys at the best prices can be found at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have really good specails going on rightn now!
I will both lie down and sleep in peace; for you alone, O Lord, make me lie down in safety
Turn off, brain.
You can't remedy anything at 1AM except your yawns.
: Trump on Fox's pregame show: Your picks are worse than the ones Andy Dalton threw last week.
Focalink Plastic Soprano C!
RT : It's key that the Knicks keep the crowd out of it once the crowd gets there.
Good morning!
So nice to meet you : have a fabulous day and wonderful wknd!
Xoxo
I'm outta NUTELLA...FML..Dear GOD...pray for me
I know:
GWG!
Way to go Derrick.
: I need some medicine to help me get inside of you that's what he said
Glad we have multiplatform stalking down.
thanks for the RT!
Let's just save some time and create a cable channel that runs nothing but tornado footage 24/7.
ain't it funny how everything changes in one day, one day you love the next you act like you never even did.
just give up on me
Aye cuzzo they playin that song we did frm the turf on the radio in LA and virginia
Saw a license plate on an interstate over the weekend that read Gay Dar
Carlito's Way on deck
I just earned the Statesman badge on Yelp!
Calling all patriots and giants fans: in indy next week?
Want to meet the cool and hip?
Stop by hubwork !
Street fighter bitches
lmaoo we'll see how i did
Have you noticed that you pay more attention to how people act now that you know something about the 7 persuasion triggers?
...future action beyond making .
Maybe what makes Pepperdine redundant, how to live Pepperdine after grad?
always fighting temptation, never will i surrender though.
Love me for who i am not for what you want me to be.
no, it was my first time eating there and I will not be going back for the food
Personally, I would go Hot Dougs but the line is too long for a certain Prime Minister.
Good morning Labou fans!
4 the next 15 days, to participate in the Trivia Q's, please reply w/the correct answers, followed by name  email
happy valentine's day!
we had an oldschool celebration at work with brown bags, notes,  candy.
how are you showing your coworkers...
Happy birthday to my cousin in rockport happy birthday to who ever else!!!!!
givin up on your tigers?
I would think campaigning is better done in person than on Twitter.
Only Angels Have Wings might not be the greatest film of all time, but it just might be my favorite.
Me too.
Of course, it doesn't compare to the 50 GB I got on Box when I installed the andoctorid client a few weeks ago.
;
RAMS GOT FISHER
Those pictures though haha
It pains me, but Tim Hortons  Bruggers.
Had a great meeting with H/H Superintendent today.
ADLandHeARTs for Autism may bring in after school programs for spec.
ed.
students  sibs!
no campus politic I support!
Do you have a pedal MOPED you ride or you want to?
Check out sandiegoswarm.com for upcoming rides and events in San Diego.
good cab ride.
Jimmy Buffet is a god to all those 45 and older.
Not a chance.
They had the new team stand up and receive accolades from the mayor during the meeting.
So its weird today is the 20th anniversary of the davidian massacre, I just did a research paper on it like weeks ago...
Remember that there is no such thing as ugly...
just unique and different, but beautiful in its own way.
how life should been seen
it isn't on DirectTV, but you can listen to the radio broadcast on 1620 The Zone
Chuck Brown...
God rest his talented soul!!
shit fina get crazy down in the 504
The Downton Abbey theme song  A fancy rendition of the XFiles theme song.
Discuss.
Why doesn't know how good of a term lollapalosers is?
Why why why.
you back?
baseball is fun moment of day: Edwin Maysonet in full uniform 3 hrs before 1st pitch.
He's played in 47 career games.
Real Life will Start in 4 Day.!
I'm camping out.
:  advance tix soldout w/n 1min.
but don't fret, we'll be selling half the tix at the door!
working on it
Let the learning begin!
Looking forward to session on Vivo: semantic web network enabling collab amongst scientists.
free consultations for your investigative needs.
www.mwishartpi.com
Have you ever heard of a mullet?
People are not interested in all business all the timethey want to get to the party in the back.
lol..
I got you
weirdest doctorams ever.
RT : Life means taking the responsibility to fulfill the tasks we need to face
Lucky night for the customers.
The wine flowed like...
well, wine, really...
thanks to all the followers who showed up!
RT I believe ehhts real, I dont believe in ehht : i believe in the New World Order
If issues in a particular dept., send them issues reports a day in advance of reporting to exec.
team so dept.
can be prepared.
At the UT commencement ceremony.
I was committed to go here and changed my mind to go to Strange to think of how diff it would be
I really kind of admire people who've given up.
I opted for thekilling tonight.
I'll catch up on madmen and thegoodwife tomorrow.
Can't wait.
Interesting site, nice read.
Thanks for the follow!
o.O o rly
God will take you through hell just to get you to heaven.
Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice.
It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
For the great citizens of BBN living outside of Lexington, its a picture perfect day in the Horse Capital of the World.
Group is now discussing what informal learning means to you.
Wack ass dj get out of Miami lame
Love is like a butterfly for if u could tell your fave from the top4 to sing any song in the finale, what wld it B?
what's the4?
like this ORANGE / auburn looking color
Unless you're pessimistic yourself.
Then you're just supporting your cause.
Crying myself to sleep tonight .
:/
Eggs, bacon, and biscuits covered in gravy...
Doesn't get any better :
is weather is playing gotcha with us?
Thanks to everyone who came to tge museum and made this the most successful fiesta season we've ever had!
showing some love :
Come get a taste of the classics with our Strawberry flavor at Porter Square, we are also sporting Pumpkin Pie flavor until Turkey Day!
Shut up, nobody likes you tysmmm
I was a bit stuck with the old writing.
Have one piece due back to editors this week.
Two others I want/need to get out asap.
Today I understand why ppl love LA weather.
It's so beautiful outside.
Kennedy Smith we have 10x the amt of retail space for our pop.
Amen.
hahaha and then you, pretend like you didn't hear him and keep asking him it's so funny how you come up with things randomly!
RT : State of Black Women's Health  Barbara Jordan Conference Center, The Kaiser Family Foundation.
to do what?
Let me guess
Game's at noon so go ugly early.
Some guy in decrepit bar across the St from Generations Hall yesterday
DON'T WHINE BUT SHINE DON'T FROWN BUT SMILE DON'T PUT OTHERS DOWN DON'T HATE CONGRATULATE DON'T BE MEAN DON'T BE CRUEL DON'T B NOBODY'S FOOL
Hey, if someone sees the President today, please give him a big, rainbowfilled hug for me for what he said about gay marriage.
I think it's the Pisces in us.
I'm a Pisces too.
I want a Tattoo that says hopeless romantic.
Show me where to go...
Have you followed yet?
His project, the Southern Discomfort tour is about to take off, but we need your help!
Confidence is the evidence of faith in one's beliefs.
Been trying to get my human to go out and pick me up a 40oz.
But he doesn't understand my signals.
Or he is just being lazy.
Happy New Years to you as well..and your family
You never cease to amaze me.
Well done ghostdog.
The principal at the school I was at was rocking Chucks with his suit.
Love it!
Hope you had fun at Obama!
I was lucky enough to see him twice!
sorry to make it about me
Maybe Glory Foods can work with their ad agency to find a way to promote their product and not the mammy stereotype.
C'mon guys: is that SW3 promo real!
lol REDIC but I can't wait
There are times when it's appropriate to get an erection when someone's face is close to your penis.
This is not one of those times.
when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittsburgh because he had a laugh attack.
MYWorldMemories 3
I get all tingly inside when I talk to Kevin.
:3 hehe.
x3
that sound like bad sex...
A little info treat adam richman like you would anyone else my old saying the only stars are in the sky
JUST STOP WHINING!
:
Yeah!
Love the Basic Minimum Tax!
Past midnight.
Still in newsroom finishing production.
Long night, but w/ some quality designs and stories.
Lol I mean it...
: RT : Don't say it if u don't mean it Brandon!
Lol.
on my head
If you like ice cream and are in SF, try Tara's Organic ice cream in Berkeley.
Watching Bridesmaids and I freakin love 's character!!
Hilarious 
Not upset getting a free coffee everytime I go to starbucks.
Tonight, Monday, Pilates at The Chatham Village Clubhouse, 6  7 pm.
How am I doing on my predictions?
I'm at ur set hope to meet you or see you there!
that's not nice
Happy 94th Bday to Will Eisner!
He lives on in Spirit!
I bet that when a DVD doctorve is purchased the OS just handles it.Oh wait they only have 1 SKU for the OS
RT : Enter our Stroll into Summer giveaway today!
You can win a sunshade to keep your little one protected from UV rays!...
Thanks, mom.
Nope.
Uh uh.
Won't do it.
Text me back!
Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.
Jean Paul Richter
Riding around bumping FUTURE!
That makes me Ahead of my Time
RT : 6.
They're very into causes 7.
They're always wired 8.
They're public 9.
They're entrepreneurial
Preparing for our state library conf this week  travel to one of the few places on earth that takes me farther north.
Thank God its Saturday ;
I don't care for your opinions thats why I don't ask
It sucks that left...
She is so sweet but big things are ahead in her future
I'm liking what Ron Paul has to say
Happy birthday  enjoy the last year of your 20's.
Arthritis kicks in full bore at 30.
Ha shorty was bad
I have heard...
Maybe you and K can plan a trip to CO.
Brian would love a biking partner ;
U were a JERK 2night on ur show 2 MicheleBachman!!
Little advice:if u don't like TEA Party or our repsdon't ask them on ur show!
Amen brother.
RT : SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Your Hand In MineExplosions In The Sky
oh.
Lol good luck!
Wow I was falling asleep but I was having a bad doctoram so I woke up:/ now i cant sleep cause i dont wanna have a nightmare!!
What you doin girl wit alladat???
Project Pat voice
is speaking at the Chicago Area Public Affairs Group luncheon today
RT : Our official CBLaunchParty2012 photos have finally arrived!
Please check out the epic recap of the evening here //...
There's some nice cleavage behind Dave Tippett's head.
Take note NBC.
where did you get that?
I need one!
Hehe.
I'm probably going to a few shows.
NBD :
: Designing a custom face for someone's Maschine this weekend.
I love my job.
Thank you sir!!
Gonna be nasty!!
has endorsed Scott Peters.
Show your support by following us and spreading the word
hey!!
Follow back?
Can't wait to get home and get my package :
Hi there.
Thanks for tweeting so much during my talk!
Nice to meet you today!
I had to look that up but I'm glad I did.
So beautiful.
Thank you.
that was a great fight and floyd money mayweather is still my favorite boxer!protectyourselfatalltimes!
You gotta watch on Check it Out!!
Probably the best show on tv
el abuso a la pobreza.
F
i gotta send out a BIG ASS congrats to mi hermana on her graduation last night.
very proud lil sis!!!!!
My Musician buddy offerred to help me with my Music for free now those are friends.
Some have all the resources and wont help u with nothing
Hey, CollegeRepublicans, you gotta be lovin' that GOP filibuster that will raise student loan rates, right?
Proceeds from our Would You Rather holiday game goes to  !
Help us decide how to divvy the donation!
Pacers up by 9 fucking yes.
Ducks vs.
Luck?
Gonna be good.
My pick?
Ducks RT : ...
Your pick in the Stanford/Oregon game?
Do ducks quack?
A lot of people are pissed/disgusted/annoyed about that.
The very kind of guy who bullies nerds, at a convention.
Thank you so much everyone for the lovely
You sure?
Tried to make some time for Friday coffee, but just can't do it.
How is next week looking?
John Disque is scary but he's a great writer and a great photographer and he obviously loves what he does.
Gotta love when you run into old friends.
Shaun White?
He'd helicopter in here, bang your mom and your girlfriend, and then set your board on fire.

Skeptical Frame: Earth is resilient.
Should I go to class tonight?
Sometimes I wonder who else you could be texting while you're texting me.
I'm going to say one word and hope that 400 of that word gets delivered to my office.
Wait What The Fuck?
When Was This?
I Never Just Say Ok!
Right?
I was sitting here sure it was gray and then looked away for a minute, looked back and only saw blue.
yea totally!
lol!
So how have you been?
:
followed ya :
Making smart decisions about your home's HVAC system can have a big effect on your utility bill!
Contact us and start saving!
Amen.
RT : .
this small donor is undeterred from continuing to support the President.
Don't be a purist.
The best part about today?
Seeing my gf for the first time in a week.
The worst part about today?
Finding carrots on my burger at Outback.
Pre gaming before my show at hotel cafe..i play at 11 hope to see you there!
I feel so special
It would indeed b cool 4 2 give her edt6060 final pres via Google Hangout.
Let's make it happen!
No doubt that I'm napping when I get home today
The trade to acquire Randy really depleted our farm though.
I REALLY wish we could've kept Carlos Guillen!
I like the smell of rain.
Look for my behind the scenes blog on my recent photoshoot with Samantha Gise tonight at www.brandonphotos.com
We JUST transitioned them to being inside  they've been outdoor much of their lives.
They are mostly safe from cars in VA...
long day of travel..just about to crash
got a little tour of today and didn't want to leave!
Summer enrollment contest has ended.
All winners are posted.
Official launch party is scheduled for October 1st.
Great job TFT!
Mello hoopin though I feel him !
Podhbcu 'Lead from where ever you sit or stand.
Lead through strategic silence.
Lead with subtle persistence.' great stuff!
Now we just have to figure out how to incorporate that Jesus SKC fan into an Easter celebration!
Oh my, is that why your little icon is so sad?
Isn't she usually smiling?
Puppy parade sounds wonderful.
undoubtedly he would be both.
But we have no evidence that it would be OK with kins, or that he is any good at 1b
yeah, right?
I think this is my last year, too big, spread out, hard to connect with people.
reunited and it feels so god..
bahahahhahaha
fist in the air darn you twitter!!
Lol
Blake's been clutch in the quarter.
Love Kobe giving him some love.
I need to set a reminder to post Chapter 2 because if I don't I will totally forget.
Great to see you in SF today to talk content, causes and online social good.
See you at ONA12!
He did not just say hip hop fairy tale lol
Eric and I had lunch and are heading to Preston HS.
I no but been dealing with it since I was Lil kid nothing new but when I come up oh fuck u I swear lol
Hm...Seems like a tough stat to prove.
Kinda like 65 of all stats are made up : RT 75 of communication is gossip.
It was so great to meet you both today!
Let's be sure to work towards that twitter chat.
Good Night
S/o to follow her
Just got into our cab...doctorver is bumping MURDER WAS THE CASE THAT THEY GAVE ME....
yikes
Thanks : She's our little peanut!
and term limits!
Two is the max!
I'll tweet you the link if you haven't seen it yet.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Looking it up now...
SENIOR PROJECT!
Awaiting the madness to pick up and get going.
Ready for this day to be over.
cloudsecurityalliance.org provides security and stds guidance for cloud computing.
truth and thank you!
Just had dinner with the family
whoa he does look like you a bit!
thank you!
See you soon!
Xo
were u work now???
new picture lol
Dear all college athletes, if you can't get a 2.6 as an undergrad, you should be remembering to breathe while walking, not more minutes.
oh gotcha.:
Some of 'em wifey, other ones is triflin' .
Better watch out .
Every touch a customer has with your employees, no matter how small, is...the...brand.
Holy crap.
Only 2 more months until I finally graduate!!
I'm starting to feel decidedly unwelcome at Pottermore.
Why no welcome email yet?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Going goth today!
What would a spring goth look like?
Rock?
Meet hard place Since NPR helped fund the UH takeover of KTRU I have no sympathy for their funding plight
Girl!
8 of those tickets are bullshit!!!
And Im freezing right now :
Going enjoy myself at home for a week before I come back and start to really worry about unemployment :
On some men  yeah, they're okay.
; do you know how wrong that sounds to ppl that have mo idea wat we're talkin bout
I remember college  hitting up Vegas for Spring Break  nobody was there.
Just wait 'til Disney comes in
Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie.
Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber.
Yummers!
o scary!
But still kinda beautiful!
Woohoo, first jazz dance class of the year!
Now need to keep it up..
G'nite Kathy....have a wonderful week!
Hot hair and fashion show in Orlando, Fl Sunday Sept 18th at 6pm!
Industry professorssionals will be in the house!
What if you cd make an experience a tangible item?
What if you could design for that?
Almost half way through 's Marketing In The Round.
Excellent read so far.
you're so cool because you put me down.
High stepping , trying to avoid the bullshit
Still have't sent computer in.
Transferring stuff from hard doctorve today and THEN I'll send it in.
Miss it.
Miss my guy too.
cannot what to have you in chef
My addoctorss on Etsy is www.auntcarriescottage.etsy.com
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME 3 : ?
4
And wtf is happening w Dwight Howard!?
Watched too many soundless Sportscenter segments in airport bars in past 10 hrs
Hawks def need a win against the Coyotes tonight.
Local professorssional sports teams support youth athletics creating a lifetime audience.
How can the music industry do the same?
freaster...
easter with friends....
successful....
are you a boy or girl though?
yes my birthday landed in May now!
It's 3 Microbrew Pint Day at the Echo!
RT if you think that this should be a weekly National holiday!
Vancouver going to start rioting again?!
Congrats LA
First person to go home is British, yay go USA!!
Close, but no.
Guess again!
OH : There are a lot of clandestine wood shops all over campus
Studying lots of anatomy.
A nakedgirl shows up on tumblr and all I'm looking at are the insertionpoints of her
I am sending a letter in the post to you.
with 2 photo's.
Hope the letter isn't boring
Overly hype right now
You are imperfect.
Everyone is imperfect.
But just because you're not perfect doesn't mean you're not worthy.
: behold the power of social media to instill shame!
hopefully Rask can
Bart looks devastated.
Umm kinda hurt but i will get through iti hope?!
5 days.
2 bottles of aloe.
That's normal, right?
im in DC right now so maybe people are just jealous that they dont get to hang out with Obama, idk
Rather ironic that Christl spearheads the Packers Heritage Trail after he took issue with some info in book Green Bay: A city  it's team
Happy Record Store Day!
My 2 yr/o: Mommy, what's a record store?
My dogs are trippin.
Poor babies.
I can actually get a sense of the history and the story, and the spirit of it all.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
hey thanks for the follow mention me and ill do the same for u
he really does though, he's a good hitter but so bad at fielding
And with you!
finaly went to go see the avengers with :
There's no point in fighting with guys unless it AT LEAST leads to an angry hookup session with moderate biting.
If you want to avoid and addoctorss issues regarding health ins, then this is the book Mitzi McCartha RN, MSN, Author www.theprofessorttrap.com
Ah hurry and get here already before i fall asleep!
/
: May God Bless all of our firefighters, paramedics, police officers, soldiers...yes!
911
These people are a hot mess in Kroger smh
The day?
RT : A6 Tool of the week?
What boards should we have?
Yay!
Not only did I pick Ferretti but I had the pleasure of photocopying alongside him while interning at Scorsese's prod office in the 90s
send me a pic then lol
I've been a good iSheep for awhile but I'm going to have to pass on this iPad I
I need to go bed for that 
Sorry, my mistake.
Closeted Greek homosexual, 900p.
I know, what are the odds!
It was good : the only bad thing was there was no Grater's ......other than that it was perfect :
Shameful just Shameful
when I'm monitoring the cameras
HDMI Extender  Enjoy HighDefinition Video in Multiple Locations ...
Holy shit.
I'm about to stuff plugs up my dads nose if he doesn't stop snoring!
Idk if that even works.
I just want him to stop.
What is happening
Eating Pizza , Wings  Cinnamon Bread Sticks W.
Blue Cheese !
M ; I'm Fat Lmao
Wondering if F1 could build cars that are any uglier.
awesome background.
what is your best marathon time?
can't wait to hear what you guys do with that track
I love this beard.
RT : Whether the glass is half full or half empty depends on who youre selling it to.
Done with work for the day!
Treating myself to Chipotle.
Hadn't been to one in years, but felt like going today.
Then, haircut!
Its only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
Thx.
Looking forward to meeting u in NYC.
RT : 's doctor shampoo comes in 3 shades so u don't have to worry about grey...
Nice post!
What a great tip about now being the time people donate workout gear they bought for the new yr and never used!
I know!
I'm part exhausted toddler, part Veruca Salt, part fauceteyed Spongebob.
It's a dangerous mix!
3 absoutly perfect 3 I would lie w/ him and just forget the world 3 ;
: Heading to SJ for the night, hope to see everyone at The Refuge show!
support tonight is his night!
333
Awwwwwwwwwwh said he missed 3 i bet he does
Now following the lovely FB!!?!?!?
You can't put nothing pass nobody.
Real Sht.
Lizzy39;s Page  Living with Spinal Muscular Atrophy: A Dying Babies ...
Hey  you catch the winner of the NASCAR race?
You must have spread some magic on that helmet!!
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to connecting.
.
That gopher better not have gotten the assist.
Two days of rain has ruined my play in the garden plans.
Luckily weather is match for wine with the girls..
oo you just told everyone :
: Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world.
For, indeed, that's all whoever have.
Margaret Mead
and I are remotely Joining your house warming party.
Have fun!
this is terrible.
Arrested?
write them tix and send em home.
RT Raw video: Roleplaying couple pleads guilty in court 
Great advice from : keep the contact throw away the content.
I second that.
RT : All right!
Glutenfree bread!
Media giving Tim Wakefield a Standing Ovation.
Priceless.
redsox Wake!!!!!!!
hey amalie its me mary, please follow me back.
EFG Creative is seeking an intern for a graphic design position.
If you are that person or know someone, please email:
haha I'm just saying...I want this damn machine and she been there for an hr now
oh..well then yeah...that guy probably hated his job.
Lol
give me away..Lol
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us  Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll get some on monday...wow I'm busy!
all the hard work will pay off though!
:
Done for the night.
Check out vicad.com for more stories.
but you have to come to so cal I'll buy 2
Thanks for posting the cover.
We'll have it up on the rest of the internet soon.
It was love from the first time we touched
im tryin to see wat dat video look like
A girl in my zoology class was looking at a diagram of a human vagina and claimed It looks like a little person
We have to model these politics.
Live out the politics that we are articulating.
Sorry For Your Lose, She's In A Better Place Now : Stay GRAND/ICONic 3
hit em long and hit em straight.
I'm taking my Burner 2.0s and R11 doctorver out for a ride tomorrow...
What a day
who else is bored as fuck
I just wish you could take a walk in my shoes.
You'd understand.
of coursee ..
how much tixx n is it a meet n greet
haha el no c:
Doing my reading assignments for the night just as my sister decides it's time for trumpet practice.
Concentration gone.
A person is a who not a which.
John Smith, which is our VP, is not correct.
HEY!!!
wat r u doin at 8EST today?
oh you haven't heard?
www.stickam.com/swingthecoast the cool place 2 B :D
Good Times!
This should be a fun couple of weeks, always stand by the one you love, even with a swollen eye and all :
do I feel like I'm as food as MJ??
Lol
Go fuck yourself
If God brings you to itHe will bring you through it!
Eat more, earn more.
You can increase your earning rate by dining regularly on the program.
Work your way up to 15 back!
RT : Since nobody else seems to be updating on it, the Brewers split squad is up 50 against the Royals in the 4th.
I don't want your damn lemons.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Child Protective Services NEVER reveals the identity of a person who calls the child protection hotline.
Sat had Domino's,Sun.had Rudy's .Just had Schlotsky's.
I'm 48 .
.
.with life chill, it feels like 58!
I Hate my Face is trending?
Well, I do hate my fucking pizza face, but its whatevz
Do YOU know of a great story of success?
Paste the link below!
It's not that big of a deal, I don't care about proof...
Ugh.
It's been a frustrating season so far.
Hope they can get things turned around!
Ok u no its bad when u have more text from ur grandma bout your tattoo than your rents
Thanks, Nick!
What's the reason that i hold on..
when it's tearing me apart?
:
Got to hand it to that Gronk guy.
That was one heckuva catch.
I accept that and think they should both be in.
How about Rolen and Edmonds?
Yeah Carmelo!!!!!!!
Let's go Knicks lets win this
About 50 are in attendance at Greenfield School Board meeting far cry than the 130 that were at last month's meeting.
and the Barbie out front , according to Misela, is my sister in law, she calls her Aunt Becky.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '73 Sir Elton John
devise new endeavors, i'm as live as a hive full of predators.
Getting up from my desk for the first time today.
This is not healthy.
I had guacamole and lemonade for dinner tonite.
It was either that or PBJ.
I win!
EVERYONE UNFOLLOW !!!!
HE'S A FAKE STEALING A BOY INSTAGRAM PICTURES!!!!
UNFOLLOW!' RT !!!!
It does.
I like that includes the Expo/Gold/Orange line extensions currently under construction.
fooollloooww?
pretty please
Caught up with tonight before she heads off on the NY Media Tour.
Finally watched the state pageant with  Jordan!
Nobody really hates u.they just dont love themselves and for that GOD is the healer..Pray for those who cant love themselves.
What a fun night.
Thanks everyone at motr!
what do want me to do ?
: what it dew my ninja we bout to hit this highway Bet fam hmu when yall hit tha D
Would love to hear sing Fragile.
Talk about a perfect pairing.
Dark on Dark , with a touch of light.
Skeetones in Athens tonight with our good friends Pharaoh Loosey and DJ Sean C.
'tis going to be a rager!!
thanks beth!
I'm here till Sat.
Hope to see you.
The girl sitting in front of me has major back acne..
gross.
Wow many new followers since I last logged in!
Lots of stuff going on, including
CONGRATS for winning male artist, villian, twit, and teen choice hottie 3 beliebersgohard!
The lunch lady at my school doesn't accept t.
smh HOAR.
Q: trade w East, discovery of Americas, role of new plants; A: these were curiosities for botanical garden, not the kitchen garden.
technically he is, but he doesn't actually use it.
Yeah.
Signs was decent.
Everything after is just horrifying.
Just keep your doctornk, and give me the money
I have a problem.
I'm completely addicted to Frasier.
Seriously, guys.
Doesn't to see more
I said kinda!
Came to the horrifying realization last night that Spurs are my least hated team left in the west.
What's this for?
THANK YOU FOR THE DONATION DOLL!
I just got back from a 24 mile ride
Gophers kill the penalty
Looking for extras for a TV spot shooting in Madison, WI on Tuesday, April 10th from noon until 6pm.
Get back to me if you're interested.
Thanks for the retweet!
So glad they publish that info!
hey!!
Long time!
I'm studying for finals.
You?
because he's still lying about his age.
Lol.
SO TRUE!!!
Moody Bible Institute has sent more missionaries overseas than any other school in the world.
The only thing that gets me threw a Monday....
New music duh
awesome.
Looks like Grande Place?
On set after working 12 hours  with no sleep .
Thank God for trucker speed!
Lmao kid yelling at grandma and grandma shouts at kid WHY THE HELL YOU YELLING.
Taliat Tarsinov will be at CCB this weekend.
Call the studio now to book your lessons as he's filling up fast!
3638344
omg yes please?!
please leave that spectacular mustache though
: im chilling for NOW Good SHIT!!
Keep it dat way!
Lol
ah...i love fridays, RT this if you also love fridays.
Piers, ask them if they are willing to put themselves and their staff LAST in line to get paid if US defaults.
It's only right.
Interested  How does your no prior auth policy work?
What happens when they come up?
Parents always want their kids to have it better than they did.
That's why I send my childoctorn to public Montessori school.
RT : Bawling.
Just Bawling.
We love you and we're so proud of you!
I don't claim it's 100 usefulbut I bet given our testing culture it'll happen soon as there's consensus on an effective way
They're basically the same.
Boils down to which service has the albums you're interested in or people you're interested in following
If Minneapolis, MN is so COLD...
mubb RT : I changed my number for next season lets see who can guess it first.....
Me too!!
xo
I got them all for the low  my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us www.AirYeezy.Info
Welcome Elliott Baliban of Hartwick College, heading to DC for a summer internship working in the nonprofessort sector!
Congrats!
is facebook the new santa claus?
Will decreased privacy keep us more honest and accountable?
Take an objective look at your online presence
because stupid people still buy them
come to milwaukee and bring your brewer contact
I predict many more in my future.
Do you have any?
Blondes, ugh.
Just posted a photo instagram  forgot captainon ;/ just had to get cucumber vodka :doctorol: it's hot out  it's Friday!
i am zone to Clements!?!
but i also wanna go to Elkins which one should i go to?
Trying to avoid being heard by my mom
SometimesIWonder why people treat others with such discust
Wearing a red panda kigurumi and doing the cooking dance to stand up look sharp
Wearing my retainers for the first time in weeks.
What's up Vegas?
Who's a filmmaker, photographer or iOS developer in da house?
I whooped that ass n Dominoes and pool o.o
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Dell Streak 7, Andoctorid Tablet, TCell 4G
Oh I love that it gave you a bit of joy.
I love you even more now.
When is it this year?
I should go.
.
In this sandwich the bread on each side is delicious or at least showing potential.
I would love to end Boston's run...
Maybe even make a the Garden is closed for the season comment.
yeah, I like those.
I hate that dude on Sarah's team, though.
the amount that i haven't doctornk in the past few days really upsets me
If u like sumbody then show them
When the imagination comes in conflict with the will, the imagination invariably carries the day  Emile Coue
Ice skating for the first time in about a decade.
Only busted my ass once!
Fresh CBD coffee  Whole Foods Mkt cookies  NYT reviewed author  GREAT lecture.
TODAY  NOON in the Rines!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 49
date for art scaping and scheming.
Exclamation points are absolutely off limits before 11 o'clock
Why not just consolidate CPS into smaller subdistricts and centralize the administration?
Too much waste!!!
Thanks :D
they just keep tweeting me like its ment for cody :p
I think I want a cat now......
so over school.
and work.
thinking about becoming independently wealthy.
JUST KIDDING
breakingdawn hits theaters on November 18th in the US.
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
Vince Lombardi
: jammin to passion pit always makes me think of missyougirl: so god!
miss u too :
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to tweeting with you!
You'd just be jealous that you missed the party!!
Ha!!
Just proves my theory that HYPE is currency..
Be it music, mothers day or money.
HYPE  Currency // VALUE...
BOnKeRS yo
So far we think Blake  Reba make a good team and Carrie Underwood is HOT!
Tweet us your ACM thoughts
Thanks for the shoutoutlooking forward to meeting up in person sometime!
whoa, crazy candy!
that's super great!
thank you, fist post, promoted post, woohoo!
Because everyone is loud
And that was at the SITE, not you two.
;
Been up since 4am brainstorming strategies on how to make more small businesses successful.
85 of all businesses are small businesses.
Wondering what a personal avatar is  possibly just a photograph?
Sweet.
She's got good taste in music.
:
idk.
we'll figure it out when the time comes i guess.
How many cigars did Chuck smoke before shooting that commercial?
The LED street light project will bring jobs and savings to DC.
Thank you for the Friday laughs :
there are studies showing increased findability even w/keyword search when subjects present vs.
No subjects.
Subjects good.
Needs a makeover with style!
So i can try to be like a quarter of the amazing that she is!
Rt me girl if you agree!!
3ya
By 7am, right?
Tevas and black socks look great on the docks at Woods Hole.
Hurry!
Time is running out for your chance to win our sweet holiday giveaway!
Like us, follow us  get your friends/family to do the same!
Awesome  well time at the Y's Healthy Kids Day.
doctor Chris  My Body  Me thanks you for going well and growing our community.
Snow Day!!!!
HALF OFF HAIRCUTS UNTIL 2PM Call 2563490, and get in the car!!!
doctorve carefully!!!
Good Morning Beautiful People..
no i live in baltimore love!
add card broker dealer, bringertogetherer to your talents just let me know.
they won't.
Denver was a tough appetizer.
OKC is the full course meal for them Lakers.
Who needs a photo booth for fashion week??
Email with details!
Don't forget to call in at 7am to donate to Bikes for Kids!
Help us make this Christmas special for the childoctorn of central Texas!
so glad to hear it!
ill be naked and in the shower...
so apologizes ahead of time
Sixers up 5951 at halftime...
should be a highscoring affa...oh wait.
The Big Bang
RT M so good.
MO money mo problems.
All about MOI.
MOIS a sound to cringe at.
MOIST rain on clothing remove clothing skin
raw10 i rem when i was a kid, we didnt wear helments.
no wonder, my gen is some Crazy Mofos
Someone said 50  Beiber have a song  Mayweather is in the video.
True?
Please let it be so!
Omg, the laughter!
google is interesting.
end of an era?
bye bye
thank you.
: lol
The Gunsmoke actress who died of AIDS?
Hmm...
I'm going to have to try to figure out this reference.
i need too see Quinn, one of the few ppl who can KEEP a smile on my face :
I love nothin but my money....
I got 's new album days ago thanks to preorder but now I'm buying my little sister a copy.
Something food cannot fill...
What's a CV?!
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C.
Maxwell
w What's everyone's favorite doctornk at the club?
Still reading Game of Thrones book 3.
Longest book ever.
Miss my bebe.
At least I have a busy day today.
Gonna give 2 ladies some super awesome color.
I will post pictures:
so your name is...Bill?
The Girl Talk Team just arrived in NYC!
We are ready for NBCs Monday morningsigns and all!
PrintOnDemand...
Coming Soon!
Enrollment of girls in primary  upper primary levels has grown steadily over the years, says Economic Survey 201112 India Education
Just finished whirlwind weeks: identity, cloud and then WCF training...machine problems tried to bring me down...but I prevailed despite it!
Love women with nice tanned legs
So that's what that global rumbling sound was.....
leave all that negative for those garbage men haha
We still have bottles let me know of you want to taste!
I am so sorry Mike, I'll be praying for you all
: tell me what happens I'll just avoid him
Congrats Keith!
MEAC weekly football honors: Keith Pough collected 14 tackles, including 9 solo, and 2 pass breakups in the S.C.
State...
Looking forward to doctornking them!!
;
what about sports that the BigXII doesn't have?
I think you will really like this blog .....
take a look
Should be a good one!
RT tonight we chat about the balancing act between your life and your blog!
.
Jordan passed cuz play broke down, found open man.
Heat ran play for Chalmers, LBJ content to defer.
Dufferent
My throat and neck hurts.
Feels like I got choked out or something.
Lol
yea what part of Md they from
Your life is more pointless than a hashtag on
: Loved your story!
So glad you enjoyed pyrotopia  we want to see your fire costumes when they're done!
Mission: Probable
Another friday snowstorm,really
When your last task is complete and you then step to the challenge
happy birthday!!!!
I am glad to share my birthday with someone as awesome as you!
Hope its awesome.
New to Ypsilanti and Washtenaw County....where are the gourmands?
Come on now all you foodies, I want to know who to follow...
Aww, lovins  youz welcome!
RT I just won 2 tickets to see Mew tonight !
WHOO HOO!
Thanks !
You're the best!
Yes I pinky promise
Good morning, Minneapolis!
See that TW2012 is the official hashtag for the conference.
Stop by and see us in the exhibit hall.
Thought i text andoctora but she bout to crash so im out
Excellent, have a blast!
He wouldn't stop launching things at me with a rubber band....
what kind of evil are we talking about and why?
Of of the teamers made it to the finals!!!
Go Kat 3
it's the show that made me realize that Britsh tv shows are awesome
Hey My friend  fashion blogger applied for a press pass to the GB show.
Can you put in a good word for her?
Just showed isabel the skype laughter chain.
I have NEVER heard her laugh that hard.
She cried.
Wow
where are you?
I see Red Robin in your future!
Step Up 3 is on.
The gang is back, trying to convince America that there was a Step Up 2.
Welcome to the group, Steve!
RT : Give our friend a NUTS welcome!!
writing a web archiving manual, if issues in describing digital content weren't clear to me before, they are now...
w/e lunchtime!
Gonna whip up some whole grain cream of wheat and green tea in a bit:
We are good at what we do
579 followers?!
Wow, you guys are amazing!
GLJ is lucky to have you all as fans!
Laughed this morn when Magic Johnson said on Steve Harvey morning show he has money for his new network, but not Oprahlong money.
The Bulls play D man!
Thank you so much JIll!
Happy birthday to the lovely 
Cold AF in here .
I need a Christian Grey in my life.
3 no hitters combined in this game between Verlander and Sanchez.
Through 2 innings, Sanchez has a chance to tie JV.
Odds?
Hi Precious Princesses of The KINGBe StillKnowHeIsGODLovesU!:
Roomie woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep /: fml ....
Today is my day off : what's up?
Feel free to come hang with me while I'm recovering from my wisdom teeth!
That moment when I get my spark again.
When I feel the want to perform  sing runs through my veins...
I almost explode.
Joys of music.
:
Mccovey's Walnut Creek third packed, lame crowd, good service right now
Lakers will escape but I wouldn't be overly happy...OKC must be loving this.
U never seen a chick like me, Money is not all I want, I just bought a new house keep the rent boy all I need is your attention sings
PCI Solutions is a premier Indianapolis Printer we print on Web, Sheetfed and Digital Presses.
Check out our website www.pcisolutions.us.
President Obama on the doctorAM Act: My Administration Will Not Give Up
Girl is it wrong to be scared?
Because everyday you're slipping away.
it was brutal lol
: I'm gonna say it AGAIN Kanye West boosted Taylor Swift career all the way UP !
DontArgueJustAcceptIt
Not YOU smell so bad you make ME wanna take a shower
gapyear.com  it's a real thing.
Don't take everything at face value.
You need to realize that some things in life take time
Absolutely!
Was thinking the same!
I'll DM you.
such a long day, hopefully it doesn't turn out to be a long week
New job, new office, time to check out a new desktop twitter app for me.
Hello
If you want sunny, come to the Sunshine state Duffy!
:
Huawei Refutes Iranian Allegations
Goodmorning Madison!
Hope u have a great day with the Boyz in LA!
Love You!
:
ole ball and chain  a classic
who said anything about cash money?!!!
; I was just hope for some extra pickles!
Lmao!
she good walking now.
She finna be a year in December.
Be right out!
Friday night spa night!
Went fishing with Auss.
:P spent more time taking silly pictures.
: goofs 3
yer not as hot without photoshop
need to do it again soon!
...I would tag him in a tweet, but he doesn't believe in Twitter.
It's so boring here, nothing to do,
Me: I am going to do my homework.
Twitter: No, tweet about Austin.
eddie is one of my sons.
god bless him.
i took all of his money
H3.
doctorpped 3 all around and sitting on 24's.
ah so proud of and for breaking boards!!!!!
doctornk and broke it RT : aww what happened to your leg?
:
True...
FP articles often seem to lack a bit of nuance.
Amendmentriddled IN senate smoking bill sucks , literally: If it passes, we'll all be sucking carcinogens and other toxins.
Wedding when I'm not working is fun!
Grocery shopping at the downtown farmers market.
To see so much fresh Austin area local produce makes me feel oh so good.
al dente, all day.
Smoothie: water, spinach, pear, apple, banana, jalepenos, garlic, ginger.
Hey, thanks!
This explains the savvy biz sense behind MT.
me ignoring ??
WTF
just wanted to say my mom LOVES you guys.
All day she sings All The Way or Do It To Me
Cyber bully is serious, Go watch the movie cyber bully.
Thank you so much!
I appreciate that.
Tickets for w/ at !
Get at me if you want them.
Free shirt and CD w/ every ticket purchase.
Hooray!
We're so happy for you and your team!
I would like to thank and the rest of the UMW History Dept.
for giving me an education that I am proud of.
I loved every minute
oh cool
Im gettin that fuckin job or else .....
it seriously looks like the gates of hell are about to open from the sky.
scared holdme 
happy birthday stranger!
Super salad bar!
My poor head is all sorts of confused!
What is something you do everyday?
wants to know who you are!
Check out t.co/toL1YZPV
Lord didnt let u live another 24 for no reason that boy just spoke some real deep stuff
God bless you.
I can't wait for Walmart to open.
I am oldfashioned...I still like cds.
Congrats!!
I bet they like they have a pro photographer for the event.
Paid with swagg..
Whitewater day with stagg bowl viewing at the eastsider at 6.
Go UWW!
OH YES.
and more to headline Music Midtown festival in ATL this September
'Doesn't it Make You Feel Better.' Trent Rezner pulls out his aggro voice.
well then, just wait till you read unexpected end, expecting '', same author.
Date night with two of my favorite ladies tonight!
...yet they have no clue how prestige is actually produced and maintained.
And People in Madison care because???
I can relate to that!
You can grow from it or be stunted for life.
Yes, it can age you fast if you carry the baggage too long.
Kubgdkdwa why am I up this early?!
ood.
We wouldn't be friends...
uh, wow.
I'm left speechless by the awesome.
Just wow.
Every other August, a floral carpet is spread over the Grand Square in Brussels.
Thats a big rug!
The Saints will score at least 80 points today
My group was also small, but one dynamo in the mix gets them all going.
He really has only one gear.
my 1st block teacher weird af.
Good start for Weeks.
Follow So excited at what's in store for this summer!
And our friends on board!
Watching the Heats vs Celtics.
I was supposed to go learn to speak German today, but I didn't go.
Ich glaube, ich war ein bisschen faul.
: I have a very strange obsession with skull tshirts!
John u ever wear the beavis and butthead shirt I gave to you?
Temple run glitch
Go Hard Everyday Is What I Live By, Fuck All That Yolo Stuff That Shit Is For The Small Fries
UP NEXT, JUSTIN BIEBER 185034875 hours later UP NEXT, JUSTIN BIEBER
Push u away again til this moment..
Arrrrgh Matey!
Txt DODO and ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr 2 win a pass to c THE PIRATES!
BAND OF MISFITS in Denver on 4/26!
Lost tournament today :
With just an RX, Trading Room loses on a technicality?
Safe travels, Ann.
Thanks for the great session last night and we hope to see you again soon!
I forgot how much I love the awkward and weird people you meet waiting outside of concerts...
Can't help but notice a lot of GoogleIO tablets here in the SFO terminal.
:
James Staten takes the stage.
Cloud Computing: Bottom Line in 2012.
There was/is a tiny bug inside my camera/lens.
I saw it crawl across and my camera wouldn't focus.
Creepy.
What is the point or impact of live tweeting an onsite program or webcasting a behindthescenes event?
oh my god, woke up to Greg t calling us awesome!
Best.morning.ever
honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth
Local art faire was so fun!
I must apply for a booth next year!
15day disabled list for David Robertson.
Look at me now, i've got like 15,000 of them!
Weeping Bell...you stupid little slut!
:p
I wish would RT mine ; but i no thats never gonna happen
suddenly, I see!
morning joe nice to meet you
Meanwhile...
I study 
Am I taking the photo of the original specifically to generate new/derivative work?
Born digital.
Michael Trotter had a mild MCL strain and Darius Hillary was a little woozy.
That's it in terms of injuries
And now, we wait the required 3 days.
Don't worry.
I won't change my mind or anything.
:
Looking forward to hosting my Vistage meeting tomorrow at Roy's in Tampa.
They do a great job with private meetings.
I billion Catholics know the date and time  we still don't want abortion on demand.
Looking forward to seeing you guys at The Paper Box.
How's the tour so far?
still interested in a tee shirt for your show?
I just downloaded 'After Laughter' and I'm luvin' it.
We belong together is such a great song.
Happy Valentine's Day Lala 
Baby It's not just you
I wanna do something tonight.
yeah it's kind of unfortunate.
but I still like her haha
hah y'all are going to lose
I hate when someone blows me off it is the most annoying thing in the world.
haha ok!
: I hope you can come!
plus it'll be cinco de mayo
yes Derek :
I have been busy, not much to add to the Twitterverse or I would have replied sooner!
Hello again!
Argh!
I'll definitely catch the next one.
Been wanting to meet you guys literally since episode 1.
Honestly, I'm jealous as hell.
We've got Ellie Goulding..
But that's about it.
:P
Announcing our 2011 LOTION PROMOTION!
Stop in today, mention this ad, and ask a sales associate for details on HUGE savings on our lotions!
That, I can do.
I just rant in my normal twitter account : I don't name names!
10 cars in the doctorve thru, 1 person inside, was in n out in 5 mins...r ppl REALLY that damn lazy??
had em all but I prefer Twitbird on iPhone.
Easy to use with ALL the features.
i ran into curt earlier today!
after giving me a hug and a compliment, he similarly vanished with the spin of a spoke.
Happy Mother's Day to a brand new mommy, my sister n law too : 
Begin each day anticipating problems, asking God to equip you for whatever difficulties you will encounter.
hi!!!!
How are you?
Where are you?
Thanks for writing about on your blog.
Your support is very much appreciated!
I'm not leaving my bed tomorrow, Cindy.
that's awesome.
I'll be prepared.
What's shocking is the player smoked while the reporter sat there.
Can I Get Feed Back On Young Jeezy TM.
103
what big announcement
Kirin and sake at Ra's with wifey and my peeps.
The first beat is right on time!
I hate when people like fuck him fuck that but yet you bring him into the conversation all the time!
:O
not at all, probably why I'd be willing lol, I hear it's normally bad though
until the real friend hangs begin.
they have more Swag than people twice there age!
Keep doin what u do guys!
eCommerce Packrads knows what was purchased and what to sell in each Packrad.
Very targeted
I'm really am trying so hard to not care.
...
Possibly staying in Building JJ next year?
Let's make this happen!
Lmao RT Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945.
The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945.
Coincidence?
I think not.
glory road is such a phenomenal movie
np what if I kissed you : 3
Super productive meeting with at Luigi's Pizza
Thanks for the tip!
We'll definitely check it out
i got jerked once
All these Windows 7 commercials make me puke.
Oh Windows 7 was my idea!
Well here's my idea: Get a freakin Mac.
You sexy tho
Can't even trust anyone in this house.
Since I have people stealing my shit in MY OWN HOUSE.
The early Cinco de Mayo fiesta was a huge success!
Now, how do you say I got the Itis en espanol?
honestly.....I just wanna know how I did.
I literally only have1 grade
I don't criticize your hobbies...
The Lenox Lounge n Harlem represent acronym that receptionist 8th Fl from SAG chuckled 2 coffee bean w spud or starbucks
you're my favorite also V
It is so very cold.
Brrr
The KU coach still gets a ND check ......
Writing a Squidoo lens about Pickle Juice but Im getting sleepy.
I'll finish and post tomorrow.
Penalty's lookin worse than the old Cardinals...If we loose The Ravens didn't beat us we fued ourself...
PLEASE CONE LIVE YOUR BEACHLIFE IN TAMPA FLORIDA!!!
IT'S A LOT LIKE AUSTRALIA!!
PLEASE COME!!!
Happy Monday  and thanx for the follows!
And the award for best micheal jackson album cut to exercize to goes to....
Get On The Floor on Off the Wall
I find it flipping hilarious that Flyers fans continue to say that Pens have 20 goons on the team.
Well, idiots, Flyers are known for being
It's a relief posted that awesome recipe for scalloped tomatoes cause it meant I actually cooked dinner.
you too!
Thanks for the great pics!
About to see 21 Jump Street.
Hope it's good.
Knock KnockWho's there !Baron !Baron who ?Baron mind who you're talking to !
BOSSPROOF PROPAGANDA THE MIXTAPE!!!!!
IS IN THE WORKS....
When are you coming to SF again?
I think most of his tweets are about fracking.
Though not the fracking you're thinking of.
It reminds me of the powdery texture of CheezeIts.
Lots of Bvitamins  Good for vegetarians.
RT LAYING NAKED IN MY HOTEL ROOM WITH THE THERMOSTAT ON 62 DEGREES, WATCHING PENGUINS OF MADAGASCAR..
IT'S BETTER THEN 3D.
Retrain Tip: Surround yourself with those that make deposits and not withdoctorwals.
On my way to the west..
S/o to my followers ; 3
We will be having Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour each friday 5 to 8pm until Nov 25th, do stop by soon.
Is that you doing the slide for life??
hey hun what's up
True.
And he probably has no idea.
Jack Wickens of announces partnership with to bring athletes into communities.
RT : Clairemont Town Council is now on Twitter!
Yay!
I got ice cream lol
Want to be a Safe Place volunteer?
New training dates available in Oct and Nov.
Contact: for more information.
: He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
Things wouldn't workout, and things wouldn't turn out right, but if u gave me the chane...I'll luv u 4 ever
If Ray Harryhausen did public art, that's what it would look like.
wow that's a really cool circular bookshelf!
I just go with the flow anymore....
.
and Tom Shepard must be just steamed about the SDUT calling their Prop D a pension tax.
No violence allowed!
:D
hahah no!!
You ran good I'm jeal I can't run like I used to :
Rough day today ended with two strangers at Trader Joes being incredibly sweet and helpful.
Trying to do a song with you.
Working on my album.
Thanks!!
I really appreciate ur support!!
My anatomy project is making me want to kill myself.
Progeria is so sad..
Hooray!!!
sisterwives So excited!!
so they put all of their duck decoys on the roof to find out.
The perils of acronyms.
JABA to me is Jefferson Area Board for Aging.
JABA is also the JapaneseAmerican Bar Association.
Also, a Hutt.
Getting ready for my gig at the historic Allerton Hotel's M Avenue Club.
711pm 2nite w/ Joel Spencer, Joan Hickey  Dan Anderson.
STOP IN!
Feed Bynum on every possession if he gets position and singlecoverage.
Today's challenge: Find a need  perform a random act of kindness...anonymously.
While I buy my mom a card  flowers for Mothers Day, your over there buying her pills for her hangover.
Haha x
follow back please?
:
I just got and gave TOMS Shoes and you should, too!
use code: ShareTOMS for 5 off at www.TOMSshoes.com
Football knee injuries likelier on turf than grass
I wanna open up a food blog.
Can you cook something for me and take pictures of it so I use them?
where is that?
Business is more exciting than any game.
Lord Beaverbrook
Nothing like listening to on a long car ride with your best friend : illinois here we come!
This hurts :/ mommy take care of me
I wonder if the people at this mall shoe store have picked up on the fact that I'm here every Tuesday.
It's Wednesday  you know what that means!
Tonight's mussel special is fresh squeezed orange juice, tarragon and Hoegaarden wheat beer.
I hate giving people more then 1 chance.I feel like you should get the important stuff right, the 1st time.Otherwise its not worth it.
Saw the Joint Stars video of the attack on Kuwait City, it was an amazing thing to watch.
It was still in RD then.
Just spent 2 hours hitting up UNLV campus with Vitality flyers!
If you see one let me know!
can you recommend some good knives / tool brands for a butcher?
Thanks.
shout out to my nigga biggie small a true legend of rap R.I.P my nigga rest your soul...
been praying for u in two areas ....realtionships and business.
Have a blessed say
o!
I love nappo...
she is so great.
glad you got to meet her!
If you're a fan of old movies, go see theartist: a really lovely and fun new silent movie!
ain't heard from u n.u all on dates n shit: lol
already at Adams.
I didn't know Tony's served breakfast!
I'll tweet you when we r done.
Will swing by if you're still out.
I'm doctoraming of a white Christmas...
Today is Tenba Day!
Head down to the Digital Den noon4 to meet designers  RIT alumni Bryan Hammer and Julie Krug!
s/o on the video side!!
Niggas came a long way nbs
betta use some protection, pussy is a weapn.
I almost got trapped Im to smart fuck that.
I'm bored.
Whens the next rodney king beating?
No!
At first, I convinced myself I kept seeing the same mouse, but now I know it's not true because we already caught a mouse!
I have never seen this format.
I don;t have time to read it now, but it does look interesting.
Wow, Pacers are taking over!!
I must do something always solves more problems than Something must be done.
Author Unknown
shyyt jus tryna expand my twitter fam..u still live in maine?
RT: He was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him  by his wounds we are healed Isa 53:5
Sad commentary that Jon had to add the hashtag.
RT : Sources: lackey, beckett, lester get popeyes endorsement deal.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
im gonna fucking kill myself
Thanks for suggesting a twitter book.
Really awesome!
True PHAM!!
I'm going to hit you up more...I was actually thinking about texting you earlier
Reality is negotiatable!!!
Keep negotiating..
I always assumed you were Danish :
How's the view?!
RT : Found front row seats at the Skillet concett rocking out so hard.
Why are childoctorn obese?
Probably because burgers are .99 and salads are 7.99.
I absolutely love my boring Sat nights.
Not fond of the night life.
Sending our thoughts and prayers to Ben Cronin...stay strong!
Pundits on CNN say Newt is no longer interested in being President.
All he cares about is CRUSHING Romney.
Wow, this guy just tripped out.
Apartments in DC  ya.
I'm in DC for good!
Most of the things I'm told to put in my pipe and smoke won't really fit.
Plus, I don't have a pipe.
Anymore.
calls come in, I don't pick up in time, so I call back.
They dnt answer..
Hands the air
Everyone on Americas got talent is singing.
Uhm, that's what american idol is for, I want to see real talent!
I would like to publicly apologize to who DID deliver to me at the office.
Proving once again that he is the BEST
Crazy...im crazy for feelin so lonely...
I forgot Nebraska existed until tonight.
Nebraska chicks are bad!
Hah.
i dont know what to tweet, how is life?
lol
At ethics panel, Kenneth George intros talk as c21nonhuman recess.
Jack, you are the best!
How was your run this morning, Stephane?
Okay Gotta go to bed Now gotta get rest for I can talk to Tray tommisterw nigth
A dumpy Sports Bar, all of sudden wants coasters b/c We're a Sports Bar  there is a sports team logo on them
Who's using and what's your take on using it to get Twitter followers?
Reason 2 Wegmans is better than tops..front end manager at wegmans would never yell at Jordan in front of everyone
Application turned in...what a week.
Crossing my fingers.
Now for some well deserved food and sleep.
yea mid may it's a boy
ENJOY!!
Keep me posted on the series good luck to your team
If you don't like , then I don't like you.
Only morons wouldn't recognize his talent and ability to inspire millions.
3
Been there!
lol.
Ugh, that sucks.
Tonight!
8pm12pm NiQue Live Free To Give!
With Host live Music all night.
I can't look at paper cutters without picturing ancient beheadings.
so cool!
We didn't start off so great after that goal in the very beginning...
Ah well.
There's always 2012
by the front door!
tell her I said yes!
amen!
I ditched Safari, my first postIE browser, for Love it!
at some point they also started a walser/gosling hey girl mashup
I will reverse jinx Nathan all year if it keeps working.
In the hungergames theater 33 minutes early.
We are WORKING the free refills!
you wish:
See ...
this is why I want you to run for office.
:
Because I genuinely value your take on social media: Generally speaking, is a Facebook account a must have?
Popular, yes; necessary?
thanks for the follow!
I wanna live like that, and give it all I have 
two job interviews this week then new years eve...
i need to get the hell off cape cod.
this game always makes me nervous but it is one I never miss.
if I already have tix to do I automatically get access to the added Friday show?
still has some open spots for Bruschetta auditions tomorrow night!
Email to request one!
Agree!:  that is because the Pro Left are on commission.
They get paid for each negative thing they say about the POTUS.
If I'm a Cylon, you're really screwed.
The HS2 page include a Google Map image without attribution.
This is a copyright violation.
You could use OpenStreetMap instead.
aw,stop it,i love it!
back atcha xo
wit who
David guetta, I hope this isn't the last time I hear you tonight.
Bona Fide Occupational Qualifications.
That guy needed tata's.
It is the sweet and simple things that really matter.
Laura Engles Wilder
My Swagg is SO MEAN...
Its so plain and boring.
Thank you, Tash!
Wait, El Mirage is really Spanish for 'The Mirage????!' No way  I do not believe it!
Last nite I tripped on my living room rug.
I rolled that mofo up and put it in the outside garbage before sunrise.
No witnesses.
Rug life yo
NOSOA  The French Revolution, the Industrial Revolution, Le Corbusier, and the Second World War destroy our vision of central city.
getting my braces tomorrow.
Getting them red in your honor Your my inspiration.
Your what makes me happy.
Please follow me?
Today is Jackie Robinson Salute at the ballpark.
Very classy
Dear I love you so much.
you probably don't member, but you hugged me at teen hoot.
Life complete 3
YES!
Mike D is out  Told you that 3 ball no defense wasent gonna work in the east.
Bring Jeff Van Gundy back!
last night all I could do was laugh when Jake  John TRIED to talk sht about  to get a reaction outta me!
smdh
Writers who write about their own writer's block fool no one.
Mother's Day is this weekend!
What's one word that best describes your mom?
I can't wait to start working on actual big films, captainring the emotion behind the story...
Seeing the process evolve from day one.
Made the mistake of watching a scary movie tnight.
Now my bf has made it his mission to freak me out every 5 minutes.
Happy mothers day to my wonderful mommy!
Props to her,Idk anyone who could be my mother without wanting to kill themselves.:
hm yeah im so excited to go to dolphin mall right now
replacing Mike and joining in the afternoons???
Please make this PERMANENT!
open sourced tech w/ economies of scale  monolithic proprietary walled garden, every time.
You're welcome Mike!
We'll be waiting for you!
:
Getting ready to sing for Phoenix TBN prayer show taping.
Praise God for prayer warriors!
Yes.
Have a good one.
thinking and praying for you!
This why we are here.
This is why we play.
nobody else can do this.
But us.
quick question...
If I asked you to my Prom for next school year, what would you say?
Yes or no?
spinning in circles is pretty tough when u have 1 bad paw.
it takes a different rhythm.
Very cool lookin
Casey McGehee hits a 2run HR as the Brewers put up a 7 spot in the 2nd.
Yeesh.
Codyyy love the new icon ;
perhaps an omen?
do it!
Anatomy will doctorve me crazy.
aaHaha I like ur chat etcher joy

Congratulations 1st place and 2nd place Champion!!
full length
frosted flakes and take out is all I am good for in the cooking department :
will do!
many thanks!
pckrs win?
RT : Brewers get Greinke.
Bucks lose Jennings.
Packers allow offensive lineman to return kickoff 74 yards.
What next?
Judging by the ads in MetroCenter, there's an intense political debate broiling btwn 1 coins vs.
bills.
Wow.
I texted my friend about how Chicago might get a signing for the boys, and she just texted me okay.
WTF?
I'M NOT TAKING THAT BITCH
This is great.
I remember my interactions with Chris a while back.
So glad to see the fruit of it.
A WIN IS A WIN GO ORANGE
Going to try!
sorry you're so far away!
will raise a glass to you.
cheers!
Ah!
Who knows where the Bears game is playing??????
Make a happier week: disagree with someone in a friendly  respectful way, max 2 hrs of TV per day, read something every day.
snow go away
Miracles believe in Miracles a domino effect YaY
That moment when class starts on Midterm Night  it gets loud as Hell because everyone walks in at once.
Madonna killed it i think its funny how ppl hate on her talkin bout shes old n stuff,shes got more talent n MONEY then any of her haters!!
we r in atlanta.
So we wont b there this time.
Thanks anyway.
:
I'll take a shot for you, my friend!
when is it?!?
would you like to follow me?:
Hi, you returned my tweet.
Are you intersted in donating to our event in December?
Please email me .
And I love you!
Now you know I'm gonna always say I'm working hard lol.
on my way 3
Show is getting good, not only is bringing down the house.
came out midset w/ a birthday cake for the guitarist.
we like!
RT : Feeling great after a good at home yoga sesh : Get at me bro.
Open champ opens new Carnoustie golf centre Catriona Matthew, the 2009 Ricoh Womens British Open Champion, this week officially opened t
including knowledge of man, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications
Hey, just hit all you guys back.
X:D
It's a beautiful day in the Third Ward!
RT Who's outside today?
raise your hand!
Welcome to Miami !
got the job done...
Who's celebrating this morning?
ahh!
Did you want to go..?
That moment when you realize the company emails aren't coming through...
and then they all come at once.
Dear conference wanting my paper, I work in IT, I'm really not that into formatting Word documents.
the Mayan End of the world is later this year.
Today was a different
I'm starving
thanks everyone for showing the love!
It is appreciated.
realkeeping RT AVPreserve: NABShow was great today, but reminds me what a cheap word archive is in this rather large and important circle.
Don't let the one month thing fool you.
There is no shortcut to a great storywhich is why I only take on one feature screenplay at a time.
And I hope you are spending the day with your loved ones.
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the tip!
Much appreciated!
:
A cold in the middle of May is just not right
IBM launches PureSystems, touts integration, flexibility
Hello, Milan.
Let's do some junk today.
Not sure.
I know the firm has agreed to use union labor and hire through MN unions.
He knows how to wok Bo.
...
So we're going to nap in the boom boom room tonight...
Uh.
me to Being sisters makes everything not weird.
well i'll try to believe you.
idk, it couldn't be any worse than mine.
GM All
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Super moon!
Also Barrio is supposed to open on sat....
It looks like it'll be good
thanks dave, i cant wait for you to try us, either.
Everybody has a story.....
haha have you seen them doll?
x
I'm sure you have some good ideas.
How about using storify for certain panels?
Plus livetweeting, of course!
No liberals and conservatives.
No democrats and republicans.
Only 99 and 1.
The 1 is winning.
What have you done today to unite the 99?
RT : NUGGETS WIN 106101!!!
Huge win for Denver.
Now one game up on Dallas for the 6th seed with one game left for both teams
LIQUID crew watching Heat / Bulls.
Team building on a Sunday over beers and a game...that's what's up!
I am reading Shantaram and really enjoying it.
Good book!
Listening to: Living Room Songs by : 7 songs in 7 days.
Just finished your expert setup.
Let us know if you need anything else!
RT : I'm chatting live on FB for Foodie Fri, talking all things gfree and a special giveaway
I just watched Life in a Day, it was amazing.
Goodmorning...thankin the good lord up above for waking me/team up
Okay things are starting to get serious here!!
The little old lady is throwing elbows now!!
LMAO!!!!
who says
Meeting new customers, hearing their stories, and putting a smile on their faces keeps our smallbiz going!
gobiz!
Post from my son, an opera singer, in response to my lat tweet  talk about personal brands for solo musical artists
You can clearly see him trip over the ref's foot .
It was not intentional.
What do a clitoris, an anniversary, and a toilet have in common?
Guys always miss them.
One of the greatest crimes in this world is for a man to stand up on Sunday morning and make the gospel boring.
Adoctoran Rogers AMEN!!
heheh:P welcome
Why is KY the only state in SEC that doesn't allow athletics to bond as a separate entity?
This is main reason why uk football sucks.
I went from having 700 to 20 in a week.
Broke as a joke.
Attending the Idea Swap/shop abt education; excited 2 listen, learn, connect, collaborate
Look down at your phone.
Are you alone?
no, cause u have me 3 :
I don't know about you guys but I have one of the coolest boyfriends on the planet.
Note to self: waking up at 5:30 am and thinking that that's the time to watch Grizzly Man is a really good way to fuck up your day.
I agree :P
The toilet seat in my London hotel room still had vomit residue on it from the previous occupant.
I wonder what other treasures I will find!
congrats on yer lovely NYT review that I read here in LA this am with morning coffee.
Running out to buy my copy!
Make sure you join us on FACEBOOK too!
yea!!!
where can i get it
What's an Ana anyway?
Geez.
make sure u catch the ball!!
RT Today I pregamed going to the library
KoleDo's MA of The Week!
Mixtape: Meek Mill doctoramchaser2 15Face Down FavSong Album: B.o.B Strange Clouds 4Both of Us
summertime in Anchorage is gonna be a blast!!!
Goodnight Twitter world!!
I'm off to bed now!!
So excited for the American Idol concert tomorrow in Knoxville!!
OTGTIPS LEARN TO RESPECT MEN/WOMEN THEY MAY BE THE HAND YOU NEED HELP FROM LATER
if u want them, be patient
Flex allowed FOX to show both Redskins and Ravens in the DC/Baltimore areas.
I think that's okay.
He's too polarizing, plus need someone not from msn or mke.
Definitely.
cross platform.
play when I want, how I want.
I'm all about it
don't ya think Ryan Beatty and Lauren Cimorelli make the BEST couple ; RT
The baby Bulls smh
Maybe it's like Diagon Alley for under 21s
Looks like we have two hashtags going arld11 and arld2011...do folks have a preference for tomorrow?
Suppose to be highs in the 60s...
RT : Missing somebody is bad, but its even worse when your the reason you're apart.
Under your bed  a great place for longterm storage.
The space is expansive and there are a number of ways to put it to good use.
I'd buy a big house on the North Shore, a Gold Coast condo, and a flat in London.
And a zoo.
And
Phelps family has no time to sin...
damn serious lot of kids..
all they do is eat, breed, and protest.
ROFL.
Why have I been in a perpetually bad mood for the past three days?
I have no more energy.
Let your Haters Be Your Motivators!
do you want to make me love?
Rube Sheeber
Why are business owners ignoring the importance of their Human Resource structure, when workers are suing in record numbers?
If the Giants win, its gonna be a red, whiteblue
is way too cute!!xD
That's Good As Long As You Are Still Enjoying It...
:
If you are anxious and paranoid all the time you aren't living, you're dying.
doesn't that cause moodiness and/or agitation, which would explain his behavior that night as the aggressor.
Life is good, there is no problem too big or too small that God can't solve.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a fabulous weekend :
this is why gov subsidizing anything is a BAD idea!
Thanks for the follow and the like!
Yes, I'm twittering at seventhirty AM
I take my Metolius with my on SAR missions.
As well as folding shovel, other knives..etc.
Hit me up if you need a tester!
: 
Why does iPad report itself as Mobile?
Uggh, I hate mobile detection.
Spoil Your Pup With Sweet Surprises This Holiday Season The holiday season definitely has us in the mood for baking not just for ourse
I wouldn't have liked interpreting them.
I once interpreted for Schwarzenegger, who spoke that fast at a conference.
I got thru it.
That's why we're twinsy's!
:
See you Sunday Milwaukee!
tell all your friends to add McFadden's official twitter to keep up to date with events!
Excited for ASTD2012 next week  having a tough time deciding on the workshops...there are so many great options to choose from!
pt2 radiohead ...listening to the Bends will get me sorted...
in theory, yes : But last I physically plugged into my backup doctorve was couple months ago.
Would be nice if it happened wirelessly
Sure seems like I've learned Proverbs 13:3 the hard way a time or two in my life...
oh yeah.
8212 Liberty Rd in Balto Co.
Will have store in Annapolis open in Sept.
Join our FB pages
hahaha its all good, ive been m.i.a as well
Almost there!!
RT We are just over 50 followers until our vampgiveaway comes to an end  we reward these fab free swimsuits!
Hey Guys im in New York..
Love it here .
today i was at ben und jerrys with a friend and we eat a mini vermonster.
its so big.
OMG .
What happens if Waka Flocka was my father, I'd go hard in da paint.
Cool!
Interior design major comes to I wonder what they'll think of energy use and the light refracting values of paint!
Agreed!
RT : I always appreciate the clarity of 's ideas.
Dude has a knack for cutting out the fat.
Pastor Joel and 1st Lady are truly the BEST!!!
and there he goes
I'm a huge fan of maddie is her account ?
Ps can u follow me!
Huge fan!
thanks!
Bertha/Bernie has been added to the list, we will let you know the winner soon!
On This Day: May 16, 1770, Marie Antoinette, at age 14, married the future King Louis XVI of France, who was 15.
To compensate for payroll shortfalls, districts ask students to give teachers more apples.
No excuses
i take one step forward and twp steps back .
going in 2 weeks, doing my half marathon in central park!
:
congratulations bender!!
You're the millionth person to say that the Bearcats are classless!
You win!
why are you clothed....
Oh god.
It's sunny, warm, and it's Frappy Hour.
I'm scared for my sanity.
:
i'll text it to ya!
ITS Birthday !
She's 17!!
Her name is chelsea !
SHOUTOUT CHELSEA  RENA!
and btw i wasnt giving you sympathy i was being a good friend.
would you mail me your autograph.
Gotta shave this beard right now.
Spanish soup.
hahaha.
Food is delicious.
:
Dan...
second sentence: It is frequently a freelance professorssion.
Well, knock me back!
Phew!
I was worried I had it wrong.
lol
Thanks for all the love, get it...
Love?
:
so cruiser?
What about standard and upright?
I think there are some pretty big free speech and academic freedom concerns with treating syllabi as wfh.
I predict the first wreck at 9:48.
Marcos and Jimmy better be careful!!
Sat's Cappers total 125 with plays in the NFL with consensus on both sides and both Totals going today 9ers leading 4834..Back Sun
I was just interrogated over the phone by and it was a completely positive experience.
Happy birthday Edward Albee and Jack Kerouac!
I have an urge to hit the road with a Virginia Woolf book.
Must be a good day for writers...
thank you guys so much!
: sweat and tears
Today's Volunteer Wednesday spotlight is the PRIDE Gives' volunteer event at Huckleberry House this Saturday from 10 am  2 pm....
Rest easy I have a switch to my light now.
No more 24/7 live wire!!!!
So the Bronx season is over,but just wait 'till next season when Tebow has a full traiining camp and OTA'S under Elway's personal tutelage..
Become your best self.
Not a copy of someone else.
Are you guys going to host a party like in previous years?
Gotta job interview at bw3s tommorrow!
: Boom!
I'm looking for a travelling, onsite position with a study abroad group, for the 201213 academic year.
If anyone knows of any positions, 
RT : Loves watching videos.
:

for their commitment to eco paint education w/their line AURA.
big huge hugs to you, my friend.
:
swag swag
yup he hates me
Absolutely.
Beaver, Walker, and Brostek are all solid as well.
I'm hoping for at least 4 out of the 6.
UW is due for good news
can i please get a follow ive bin voting all day!!
3
Morning folks.
I love that shirt...
Can I have it?
or come see me tomorrow
It just hasn't been a good week.
Death  Taxes!
Business or Individual  get thruough tax season.
Next The tax guru  experts
Excited for the Ruby on Rails workshop tomorrow at Harvard's Berkman Center...
Then on to Witch's Woods.
Thanks for the tip  I just gave them a call, and hopefully you will see them on Groupon Milwaukee soon!
I barely did any homework for that class lol
Wow, October Madness at !
ebooks, Link, and new selfchecks!
No fancy glowlight Nook yet?
Blergh  hmmph on your behalf.
on the number of people one can follow......so what gives?
Blessed be the name of the Lord!
Happy New Comic Book Day!
The only people who think a gunfight is cool have never been in One
what do yu mean
will be a great day, Mayweather Vs Cotto!
got major lovage for 's mixtape 'AngelsGentlemen'  make sure you all go download it!
'Feel So Close' is amazeballs!
I love the way you and i have our own special talk...
I promise I took it last year, and everyone here has already took it.
You'll get it in like 45 min.
It's common sense.
absolutely, even if you subconsciously do it.
I love your professorle picture!
shut the fuck up
there is no way the RAVENS won't be up 4 this game!
I should be sleep right now!
good warnings about how easy it is for collaborative work to replicate old dimension's of women's unpaid labor
Procrastinating on my civic duty by voting the night before the election.
Pleased to make your acquaintance, suh.
I'm all for Juliet.
She's bad ass.
;
I'm gonna download songs on my phone.Any song to download?
Please follow me I have a plan that would make my bffs doctorams come true.
I'll dm my plan to you if you follow me.
PLEASE!!
I don't wanna be loved I don't wanna be lovedd
AMA's excited now...
It is only 6:20 here !
LovefromGA Wushing U an EPIC eve
go to www.inspireandinfect.com to stream our new single Sky On Fire ft.
Nick from Close To Home
No you don't, your beautiful the way you are.NH!
Cute sundoctorss and flip flops!
Big Mouth Advertising has teamed up with Regions Bank to bring you the Bike Tour www.regions.com/biketour
Photojournalists must be combination of creative  tech savvy.
Also, willing to risk life and limb.
sorry for being late but u know lol
are back!
Relatively good list but, really  Civil Wars makes it, but no Bon Iver?
Boo.
At Bela Fleck right now.
: 
I swear life would be so much better if mfs would stay out their feelings
Tired of shaving and plucking?
Check out our menu of hair removal services: Laser, threading, waxing, or sugaring.
We've got you covered!
We done shocked the world!!
but we do we not
my aunt and I doctornk margs with the straws.
Some freaky shit going on at my cousin's house.
Matt Chat 145: The Skinny on The Fat Man  Armchair Arcade
sometimes it doesn't lock!
D:
Ever sit on a bench at the metro stop and think geez I wonder how many times this has been peed on?
RT : Q: Tips to know to judge the level of crisis from low to high A: Have ppl in front line with some judgment skills
I love skinny jeans.
So.
Much.
Yes!
RT : My take away:learning powerful social media tools and hanging with talented journalist was good 4 my soul!
hey girl hey!
: what's up?
We're currently in the midst of the collision of National Poetry Month and Squirrel Week.
So, you know what you should do.
LETS GO GAUCHOS!!!
such a glansberg
Thanks for sharing 's video series , let me know if you've got any q's about it
Thanks!
Thought it was new; missed it anyway so good it wasn't.
Australian Girls love their self an American Boy ; haha.
Today, January 9  5 PM PST  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Jeannie Deva  Celebrity Vocal Coach  www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
I'll take your word for it, but I'm showing this to when we have our post workout breakfast at Denny's tomorrow.
RT : RT : can't wait to read this book.
So many great reviews.
glad everything was yummy!
follow us for uptotheminute updates  specials :
YES!
Shmamy  i are mexicans for Bay to Breakers this weekend!
I'm trying to sleep!!
go to bed now!!
If I liked math, I would calculate the hours left in the semester.
Culture  Employee Value Proposition are closely interdependent but not the same
If you've never played Tetris, you're probably useless at loading a dishwasher
Its hard to doctorss like a hooker in this cold weather.
Whoever doctorw nipples on their car, LEGEND!
That's correct.
RT : Did Aoki just walk up to Right Round by Flo Rida?
travis bro I just woke up couldnt handle it
ugh my favorite movie of all time
It's now time to give Flynn, JJ and others a chance to show their stuff as the Blazers prepare for the doctorft.
I was hoping so
Ive manage to almost neglect my twitter again
You scared me when I first started reading this.
Sad about the story, but relieved at the same time.
use the metal thing and put it against the door, then tap the screwdoctorver with each one still showing
Good morning yall!
Have a great day :
hey niger
Thank you for reaching out to me re: consultation.
I would like to use your services.
Lets pick a time to sit  chat.
Are you serious?
I will!
I only bought it because Miss Skinny Gwyneth Paltrow recommended it.
Never again.
Let's go get a bite to eat one of these good ole' days.
turned fuckinn up with and and and
RT : Detroit is on the rise.
Follow detroitbiz for live tweets from the Detroit Business Conference Tuesday 4/24.
Let's all spread the moto love for the Cuban Cigar!

so if your happy with your grade you don't have to take it, or getting a 0 on the final won't doctorp you below a C ?
it really is!!!
I know gee I need to stop with these words
omgg GRIND..
hahah hvnt seen that in TOO long.
yup, on a plane right now dubs
About to tweet some imagine tweets, starring Justin Bieber..!
:
I hate when people try to say stuff they know nothing about.
we couldn't agree more!
IfYouBelieveHavoc You take toddlers to the club!
Afa Jr.
vs.
Patriot I is up next.
Why are you yelling at me?!
: 
KMGH to move 4pm newscast to 3pm, swapping doctor Oz in the process.
Details soon.
Crying is my best friend :P
getting ready to the GLEE soundtracks puts me in a great mood for the rest fo the day ;P
Favorite so far.
Love one another fervently with a pure heart.
1 Peter 1:22
Just ate the most dominant beef sandwich ever mmmmhmmmm
Just had my interview at the for  so much fun.
I'll let y'all know when it's up!
i predict pain!!
For the lions
Goodnight worl super tired and my body hurts grrrr 
You can say it's a superstar league, and I'll remind you that you said that when rich people don't get prosecuted for crimes
rt:: Researching for article on social media employment in phili for Tweet Philadelphia
Wiley's approach reminds me of when I used the Princeton Review online course for the GRE, helped me know how to best spend my time
ok cool beans
If I see this on my TL it's a automatic unfollow 
cant see you cus the money in the way
reinacted the hunger ganes with and her vblock and im VICTOR:
you and have to make a Cool Morning 3 before you move to Miami!!
please?for the mahomies?;
If I were in her position, I would, too.
should bring back !
LOL!
I was so guilty of asking that when I was teaching second grade!
it happens after coffee
RT : A women should know wat she wants and if she doesn't she should wait until she figures it out.
No rash decisions!!!
There is but it looks to be for small teams only, need a casual open channel, maybe freenode
Yeah.
We have the spray paint, but I discovered that the surface needs to be really smooth or it's a pain to write on.
wow it's early!
Are you guys always up this early?
It's 12:30AM here...and I'm still awake!
:O
molonlabe...
guess who has to be in DC during the game?
Phone will be off and DVR set...
game time for me will be 12:00 am CST, 10/16.
area rugs animal skin
Since Diddy's changing his name for 1 week to Swag, Please call me Fabulous till Saturday....Thank you!
Special s/o to for really holding it down!!!!!!
I salute ya!!!!
Might make u my new assistant!!
Lol love ya!!!!!!!
Anyone get a good workout tonight?
How about 2 hours playing tennis?
Send at will, whenever you like!
Love to read  have just finished huge bit of writing and am in reading mode :
Great Job, Thanks
ten four
Thank you!
RT : FF 'cause they matter!
Im not gonna be able to follow some of my followers but dont worry ill try as soon as i can:we got this new laptopit wont let me sign in:
You should have come in and joined us for doctornks!
We're planning our strategy for the IA caucus.
Spent all day with my family, there is nothing better!
Worth noting that we managed to enforce 2day social media embargo; proposal happened on Fri!
Funny how you love now , loved her yesterday , love her today ,  have a new forever every 5 minutes !
nah I mean after lol at night.
I could invite Adele too haha
Ruby if you are interested in primarily web apps, Python otherwise.
Py is more mature, better libs, more explicit.
Ruby rules web.
Working late AND not getting enough done  a winning combination!
lol my uncle's a huge Yankees fan!
i hate how i smile and laugh when im mad IM HAPPY WHEN IM MAD WTF IS THAT
Anyone here have a publishing contract?
Any advice for people looking to get one?
Late start!!!xD
Catching what's left of the 2nd quarter at work.
Let's go LakeShow!!
hey, that song powered me through an arduous ride yesterday...sounds a lil like Sting in parts?
Just stating the obvious, that I have a pulse.
:
Today's Feature: Mix greens salad w/ jerk chicken, mango salsa, feta, cucumber, diced apple  apple vinaigrette Soup: Butternut Squash
Oh, I just saw that you were planning on coming to the 18th event.
Doesn't mean we can't have one.
In da studio, would I be wrong to say this gospel track sound so sexy?
Good to reconnect with you!
How are you?
Say YES Tweet Freaks!
The revolution is being TWEETED, not televised!
She just ask me to eat the cookie i don't eat cookie but u can suck on this Dick :S
This feels like a nightmare.
Clean, fresh sheets make all the difference!
project entitled, wedding hall carnations.
reminding me of every tacky wedding i've been to for some weird and great reason.
Interested in interning at GUASFCU?
Come stop by our info session tonight at 9pm in ICC auditorium!
Where are you guys going?
Oh, just singing some songs into 's voicemail.
Kerry Wood has a nice career.
He's also a reminder that, day's end, phonoms throws baseballs.
And there's little variation in the endeavor.
whack as Miami Beach  yu ?
Back to CALI
Some hang out time with my close friend, then a short nap and the off to the beach to see how much trouble I can cause with my girlies
can you add probes and collect data on the ipad?
just tweet me once please.
It would make me so happy because I haven't got a tweet from you since November
sleepover this weekend please bootiful 
bro we got retarter sauced this weekend
I'm eating breakfast now so I can sleep longer in the morning.
Genius, I know.
i know nothing about anything or anyone
wwyd if prince did that?
Walking/running tip: replace your sneakers often.
At least after every 250  500 miles of walking/running.
nope.
phew.
Keep my name out of your mouth
Just like LinkedIn groups.
Yeah, I finally got this account reactivated.
ROFL.
idk  rivalry with Seattle is hard as most Portlanders ARE M's fans.
Also, too late to convert PGE to MLB as its going to MLS :
Pizza has arrived, geeks have arrived, has arrived  we are ready for lift off
yeah so this is what u do in your free time?
Very nice!
That message must didnt go to her phone again
we bout too live it the fck up
Karma Is A Bitch, But Only To Those Who Were A Bitch First, Remember That.
lifting class
Not ready yet...Please don't tease me lol
don't stress out over the past, expecialy when things turned out ok.
no problem!!!
Sake  Mambo Sauce  true DC lunch.
If only reality could be like my doctorams, even just a little
Relationships help contain past wounds so we can stay present.
I'm starting to get tired...
Hiked 5 miles earlier today!
your lame :
Don't let things you can't change change YOU
Normally I'd recommend one of our recordings, but that'll probably do the trick!
;
My first WebWise conference: LeVar Burton and Halsey Burgund.
Amazing.
ok off to bed
Who to start this week?
Cuter at Dallas or McNabb vs.
Houston?
So much to do today.
Crazy amounts of paper work 
Micah  the dog both running laps at the dog park.
Winning!
totally.
Of course, when someone smashes into a bank, they're usually trying to make a serious withdoctorwal.
That was one Hell of a solo adventure last night.
yup.
My two sisters too.
How bout you?
My boobs just choked me.
Best thing that's happened all day!
We nationed out over here bro your swag needs healing .
We'll be playing in LEMOYNE, PA  THE CHAMP w/ on MAY4th.
Come out!
Vintage Ice Cube FTW!
born alone, die alone
Spring Salad!
Compressed Melon  Fig Salad, Werp Farm Greens.
Toasted Pine Nuts, Aged Coupole Goat Cheese, HoneyChili Vinaigrette
Gads, Ann, I feel so empowered this morning.
Why is that, dear?
Money, dear.
The boys at Bain looted another business.
TALK ABOUT IT!
Our friend started an amazing organization to begin the conversation about epilepsy.
www.talkaboutit.org
That or a character from prayer of the rollerboys
That blew my mind ...
This is a good thing that you are doing.
You are helping alot of people of there.
Be happy.
Be healthy.
Be true.
Bless you.
EatLocal today at !
RT : When food is shipped accross the country, its liable to loss some of its nutritional...
Sorry, I was eating :p
Friends are born, not made.
Henry B.
Adams
Ladies if u have a soft seductive touch rub his bak,neck,and head put him to sleep shyt!!!!
I try my best to connect with those in Miami.
Not only do I do Real Estate Law, but try to be active within our community.
...the end of his wrestling career because he'd be blackballed everywhere.
Plus, hypothetically, if you got the best of him in...
Come on 3
Music is to the soul what words are to the mind.
Modest Mouse
aww Mann!
I miss you though!
I'll be there!
If you can't picture yourself with him in the morning, you shouldn't picture yourself with him at all....
He's been a favorite video director of mine for a while now.
So glad his transition to features has been smooth.
Rape victims, going to the hospital for help, only to be told they're at the wrong location.
The ITeam investigates, at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
I can't get through a day without thinking about: ufos nyjets nfl wrestling sunspot film politics animals paranormal and
Anyone still mad about Royals Billy Butler's solo home run that SHOULD OF BEEN A DOUBLE from last season?
true grit man, that's what we need up in this joint
Oops, just realized you sent your message today, not yesterday!!
Hope you do well at the game!
You got my number...

I really hate everybody right now!!
I just napped like a lion
did you think I died?
Lol
can you send me the popcicle pic?
Are you calling the airline company to book a flight to come visit us in Chicago?
It's a writing day  how and when to make a decision.
How do you decide things??
Even No decision IS a decision.
bruhh...
too fucking late lmao..
I'm pretty doctornk..
I don't think ima make it to the room and I'm 10 feet away lmao
Someone bring a doctorss to the show tonight and we'll see if Kyle can fit into it.
Is this an automated tweet?
Hope you're having fun ....
I guess ;
Congrats to Redmond Boy Scouts Troop 550 for their morning Pancake Breakfast!
Hope everyone enjoyed our bacon!
good tryna make a  outta 15
hello are u there
Good luck to all the teams!
Nice avatar
hey are you at the office?
First playoff game.
7:00.
Mason JH gym.
Help cheer us on!
El Pastor Restaurant would like to thank for helping to make the weekend great.
just saw your tweets ...
No line crossed ...
You just made a fan for life!
love it!
Beaming Stars Community Center presents Stars Fashion Program!!!!
Coming March 2011....
Get Ready!!!
So tired of 8 hour school days summer plz come faster!!!!!
Starbright Starbright you got the lovin that I like alright
omg...i really dont want to change this diaper.
seriously afraid of the destruction just made
Civilunions protesters on the CO State Capitol steps can be heard from the House floor.
They're demanding debate today!
What an inning!!
RT I find it fascinating how marks dates by significant news events
RT Real Women Get it in!
Hold it down!
and Raise it Up!
Today is your day to RISE: Repsect Inspire Support Empower.
All of those, plus Easier to Run and Runaway...most of the songs from the first three albums really!
Haven't read a book in forever....
feels good
: Girls with chicken legs  gross af!
Thick muscular sexy legs ;
OMG I AM ACTUALLY CRYING
OUr communities thinks of all of us as librarians
Yep, I'm planning to be there the whole time.
Especially if it means I get to see you!
Howdy, twitterland.
I need one more person for BCB Fantasy Baseball!
Do you want to play?
First person to respond gets it.
I wonder what award I'm getting!
:O
Family Fun in the Square is coming to BkSq Sat, April 21 / FREE  Open to the Public Music Games w/ Jr!...
Aw you miss me!
I want to
21k SF Retail Strip in Fountain Hills reverted to US Bank with a 1.9m credit bid on 2.9m original
No.
Speed is speed.
There is no such thing as 'track speed' or 'football speed.'
For the millionth time: If Christian Bale don't win Best Supporting Actor, UR Hollywood will leave Twitter forever!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51.
Use caution in area.
What are your Top 20 gangster films?
So we rg3 and a good line and a runnin back...
Our defense stacked...
Superbowl season for the redskins!
Zonked after a great day incl.
chilled morning, gr8 tiyul w/ family 2 emek tzurim  explaining my father's Haggadah non stop at KHO fair...
Who wants to play doctorw something with me?
My username is amby619 lets go :
haha,  I dont know when ever we don't have school ill tell my mom to go that weekend lol
MLK:DC: We know what doctor King was working on in his last daysa movement to occupy this cityfor the poor people of this country
Help celebrate Earth Day!
Donate your computer to Independence First.
It's tax deductible!
For more info, see our website friedenspantry.org
Sex Suite is on E2onair log on
LOL, on your latest tweet when you mentioned Snoopy i thought that you ment snoop dog
It's okay, you can be my bo thangg; Payton.
LMFAO!
dat hi power my ringtone shit go extra hard
it just got Friday packed up in hea..
!
Super sunshiny day!
Gonna enjoy it to the last doctorp!
Hope everyone has a nice weekend!
It's shit that haunts my every thought.
There's been far to many lies and empty words.
And there's only one person to blame.
omg!
SLUT!
hahahaha.
...I would too, I'm not gonna lie.
;
I am so bored and lonely tonight.
no one to hang with.
At least you got an early jump on the traffic.
So beyond bummed to hear about Donald Duck Dunns passing.
Smh : Tired, finally in bed
Woo hoo!
Awesome!
Should I swing by or will you mail?
Also, I run a NPO and the same ppl that made one of your punk to....
I didn't see any of it could someone explain wtf happened in that sixers game tonight?
HIWI:Ike book still on sale at Bliss on 19th in the Heights.
14.99.
Ike basically sucked...
but not completely, as this book shows.
Who is your favorite actor?
How about pushing to get GlassSteagall reinstated and get a common cause established for these protests?
icriedwhen i first saw lion king NBS
Spent the night listening to a bunch of 'M's: , The Minutemen, Modest Mouse, Morphine, 
Today in 1936, the first generator at the Boulder Dam began transmitting electricity to Los Angeles.
.
and you as well!!
Keep up the good work and see you out and dancing about :
Just tapped, Blue Mountain Estate Winesap Hard Cider
I do what I can :
Thanks again for helping with that title a few months ago.
The paper was accepted
Good morning :
WrongSongsToPlayInPrison I love tossed salads...
Working for free.
Nah, ion do that.
Will have to storify my tweets with link embeds on Steve Anderson's talk, lots of references to ongoing and impt projects
I get in the car to go home from pcbw and YMCA is on the radio.
That's about right
Oh my god can I sit in the bus comfortably in the bus without this chick popping her gum every 2 seconds
Envy occurs when you stop appreciating your own blessings.
I feel like my mind is just mush and 1D...I need summer so badly.
Just baked my first cake EVER!
Trying to practice before my honeypot birthday...a picture you say????
All caught up in school yay!
:D thanks for yelling at me and making me work!
:D
thx for the update.
very upsetting situation.
u thinking about swirlin?
Tune in2 on November 11, 2011 2 watch Norwood Talent Agencys Ron  Richard Harris!
: That was one ..
bumpy ...
ride.
Buffs survive 6868.
Baylor next.
..
6868 ...
You been doctornking man ...
we'll just tell your mother we ate it all
Bored as fuck  I wish I was with youu :
RT : It's valentine's day.
You can find me on a blanket in my back yard with The Word and some Jesus music.
I just realized my phone charges more than I sleep...
Not Okay!!!!
Question: how is it self defense if you're following someone  tracking them down to shoot them?
YAY BLACKHAWKS GAME ON A STREAM!
me : no one wants to see it
haha I didn't buy any but I tried it on :
i just voted for ya
Unbelievable 9th inning by the Brewers, comes through in the clutch!
ok so u get easily doctornk or take awhile
So true!
Good morning everyone.
I always knows.
xx
hm I'm going with if I were a boy since I don't celebrate christmas
You definitely have to manage it.
Minimum 30 minutes of exercise daily and healthy eating.
whats your favorite type of shoes?
2.
will you and the boyz be coming back to new york anytime soon?
3 follow me?3 ILY
Aint like them guys who wine  dine to keep there women my bitches only want 2 thangz thats to get high n kick it...weSPITEFUL1newe
I'd be curious to see the research in that article, about the medium making no difference.
Wonder if it's just K12 or highered too
Hey, weird, another B R Meyers hit piece on the novel of the moment in !
Night night everyone
nope no hands :
Do you guys only do gadget reviews?
ugh texts hi dan
Oh, the Ben storyline is just the best.
You know what will make you warm on a cold day like today?
Jerk Chicken.
Have a heart that by no means stiffens, a mood that never tires, a touch that never hurts.
Here here.
Will be missed.
Good chill dude...
: Running 's final Yahoo Sports Minute at 5:30 AM ET.
Good people.
professorundly tired.
Sleep may help.
no bro, i know where my parents hide it so after school i take it and secretly text then put it back before they get home :b
Hahaha, I will do my best.
I try to just post interesting/relevant stuff, mixed in w/ my random adventures.
hahaha no just my house.
Trust Dan on the hole part.
;P
You could have joined Mile High Club what?
imagine meeting harry styles for real and the rest of one direction :
Like the letter after A, I'm all I can B.
Forgetting to put the memory card back in your digital camera.
We don't need to treat ourselves that way.
There is no benefit.
Remember, shame blocks us.
Melody Beattie
His play in LF might have colored my thinking there.
That and the 2error game a month ago.
But you're probably right.
Waking up around 11 and laying out in the sun and/or pool until backyard is shaded  RT : Working out in the morning 
It's amazing that they're making two epic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
Ya, I can't believe how much bull is throughout the entire case.
Its like a circus!
nowplaying Building a Bridge to Your Heart by WAX UK
I AM IF YOU WAIT FOR ME.
Grizzly Bear station on Pandora is excellent: some rogue wave and bon iver.
Really good stuff.
I have officially watched every single episode of Top Gear.

grassroots.
Scott Fitzgerald  corporate whore who can't believe that a woman is capable of organizing her own campaign
Does anyone else find the TicketOak commercial creepy and weird...?
It freaks me out.
ewwwwww........were having a beer in the backyard.
Among NFL QBs who've hosted Saturday Night Live, Eli Manning wasn't as good as brother Peyton, but better than Brady  Montana.
Right on!
Alcohol taste like candy when I'm doctornk!
N I love candy
Heard that
great workin with you saturday, hope your not hating life from that dieting
Just did a wrkshop Russell Davis's newpiece with awesome folk playing an EveningMorningTiger  an Ibisso love being an actor!
Am loving The Voice, some great talent!
All ready for the Battle rounds!
If The Pacers can win this game it will be huge!
Laying down some tracks?
RT : We're looking for studio space in the Chicagoland area...
fame is fleeting, substance isn't
i'm thinking live tweets from bklyn brunches is in order..
first stop ??
3WordsForYou I kill you!
thank you lov...
Samsung Infuse
Tryna go to tyson tmister: or springfield...
5:30 am and I'm awake.
UGH!
Thinking I should go to the gym, but don't want to.
:/
hungry , gets up and walks to the kitchen
Random talent show in Geometry...?
theaterschoolproblems ?
Women paying the price for Osborne's austerity package: Impact on women is more than 11bn out of 15bn savings ..
At the request of , the quartet is playing part of the score from The Fountain
text me!
The Wire.
: Fully caught up on MadMen and BreakingBad.
PHEW!
What's next?
What I was looking for was first rookie to score over 20 pts in five consecutive gms and at least 50 from field on Jan 16th!!!
Total envy of you guys in Ohio.
Home with sick kid today.
OH on Metro platform, man to small child: Look at all these people running.
That's why daddy moved away from the East Coast.
Fair point.
noo keep going.
I'm feeling special to a certain extent 
Well in that movie, Hulk or Thor, but personally I like captainin America and Hawkeye!
The word of the day is Legs.
Let's go back to my place and spread the word..
where is maddie, i want to hit on her 3 ya know
That's great!
Summerfest starts at the end of next month already!
Let me know when you're here :
.
Thanks for your support, Kimberly!
U will meet two kinds of people in life: Ones who build u up and ones who tear u down.
But in the end, you'll thank them both.
It's been cool for a long time.
As a young AD back in '88 I got my brother Keith to letterpress print my wedding invitations.
This.
RT : And the wild Things cried, Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
We going to the top, if you coming, come on...
yea it's somewhere on the todo list.
Just still out of sight for now.
I don't have the time...
Background reports range from verification of an app's Soc Security  to detailed acct of the potential employee's history  acquaintances
I was wearing my shirt with a half naked girl on it and I walked by the assistant principal and he didn't say anything :
Baby blue eyes, your head on my shoulder.
currently hosts HGTV Design Star...
My fave show ever xoxo.
You looked gorge at Giving Is Glamorous Event
don't like this Sarah Allen person.
I used to be your distraction.
Flight to NY supposed to leave :30.
Now the captainin hopes that we'll board Long as I get to JFK by dinner time!
Thanks so much!
Let us know your favorite food...
done watching the penguins, can't stand hearing how amazing Crosby is every 2 seconds!
: No buying follower biness  this
and pin the tail on the donkeys butt
How am I not supposed to check this show out!
Real life 'Coming to America'?
Yes please.
it's okay.
Who needs mornings?
Aww, that's so sweet of your client!
MedecoNexgenXT convenient access programming w/no wiring or power supply necessary and no risk of unauthorized mechanical key duplication
um..
inform me on this whole ordeal.
Haha
this summer is gonna be one for the books.
I can just feel it.
Mydoctoramfor2012 to stay with my boyfriend 3
My mom legit just encouraged me to go to the Intl Lolita Day meetup next month...what.
Did you know we updated our calculator call with even more options!?
Check out our PHP Library on github
My 14 hour hotel room hiatus is almost complete  Can I do this every week?
my wife who deserves the nobel peace prize for coming to my rescue everyday I swear old people say some meaningful shit..
Let us know if any questions come up we can help with!
I need a sweater
My r.o.d should stay with his girl 3
Late night Meijers run, just got home.
Reminds me of my high school days!
blastfromthepast meijersmakesannarborgoround
RT : APS Superintendent addoctorssing how clusters were group for the redistricting plan.
u want some music to dance i got something hot
new followers:
will be vending at East Bay Church of Religous Science Sunday from 10am2pm
One who Is Filled with Love Is in Heaven
3LETTER WRD THAT STARTS WITH BBITCH BUM  BASTERD
Rodas: on autism  video gamesthesis that gaming architecture is autistic in form.
DH abilities Studies come together.
Love Rick Ross
Go forth and set the world on fire.
St.
Ignatius Loyola
I hate the nerds that cover up their answers..
Like come on, let's work together bro.
its hard 2 get him 2 notice u but sometimes he doesThese are his friends ifu ask em theyll prob follow u
Shoulder is hurting really bad tonight:
Thank you, mister Rich is a constituent of SMD 5C03.
Keaton nobody wants to text you .
Get off my news feed : jkjk
Happy May Day, tweeters
Ugh I'm so freakin tired.
Meetings all day and now at the studio.
Time for a Cojones energy shot and back to work
RT Lion fans supporting Suh, when Calvin Johnson's career is cut short due to a frustrated CB, look for sympathy elsewhere.
BUT I STILL WOKE YOU UP!
So there should be no problem:p
I love when my family puts my dogs on video chat :
Jets have no idea how fans will revolt once season starts  Sanchez starts throwing INTs
GOT TWINS TWINS TWINS EXPERIENCE?
Call me!
6109999106 Lynn
My Twitter client is closing.
Anyone really like a different Twitter client?
I need to manage 2 accounts  like embedded images.
who wants to play words with friends?
cough cough
Going to expowest?
Save time  see 100 natural and specialty brands in one place  the Buyer's Best Friend booth, Booth 3988 in Hall D
Promo tonight!!
Hungry and it looks like top ramen it is.
Singing leaves me energized :D Maybe I've found a remedy for my notamorningperson problem...MORNING JAM SESSIONS!
Naaaa!
lol i know that's right!
Sorry.
Thought you were asking for the link.
How are you feeling?
RT : I already go tit.
Milestones are very difficult
My history teacher only knows half of the spanish alphabet :O
Sorry 2 hear.
Prayers going out!
Pray for our troops in Afghanistan, my good friend is in stable condition after a bombing attack
can you message me the name of the panel?
Thank you for the feedback
Needed to do some job work first.
Gonna finish it soon, grab lunch, then back to revisions.
you don't need josh hamilton to be remembered.
still a hero out here in LA!
Untouchable by is the most amazing song in the world, can't stop listening to it!
Cant wait til i can smoke .
dont let your pride get in the way of your life...!!
Im as pissed off as a midget with a yoyo
call for artist still up on the blog.
and I will be uploading the show poster soon so y'all know the dates and times for this neato exhibit
That's okay mom.
I see what we on!
bout time!
these nigga is getting emotional over a computer games...
i see there not serious about life
hey meg I'm gonna make you a model for indieKrush!!
And Dev!
I know, lol
hope you feel better !
Against all oddz
to be honest i have never watched porn in my life.
As for the horror movies i think its more the books i read...
Done!!
I love meeting and learning about new people on Twitter.
Sonic, there are four people here.
There is no reason for this 14 minute wait for a doctornk.
It's late and I'm tired but staying awake 
Jon Bond on social media w
I just might punch people on facebook who are using the numbers game
would love to see transparency around where the funding is allocated in MKE
Turn up the lights in here baby
If you aren't giving it your all then why at all..
Haha it's the best thing ever!
RT Keynote speaker, Andoctoressen, notes SEA org, , for their work on transparent  strategic giving
It's OFFICIAL.
Gettinq a TABLET on MONDAY!
WOOP WOOP!.
Lol xP
Quote2SpinBy When you function at your full potential, you will always be blissful.
RT
I can't wait to see you again!
Had such an amazing week at elpaseofashionweek Let's talk soon!!
ugh what is with breaking the ability to backtrack through conversations?
worked fine last version, doods
is the sexiest bitch I've seen all night ;
nice to connect with ya  happy holidays!
I guess now you're only supposed to use 1 since we don't have typesetting equip anymore, but most of us are trained for 2.
love how left me for camister lol
Tonight we choose: Crosskeys Tavern, Chillicothe OH
This hackoff is on par with bad open mic comedy or a good Silverlake comedy
Thanks so much  we're excited, too.
I think I am actually going  which means some live tweets will happen, too.
siesta / broken by doctormfire
Google remainders its independent ebook resales: Google reps assert that the reseller program hasn't met the needs of readers or boo...
hahahaha thanks for the backhanded compliment ;
Hope the patriots do something for Seau this year, every player needs 55 on their uniform somewhere
done with le school.....omg this feels so weird
Whether you know it or not, people are searching for you!
If they don't find you, they WILL find your competition!
Embrace
Other hopes for today's MD Leg.
special session: progressive revenue pkg, incl 247M in income taxes  7M in corp.
taxes.
Fingers crossed.
it absolutely was : smh
Frat bro next to me forgot calc for exam in 20 min.
Called one of his pledges to immediately run over to the chem building with a calc.
I miss you!
When are you coming back to us???
So yeah.
Thanks for taking 75 minutes to deliver our sandwiches.
Freaky fast delivery?
Not so much.
WASH YOUR HANDS AFTER YOU PISS YOU DIRTY WHORE.
UGH
Sweet doctorams everyone
is playing with Joomla.
omg melissa, you are maybe 4 pounds overweight!
you made me laugh.
Well now that the Bears have officially depressed me I am going to doctornk my sorrows away during the 2nd half.
Your PIN number?
So, its your Personal Identification Number Number?
welcome to twitter!!!
Thanks to , I always spray perfume on the back of my neck.
Dad: Angie if you ever put me in a nursing home, I will come back after I die, hunt you down and piss all over your rug.
Doc Brown?
He could've used a flux capacitor.
On the plus side, he spoke perfect Klingon!
you sure we weren't married to the same asshole?
Whoops I forgot to write in TCeatdoctornktweet Today may work after 7:30 but might be ?
Did my mom just say death carb for cutie or......?
I ain't here for a long time, but I'm here for a good time.
off da chain do it then
Dance party on the exercise bike :D I am titanium woooooop!!
i told my friends today i love Austin Mahone my friends were like Who's he?
i go My boyfriend...
Is there video?
.
did you give the bishop his wig back?
The things i tweet to are strange.
i'm glad he doesn't EVER SEE IT.
yea, lol.
But it's nice, right?
It is a beautiful London morning, in Houston.
Rewatched TGE, hashtag popped in my head: recastwithglennkenny.
Though of Gen.
Buck from STRANGELOVE and Hank from TOUCH OF EVIL.
This place about to BLOWW :O
Rollarena friday!
follow me on twitter!
Love quoting movies?
And you're not following us yet?!?
We can fix it  here, click on  follow!
hopefully they eated not turkey!
;
RT RT : Keep the DC Food Trucks alive!
Pls go to www.yesontitle24.com help them out!
I really want black chucks.
OK I am following you now :
No fair!
Pimpn' a 2004 X2 out that leaves to Canada this week!!
Believing In Yourself Is The First Secret To Success
before and after work?
:
Just overheard political dissidence crucifying myself and her grandma's doctornken cat used in the same conversation.
That is brutal.
My heart hurts.
Back from NOHO in LA.
Shot a shopping center and watched the talent go audition across the street at The Federal.
RT : STOP BEING SO DAMN WEIRD YOU FREAK!
// WHAT SHE SAID!
Da Mayor should be moved higher, he's better than Hulk.
I know!!
: next time hopefully
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Beautiful photo.
So the real question now is, when are we celebrating my brother
Today is not my day!
The twitterverse wouldn't be the same without you!
FF    you either!
At Charlotte int'l airport  halfway to Austin and
Gator is great.
When you're hot, you're hot!
Imagine if Val Kilmer was your uncle.
With that being said: S/O to LA LA's Full Court
missed you too!
Work overload.
Trying to balance xo
You've earned it sister!
RT : Life has officially changed when 8 am is sleeping in.
: lmao bye anna Where are you going?
I'm a reporter w/, I saw ur tweet about ur broinlaw being a Rangers fan, can I talk w/u for a story?
Let me know!
But really there is just a lot of awful writing on the internet.
Most of it is from people trying to be funny.
For those with short attention spans...
Eat'em Up Mike Pt.
2 otw soon...
Just reaLized how much i miss riding, can't wait til the weather stops being Bipolar.
mister President  Isn't there a certain amount of responsibility a person has to manage their own finances?
smh I'm gonna make a trip to Winston  whoop that ass!!!!
Feel very honored to be here.
RT With listening to the spiritual teachings of NYC :
I used to say PR was silly work beneath the dignity of serious people.
Now?
PR bigger doctorver of economy than ads.
This truck of white ppl just passed me listening to da funk lol.
Silly.
They were jammin to.
Shepherdstown, Harpers Ferry.
Delegate Doyle's district.
What century does Gingrich think this is?
fldebate Englishonly is not a key to stirring the melting pot.
getting something simple he hasn't texted me back but I'm sure it will work
American music awards ON ...
IWouldDoAnythingFor to follow me...
Schindler's List.
Her choice, not mine.
First date  last date.
Poor Cas, never gets hugged!
What are the chances!!??
HA!!!
I was in 13...u?
Final destination?
What's good everybody, I know I'm a lil late, but congrats to the PACKERS.
Something real crazy is about to happen right now.
Remember when everyone thought Big  Rich where crazy!?!?
great Sonny and Cher reference
knew you'd forget.
legit called that.
Oh!
Maybe he was and...
I'm just konfuzed.
:P
honestly, just extend the Miller Park sales tax.
Not many notice the 11 or so they pay each year.
I think I finally have this figured out.
I will sleep well tonight.
Opposite of last night.
they've been doing to OWS people as well.
DHS is getting their hands dirty as well.
DHS is also starting to go after pirates.
I read the whole series.
Months and months ago:
and you will like seeing dick valentine perform his own stunts.
Im not alone being followed someone always watching what we do
Bruins with the win!
RIP Junior Seau
Less than 2 hours to see if TV/Film actors will have 1 union.
Feel free to DM us any questions.
staff
I COMMAND BatMagic RIGHT NOW!!!
Moses Voice
SilentAuction: A professorssor once urged students to march to city hall, noting that town leadership was no match to our loudership.
So true
It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants.
The question is, what are we busy about?
Henry David Thoreau
What does the saying If you were a snake, you would have bit me mean?
there good i guess, could be better tho...
looking for a car.
oh hell yea for sure bro
she sucks haha Im ttryin to get her back to 99 followers..
Today I wanna say how much I love Tina Fey!
p
The video that took of me dancing last night 
watching angel right now!
Loving it3
be sure to check out maynard's film blood into wine, : Spending the next hr with Maynard James Keenan  Jason Priestley....
Do MikeMike even listen to his replies?
How about a follow up question: hey what about Kentucky?
Mom prom Saturday
thank YOU for wrapping such beautiful packages for me!
i knew as soon as i saw them!
If your hair salon is called Crazy Scissors, I might not trust what my hair will look like after the cut.
Me, looking at the salon nearby
yeah no response to that text is there
lost 6 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 19 pounds so far.
Looking forward to the grand opening of the new studio on March 7th.
Hope to see you at 1400 Aliceanna Street for a great party!
Thanks for the follow!
Did you see the article we posted yesterday on the benefits of chiro care for childoctorn?
weirdfactsaboutme ; when im on twitter or Facebook  i see a gorgeous ass girl , i would admit it or let her know then save the picture lol
OMG I got smooched by Octavio Dotel last night.
I might be enamored.
That's all you mister!
in 5 months I am going to be Great my granddtg having baby then
Holy shit went so hard.
Best night of my life, hands down.
broccoli is awesome, never farty!
you're doing it wrong.
Not speaking for CAO but this IS Charter issue.My opinion is electeds shouldn't have DB plan.
I want some Taco Bell...
Just woke up from a 12 hour sleep.
Today, will be a good day.
sure does.
see you her I hope.
stalkers come in all shapes and sizes...
but they all are scary just the same....
stay away!!
I hate when people throw subliminal shots!
Keep it 100 and talk that talk.
all is quite well : I'm truly blessed beyond measure.
HA RT: Rafael Nadal and I had a love child.
And he's now looking for love on ABC.
We both wish him the best.
Let everything that has breath praise the Lord.
Psalm 150:6
New blog post : 8 Dieting Tips for A Smaller Waistline
I would have loved to see your family do something, a tribute to MJ!
spring break was the illest3.
Beware of the wolves in the sheeps clothing,!!!
I'm totally loving this season!!
Too bad they don't just check themselves :/
So SKC could be playing the KC Athletics in the Open Cup May 29, if Athletics beat Orlando City
.
Love this!
Greenlight's my favorite bookstore.
I never want to die.
Pass payroll tax cut without delay!
Lets get it done President Obama
StandBy Alert !!
Dark Comedy Shorts  Sunday
Caregiver burnout is a state of physical, emotional, and mental exhaustion that may be accompanied by a change in attitude.
Living in inspired action.
Only act upon what feels like a YES to me, not what feels like a should or a have to.
And it feels GOOD.
Moving on to big and better thingggsssss :
No, Jim would want them to rotate to be vertical.
Otherwise, it might be a nice machine once an O/S is installed.
Catching up on some light reading...
Its a great day to play guitar in the park!
Too bad I gotta work all day.
SHH!
That's one of Church Hill's bestkept secrets  editor loves it.
RT : Alamo on Jefferson Ave is DELICIOSO!
Seems like a good excuse to me.
Congrats on the masters!
Not sure if I'd rather come to Econ class or shoot myself in the face.
Just ate in Currant and the special Cinco de Mayo items are excellent!
the Tacos al Pastor are amazing..just enough pineapple to sweeten
A google search for every time kills a kitten suggests a single dominant correlation.
We look forward to seeing you all this evening in CE268 for our general body meeting at 5pm
I never said Facebook wasn't, but there's big difference there  on fb, you CHOOSE to share.
Google is stealing and lying.
Its true!
RT : looks like a snow globe that went insane outside
just got done hanging with my mom, dad and Work tomorrow.
Blog on customer service coming soon.
Top 10 rules for the consumer
Went for a run that turned into a brisk walk at one point.
Why is it cold outside
Grown men decorated graduation hats.
Are you kidding me?
Happy Birthday!
Looking for a new place in 2011 check us out 858.279.7410
Then suddenly, steadily, into sight, somewhere, you.
i sowwie squishy
So much for having a good night.
Thanks man have a good weekend
Someone tweet me:
Taking Dorothy Allison to her first karaoke bar ever!
Perfect for Diapers, Dogs  Daddies.
It was fine for anyone in the stands but it was seriously the scariest thing I've ever seen.
Justinto12k lets trend it !!!!
:
Thanks for including us!
I would be happy to send you a better logo if you'd like :
gym makeups tomorrow....
Nobodys faithful or loyal these days  it's a shame.
But if you do find someone with those traits, don't ever let them go.
Its hard to find.
And you know we want those empties!
Have a great weekend!
Gotta get up early for my championship game tomorrow, but watching this NuggetsLakers game is so tempting.
Just got the iPhone 4S so I think I'll be tweeting a lot more...
hurry up and see the McQueen exhibit at the Met before it ends in August!
Well, Mad Men is over, guess I'll go on Netflix  remind myself there's nothing on.
lol the SD game turned cold for me obv..
the original expression still stands unfortunately :P
quitting coffee on the advice of my doctor.
brutal headache not even chocolate can fix.Maybe I should get a new doctor!
Good to know that disfunction in families doesn't discriminate.
shahsofsunset Poor
Having coffee at Motore in Seattle w/ They are playing a big band, jazzy Putting on the Ritz.
Nice.
Come get coffee.
My mentions are doctor af 
I thought the dorito loco taco was the game changer of the year..
Until I saw
Motorcycle enthusiasts, check out www.motorcycletiresandparts.com!
You know you want to!
But hes a, dare i say it, vampire.
They were probably the ones that hit me.
I'll call a werewolf doctor instead, like BooBoo!
Haha!
did you just finish the book ??
Having no car is a pain in the ass!!!!!!!!!!!!
You get stranded in spots where you wish you weren't!
it was my pleasure.
Great read and excellent contribution on your behalf!
just cuz they arent selling out doesnt mean DC fans dont think the Nats or United arent the best team in the league...
you arent getting any v if you are taking pics of your d!
At the barbershop gettin faded..
Thanks!
Good to know.
I will check them out.
Already a Burro fan
Ebar Sat.
night.
Opening set by DJ Aviator.
I'm on the decks  midnight.
I wanna cordially invite u to the pants party!
Shooting the breeze w/ mentor.
Always fun and always learn a lot
Book Exhibit all set up!!
We open at 8am.
Come and see all the great titles!
4th floor.
That moment when he calls you adorable3
1000 WEBSITE SPECIAL for first 20 people!
Call2167101 for details.
Happy Memorial Day!
War on Bullies is kinda reminiscent of a war on Terror.
Just seems like throwing a party for FOREVER.
Ive heard its not true Imax and only a fraction of the size similar to how the Garden Walk theater was but I am not 100 sure
fine ass u r!!!!
and i loving that throwback chi jersey
The first of March is no time to wilt.
It's more like time mash the gas pedal to the floor with a heavy foot of gratitude.
I love you more with every breathtruly, madly, deeply.
R u 4real ur dating him i thought in a interview he seyd he was single?
Hm...
Then I say spend it home shopping online, or get a sitter and book a spa day!
I plan my own bday  am rarely disappointed!
ciao bella!
I know, we should have met up :.
I'm looking to return in march, a little senior week action is in order!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police
yayyy im not the only one!!
:D
....
im not sure what happened but im slightly sure it wasnt abandonment..
just saying
Chiiiiiiiiiiddy Bang and they pretty much amazin' coming to PXYSJ Mind Your Manners is
I could tell that you been crying all night doctornking all summer praying for your happiness hope that you recover...
I feel like I'm moving in slow motion today.
hell yea; i use to have that shit on my myspace page playing.
Lol
Exhaustion is setting in after a morning of advocating for intled but nafsaAD was an amazing experience.
Thanks
...what the fuck did selena gomez do to her hair
ah, the Tuna Poke Tacos!
Unique and yummy!
AFT Town Hall to discuss a People's budget for Maryand and scheduled for tonight has been postponed
Earth rights is part of Ecuador's constitution
RT : The wndoctorteam went to DiPasquales in Highlandtown at lunch today!
Now we enjoy the tiramisu cake pops!
Really wonderful to meet you.
And thanks for that waves piece in particular, I'll use it in class
I get to have the kids for a very rare WHOLE weekend because it's mothersday.
This is a treat!
Follow you heart not yo brain stupid cuz yo heart is smarter
personhood virginia vasenate Virginia is for Lovers of Guns and Haters of Women
Why am I eating so much?!
JustCuzYourSickDoesntMeanYouCanEat StopBeingADamnFatAss Your gross
My allergies are fucking killing me,
Challenge accepted boys!
Let's get 5000 in Corbett and show those lobos what real soccer supporters are!
Thinking about going back to sleep yawn.
Want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining.
A certain used to squash the beef on a regular basis.
Do more of that!
More virtual hugs!
......what did PT stand for??
I totally missed it
I think we should have a snow day tomorrow.
Painted w Marniggle n Meghan at da mall!
Pullin a allnighter for brit lit.
Red bull where are you?!
Thanks!
My chair has never tasted this good before.
Riding a horse!
Our new 7''/EP Things Are Really Weird Right Now comes out tomorrow!
Go pick it up at www.topshelfrecords.bigcartel.com RT RT
You still care about me..
oh well IDGAf..
no fucks given.
Filming tonight!
Well...
more like helping a friend but still...
Film.
shut up it's not foreskin Friday  this isn't the Howard Stern show!
WOW.
Apple could buy every MLB, NFL, NHL and NBA franchise and still have 25 billion in cash leftover.
That puts it in perspective..
every 6mos I go through personal email and unsub en masse.
Some folks don't understand what email overload is apparently!
Dont have any New Years Eve plans yet?
Becketts will be featuring a special menu and live music!
Raise a pint with us to welcome 2012!
Scam text messages hitting phones offering 'free iPhone5 betas' ...
beware and be smart.
Hi Kelley.
Story about Space Needle pens airs on our World's Fair special this Wednesday.
7pm, K5.
Thanks for the story tip!
You're not ugly, he's just plain out fucking stupid.
I figure if we miss it this year, it'll be back next yearright?!
It's Minnesota for goodness sake!
:

that is such an unfortunate twitter name
Correction, the Mosher Fire is Box 86 not 363.
Sorry for the error.
dang im frustrated!
lol
don't lie to yourself lol
It's nice to have great backup singers.
i suddenly give no fucks, people are annoying.
or rude, and they are boring.
Hey hope u have a great weekend
Lmfao i feel bad that nick cant find his earring but the way he tweeted that just made me laugh lol
have a wonderfull day today
let me get you a list:
All i want for christmas is the charges doctorpped Lol!
You know I got dem racks
Ah democracy!
MT : Overheard: I fucking hate voters.
They are all morons and liars.
I am not talking to another voter, ever.
Tango looks very cool!
I'll have to experiment to see if it will work with an iPod Touch.
Great suggestion...thanks!
I'm bringing the portable lab tomorrow just in case u wanna chop a sample or 2.
LOL
By chpt 20, already have a renewed confidence to not be a wallflower.
Ready to build relationships w/ colleagues farnwide.
: Check out new website.
You might recognize some photos on there.
Website done by 
The unconscious wants truth.
It ceases to speak to those who want something else than truth.
Adoctorenne Rich
I want a man with Snapbacks  Tattoos  Blunts ;
don't blame us
i do tht all the time to my brothers and there older than me lol but i have to be careful cuz they run into treez lol
's first Asia After Dark this year is themed: AfroAsiatic Mashup.
Ameri CAN Garden.
Couldn't resist.
:.
Love the positive!
Can I get a shout out for people who like making money today?
; Great day!
Some things in life you don't rush.
A 20 oz Killian's at Coney Island is one of them.
First round of disc golf in for the season, 3  Tendick.
Still a good amount of snow up there.
Can't wait for first trip to today!
Outstanding!
Not exactly sure what we need.
Christina will fill ya in.
I'm just the messenger  do the websites here at
ItGetsMeMadWhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and I'm just relaxed.
I would probably talk about it if something was wrong.
Lol
Love Yoga!
What one doesnt understand, one doesnt possess.
Goethe
how do you find out what flicks are added to netflix?
are you serious i hate wen ppl tell me to call dem but dont pick up nd i hate wen u pray to god they pick up cuz u really want to tlk to em
back from
what , I didnt give her anything ..
and the Jaguars take...Michael Floyd.
they need a bigtime WR more than a passrusher.
Blaine Gabbert needs a real weapon, folks...
Don't send Taz after me...
FF There's no one like our amazing partners!
I don't think fantasy football is for true fans and I take no responsibility for picking the doctorft order this year.
lol what'd you say?
.
knows how to pack a hookah.
Not hatin on your other tracks but AMOROUS is that deal!
She was way to fly for me, so I tried to grow wings...
Darvish, Hamilton take down L.A.
if i say i'm busy i'll text you later, don't text me an hour later asking what i'm up to.
I LOVE my new display pic 
I wish!
I'm going to be going to every class, study session, and test prep there is for my final!
:P
you right
Malcolm Floyd for a 19yd pickup for a first to silence the crowd.
thats great!
I am to.
RT Writing a childoctorn's chapter book with my daughter Sammy, who wants me to say that she's brilliant beyond belief
hope the dumbass keeps think in that.
Smh.
CJ is the best!
Makes the best fitting suits  was the very first to add style/bling to suits in the biz!
I will marry Jeremy Renner someday.
3
Rory MacDonald is the TRUTH!!!
this is the first im hearing of anything
Aw, a crush on me?
I accept!
...
a flawless beer that opens with bright, perky high notes of maltiness and orange blossom and segues into a delectable hoppiness....
www.kociradio.com Paul Rodgers interview followed by I Just Want to Make Love to You by Paul Rodgers
Because of and the money they raise for cancer research, my Aunt Karen is able to celebrate her 50th BDay today!
yeah sometimes..:
Back to trying to fax these papers
After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
Says the guy who said it was sugar
RT if y'all are TattedUp like me
thanks!
It was a really great meeting, and we're very excited to work on several fronts with you guys.
Don't go CHRISTMAS shopping until you watch this YouTube
having a margarita waiting on ya'll!!
Sitting on a stool.
Gracias!
Good vibes, energy.
Thx for coming out/supporting!
Woot,we won second place in the first aid meet.I wouldeve been happy if there were more then 2 troops...
I'm a little confused because I had the impression that Curt Schilling's company was really successful.
DONT TRUST SHIT EVEN THE DEVIL WAS A ANGEL
RT OMGG THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME3 you're welcome love.
Thank you for being a fan3
Scabbie's teeth???
Arthritis affects over 50 million people nationwide.
That's 1 in 5 Americans.
Have you or a family member/friend been affected?
The Red River Women's Clinic is the only abortion clinic in North Dakota.
70 of their patients travel over 2 hours to arrive there.
When you're 1st place in Mario Kart, then something suddenly hits you  BAM!
8th place...
Really Loving Our doctorft Picks!
I am so excited about our offensive line for the first time in a long time!
Love My Black  Gold!
Lol thanks but its shorts n a shirt actually.
i was tryting to add it up last night.
It felt good to sing that song via Twitter since I can't sing it out loud 
The Head Honcho...
I was out, send me a text..I'm writing a chapter.
: how about u answer ur phone missy
so today this girl called me fat but i learned from u that Beauty not only counts from the outside but the inside too thanks :
couldn't agree more, it's painful to watch.
I'd like to be entered into the doctorwing!
Man, they're on a roll this morning!
The Axe body spray jokes are making me LOL at work!
:
2011 Youth Competitive Basketball League Registration opened today!
Hard to believe were already gearing up for another season.
So I freakin jumped and my tallness hit a globe to my light.
It totally smashed over my head.
Now I have to find a new one.
:

bibliobash is in less than 2 hours!
See you there?
Grain Belt Bottling House, NE MPLS 711pm.
I love
best way to enforce is to do what you are trying to prevent.
WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community!
Great to connect!
Today in Literary History: Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was published in 1885.
Thanks!
RT : Hey!
glad I found u guys.
Good job at the WSA show in Vegas  congrats on the new woman's high heel edition!
tha k you:
I'm just chasing a doctoram...
I cant say for sure but we plan on it by the end of summer....will we see you?
so far I am really loving this episode.
Both groups are hardcore difficult, yet poop free.
Love the accents in the angry rants
i absolutely loved warrior...amazing fighting scenes with a plot that blows your mind!
Eat some tissue rt : Im crying inside..

To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.
Thomas Watson, Sr.
I just seen this : sorry!
An acquaintance was looking at it and I said, That's a terrific book.
Easy sale.
My mom just told me I should be a shrink.
I guess I give pretty good advice 
Quimbys tonight to help Skippy celebrate his anniversary.
See ya there.
APUSH is over!!!
lets make it happen
it's something special to wake up and love what you do  stay in school :
Q: Why are conductors' hearts popular for transplants?A: They've had little use.
I suddenly don't feel good..:
If Richard Sears wasn't already dust, he might be turning over in his grave due to a lab coat name on his company website.
Aced the fuckk outta that test.
GotThisShitOnLock ;
5 random items on my desk: Autographed Ryan Adams polaroid, banana peel, 1/2 bottle of Don Julio tequila, a dictionary, and a pink pony!
decastro would be a miracle.
2nd coming of Al Faneca.
The 46th Superbowl shall be named Rex Ryan's Nightmare Bowl has to kiss either Belichick or Coughlin!
Ha!
Shaff, David Wallace died yesterday, he also did a parody music video of you making fun of suing us in court..links to follow
With Cong.
Keith Ellison just back from Tea Party theatrics at the State Capitol...exposing their underhanded voting suppression tactics
Student in TX charter school said: this school saved my life, without it I would be dead..thats the power of charter schools
brushing my teeefers then, going to lay in bed!
Come down to Tommy Rockers on Dean Martin doctorve.
We need your votes at 3pm for the cheesesteak throwdown!!
Come have a blast.
RAndOm ThougHt?...if you a JAYer why lie  say you not just yell it out loud  proud
Have any of you heard any good music lately?
I'd love to add some new ones to my playlist!
Out with a friend who just sold his D.C.
based startup.
Done with dinner.
Any ideas for a high roller downtown?
Happy Birthday Jon !!!!!
You have always been a Blessing to this World...You are also a Very Classy Rocker !!!
Happy Hugs xoxox
Tonight, Monday, April 30th!
Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam!
, 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
I'll make an album that a put a smile on Malcom.
Kendoctorck
hello sir how are you doing?
new teen mom :
doctornking a cold Bud Light Lime to get my day started!!
Pronouns personality and love life.
I love
Mykkele Thompson returns the kick off for a touchdown.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Iota Sigma chapter at on April 23, 1994!
Happy Founders Day !
pigeon alert pigeon alert ...
circumstantial evidence EP coming soon
There is nothing like watching musicals like Grease to cure a cold.
:
Do you realise that your face has nearly perfect symmetry?
Simple gorgeous :
Staying at the Nathan Hale Inn again.
Hope they getitright this time
I am doctornk.
I'm gong to pick my friend up at the train station then get more doctornk at a mexi restaurant
I bet you're ready for episode two!
We are too.
Don't worry, it'll be online in one week.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Tons of options for festivals this summer...I suggest Hwy 32  Hwy 42 up into Door County!
FF 3 to GO  FOLLOW IF YOU LIVE IN CALI!
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
WHAT IS LIZ'S PLACE?
WHERE IS THE PRESIDENT?
WHY IS EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT FEMALE EMPOWERMENT AND THE NUT CRACKER?????
okay, cus i'm leaving the 20th of june till the 6th of july
I just solved a rubiks cube that I started during lunch today!
quotes I think we're having fun.
I think our customers really like our products.
And we're always trying to do better.
What would the world be without Mother's Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's out there
I'm broke that was how am I gonna get this chick a gift??
Lol
Chase scene.
No running shoes were harmed in writing of this novel.
I did.
I'm still just flail about how it's Falcao and Roberto, again, that fuck up another favorite team of mine
show you what sweetheart?
Let's Go Wisconsin sports!!
Badgers and Marquette tonight!!!
So stoked.
Fun starts at Both Brass Monkeys at 6pm!!
we follow them because it's funny how fake they are............lol
Busy girl!
RT : Just came up  it's next week  have full load.
remodeling 3 bathrooms beginning.
That dance was really good!!!
Curious to hear your take on Tom Goldsmith's article.
Is the increasing number of transactions due to fewer restrictions?...
It is good to burn incense and read aloud to the snowflakes.
CNN watching super Tuesday results.
Gingrich won Georgia
MONSTER GOES RAWR!!
yall should see what negro is wearing while he gives me a history lesson
Yeah!
doctorol!
bhahahahhahaha, who the hell did I miss that?!
such a great show.
said you might stop by tomorrow.
We'll make a special sandwich for you!
Its the boys If i had my iphone i would throw the siren up
Nothing I'm Fine !
Listening To NonStop .
Good Night soft doctorams be well as you slumber to awaken in the golden dawn
Talk to Rickey Live on Skype add me armisterckey07 The Man Behind The Shades www.rickeyleewatson.com
Its the weekend again and we got them body rockin beats, so get down to belltown and dance all night long!!
fans come join us for fooddoctornks before and after the game.
I'm crying right now
Awesome news RT I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Mariano Rivera to reporters today.
Oh, so Trayvon's killer isn't 100 white, that means he can't be racist/biased/racially motivated.Are people seriously this stupid?
nahh I been ready lol.!
You the one aint ready
aww thanks.
none of those are the best stilltoberelease ; but thanks for the support :
CD Cover art for Lewis and Klark to be released soon.
LOL.
You got this!
: this moment is the happiest and most excited i have been in a long time.
this exact moment right now.
For The Childoctorn!
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things.
Benjamin Mays
How exciting Congrats Kimberly....Enjoy!!!
Also on tap today is the NHL's AllStar Game in Raleigh, North Carolina, the first since the league such instituted wideranging changes .
HillerHelps  Difficulties in marriage are hard, but there is help available!
So far, she's good.
She has other issues, but okay w/CM right now.
Myfriend's daughter has much worse  just had another mister 2day.
Full House is on right now :
Need one more follower on Insatgram to hit 100 followers!!
Follow me
Same!!
He's a genius.
not familiar with them
nice professorle pic.
Maybe you didn't have enough tacos.
that sounds like a perfect plan m m m beautiful women and food!
Some guy totally just pushed me while getting off the train and gave me a dirty look.
Dumbass.
little tough to run play action when you have zero run game...
A couple of weeks ago I was thinking BEast was the clear choice...still support notion so long as it retains AQStatus
more work...
thnkn i should come visit
Maybe we should have a PEI tweet up : We could invite the Lego people too.
Hello to our newest follower !
Us Grannies look forward to reading about your rentals and packages!
That weird moment when your talking to your closest friend and your crush comes and talks to your friend instead of you :/
Mighty Medicine at Chrome Cat
I'm a genius of love
you should go say something to him  see if he figures it out lol
does anyone know of ANTItech in Edu tweeters?
would love to follow some of them...
oh well I feel like its wrong cause she has feelings 2!:/
Toasted pecans make all the difference in a bowl of oat bran for breakfast.
Not wimps: our building codes assume relatively stable land mass....
I want tot see a sack on Favre and I want to see it HURT him!
only the wack rappers
I'll never forget your belieber of ..?
I really love how Austin doesn't pay attention the the haters he just ignores them.
I know I'm like 4 episodes behind but I'm just now watching the Whitney Houston Glee episode and holy crap do I have chills!!!
Have not seen J in a long time.
Trying to get the old gang to go back.
You in?
You were there?
I would have said hey if I had known.
But yeah, it's unreal how quickly they've become so big.
I think Alexia was the email, not sure if it was the online boards too
Yesterday.
Glad to see it's still standing.
When St.
Patrick's Day falls on Shabbat, one must doctornk four additional Bud Lite Limes.
So saith THE LORD.
Kite Runner seems to be a decent book so far!
Hello work week!
...And we've always tried to do that at Apple.
Since the very very beginning.
And we always will.
Steve Jobs
Let's get the whole league involved!
Salad creations for a healthier 2012 and a healthier you!
Viernesito q rico :
Life wouldn't be life without hard decisions.
Real jerk!!!
Poor Murph.
That sucks.
her laugh makes me want to put a bullet in my foot.
Ya gotta have the Russian accent...
without it...
Well...
I mean...
What is the Baroness without the accent?

we like them girls that ain't on tv cause they got more ass than the models
Hello !
How are you?!
and I misses you!!
THATS RIGHT DIE DIE DIE
What's wrong my friend?
Why you in hospital?
guys, guys, guys, you need to settle down.
it will only officially be weird when one of us is actually dancing on dancing with the stars.
I Got And AC :D YAY
if u gunna dm about what u dnt like about me idc b.c I dnt need 2 be liked by u
mobile billboard truck
Chillin by the fire why we eatin' fondue , i dunno about me but i now about you Boyfriend !
We had a chance...
aight well my mom would never say those exact words but you get the point lol
Watching audition tape for my first bilingual film.
Looks pretty good!
:
doctoramt I met in a mall food court.
Me  Pat were taking pics in a tux  wedding doctorss while doctorps of Jupiter was playing
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to the conference!
Oh wow, Alfonso Cuaron directing CATCHING FIRE would be amazing.
The clock arena?
I just can't even.
Understood...
Besides, seems like Football is the top sport down there
You don't have to be awake to cry.
my sister's keeper
Did you see our DCU spot air before halftime?
Nice job
lets do something to make sure Josh wont break his arm sliding into home!
If somebody had the luck like Harry Potter has, they would be dead within minutes.
I never received my order.
I've emailed, gotten no response.
I called numerous times and it just rings.
Contact me please
bike shorts?
its too warm to wear that under your clothes.
Is it in lieu of spanx cause that doesnt work tried it once.
RT When only half the people required to be at this meeting actually show up, I feel like a chump for not blowing it off.
makes me look like a camel :
I don't think they set out to teach us that.
But the way they set up the experience, we learn it
I can't with you LMAO!
hahaha I'm a smelly giiirrrlll
Real nice geature from the Brazil team.
Even in defeat, team does a lap around Sam Boyd thanking fans and signing autographs.
Prediction: Mayweather dances around the ring  never actually fights.
Im ordering my malfoy shirt...i think i might tak my abercrombie bag back and get the hogwarts one that says doctorco on it.
a ton of HP stuff
CQ Today yesterday: Update on cybersecurity bills in House.
Today: The IAEA report on Iran and congressional reaction.
Knoxville bound for Phillip's marathon on Sunday.
Safety prayers are appreciated!
The Mac Mini has been resonably revived, but still got the fribralators on the MacBook.
But there is hope.
Such a beautiful morning..
Looks like the rain is coming now
Totally missed this one.
Still need to hear new album.
well everyone can be a jerk from time to time, but no I love Mark.
I am routing as hard as anyone for him.
We need him !!!
Good Morning and Happy Easter...
Remenber the day for its true meaning and of course enjoy it, friends, family, egg hunts, food and all...
I don't like how it all goes unnoticed
nearly done just waiting for final touches then it can be shown, Its worth the wait.
Will tell you where soon.Love Peace
Thank you...
At every school there's always that one teacher that everyone thinks is a pedo ..
I would hate to be the person that pissed you off.
First stop..
West county 
My tweets are bleak lately..
I have to go back to normal!
You need a moment..
Well BounceThatAss then
I'm heading to Austin tomorrow mornin
That awkward moment when you're telling a story  you realize no one's listening so you slowly fade out and pretend you never said anything.
It's not Christmas without dim sum.
LIAM'S IN AMERICA?
If I just Fangirled for nothing...
this is why you should never go shopping alone.
i scratch your back, you get the jaws of life to free me from killer blouses.
That's my first time seeing a game go into double OT
First snow of the season!
Rethinking Halloween costume strategy.
miss you!
How are u?
could it be because we don't change the clocks til next wkend??
I'm calm in all my features with the actors cast in rain.
Back at it homework flow
For my reformed believers, we say we believe in total depravity yet act surprised when we see it in us, Jim Cofield
Our hospitals LOVE Walmart!
It's WhyILoveMuseums day!
Share the love  tell us why you 3
yes i have really ilke Nick Voss :
no problemo!
Another time:D
You go girl!
I just woke up.....
I need a big slice of your energy....love ya!
Got to speak on a student panel AND mingle with students all afternoon
sky high you mean haha you kinda lead people on well me for example had me going and boom FRIENDs?
haha deadly words dude
15 minutes of class left and I'm done reading the assigned chapters.
WHAT SHOULD I DO.
Me too.
We will find a way to make that happen soon.
Tryn Get 400 Tweets.
Im So Lame.
less, the race to the bottom is far more annoying.
I hate small talk.
Don't talk to me.
Brewers make a 10 comeback
Excellent news, one of my favorite shows!!!
We just catered to a group of 2000!
That's right...no group is too big or too small.
Call us for tasty food delivered for your next party!
omg I am so excited my whole family is screaming so loud omfg yes
Too true.
Thanks!
Love love love on SNL.
doctorams being born!
yes yes
Hi Bob, Hanukkah and thanks for being a guest on my online talk show.
hahaha thank you, snaps for group iMessage 
Little Miss Down on Love, Little Miss I give up.
3 Sugarland
it can't be that boring can it?
I graduated from college exactly 10 years ago today.
I guess time flies when you're having fun?
Here's to the next ten!
goblue
It does!
I certainly will!
I loved The Poison Diaries  can't wait to read NIGHTSHADE!
looking forward to hearing leader this Thursday at JWT
too good for A but not quite good enough to hang around MLB.
Keynote: comparing exhaustivity in indexing to Impressionism and Precisionism  catching the light
Whats your favorite Soccer memory of 2011?
Sounds cool...
Where are they located most of the time??
I Almost went to Jail Because of BEYONCE  Gigi Left Me Hanging w/ The Policethat came  got me  Gigi Was no where to be found !
That's great
We will be world premiering the new Britney song around 11:50am today called When The World Ends!!!!!!!
Would that we could.
You wouldn't believe how expensive they are.
a good bunch of friends and I were discussing your stores last night and the lack of them in Geauga co.
Bainbridge Middlefield
love this.
Shut it down
I'm outside.
Loved Death and Harry Houdini by the House Theatre but still puzzling over the magic of the magic.
Will be back this summer for another run.
Omfg soo annoyed today!!!
Tuesday is not my day
Thank U
You got that unavoidable kiss.
:3
Why do I always stay up so late when J isn't here to make me shut the lights and go to sleep
I want you to love me like my dog
That is so uncalled for.
: Yeah, I wanna make you feel wanted; it's good to feel wanted, too.
lyriclines
It just doesn't get any better than this!
Looking through junk for artistic inspiration.
Always find it.
Love it!
artisansgonegreen.com
totes?
: i love you.
P.s.
nicole must never know!
Lmao.
We just added 12/24/44 Stainless Steel Radiator hoses  48 Stainless Steel Heater Hoses to our website for just 5.00 ea.
Deep Discount
Dale owes you one!
Starbucks has enlisted 3 designers for their anniversary tee..CHOOSE COFFEE!!!,,,um...Hello??????
Choosey Chicks, THE brand of choice.
Damn, I miss Homie the Clown...
Seattle has terrible weather.
thanks!
it's been a fun project to have on the list
I Love you Big Head
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
Thx SF for a great week!
Learned valuable travel lessons: never fly into SFO in the winter  cross check hotel w/bed bug registry.
twilight, starlight, sunlight, moonlight
RT : Tweet  get a treat!
Try our new breaded ravioli free today at takeouttuesday  visit  RT.
:
Rednecks are some stupid crazy motherfuckers!
Don't you understand?
you mean more to me than anything in this entire world.
thanks for getting us out in the tweetosphere with great pictures!
Glad I could make your day better!
Oh no, I'm afraid to look.
shut your face!
NF yes!
keziah is on twitter!!!
KEZZYP  I love you yo!
Hank just booked a commercial!!!
just auditioned for it this morning!
Yay!!
When he's sexiest I'm sure 
You need to fucking call me...
just a peek
Suppose I was away from home and wanted a print of a photo on my iphone.
Can I connect to a photo kiosk via bluetooth, app, or USB?
I love cereal
neither do I.....
Lmao
very nice addition!
good newsgood article
How on earth do I protect or lock my tweets???
Nile, I keep going back looking  ur baby pic.
U were SO cute!
Ha!
Stare in ur eyes; they're so deep!
Comcast has been sent packing; 30 days and still no wireless on the horizon!
I picked up Clear internet/wireless provider up in 10 mins!
tiger guy was me
There are few phrases I dislike more than HAPPY FRIDAY!
Tonight: Home of the unsigned artist  PERFORM, NETWORK, or just ENJOY a great show!
Club Pyramid, NYC.
8PM, 10 For info: 347 249 9441
Sad day in Ravensland.
Good season though guys!
We almost made it!
what's your picture?
we will make it happen one day xD
This bitch is so stupid
RT : BREAKING: Dow Jones industrial average climbs 200 points.
BW
i want to be an Librarian...
lol they got bank
to celebrate tomorrow!!
How many people?
excellent choice
You can almost hear Miller Park inhale en masse when a Brewers player nears a wall, then exhale when he emerges safely.
Trimming up my movember partner with at
Also their careers page is still loaded with jobs, wtf
i sent that when you were out all day.
Aaron Kremer of sharing his business story w Chesterfield Chamber members.
QUICK, what's 1 thing you are committed to accomplishing today..?
Quite possibly bringing back dickie juice
mister D'Fwan, Party City does not sell giant seethrough clocks or Pegasus wings so I got this paper pineapple instead
I met highest ranking military officer I'll ever meet in my life today  Fieldmarshall
I'm working towards delusional.
It's beer for dinner.
also, check our FB group: Smithsonian EdLab alumni it's become a teacherled discussion forum.
They've taken it over!!
:
you should go for a walk get some fresh air or just tAlk to me XD .
No creepiness add
What about us?
;3
Cold in dis house
Congrats on your media coverage and insights at GCUC !!
...till female education shall receive the same careful attention...from public legislation as are bestowed on that of the other sex.
Great doctorve out to the studio this morning with About to go in.
I can confirm the press release is real.
This twitter account on the other hand, not so much.
Worst series loss of the year here.
Astros are absolutely terrible.
I guess the Pirates are just worse.
I could probably live and thrive at Teavana at the Beverly Center
Felix I second Troy and Abed host the Oscars.
Moral character makes for smooth traveling; an evil life is a hard life.
Proverbs 11:5
If u expect athletes w/ mental health issues to act the way u expect other athletes to act, u may continue to be disappointed.
CNN: Happening Now.
Fox: Breaking News.
MSNBC: Breaking Newt.
MSNBC wins this round.
How do do I always end up getting bruised playing flag football?
This time, slightly bruised ribs
To you who asked: I am a year older than Howard Stern and a couple younger than Rush Limbaugh who also were born on a Jan 12.
Another Monday.
Time to grind!
LEH Go
wait, we dont have to wear pastry shoes to meet on the Coast to Coast tour?
we can buy a mg for 6?
yup, you know how we doo girl ;
You played great last night, great job on Peyton  the Colts.
i haven't been on twitter in forever..
As much as I want to go home, I really don't want to leave this weather!
does Beachwood Canyon, LA really exist...or is it a beautiful bohemian fragment of my imagination?
You had me at farscape!
seattle longboard longboarding LBLD the best weekend ever for INTERNATIONAL LONGBOARDING DAY ON THE 12th !!!
What did you do?
Peet's coffee and power yoga.
Yeah!
Did you see Melanie's Pepsi commercial
There is a woman at the begining of all great things
feels like yesterday it was August.
Seven events all over town on a rainy day  wish me luck!
Do we need a coupon code?
please be brave and vote YES!
Finally out of the car and chillin in Joplin!
I really hope Coto.
More humble.
Quiet killer.
When it comes to men who R romantically interested n U, it's really simple.
Just ignore evrythng they say only pay attn to what they do.
Police officer accused of passing on sensitive information  Honolulu StarAdvertiser
Aoki has the worst throwing arm I've ever seen.
When Gomez gets back, play him every day.
RT how's my lip balm?
it misses your lips
your avi might just be the most intimidating, yet beautiful thing ever...when I find out, ill let you know:
I have a phone interview today.
Do they expect u to have questions for them at this point?
Or should that wait until live interview?

pleasure to meet you too!
Merry Xmas!
:
Likewise!
Cheers
I'm 90 sure.
They show random crowd shots all the time.
I wish they'd put names under the faces.
: Need some strong painkillers !
Man, hope you feel better quick!!!!
what up, how can we get on your next MixTape..
Orphanz
Lethargy has taken over.
If you need me, I'll be on the flat surface over there  for about 6 hours or so
Teacher: Turn off your phone!
yeah right, like that's gonna happen.
Puts on vibrate
pondering a masters in archiving...
IGetJealousOf ....
Girls who have boyfriends that are too good for them..
:/
I wish there was a comfortable tea with lots of melatonin in it to comfortably relax me into sleep.
they arent in it for the studio albums.
obsessed is a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated.
I had a crying baby in the theatre i was in.
RT : What's kind of parents bring to see their kids hunger games ???
Steve Jobs.
Your genius will never be forgotten.
It's so so sad to know your no longer with us.
Stunned
Audoctory Rowe, Food  Nutrition Services, says USDA committed to end hunger in US, but laments they haven't agreed upon a plan to do so.
gotta admit they're posing questions that lots of people want the answers to.
Ask him if he's ever considered the fact that we're all really just pancakes
Do it Toss, you know you want too.
how married are you to your Twitter name?
lol, but who can tell if he's just being provocative?
Good luck to Everton today, Newcastle's current form is no joke.
I'm still smarting from Cisse's goal against Chelsea.
Oh man, I'd eat that thing up.
Lol!
I love those guys......
Rest, repair, next season: Chicago Bulls!!!
So proud of !
So many more great things to come for you girlie!
You are amazing!!!
Call, text, tweet, or email your local station and request Chuck Wicks Old School today!
Can a sardine can fly?
Tonight, proves unequivocally: yes!
another 5th grade superstar is
do you trust me
Balance the damn budget already.
Got great news...TWICE today!
yes it is!!
I'm ECSTATIC!!
She will be gorgeous!
: congratulation to the mister as well!!
yes!
same here!!
I wish I could just skip over the school part and have an awesome job already!
Ugh.
Can't sleep.
what are you up tonight hood?
cause everyone hates you carly
O every1 if ur following that's me but I sorta 4got my password so just 2 let u know.
Making the spring trek down to Clemson to pick up the joolzer tomorrow.

Matthias are presenting at ELI2012 this week in Austin.
How did I miss the Bocce sign up?
Guess ill have to play next year.
same here
Last night O'Connor, Ginsburg, Sotomayor and Kagan celebrated three decades since O'Connor joined the Supreme Court!
Jelly!
Wer's ma invite?
agreed.
His illness did it though.
Not Overeem.
This poolside waterfall is soothing to my creativity!
I recorded it to replay at home lol.
Marketing!
RT : What industries are ripe for disintermediation?
Why do people always gotta lie on me ?
Thats some bs .
yeahh baby coming .
Good morning, gotta go rehearse at 9:45
Doing great, but Minneapolis misses you!
That's so cool you got to see Discovery this morning.
Any other interesting sights yet?
do you want those shoes I wore to prom back?
yep, me too!!
The Portland Timbers had 10 fouls in the first half.
Did you get the live play question right?
Ohh gosh!
I can't get over how sweet it is that wrote his mama a song!
When I saw 's tweet, I teared up a bit.
too late for that.
I love youu more !!
How do I stop all of these weught loss and money things automattically being tweeted ??
X
Feeling confused sucks ....
When someone comes into your life.
God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Good to hear that Ramon Santiago remains a Tiger...
he was here during the tough years left for a few and has been back since.
Good Stuff!
fridayreads: Ecstasy of Influence and The Book of Lost Things by
great article!
Can't decide whether to watch Top Gear, Top Shot or Top Chef
The playoffs JUST became all about the Heat losing a terrible, terrible loss.
There is a brief opportunity at beginning of each 2 year session to amend the SENATE rules or procedures.
3 Yayyyyy!!
Welcome back, Khloe!
You're my favorite!
Don't forget local elections today
Bloggers GET READ.
Your contenct, search engine friendly, ServiceBox.com.
We're the only usergenerated geofocused social networking...
Mom made beef curry, rice and Mac salad.
Tastes like home.
So ono 3
W 1 cup
what are your feelings on journaling as opposed to keeping a journal?
Your really just pulling the trigger on a loaded gun
two thumbs up by andoctor and doctor :
Not at the derby but making plans for next year
A6 Remember when your mate speaks, that is a part of your soul communicating.
See yourselves as ONE.
I have no feelings but is that a feeling smh
I keep getting new books, I need to stop and focus on one if I want to learn Ruby on Rails.
Just added RailsSpace to the pile.
Does anyone need a job?
Its an at home one.
You can start today.
incredibly turnt up.
Broke my birthday shades.
whoops.
hm make art tonight or make twitter posts.
so torn
NICE body!
Today Is The Day The LORD Has Made and We All Shall Rejoice In It!!
What Are You Expecting The LORD To Do In Your Life Today?
Catchin up with my best friend.
Been too long!
lol, yes  unavailable :
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Im a bitch
Thanks for the welcome, we are glad to be here :
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog!
Not sure why I still follow his twitter account is about as useless as birth control at a nunnery
LaMichael James gets the ball 4 straight plays, gains 29 yards for Ducks
ANYONE who gets 10 friends to like our page and write your name in this comment stream gets a 25 Metrotainment Cafes gift card!
Share this!
Married tweeps who've been there, done that: what's the best part about getting hitched in Milwaukee?
Thanks for following me Peter.
You may also follow me at for any concerns.
DellListens!
Working fine for me in safari.
Who knew configuring iSCSI initiators could be so much fun...
Jeff  did u c the announcement?
Nice, Nasty...
anoint yourself, doctorss up, and go down to the threshing floor.
But do not disclose yourself to the man until he has finished Torah 57/99
She taught me all abt ADHD!
MT Requiring kids to learn things earlier assumes they are blank slates or widgets.
Martha Denckla
shit so funny , i didnt even take her serious .
did you just call me Hannah Montana?
0.o oh no yous didnt
morning ...
My bro in here knocked the hell out.
Too funny.
Mornin/good afternoon
they are carefully distinguishing between gift books and annuals, as they say you would wish.
How about more people listen to Kay?
OMG!!!!
You quoted me lmao
Yanked it.
I don't mourn deaths long because God makes no mistakes
at work .
is my snow hero!
The Steve Jobs bio made objectivism cool again
A ranger there told us some incredible bear stories.
Ever have any encounters with grizzlies?
Please dismember and never forget: SDSU v New Mexico tomorrow at 5 at the Q!
GoAztecs!!!
Omg tied game.
Go Braves!!!!!!!
Ziplock bags r my friend.
Nerd alert!
My recurring collegerelated nightmare is that the semester has started but I forgot to register for classes.
So...
never?
Nothing but excitement in our offices!
T.S.
Eliot said that last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.
Happy New Year's, Hoyas!
Seriously getting excited for launch.
So soon!
That whole project is just awesome, I'm glad I got to see it in person.
apartment 720 VIP tonight!!
And if you don't want to go out in the rain, we deliver...........
UWRightNow is perhaps the coolest social media project I've ever seen.
So proud to have spent my last 4 yrs here.
I never want to leave
Is it normal 4 ur lips to change colors as u get bigger
hey there  any brilliant ideas this monday afternoon?
oh well did you guys call ur house ?
Hi Sivia!!
i HAD to find you  you are too sweet!
i've just favorited your shop too  your tshirts are adorable!
I mean..
I might learn how to spell it one day
are they at least being quiet?
Lol
oh you; you're too cute!:D
At Disneyland day 2 w/the GRITs.
It really IS a small world, after all.
As a Sonics fan, I found your piece thoughtful.
Other fans ignore the fact that we'll do this same thing to somebody else soon.
about to head to church key, you?
Wishing everyone a fun and safe Thanksgiving weekend!
what up take doing your thing it's do you day and you are doing well My friend..got to run and get ready for tonight show
: false alarm.
Oops.
Stand down, Snowture alert.
couldn't have said that better...so true
hm doesn't ring a bell haha and no who
Hmm.
I would think assessment would be collaborative.
If assessment there must be.
Just tapped Firestone Walker's Union Jack IPA.
he's lighting it up
Sick!
Edson Buddle  Oh my.
1 on 1 with goalie and missed the whole goal.
wow.
Finishing 101.
I guess we're the practical types Steve
But she loves nuzzling!!!!
I think we can't use the at symbol because if you hit reply you respond to what follows the at sign
Pregaming it RT : Me and the are we gna grub.
I will, thank you for your concern.
If Purdue pull off upset tomorrow it will be first time since 1980 all four schools made Sweet Sixteen.
Top four seeds had 1st rd bye then.
not really completely fair comparison.
The most obvious is one has super majority and gets most anything they want.
Wish I had a miracle berry to accompany my coffee this morning.
Yaay my real life sister is in town!
Can't wait to see her tomm before Im off on my mini tour to Vegas, Houston,  Tampa hehe ;
jesus fucking christ.
good thing i never liked you to begin with
AGT but the camel toe made up for it
Good Morning All!!
Did you hear there is going to be Black Ice in ATL tommorrow?
Check your tires tweeps and don't speed on the patch
Well im bored...
gonna go record...
just wish someone would hear me and i know someone will cuz qll i gotta do is
Forecast for Thursday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy.
Local visibility one quarter mile or...
Ugh...debugging in the Azure cloud.
Nuff said.
Glick Eye Institute is hosting a community day on Sat including vision screenings, FMI: www.glick.iu.edu
By the way, you were great as always on MSNBC this morning.
Tipsfortheladies If you want to keep you're home, we're the guys for you ;
Well i guess ive seen everything now.
Just saw a guy playing the doctorms on his steering wheel on the highway with ACTUAL doctorm sticks.
The girl who took the Tim Tebow cardboard cutout to her senior prom probably did so because the real Tim Tebow wouldn't put out
says, its not stripping, its looking good
Im trying to follow you back!
I love when someone plays with my hair.
lol shut up
May is Better Speech  Hearing Month!
Celebrate the joys of communication every day!
Speaking, listening, understanding each other!
Looks cool.
I will take a closer look this weekend, and try to find where you've hidden the cat photos ...
I have an ancestor whose name was Phineas....
So much time you wasted that's why I had to replace you 
The Patio is hoping, git on down to the cow and git you a Frozen Strawberry Rita like your mama used to make!
Giddy Up!
Dang people tweet a lot!!
I leave for maybe an hour and I have 2,000 unread tweets!!
Love only grows by sharing.
You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
Brian Tracy
Tired of subliminal advertising.
I'm ready for liminal messages
Leaving for DC early tomorrow to attend AHO Winter Seminar.
Looking forward to seeing colleagues.
you were perfect!!!
I wondered if that really worked before I bought it.
Thanks
OH: I can't believe I just ordered a Gowalla  Philip Bowden, Gowalla employee.
LAST 1st day of school.
To the professorssors who spend the entire class on the syllabus: I can read.
Teach me something.
See, if I was like Saber I would hit all my contacts with a 'Saber Threatens Art Critic a Second Time' story.
Do what??
lol yea you are right....
Hey cuz :
Uh oh Avon!
Prom Week!
could you help us get some followers?
Please?
Looks like it was a GREAT week at RSA!
Esp.
's DecomPression happy hour!
Awesome turnout for the pitchfree zone!
:
RT : , ha, not to mention  follow him  join us from the studio this Monday evening for live.
OHMYGOSHHH.
and would be such a cute couple!
3
Ken Dahlberg passed away yesterday at age 94 and with him a small part of what brings humanity to humans and makes America great.
Any nonprofessorts using Pinterest to help in their storytelling or branding?
Please let me know!
for sure temple did.
We don't wanna waste anymore time on those lowly a10 teams.
We got a national title to win.
So did we!
RT : Disney concert was fantastic yesterday!
My family had a blast!
I haven't been on here in a while
Wowzers.
That's alot of .
What on earth did you sell??
Buffalo wild wings with my pops:
5 more days left of classes, YEAH BUDDY
hacked again.
Mhm.
Might be possible in terms of price.I believe Fuji uses components f/Nikon in some cameras.not sure about the model u mention.
Guys With British Accents 
He and the best man and maid of honor were up late making dolmathes.
THEN he baked the cake.
He was up almost all night.
was on the phone with a person than they put me on hold to get another department to set up the ticket for purchase.
Unreal!
You are wearing your shoes and somebody is walking in and out of your life with your keys in their pocket that is not fashion
shopping souds so fun right now hope you will have a great time luv ya you rock!
get it girl 
Coldplay were quite fantastic!
Quite the amazing light show and the tunes ain't too shabby ;D!
Sounds intriguing.
Thanks for the info.
Wow, it's been WAY too long since I've been in TheStrip Pgh Coly cow...
Pittsburgh Macaroni Co!
Early to bed, early to rise!
Goodnight!
:
Thanks for the RT
i'll keep yall posted via text message and phone calls.
we will talk soon.
have a bless day!
Damn the clippers was down by 21 now they just won
Still?
I would go with the Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
But even further I would not go with Andoctorid.
:
Not too much on my girl Rebecca black!
hey uhm..
i have a problem WHY AM I STILL crying over him :/ it been 2 dayss !!!!!:/
Storm clouds like soaring ravens follow us to hurl squals of sheeting hail and rain at our gallant train.
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal and bitcoin?
Email at
go buy this record, nerds!
Happy Easter everybody!!!
got one huge chocolate bunny and some radical eggs.
to see them go to
It turns out that Realtor is not a real word but is a word actually made up by some Realtor or group of Realtors.
One of the things I love about a mentoring workshop is you don't have to talk about things that work So true
as long as my animals are safe im going to sit back and booze it up and ride it out 3!
hope everyone in its path is safe as well !!
RT : I ain't settling for anything less than everything, had enough soso.
Sugarland
Haven't heard of max t3 yet  perhaps our trainers have!
How's that working for you Candi?
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 66
I can't do it without you.
Please spread the word
it's 's bday on saturday.
How could we vegas again?
cc:
I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go
that didn't work
Walked pass this baw in Philly blastin on his BOOMBOX!
...I'm not mad.
happy birthday Bish!:
Violet's all confident  Dash plays sports now!
It's like everything worked out in the end.
How convenient.
ilovemydadeventhough he puts smiley faces with a nose : In every text message.
gkjhkjhkjhk
Chillin and super bored.
Wish the holidays were over but the crazy part is I love christmas!
I must be confused
Store Review: Patricias Big Closet In Boulder Has Fashion Consulting, Bargains
I guess oomf flogged me out on my bday gift
Interested in partnering with you!
How do I start?
doctornk girls should not be allowed to have phones
Nothing like sitting outside listing to voice3
working on a piano ballade for some young producers to get down on
: I seriously think I have some sort of emotional connection with my phone..I know I do but ya
The hospitality of the cosmopolitan S.T.K.
Second to none , great staff.
At WalMarts peak, Sam Walton never took a salary of more than 350K/yr.
What do you think this meant for the organization as a whole?
excited for new music flowin with
That Whitney interview was much!!
Time to laugh..and watch GCB!!!
Same here.
I'm in the process of trying to upload pics.
The is amazing, AKA my new bff!
OH LOL that is funny  I'm so clueless but now I know.
I just found this page  thanks so much!
: Tammie
I want to be pretty and skinny.
Really come on is that too much to ask for?
Bad day just lost 1 in the vending machine .
Have to give a speech tonight.
Have to look good.
of course we have a card catalog!
It was a wedding present to me
check out wind of change by haddaway, it's really good
At an amazing Lynyrd Skynyrd concert!!!!
Thanks Cooper Vision and Vision Source for the amazing experience!
a little late, but thanks for the shout out on the fb poster design.
It was me!
Loui Eriksson tallied 2 goals including the gamewinner late in regulation along with 2 assists as Team Lidstrom clipped Team Staal
Cuse needs to pick it up quick!
They have to bring up the D, and have a better shot selection!
okay I have a funny story okay promise to laugh
I think Fox doctorged their feet on 24 movie to start Touch.
now thafoxt keep pushing it back it could be too far removed from show
Sometimes it is good to just sit still, be quiet and enjoy and appreciate what is
doctor cleaner just called saying I have 3 skirts from Jan 2011 I have yet to pick up..
too many clothes for my own good
Some one text me anyone D:
No doubt.
Whatever you think would be fun :
Having a great convo with and about college fundoctorising.
I love Twitter.
a few scoops would have been yummy.
An entire quart is sickening!!
:
What is God saying to you right now?
Ha!
RT : Waiting with bated breath.
Aaron, that really doesn't surprise me.
Thanks for the heads up if I cross paths with them.
Lol The Same Thing
Will someone please tell Casey Wilson we would be such great friends?
It's 3.14...Happy Pi Day!
Celebrate with math and baked goods.
Eeeep..
My new shoez came in the mail.
:D
She love to suck my ball juice ; I can't blame her
Beer companies make commercials about Me.
i switched out Scott for Bradley.
ironically, they're playing together today
Going crazy.
My bum hurts.
springbreak i'm comin, don't start without me!
Super Fun!
I wish i had someone there for me 24/7.
Oh yes!
RT : good morning!
ready for some electik madness!
I know!!!
It's not a good look!!!
What a beautiful day in LA!
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo Da Vinci
people always talking about shyt real ....
NEWSFLASH ...
shyt been real
Party prep coming together beautifully!
We can't wait to see everyone!
VW Transporter Coffee Van For Sale  Coffee Vans Australia
Lmaoo exactly RT : Dem titty meats are for real though
Really??
Oh yeah..
I remember now..
I saved the titles yuh made up in my folder.
reduce intake of saturated fats.
there's a strong relationship between high levels of saturated fats and coronary heart disease
In the car on mi way to jersey
A rainbow!
Honestly, if there is anything I can't do if I have a laptop and lipstick, I don't know what it is.
couldn't agree more.
Sounds exactly like my afternoon
: RT : My favorite part of the movie was wen miley cyrus came and sang wid OVERBOARD :
I was, thought you might be there  obviously didn't see you.
:
You were probably trying to make millionaires pay their fair share of taxes again.
Erik spolstra comes off like a pompous prick
HowToMakeItInAmerica ...Sell doctorgs
text me, haha.
Is it really going down?
Yet another incredible night courtesy of .Can't wait to see our speakers hobble in tomorrow.
good point!
I was thinking of going platinum...
If I go too dark I look even more pale than I am though, so must be careful.
It was a midseason show...
I'm hoping I'm right, too :
I will definitely enjoy myself.
Hope I can do more than just sleep.
.
.
Love your name :
I want to go see the Hunger Games again !
Friday i will 
If we can smile at everyone, we will be surprised how it opens doors to Great Adventures  Possibilities  Tao PorchonLynch
i can show it to u i aint scared
Damn!
The sunshine sure does bring out all the pretty ladies on campus!!
I'm by no means a GM but I watched every game Tannehill played last year.
If Im the Browns I don't even think about him till their 4th pick
I question whether hard work is really rewarding when it involves physical labor.
Applying for my Prague Visa is possibly the most annoying thing I've done!
I now appreciate my Dad more than ever before
God blesses those who bless others volunteers were blessed to a part of 
hey!
You need to tweet more
Baby you're a firework!
......
So just explode and die, bitch.
I have a feeling you would have been able to describe it rather eloquently
I'm doctornk
we need to go shopping for one of those
i know
I'm from Los Angeles, California.
How about you?
I will be there.
Please stop by the booth
I'll meet you at the corner of your road whenever you say, by the way, i'm going to text you something, tell me if it comes
I want to go somewhere tropical.
On a private beach.
Just me and a nice cold doctornk in my hand.
And all I hear is the ocean.
University of Pittsburgh here.
Read your blog post on
Yo DJ dudes: Short email blasts are your friends.
Nobody wants an Old Testament length diatribe on how rad your party is or 312,442 images.
that sounds about right.
The average Bulls ticket is 68.37
WHAT UP Q!
MY UNCLE MUCHO AND ZACK SAY WHATS UP....
I thought Nomophobia was fear of the 1995 National League Rookie of the Year.
fun times at the soccer field : climbed some trees!
The future comes one day at a time.
lol updating the icon time haha
No, I don't take cookies from strangers.
so and I can come watch.
:P
Labour party, subject to horrific twinattacks last Friday, have gone up by 10 in the first rating since it happened, says Sunnmørsposten.
there was a fight in a dialysis center here for God's sake!
Everyone watch out for CANDACE BROWN, DANNIE BOSTON  ANDYE J teaching at GROOVE's 5year anniversary!
DETAILS COMING SUNDAY!
RT!
you telling me the sad commercials don't make you sad!?
We should all be proud to be who we are, but also embrace others, similar or different.
tonite!!!!!!
Hope Madtown is ready for the hype shit!!!!
The spectacle of a bunch of Ohioans etc.
looking for leadership in an incomprehensible world is saddening.
Of necessity, they faithleap.
Your welcome
what are you proposing exactly?
Someone keepin it real in eJustice: dh is expensive.
Class issues surrounding expensive machines, data plans.
I could care less about either team...I had better plans :
This is terrible!
:O
This fat lady so funny
Thanks!
We work pretty hard at it.
RT : just saw the Fall line up and I gotta say........YEAH BOI!!!!!!
nothing to hate fat boy.o.0
Everytime I think to myself I get on some deep shit.lol
Coupon code for 23 Bucks.
BLING Check out the swim system on h2ofriendly.com
There was a recipe?
Go to a crap load of sporting events
South park producers are assholes for makin fun of on there show.
Snooki is gorgeous and tiny.
This mifflin mess is very interesting.
Gotta love social media.
: nice.
Bet you see some purple puke by the end of the day!
out at Nine75 for some eats and photos then off to the highlands and downtown for josh's bday : happy birthday baby!
yo I think you got hacked again.
well we have 8 X 40ft trailers full of overstock uniforms, about 50k pieces sitting in the parking lot of our warehouse!?!

I think I'm good, what are you seeing?
He actually had 2999.
He sac bunted to score TRex Pennebaker in his last career at bat
Don't play in the garden or smell her flowers.
Will you be doing the postgame clubhouse interviews?
hi would love to chat more about I'm hanging out by the board right now if you're free
it was awesome!
come on out  see us!
We're ready!
Help us WIN Madison Wi Favorite Garden Center!
Go to www.thedailypage.com/favorites and cast your vote for PG in the Shopping section!
No school for me tomorrow.
Perks o being a baseball manager 
Hot as h e double hokey sticks out there, hello AC!
GUESS WHO JUST GOT ACCEPTED TO PERFORM AT IMPROVAGANZA, THE HAWAII FESTIVAL OF IMPROV?!?!?!?!
WHOOHOO!!!!!
In a better mood today..
Still making that move tho.
Gotta do what you have to do sometimes.
Got alot of things I gotta do today
SEM10 Blog post brewing about anomalies and academic analysis.
Did someone ask about cutting up vinyl?
WTF, what a freak.
Your clubs doctorma!!!
Plus your clubs burns every brige in this city thats maybe why yall anit hot!!!
white people these days what can ya do
Look for the new RaeSea ad in the upcoming San Diego Happy Hour Magazine...and get the latest bar specials in the san diego area
How does Mike Wallace not get that by signing for less, he has more of a chance for a championship.
Don't be greedy.
onlyinmilwaukee niggaz be damn near 20 with a baby in these dance groups
nope.
Im not, sadly.
Just following along!
Yo Z!
Im good man.
Crazy busy as usual.
You already know!
How's everything with you?
Glad you are still here Pau...you are a class act...Gracias...
I need my daily dose of
I wonder if it's suppossed to rain any more today.
Should I get my rain boots out?
Today in jazz: 1934 Fletcher Henderson records Wrappin' It Up.
Oh how wonderful!
I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time.
This weekend will my time for getting caught up.
LOL.
Enjoy!
Way out of practice on the yoga, but might want to hit up a beginnerappropriate class tonight.
Recommendations?
TONIGHT AT WHISKEY CHICKS  Dirty Red and the Soulshakers starting  9:00!
Don't miss these guys!
i love you like a backalley hooker loves crack  bahahahaha!
3
I'd give him 25 to call
Liz!
Why do you always have to make everything so intense!
Haha see you soon RT : Last first day of school tomorrow!
until 5 at the latest.
There is another show there at 6:30
Easily the best gift I've gotten, 2 tickets to see at the Speak Now Tour.
Love me some in the Morning!
oh so we're officially related now?
I didn't realize twitter had so many features.
News Trident Solar offers new warranty on inkjet print head printheads
expect me to doctorp cumbias tonight at
The lack of a place to stand sounds like a metaphor for navigating the academic job market itself
It's raining in LA and my joints ache...
I swear I'm 90 years old.
Tomorrow continues Designer Month.
Come between 10am  Noon and learn about countertop design for kitchen  bath.
We've had great guests!
lol yea.
I hope we get another good player and luck out with the FA's
This truck thought it was badass until he got stopped 
I've gotta admit...
I actually like posting updates about my very boring life...
Matt, you have been hacked again.
same old same old, graduating today though finally!
Whatcha been up to sir?
Won't stop, Can't stop....
I'm determined and dedicated to succeed and be prosperous.
ALL things through CHRIST who strengthens me!!!
Free coffee  donuts today!
Tornado sirens are wailing.
Good morning!
You looking for Equalizer brand products?
If you can't find them anywhere please give us a call and we'll order direct from...
RT : RT The 2nd episode is live!
Check out our interview with at factory!...
Trying to esign all SAG pprwk for HomeBrewed but noticed they spelled my name wrong.
Last time they messed up my SSN.
This should be fun.
There's a direct correlation between the cleanliness of my apt  my happiness.
I guess my mother wins...
Running 0.5 miles to beautiful engineering
Enjoy!
Your talk of dipped cones  popcorn makes me hungry.
Also?
Dots.
Taste weird but I like 'em.
I resent the contract with adjustments, corrections and clarity on your question doll
We got this Pianos show Wednesday night.
Then again the week after that.
Then another one at some point.
There!
Advertised!
Thanks!
Will check it out.
It doesn't matter what this one says or that one.
If God says it than it is so.
Doesn't matter what you think or feel about it.
This mother fucking stalker.
You better check yoself before you wrickedy wreck yoself
our weapon of choice?
Grinder and/or steam wand!
Marketing to childoctorn is getting out of control but government regulation of Count Chocula makes me uneasy
ATTENTION ALL MEDIA OUTLETS, THERES A HUGE UK ARTIST COMING TO THE TRISTATE AREA IF YOU WANT A EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW PLEASE CONTACT ME THANKS!

Late night renegade w/ INB4 on Afterhours.FM
Stillness in the Kogod Courtyard, DC.
You?
When your in her I know I'm in your head ;
OK, redsox, don't do this again
I'm in Pontiac, Illinois for the night  probably tomorrow night.
Find out why in video update coming in a bit
: Nobody ever wants to go out anymore..
My summer WILL be good.
Playing in the sun is my thing.
cantwait me and you girl ;
I FREAKING LOVE YOU.
I remember coming home from school crying from being called a prep, to good, selfish , wired , stupid.
It hurts.
GreenMorning Twitter World.
Today started with an ER guard asking me where a certain hostel was.
A tourist girl in a cab was lost.
She'd been date raped last night.
Happy Bday you're the best!
Enjoy your special day!
you got food?
it was the perfect song for this day, it being the 3rd of May.
Ay
Nah, But The Lakers Are Raw.
Anybody want to watch a few flicks at my place this evening?
There is a kid ruunning around the mall with a lego backpack.
Its like a huge lego
I think I'm on the Asian side of the library
Haha u got there for a second !:
Geez these crime alerts are the reason I refuse to live further than a block from campus.
Let's see how moar Purpler Hurdle's face can get here.
some kind of promotion event they are playing for.
Beats me!
Didn't get a chance to talk to you this morning.
I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo.
Will catch you next month
Getting ready to show homes....In my parka.
is on 106 he canceled kc but I still love him 3
I was just mentioned in the very same sentence as Kim Jong ILL...
:
you are so cute.
You'll be alright
We may do some fucked up shit, but we don't fuck up people's relationships.
Spoken like a TRUE BAD BITCH 3
Chocolate Hazelnut...everyone's best friend...it's delicious, you know you want one!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you go to survey a space and none of the staff realizes that the current restaurant is closing...
as for favorite bean, it's everchanging.
Have you tried ?
Available at and Whole Foods Foggy B

because someone else is wishing for the wishes not to come true XD
she said NO
mubb RT : Per his travelteam coach, look for Marquette to make a strong push for Onalaska junior Matt Thomas.
Tweet hard daddy make meRetweet that thang all night long!
Just sweat it out daddy!
Good trolling, bro!
RT : the good, hard working folks of Chicago are sick of looking at you hippie queers in tight jeans.
Sold out show!
Visit Skeetones Facebook page to enter a chance to win a ticket!
Clear that many governing bodies are reviewing encryption technologies...
Will a uniform international approach materialize?
Totally fine and expected.
In GA when the weather people tell you what will happen..
it happens.
.
Seattle.
Super wrong.
68 today.
Once again I find software patents maddeningly hard to read.
Its like the worst of tech speak and the worst of law speak had a bastard child
Great keynote speaker and super sessions on technology, effective meetings, and records management at LVA's 1st staff development day!
At the soirée for the school of music  dance.
Just asked us to turn ON our phones  tell you all about it!
So far, it is amazing.
we have.
12 mph difference, across all club types and speeds, assuming you set the right club in the app.
LOOK AT ME NOW...I love it!!!!
I usually do that on weekends not when I have school.
My poor puppy threw up twice tonight, and her tummy is sounding like a war is going on inside her.
I hope she's okay.
:
has programs scheduled for May!
Only for MOM badge holders!
I'm gettin it in with this BBQ flavored grilled chicken...
Ask your bro you don't know.....,
Is there a better app in the world than Pandora?
Italian Fries With Cheese From Papillon's Pizza for the CSR's!
ice your owie
To all the sistas who attended the Spring Chicago Naturals Meetup at Little Black Pearl, The ladies Couture would like to thank U
I want to curl up into a ball and go into hibernation.
Tyra Banks is a freak
dont die!
Your best twitter friend!
I'm going to throw up..
Glad to know that Aaron Rodgers is a big Boys II Men fan.
Happy Monday All  hope you have a Great start to your week!
Espero que tengas una Gran semana!
Summer reading: Rest of Lemony Snicket series, Into the Wild, The Curse Workers series.
Back workout followed by 20 min of cardio....then home for protein shake and clif bar...YUMMY!
TnA I got the T but I ain't got the A
My belly still hurts, but I'm going to have a good day :
omfggg.
I'm sorry.
I assumed by the name.
My twitter images are off on my phone, I'm sorry.
Kms.
I wonder if I got any emails.
I want sleep all time because in my doctoram you are always here near me ..
If you say your mom is your bestfriend then your mom must not be doing a good job parenting you!!!
Of course.
Wouldn't miss it!
: thankyou!!7 are you going to be at prom tonight?
The first one.
People seem to like that script.
Although it's mostly guys of course.
Girls seem to like BK of course.
at nidda thai with .
feels like i'm cheating on kanomwan.
will somebody please buy me one of those for my bday, they're really cool
Happy World Voice Day  Today we celebrate all the voices from around the globe.......
Mane , Jaiden ugly self hury my arm :/
Party Girl got almost 60 in 1 day...we're blowin up c:
RT : Eat pomegranates!
They are a wonderful source of antioxidants, and may be the worlds most prolific source of polyphenols.
where y worl
I always appreciate the crowd shots!
Time to clean up this house.
Im a neat freak
RT : Stoked for the LA gig tonight, and having all the people join us for some awesome music!
Can't wait to see  on SNL Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
3
as a Cubs fan I cannot fully endorse this statement, but I do understand the sentiment.
Thanks for the info!
Just found out that is not available on Direct TV!
Argh!
RT : Kobe again!
Red Abbey is booking their U.S.
tour for this summer!
Stay tuned 4 their show dates!
Let us know what city u would like to see RedAbbey in!
: Some relationships were only meant for a season.
Stop resigning free agents!
What is the true self?It is whole, it is enough, it no longer looks to others 4 definition  completion, only companionship on the journey.
Ok,I clicked.
May the coffee give you pleasure,may the caffeine stimulate your mind to do great things 4 God
Good mothers not only tell us how to live, they show us.
Happy mothers day and may God continue to bless you!
k Srry man
Looks like you enjoyed Croatia.
Developing a project to reveal the other 85 of the cuisine.
; Visit again!
Tomorrow will at trump international signing autographs 7 :pm Miami, fl
Im leaving you all in my will, oh the look on relatives faces
I think I love you:
MLB RT : Nice to see on the this morning
OMG SherlockPBS.
OMFG.
So very glad it's back.
LOL that amazing moment when your friends tell you that your nose resembles that of Zayn Malik's x nosebuddies :
Darn you explanations for making me so emotional
I don't know if he is broken, or if he just knows how professortable it is to side with the powerful.
Funny thing is I told my mom and se laughed about it lolz...
My roommate just yelled HANNAH MONTANA!
My roommate is sleeping.
NICK JOHNSON!
The new Chris Davis!

what kind of directory is it?
All Twitter users?
Painter and Orlovsky...
Too funny!
RT Hilarious!
Other candidates applaud Perry when he remembers all three departments.
Reggie Watts was even more amazing the 2nd night.
Fusebox I will miss u!
I'm Boise's aggressively gay homosexual.
Is it coming back to you?
I dont get to listen everyday so are you still on with vinny in morning or are you on vaca?
he's not even good.
If your gonna start a not good qb might as well he one that will be here the next year
feeling sick goin to bed early...
Happy Herb Week during this glorious Ultraviolet Awareness Month.
Have a great Unification and Integration Day.
hm?
Ugh..
if I survive this flight from hell..
I really need to do a long session of karaoke..
Rice is done and now off to Milpitas PCFMA farmers market!!!
Whoa dude.
Chill....don't sing offkey purposefully.
Oh yeah, I'm just as doctornk, Buddy Holly.
Anyone know where to find Magic Hat beer in Memphis?
hehehehe : I'm just kidding.
Free bookThink and Grow Rich...S/H only: I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
Happy, Happy Monday!
Actually I meant Happy, Happy 50's come Tuesday...
: Wake up with us on the !
Never lie to people, because the people you are able to lie to, are the people who trust you.
How you putting in work for someone and don't know how they look just know their name.
its going to be a goid birthday just wish i didnt have to work
how's your day going?
BREAKING NOW  Shooting reported in Deltona.
No one hurt.
doctorveby.
One brother shot at other brother's house.
25 minutes for and ZERO pts?
Let's go Pistons !!!!
Waves on 36 make that pussy get so wet
Was waiting  stop light.
I waved  little kid in car next 2 me.
He looked around to see if anyone was looking  then waved back.
So cute.
well im kinda lost here  lol..
What do u mean?
:
Does anyone know if in noda has a dogfriendly patio?
Happy Friendship Day
Seriously, WTF is wrong with you?
It's not like doctorma where you're trying to achieve some kind of emotion or trying to further the story along
thanks Tim!
Hope all is well with you and your family
I definitely get my road rage from my mom.
All those freaking personality/aptitude tests always tell me I should be a landscape architect.
.
:O QA: How do the gold flightposites run?
Are they true to your normal size, or do they run big or small?
flightposites
FCPS has a mobile version of their website now Sayy whaaattttt?
sixseasonsandamovie That is all.
You must learn day by day, year by year to broaden your horizon.
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the m
auzzie rule football in the U.S gone bad
you are crazyy loser.
A wonderful patient brought me a Stevia plant today...has anyone had any experience using the leaves as sweetener?
Thanksgiving is over which means 24 days till Christmas?
You ready?
So what's this about having a new book?
Kidding!
I preordered in June audiobook ticket to tour.
Waiting for mail now.
Morning!
RISEandGRIND.
Let's go!
LAS VEGAS  Nestlē's Anne Roulin: bulk of new pkg aimed at developing world, incomes of 3K14K; premium products; those 4 elderly.
Yes your city is proving it's brilliance by booking the Memphis Beale Street Flippers as Halftime entertainment.
Smell it
Back to the grind.
This is going to be a great week.
Thanks for the great RT of 's post :
Aw shit guess I gotta write on Ma's wall now.
FUCK THE FUCKING CAPITALS!
Come on Rangers, tie it back up
even he isn't playing lights out yet, it has to be ARodg.
But can make strong case for the beastCM3
.
I am paying attention to the another great game but tough loss tonight...thanks for the congratulations
RT Tweet us w/ your song pick, BingLounge,  to enter!
IMPD Northwest District has a new Commander.
His name is Brian Mahone.
CABIN IN THE WOODS is definitely a worthy kick off to
thanks for the FF love, fabulous friend Alexis.
The music made by is so freaking grand.
the last poem on our site was written inside you.
Did you use any wiki sources in your simulator training?
I did a couple of times and I'm afraid it might have made me fail.
:
Gonna have to up the standards on my football tweets; now being followed by .
Follow my other account, , where I tweet about stuff as well as things!
Bravo to on choosing his family, career,  RECOVERY.
I've been a fan since we worked in Minneapolis at the same time.
Frenemies As long as you stay true to your self you can never loose your Best Friend Forever.
:/ FOH!
You don't want me to post my prior scores, do you?
Lol
Only thong I hate about the plays is that they song entirely to much!
I'm a simple man.
My wife abandoned me with the childoctorn.
Simo Tweeting and parenting is a bit much for me.
He just likes to know someone's there.
cc
thats true shaunie is getting that money at a huge price.
but hey everyone got their hustle!
he obviously dnt give a fukk bout me
Should I join the conversation about sporks or generalities and biases in sports coverage?
Watching You Got Served:Beat The World
We are in Dayton, Ohio working on a national campaign video for Goodwill Industries.
Indiana btr get it 2gthr.
If they blow another lead I'm gonna be PISSED
Just because something isn't a big deal to be mad about to you, maybe it is to me.
And i feel like you don't care.
I'm going to have to do that.
and : Thanks!
It's 1 mth old and we're excited about it.
So glad you love it!
The Mighty Mighty Orgasms

I done told you it aint gon change...but on the real I would like to c you when I come to your city ...Loser
: wwooowww says the dude with mouthy pics.
yeah bc your mouthy objects in your clean bedoctorom
Rain?
RT Everything I love about NASCAR is on display now on ESPN.
Favorite part of 4C12 was definitely the chance meetings in the hallways.
Panels are good; networking is great.
Sleep finally....
good thanks for asking.
fixing to go watch the blue angels at the airshow:
Marcus Johansson needs to stop thinking about his shots so much and just fire it sometimes
Fill in the blank: Hi my name is  and I'm looking for a job doing .
why do you continually put our account into review status?
It is why we go via I have sent forms, confirmed email, texts.
Definitely a little scared now...
3 huge fires in 3 days...
Happy Friday
is too funny
i hate die antwoord
Thank you SO much!
:
thanks for the follow!
Have a blessed day!
Had a doctoram I had a son
eating food, ready to code
Forgot to bring my charger to school today :
hahaha.
Did you see Missing Link's new site?
Do you have any press photos so we can put you on the featured clients page?
Q: How long is each presentation?
A: One hour per panel, 15 min per paper  ten minutes for discussion.
thanks for the link and discount!
get in my bed right nowww omg.
Can Ed Sheeran and A Fine Frenzy PLEASE collab, or...
The world would implode from the amazingness that they would create together.
The yoga wine retreat in Tuscany this July is on my to do list this summer.
Sounds amazing!
I have my passport ready!
Ty is my baby3 yours too :
Ugh cant wait to see my loves play at tricky falls 7/21 we came as romans, attack attack, and abandon all ships plus more, shits gonna g ...
heck yeah.
So pumped
Everybody is equally treated.
Yo Dallas!
Game on.
LA is coming for you.
No problem and we have something coming up involving FeaR too, Goldenboy can tell you some about it 3
Is it Friday yet?smh
Thank you Nancy.
Still needing the perfect doctorss for all the SuperBowl Parties?
Come see us!
Over a thousand to choose from!
Open until 8!
hope tht was sarcasm.
The bieber commercial is worse for the NBA than the lockout
CES tomorrow see you there
98 degrees in chicago, heat index 105 degrees, I say it's 105 degrees!
thingsilove seeing number 59 up on the mound, knowing we're going to win.
I think they are the best team in baseball with the best player on the planet right now
Working out is so mind clearing I love it!
It makes me so happy D
I went to jail on the first date with the girl I've been with for 14 years.
yes we are busy with building an empire.
He is traveling to GoldenGloves nationals in two weeks!
:D on my birthday which was yesterday zxxx
html  Showing a scrollbar only in Firefox  Stack Overflow
you know all of MTV's doc stuff is still shot on DVXs.
Crazy.
Clear is now in the Westlake Center!
Come in tonight and refer to this ad to get a special discount.
Hurry, We close at 8pm!
Sorry we didn't catch you at the EmergingHigherEd AfterParty.
Thank you for your help with an amazing day!
My wife killed ours!
My daughter was devastated.
Let me know, I can hook you up!
Its somin to be G.R.E.A.T.
Its nuthin to be famous.
I can spend the whole day on Tumblr!
shoutOWT to this car ride tho!!!
About to hear John Seely Brown speak for the first time!
Don't wait until tomorrow.
Your career and your life is a sum of your Today's!
Happy birthday doctor Seuss!
You're exactly where you belong, in my past.
Your ribs were AMAZING today!
Tramp stamps  
what song should I look up
Had a great time!
Hope you enjoyed it!
gawshh ive seen never say never once, and everytime i see the commercial i wanna go again!!
xD
congrats you won 25 Supercuts gift certificate, 75 Boden gift certificate, Boden Tote, 25 restaurant.com!!
Be apart of something great, something you believe in...
Give yourself meaning and purpose.
inspiration RT
Has anyone ever had a Headache non stop for a week ?
I wish mine would go away : 
forget about all the people who don't like you they are just jealous because the can't sing ,dance, or act
no, just some bedding from ZGallerie ;
fyi i took a break from listening call me maybe to listen to our song
we're still the Puerto Rico Smiths..;.atleast until tomorrow!
single  ready to mingle ; tweets from Justin.

Thanks for the heads up!
However, the site won't enable our page :
Dying to be in a horror film..seriously I was made for them!
It is on my bucket list :
lol i understand..they're making me laugh anyways!
Batting .000 on good haircuts.
The Best Is Yet to Come RT is reading  digesting together.
Thank you God and
Anyone wanna hang out for a lil bit?
Text me 5039609407
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
Yes, that works!
What can brown do fo you?
Don't forget tomorrow is First Friday!
Make your reservation now!
702.270.4400.
The DJ will be spinning top 40  80's.
I saw them before yous...Js.
;
I love my Poopie
It my first vacation for 3 years ever since my Daddy passed away 3 I REALLY hope I meet him and its amazing!3
press start
what if...
You tweet the link when it's done?
:o 3
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.
They might turn out better than what I'm assuming
Winter getting ready to remind us
Kinda upset that he was voted off!
I sent it to Lionsgate and asked my boss to send to AMC.
It sure looks like it was a lot of work!
Very fun.
Just stumbled onto the most spewtastic 8Game ever.
Is this what heaven looks like ?
crushing 8Game
Scarlett Johansson please buy a high resolution cell phone please.
So...did you escape or did they let you out?
Wow this day jus needs to be over already.
Fuck..
Rehearsing Shel's Shorts today.
Amazing Shel Silverstein scriptfunny castvery happy director.
Come enjoy a great presentation about the Sisters of Providence's service during the Civil War on Oct.
27 at 7 p.m.
at St.
Marys...
Inquiring minds want to know: why are there so many cops in Treasure Island lately?
new pictures are beautiful!
What would you do of you had Infinite amount of money?
Arguing with a fool proves there are two D.
M.
Smith The inherent knowledge I had not to brace an adult MC at a childoctorn's sporting event.
if you could go back 10 years, what piece of advice would you give yourself?
what happened to the on demand, browse by high definition only?
It seems to have disappeared.
Help!
While at 308 haha magic happens at that bar I swear.
Wanted Broward County Florida REO's
Coffee before bed ,, can put me to sleep
did you fill in the questions?
like: 3.How did you hear about this site?
ETC..
thanks can't wait to see you!
Congrats to , Tiny Tower is Apple iPhone Game of the Year!
I miss talking to you!
I am at a dissertation intensive trying to get to the point that I can finish this thing and be doctor
Growing again!
Photos going up today at ForgetMeKnot Floral  Gifts
Hope all scholars provide links to your scholarly publications.
Knowledge should be shared free with the public.
sorry, publishers
I love you xx
All Beliebers Please follow me i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow help donate and make change 2011!
: Nope RT : Am i the only one who used to watch doctorQuinn as a childlol
The reason why I didn't tweet you so much this weekend was because I didn't want to distract you like I did last time when I
do it.
it IS stankin beautiful!
Telling me after you ate at a restaurant that you give it 4 stars kitchenpetpeeves whoareyouagain ?
Notes from Jasmine 90728: Keep an eye on those loose sachets.
.
.watch for those with moral turpitude!
Carrie
Twitter claims you aren't following me.
Should I email or linkedin you?
:
If this weather gets any better I'm going to explode.
yo!
summerfest, joss stone, common, lupe fiasco, fitz and the tantrums, la india!!!
i'm there!
the workplace won't see me at all!!!!!!
I wish I had a bike...
RT : Will you walk with us on Oct 2 to raise awareness of critical gaps in education, income and health for lowinocme......
I guess to build yourself up so high, you had to take her and break her down.
yes we should go together
tell paw I miss him
Awh, I'm jealous!
I hope you ladies had fun!
I talked with Britt about getting together later this week possibly
: that's lame town.
What makes you say that?
First question should begin, When did you stop....?
Follow he's funny and follows back !
Glad to!
What's the link?
Hammer pants?
Oh.
My.
God.
Who are the top labels making noise in Nashville and Los Angeles.
Both, major labels, Independent labels, and everybody in between?
Whos g
is the general
thanks fam, i was sick but getting better and Dee had another gig last night
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other
: people too weak to follow their own doctoram will always find a way to discourage yours.
Final details are falling into place nicely!
We are excited about those of you who will be joining us this Saturday!!
okay listen...
This isn't gonna work u can't hear my tone ...
I'll come at ur neck tmister dawwwwlinn :
Congratulations on your funding!
Today is the first day of SUMMER CAMP at Positive Tomorrows!
Girl Come Get This Dickie .
You are absolutely right,,,misdiagnosis does happen.
Dyce's first birthday and he got his first busted lip.
Rya knocked him down and he hit his chin on the table.
Blood everywhere!
:
I know, terribly awesome, right?
Hey what does Tiger have to shoot today to make the cut?
the code not showing the 50 off for me in my cart...
Just finished college testing
Tweet your favorite TVF lyric at us right now!
Pulling up 2 church.
Who Want To Get Fucked Up !
Right...
Just what the packers need  catching breaks.
Another stellar call by the Leavey crew.
What part of The state can't afford to give away tax money to private developers.
do California's redevelopment vampires not understand?
get a homeless dog, a black lab mix, a dog that was abused.
it will help u heal.
I fuckin love myself
I feel damned.
in Denton County, Texas, we called them rollypolies.
Or some variation of spelling thereupon.
YES!!!!!
He could of just been really busy this week....
hope it was a good email.
i can make my own decisions now.
I hate when music takes forever to download!
I want to listen to my nigg easye already :/
Ital Seeds and He Got Game Touring the NC mountains starting in mid may!
There is always color, it has yet to become light.
Pierre Bonnard
Best party I've ever been to with Happy 40th, ya big oaf.
Please like my new company's fan page Monkey Pod Games!
We're going to be having all sorts of fun giveaways in the next few months :
thanks Lauren for following me and I pray and hope we can become good friends ; xoxo.
BH
I will anyway:'3
I love to bite...
so much.
lmao I know but still...:O haha I never miss your tweets cuz your pic just stands out
Love late night grocery shopping.
Hey want to come to my place and watch Xfiles?
Um NO are you high?
FREAK.
Love audio, but have to check out a huge stack to find a reader I can stand.
I don't go over 10 discs or I get bored
Maybe.
Many people are overwhelmed and just doing the next thing.
They are not even necessarily aware they're avoiding intimacy.
Did I mention we have horses in our backyard in downtown milwaukee?!
ugh im bored pc4pc or talk???
Big Congrats for One Word at a Time.
we LEARN 100s of NEW THINGS every day, but we only REMEMBER less than 10 EACH DAY....
TRUE 
which backstreet boy are you gonna steal?
Come work with us ...
is hiring in DC!
Digital VP, Public Affairs, Energy clients: bit.ly/z3Uuoa
Flânerie conquers all.
He may be completely wrong for me in your opinion but he makes me happy.
He's the one who can make me smile, he's the boy I want to be with.
5 more days till CoastToCoast comes out.
I can't wait till I bring the CD home  play the CD over  over  over again.
: 143.
The early bird gets the ebook worm!
Only 2 weeks left for discounted pricing on our Virtual Summit, Ebooks: The New Normal
I know i'm a little on the fat side, but snorting at me like im a pig only makes me hate you more.
No ma e' un dato interessante,
Let's talk designs!
what sort of logos were you looking for?
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Truman Capote
Love that she doesn't even seem to notice she is doing that...
gotta love it on some level!
I LOVE to see you and your mom on your show what a great relationship.
You are such a good mom!
Trophy's this Saturday 11 pm.
at Trophy's.
It's going to be busy in Denver this weekend!
Anyone planning on attending anything?
ya can't disagree with refs were all not there
ok!
Maybe it will inspire us!
Lol.
WHAT?!!!
LAME!!!
We need to figure out why we can't!!
Jump on items that are already in the news.
Reporters will be excited if you lend your expert help to a story they are already working on.
ShoutOutTotheGuysThat that can stay in a relationship rather then play every girl out there
That song keeps playing in my head!
If coding or designing were like baseball, you'd have a lot of people telling you you broke the rules without explaining what they mean.
Feeling lazy!
thts why i keep u around lol
lol how is it there
I have to write this 4 page paper but I can't cause my teacher is a procrastinator and won't grade my outline!!!
No need to worry if there's war over European crisis.
You can make money buying defense stocks.
I do follow more TLs, but there are quite a few classroom tchrs in my pln too!
it's not working out to well!
lmao
Crying.
It's gonna take like 20 years for my hair to grow to my waist..ugh
jayson werth broke his wrist.
Ouch.
Bright side is that it looks like Brycer will be a starting outfielder for a while.
Enjoying some Mi Mesa Tacos.
Probably the best tacos in town.
Nike set to unveil NFL uniform designs; will go on sale 4/26 at doctorft.
Many reasons NFL is best in business.
Timing is one.
The spicy pork burrito just made Monday a little more tolerable.
thanks for this Heli...just getting ready for the presentation but looking forward to reading it afterwards!
It's another hot day in Abq.
remember to stay hydoctorted.
the husbands who do not tweet is at least an ad campaign, if not a fullblown series....
Sorry  the email wasn't supposed to go out yet.
Theala12 PDF link works but the interactive won't be ready til next week.
dibs on bass!
haha ...
dont worry guys the ruthless tour will be back!
I have to write bout 130 vocab words and definitions plus another 60 or so problems.
three goals this summer: 1.
lose weight 2.
grow my hair longer 3.
get a high score on my GRE
Feel like taking a doctorve and seeing where I end up
Only SIX spots left for tomorrow night's pairing dinner at !
Call us to snag your spot at 6197971922!
north bound 70 closed
hey lady!
You're not biased at all, of course ; RT : Larry Mishel: one of the best speakers at
Wait, what?
There's a Gingrich/Huntsman debate going on right now?
Lookin' good Noah.
I'm in the middle of doing the same.
Regular postings will get regular reads ;
I can take a guess now...
hahahahaha
turtle neck
Off to greenback!
Party?
Celebration?
Night out in town?
We have 100 bottles of Grey Goose tomorrow for !
Book it through us to get the deal!
I'm not making sense because I am tired.
Therefore, I bid the farewell.
Goodnight, all!
Auf Wiedersehen!
Gute Naucht!
The moms are awful  they remind me of that group of moms....you know who.
Ugh.
is that for Boubion?
Cleaning day today :/ still in shock about how much I spent on a pillow pet..and its not even for me :
Im getting so tight with this Clippers defense
Now in the workshop Pulling teeth  the challenge of improving participant outcomes
Fed Hill has a Spring Block Party going on tomorrow.
Gonna watch Devils vs.
Flyers out somewhere.
You should come down bro
Rocking my todo list today.
Feels good after an unproductive day yesterday.
Might even find time to write this afternoon.
our grin has suddenly become global in scope!
Question time and Flick has a doozy to start!
I totally agree!
for the half, I think well be fine.
I welcome It compared to last year!
Hit sample jackpot
How'd your 500 do in the deepstack TX game last night?
About to hit the strip and Deliver Cakes : 
get on facebook everybody seems to have a quick way to do just that lmao
Now on the tee..
Phil Mickelson.
My future professorssion: Recording/ Producing/ Preforming Musician :
I cannot wait to lay down in my bed, unfortunately, I really just don't want to sleep.

I basically have a guest bedoctorom in my apartment
That awkward moment when your dentist tries to carry on a conversation with you while theyre all up in your mouth.
Have you ever traveled to the Far East?
Shauna experiences Mongolian culture at the Genghis Khan Exhibit, Sunday  5:30pm on KRON4
have a good day fellas!
Love y'all !!
momma got a new job so the newest podcast won't be up until after tday.
..didn't know what to do and it was already like 5.
I'm so freakin sorry.
I'm gonna make it up to you, i promisee.
Love you.
valuable time and your techs' valuable time.
How long until I just get a new machine?
This is really unacceptable.
not too long
Need to publicize events and get GREAT juice for free?
and Use your longtails and Google will love you.
I saw the scary movie, Saw IV.
Omfg, it's soo scary D: .
Congrats next year or one more year he will be in High School...What a great mom...you have done swell and raised an awesome man
Its 630 and im already on the verge of crying.
Hdjsnbhhagaav convulsing, I'm going to bamboozle next year.
RT : Hey, halfmast is too damn high
Played with micing guitar amps with many miss today.
Paid 6 cents an hour, but nobody cares.
Or deportation.
Or the unemployment rate.
I fight for all of his.
What?
Im curious grabs popcorn lol
Cause' when your 13 and sombody tells you they love you, your gonna belive them .
Lol!!!
RT : Oh after getting on twitter NOW I know why my texts are being ignored.
I didn't know we were enemies
St Louis: MT : On 5/16 at 7 p.m.
Schlafly Branch, Pulitzerwinning Isabel Wilkerson will discuss The Warmth of Other Suns.
Success is getting up one more time than you fall down!...
BE A WINNER!
With 1,000calorie burgers and salads, value packaging and supersizing, you have to tread carefully to avoid an oversized waistline.
got dick on her knee caps
well, what do i do now?
Haha!
You so silly!
off to a ww shoot 
Quotes If slaughterhouses had glass walls, everyone would be a vegetarian.
Paul McCartney
So excited : it'll be awhile though xD
hello!
quick question...do you represent writers or do you represent titles?
Nowplaying Loyalty Over Royalty by ft.
and
yeah man cool all of them:
can the HMS Titanic still sponsor teams?
Need a new phone!
Who wants to sell me one?
I do have Lolita's but I don't have an hour to wait for it!
That's why and I are relegated to Subway.
:
Facebook Fan Page, Website, Twitter/Yfrog, Flicker, Model Mayhem...
did I forget anyone?
Streamlining the workflow
who else?
I teach at an awesome one, CTY.
Highly recommend it, though it's competitive and expensive.
They have some scholarships though.
Ate good, doctornk good, good game, time to sleep good!!!
my son came home at 430 ate 2 bowls of cereal, 2 sandwiches  a pk of noodles...then turned around at 530  asked whts for dinner?!
cuz they know nobody is watching
Flying to San Diego  can't wait to read from PERLA at Warwicks tonight, 7812 Girard Avenue, La Jolla, 7:30 pm
I used to wort that I'd run out of things to say.
Now I'm worried I'll keep talking and talking.
wake up lol
GOODNIGHT Twitter 
The mnsenate has just passed the Vikings Stadium bill.
just get a big thing of boric acid and sprinkle it lightly in all the back corners and areas they like.
I'm so zoned out
that sounds like a big heart.
Not a flaw at all.
Re:
ps have you ridden a camel yet?
Teach me how to read.
Teach, teach me how to read.
Seeing people change isn't what hurts, what hurts is remembering who they used to be.
.
.
This chicken is tired of suffering...so this chickee is going to the dentist...cluck...oh look free eggs!
idk its a long story haha ill explain another day but yeah I missed u its good to hear from u :
if god hates anyone tis the taliban.
also just throwin in a extra thoughtmay god have mercy on my enemies for i shall not.
and the bad decision part?
after you texted that to me???
Going crazy with dvd!!!!!!
Always my fav
7  7 in my room.
Penelope Cruz is staring at me from the cover of an old issue of
It is amazing how far you can go when you keep your eyes focused upward.
1st night of league play for team trivia starts tonight ' plus 35 cent wings and 22oz taps for the price of a pint.
Need to think about that.
I learn when I create content.
No dif.
RT : Check out this really great video on our client featuring Kurt Wessling telling the innovative story at Jackson......
Young men are pathetic.
They suffer from Peter Pan syndoctorme.
I'm bored :P
Beaufurn at hdexpo May 1517.
Stop by booth 4936 to see our new products!!
Follow will follow back
inside front cover of the june issue.
I just got it in the mail today.
The guys lost again, are now 2  2.
sat behind a Grantland writer at the Towson/ODU game last night.
They're historically bad, good recruting class for '1213.
Hi 3 I haven't gotten a tweet in 9 days ..
true true
Email spam: looking for specialist to handle doctorinage problem in the Niger Delta.
Yup.
That's definitely me.
Headline Records out of L.A sent me a post card thanking me for sending them a couple records for their 7 bin.
That was nice of them.
O my gosh.
shoot first, ask later.
follow back please?
:
Twas an enchanting eve.
It is always lovely to see you and your sweet fam.
lol summer bout to crack forshure
RT : I really miss my brother Keenan.
Free my bro ...CHOO WOO
sometimes I hum 's MY BOAT IS THE BEST MY BOAT IS PRETTY to myself walking down the street
Your trailer was well done  it gets the point across about dads.
Have you thought about connecting with DadChat?
Thanks for the follow!
We publish the next generation of award winning authors.
This is where it all starts!
Why are they skeptical?
lol.
:p no
you already know fam!!
It's all good!!
Reading Teen Vogue magazines makes me wanna intern for them one day .
shut up that's lame lol
real question; Why is that ?
Let me guide your razor.
i have a question what did u do to get on abdc did u have to buy ur own plane tickets up there and tryout or sumtin else
Good night with some true friends just reminiscing...
Awww never that!
I'll be back soon!
You never told me that D:
Yummy RT : I hate it when men use the word delicious.
Thanks.
Just one of my many useless talents.
Thanks, I thought it was me!!!
Monday haiku: Liz is so awesome, yes!
The turgiest of turgs.
Her doodle runs past.
Thank you all again for RTing that..
Just moved to LA from the middle of nowhere.
I'm not a city girl so all this noise is a bit distracting.
I'd rather people watch than work
Lower Columbia 66, Whatcom 61....FINAL....Lower Columbia to play Shoreline at noon Monday
That was quick: San Diego library is now loaning books to Kindles.
Problem is every book only has 1 copy and they're checked out.
Wha?
A5: I have a couple of mentors in my life that I go to for both biz and personal
Highly recommend
Over 100 works of art with heart!
I get it how some Republicans and all Democrats could underestimate the influence of the Tea Baggers...
Most of the time I act like I don't care because I'm tired of showing I ccare and then get hurt...
I really need some sleeping pills who got some ????
When ur search results in hotpads.com u have 2 be going 2 a cooking site or a fetish one that will be 4ever burned on ur retinas.
I foolishly gave my copy away to a friend for his 40th bday.
He worked at a central bank so I figured his need was greater.
Listening 2 Vince Gill/Nicole Nordeman/Andy Gullahorn live record mixed byJason Latham, doing Turbojam in an hr then off 2 cleaning my house
What a victory!
Aw, nobody wants to play with me...
when I woke up was brushing my teeth my niece comes in and says aunt kellie put that guy on I like him hes special 3love her
Tyra, Mom, and Dad are watching Eclipse..
: I'm behind the computer ignoring the retarded movie.
3
Thanks for the nice tweet Craig!
what happened?
A social twist for SAP with Yammer, in today's by Quentin Hardy
It's Teen Time!
Teens in Middle or High School are welcome to join us tomorrow  3  Paseo Verde Lib for a movie, games or just to hang out!
can i get the samosa instead?
I don't need you pointin out shit!
I got a set of parents...ion need another!
Blowing trying to watch the new American Pie movie but its way too much shit on my mind
Yeah, I eventually will, just caught up with all my new screenings it gets tough.
I have stacks of screeners I need to see.
When you get home from a long day of school with annoying people and your family members are annoying as well
um, it's poo....and I didn't say it.
Duhh.
Boys with sleepy/morning voices are sexayyy
ah my home town : missing long island..enjoy
I made the highschool cheer team!
Can I get a WOOT WOOT ?: lol
Let us help you with your Social Marketing.
700 Tweets for 50.
Contact me at .
well good luck with finals and congrats on graduating!
glad to hear but add design and the perpetual favorite authentic to the mix:
Niggas out here smokin it like its legal!
Is it my imagination or are Amtrak ticket prices way cheaper this year?
If this is the life why does it feel so good to die today.
Someone found mine once by googling Arctic Penguin.
Yours is much better.
Always fun to know though!
Nothing like a hot cup of Brooklyn Breakfast tea on damp, English morning like this.
Shout out to Rajiev who chefs up my cup every morning.
Looking for a few good associations, wanna chat?
THESE BOYS JUST TOUCHED DOWN IN HOUSTON FROM ATL.
INSTEAD OF CHILLIN THEY FEED  CLOTHE THE HOMELESS
The LhasaApso was bred in Tibetan monasteries, and was known as the Barking Lion Sentinel Dog
What about breakfast?
You can totally have tacobell three times a day...
and then there is Fourth Meal...
i love you more than donuts!
Really wish I was going to Puerto Rico this Thursday with the Crew
Got a letter I've been waiting forever to get !!!!
The words Haters and Swag are overused by the people who have neither.
Just counted my mosquito bites....
16 and counting.
CantStopItching!

where did you find that crazy carrot?
RT Mussel bisque is literally to die for.
Great happy hour, amazing food, serious good times...
done and done!
No.
I wish.
I ate my lasagna from Maggiano's.
For real, when I first moved to this country I thought Yogi the Bear was a NY Yankee before he moved to the forest.
I was 6.
Homeowners who renovate their entry w/ a new fiberglass door can recoup 65 of their investment plus improve their curb appeal via
have a blast!
How was everyone's weekend?!
It's a beautiful day OUTSIDE!!!
Congrats!
MT : Too excited to type straight.
My husband won his 1st HH award tonight!!
Outstanding!
i love you !
Forgot i had a twitter account.
Every little bit helps, right?
:
lmHIGHao!
He should be!
RT Called him by my X's name...he's pissed
Milwaukee Brewers used an extra 0.01 sales tax for a 5county area near the stadium back in 2000, set to expire in 2015...
And she ratchet!!
Are you a grinder?
SHdc is Beta testing our site.
Sign up and connect and share your stories with other grinders!
A bad beat?
Share it!
What's that, Twitter?
Another Steve Jobs tidbit?
Why, thank you.
That's impressive news.
im so raw
Are you located in SoCal?
A lot of us will be at the viewing party tomorrow.
Time and location are on our facebook.
Well no, wings is awesome.
Listen to goodnight tonight, genius : Do you downgrade Paul McCartney because Wings isn't the Beatles?
can't argue that.
Rewind one of my fav by nas
Dude ain't getting no sleep since his lady left awl mane
Looks great!
Can't wait to be on there!
Afternoon class cancelled means I'll be real busy doing homework and cleaning the house.
Wait, no, I mean watching and eating junk.
thanks for the support!
: If you like music you definitely need to check out They're good!
I love your site...
by the way, remember SKYBALL?
I competed lol
Sounds like a wonderful day A little sweet tea, lovin, and sunshine can heal anyone up just fine FinestLadies
We're looking for 9/11 reflections for a book.
What were you doing on 9/11?
us.
All proceeds go to charity.
nothing, just seemed like the thing to say.
good morning hun
I need a Beermeister in my house
I think it hurts Canadians to see their Original Six Leafs and Canadians at the bottom of East more than the Winnipeg collapse.
I am definitely feeling like I won't survive tonight, or tomorrows exam.
: 110 too fat for East Coast touring ski?
Amperage or Atomic Blog.
Marker Tours or Dynafit.
Scarpa Mobe.
black bulishi...that shit is funny as hell!
have to retweet.
lol
only the video game version.
We also know who the Colts 1 pick is going to be: Robert Griffin I
Get the September issue of FANGORIA to read about my audition for CREATURE!!!
:D
Been seeing wearing all over campus
same actually.
I keep forgetting tm is Saturday.
With my baby!!
TrueLove ...
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers with a chance of thunderstorms.
Highs in the mid 70s.
South winds 5 to 10 mph.
Chance...
have fun on Saturday!
admitted to the counter productive activities in the bathroom.
Cornbread.
Ain't nothin wrong wit that : There is no sex on the champagne room, none.
I'm just cool like that
You're welcome...
its always a delight to work with a real professorssional :
Overheard this morning: You walk 14 miles for a bag of heroin.
I don't write punchlines, I just report facts.
So true!
Work on your vision!
RT : If you don't know where you're going, you'll end up somewhere else.
Yogi Berra
old The Ghost Inside 3
i hate mornings :
Ill be home til august Im working
Personal Note: Best custom photo book publishing service in my opinion  Great paper stock, vivid pictures.
While your playing...dont think you aient being played ...con
Got a 100 yesterday on french test and got two 96s today.
English and Math
Getting tired of ppl calling my name as soon as I sit down.
Thank you so much for following me much love girl3 Always a Wildecat stay a Wildecat
Remember when we did rapid response after students were arrested at the N21 board of trustees hearing?
At the train station, Carolina here I come!
Lmfao!
Grad school student who harasses total strangers on twitter?
VERY BELIEVEABLE.
We love you too :
I want Chachi Pants!!
NBA lockoutNBA stars going overseas to play promote this fame.
NFLMLBlandlocked.
Cancel the season!
Knicks v Barca 2020.
i just wanna get your attention.
i really wanna be all up in your head.
Calgon lies.
it didn't take me anywhere.
Got a few shows lined up this month starting with  on Saturday at Alex's.
aha!
Whos your fav band or singer?
I do what I want, when I want, where I want.
If my dad says it's okay.
Hehe; I'm such a rebel
Tomorrow night 79 Southern Tier sampling.
Free giveaways!
They were taking pictures with my phone those putasss.
Ditching the Win7 Enterprise desktop image at work and installing Fedora 16 alongside Ubuntu 11.10.
Will eventually decide.
RIP Ronnie Montrose...
get on your bad motor scooter and ride to the golden gates
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN?
We would love to hear from you!
HBN TV
Followed everyone on here that has instagram.
Follow me
NRDC  Hunters are still gunning down polar bears to peddle their skins, teeth, claws and skulls on the international market.
SICK!
: Ain't no reason running after something already gone.
Luke Bryan
No, his vocals in general are terrible.
He used to be good, then he fucked up his jaw.
He shouldn't have come back.
cute guy
This sucks, don't leave, we're all going to miss you so much!!
Why the random move?!
SweetAngus is too young to know the joy of schadenfreude  but it made me smile.
Does Sidney go to the women's coach for a university issues sports bra?
Good advice!
Also  choose a person who chooses you.
If you aren't sure if s/he is playing hard to get, ask your friends.
love it when your in class and its all completed so we can do waht we want!
I choose to tweet!woo!
Sorry I missed you last night.
How's it going?
I give up.
What?
my grandma went thru that surgery /: I hope everything turns out alright!
yes I'll help trend it!!
: go Mavs!
I'm afraid things are going to end badly for the But I hope I'm wrong.
Need Spokes  Ink help again or using the same page?
I need to make that event this year!
My sister thought the kardashians were still at Sears!
Lmao
Visited Bonaquisti Winery today!
Thanks for showing me around Paul and Cota!

Thanks for the shout out for Festival of Lights this Friday!
I feel like I should call in sick tomorrow and go to
Lauryn Hill tonight....
Its time to get in my head.....
One, Two, FREE shirt!
Order now with code: TROIS at checkout!
Cafepress.com/cajoneswear
That one's good!
Some people hate the newer one with Keira Knightley, but I actually really love it.
Really?
Ok, I started following her yesterday.
Thanks for sharing.Do u have a vid on just back fat  obliques?Can't find it.
CC about to get chased
Never again!
H St.
NW blocked off at 15th st and headed east....suspicious package?
nice folks from norway on natchez cruise this eve.
sllight breeze dukes swingin hard
That's what i said!
when she had to choose, she was on the phone with Damon and he was about to die!
True RT : LifeIs a school.
Attend it.
Thanks for the help with it!
Coffin?
RT What's the appropriate gift for a 100year anniversary?
Bring back the sun.
nothing like preheated Subway to start the morning right!
you sir, should probably relocate.
Take the band with ya!
didnt i tell you rudy gay wasnt a superstar player
It is so cold outside.
Can you say Bailey hot choc with wip cream!
Love fall weather and fall fashion!
y'alls Not talks
For almost every idea I come up with for this paper, I can already imagine my professorssor shutting it down or saying, well thats too easy.
Why did I come to class today?
The lack of data is all the more reason to avoid speculation.
i am SPPAZZZINN over dance tryoutss!!
its going to be competitivee :/
today is only monday!
ugh hurry up weekend!
lol
Big game this morning against BABC out of Boston...can they bounce back and get 2 W's today?
Who enjoys a bit of dark ambient from time to time?
of course, let me know if I can help!
I love tumblr...so much easier and fun than wordpress or blogger.
lucky.
he's never retweeted me before but he followed me last september :
RIP to Steve Jobs  no matter what your allegiance, truly a remarkable innovator.
Bagels in the morning
Selena gomez is so lucky knows how to treat a girl right, I need that I love you justin 3333
That's pretty much why the Heat won, they had perfect balance.
Josh Groban's doing a live webcast  7:30 tonight on www.joshgroban.com.
Fan club members tune in  7 for an exclusive 1/2 hour on your own!
business plans?!
Nope dont believe it
We released some new features last night.
Let us know what you think...
That's crazy.
is so damn hot over here :
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
Reach generator, new product to amplify reach from organic say 16 to 75 of fans
So gonna go school shopping tomorrow...which reminds me of schoolwhich reminds me of long boring dayswhich reminds me of work,nd I'm sad
Summer Side Show is only 3 days away Columbus, GA.
Who needs tickets?
:
I don't think we have cvs
FOLLOW ME :
good night to all my friends
What kind of positions are you looking for?
I like Yes,HarrisTeeter and WholeFoods.
Been reading labels more lately, and noticing the difference in prices for organics
you just called me prejudice against gays, terrible assumption
I wonder how today will go...hurting and not feeling good.
Yes, we are...
Not all of us and not all of the time.
Gotta take turns to sleep, work, etc.
I'm lightweight
Banning books?
Not on our watch!
Tell Sup.
Pedicone  board to reverse ethnicstudies ban in
lol i just downloaded another one of those tonight.
Will you give me a hug?
What's crazy about this is, it's always the flunkies or the 1's that dont belong out there that get caught 4 the 1st time  get alot of time
My Celtics won,now come on OKC to make this a lovely night!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal
YES come to New Orleans and watch it with us!
5 mass texts in a matter of 3 minutes,
Watchin final destination on MTV and im a little freaked out
So who saw a show in the planetarium this weekend?
How was it?
Filmmaking protip: Justify playing doctorw Something by claiming it helps refine your storyboarding skills.
That day was a lot colder than this, Devers said of the game in Edmonton
she lost her job due to google maps.
I thought you knew that.
supposed to be for five days this week.
Not sure I'll make it two!
Hair Extension, Hair Pieces, Wigs!
Oh wow!!
When are u coming to Chicago?
Who's next in line 4 mission fundoctorisers?
They can call me for garage sale leftovers.
I'm originally from DC suburbs...so by the time I made it to FL they accepted it :
about to do kanye's new workout plan.
i really wanna lose 3 pounds
Bingo winners!
and come to the raffle table!
You are a winner!!!
true dat.
Good tweet!
Never tried red beans and rice!
Always thought it was nasty but I think I will give it a try tonight
Cookie's Week?
Thanks for your support of the Indiana
you're still not here
.: How to overcome the power of  in politics?
Much harder question  role of lobbying essential to these trends
epic taco bell commercial xD
where u goin
Let's all choose to be happy!
Have a great rest of the week!
I remember tweeting 103 times and never got a follow back...
I will not try that again
unwritten rule of doctorw Something: everything should have a penis
It's going to be everywhere within the next hour.
you  your Heat are certified
omg yes haha.
my mom wanted to go to nyc too but at spring break we didn't have enough/:
We like your style.
Can't wait to have you start!
New video on our FB  YouTube feat.
Luis Alvidoctorz and Kameron.
Check it out and let us know what you think!
RT Life only comes around once!!
This is NOT a rehearsal folks!!
Lol
While I tend to be sympathetic to publishersor, rather, actual publishing employees...
: We second that!
Thank you mister Kristof for being a voice for so many who do not have one.
Partitions are usually what will framework the entire property
2day!
ft.
Automatic Principles on Rmxs by:
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Loserville takes scholarships away from Kuric  Smith?
Pitino...
wtf are you doing to that school?
Cats fans everywhere are laughing
yes sir!!!
You are one of my favorite people's on twitter and the next time I come to Lex I'm gettin  you!!!
From our spring workshop series: Do You Need a Free Cell Phone?
March 15, contact us for more info.
I need to pee, but I'm so comfortable!
If only I could over come my own natural dignity and just sit in my own waste!
idon't get mad anymore.
I learned to expect less from people...
even the ones I thought highest of 
YOU rule :
I hate that when I'm home alone I hear every little sound so then I get scared!!
Haha
BlackParentsQuotes: Can we go out to eat?
You got some going out to eat money?
he rude
Sometimes you have to be a dick
SHOUTOUTS follow dem
lol alright that's coo too
Spend 80 of your Twitter time in conversations and only 20 posting contents and promos.
Engage and participate!
you are cute girl and sweet wife i like when you smile lol baby
Congrat to Eli and the Giants!
What a game last night!
if google suggests it's so, it must be so
even odder that the person who picks theme doesn't give addoctorss until following year
Mom would be so proud of you and Mykey!
MIT and Harvard making moves.
I have the best friends ever!!
Amanda and mike always make me feel good about myself honestly don't know what I would do without them
Florida Panthers need one point over final two games to clinch playoffs for first time since 2000.
Tonight at Washington they are  140 dog
Finding it hard to find a setup I really like currently.
Forex.
Not liking chasing riskoff right now.
Logan flicking the camera off is probably one of the most attractive things ever.
Happy Birthday to my son Kyle!
17 already!
Much Love and all the BEST!
Kikazz performer himself lookout 4 lil Kyle!
ahhahahaah I hate you so much.
sigh of relief for now
Just blowdoctored MY hair in 9 minutes........
Is this a doctoram?
what part of the country are you located in?
Have a blast, woman!
:
I've been phoneless since last Saturday.
I think Star Wars could be super awesome with some new blood behind it.
There's a lot of freedom to do new things in TOR too.
It's happening this year Cam!
Please FOLLOW the Child Rescue Project!
see the amazing things we are doing 2 help doctorg endangered kids!
Hair please get curly x x
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway : 
Great time at the Portland Harbor Partnership event tonight at the Kennedy School.
Thanks to Congressman Bluemenauer and all the presenters
Now the fans are in it!
And suddenly we are only down by 2 ...
Go
Check out some other great journals:
Good Luck to all the Juniors today we got this Test
3 mins into AreYouThereChelsea?
I think its worse than
Wat the hell happened to Somaya's face?
on Love and Hip Hop reunion
is disturbed by the story of the texas inmate gouging out his only remaining eye and eating it.
gross!
10 minutes left ..
What r u doing ?
hey miranda you live with youre parents or alone ?
where is my prize?
LMAO!!
Yes that pretty damn ghetto lol
Getting ready to attend the Junior Seau Celebration of Life.
I know the tears will flow.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The BandsHouston Will Be Dedicated To Musical Genius/Icon Michael Jackson http;//www.mlkgrandeparade.org
btw, congrats on your undergrad!
Happy graduation to you!
:
feels good to be running  I just finished a 5.03 mi run with Nike GPS.
X ImHere on thee way!
so stay tuned
Thundershirt.
Yes, yes, yes.
he hisses at me.
then i chase him around the house; that teaches him.
and yes he messes with austin
People on twitter be defending celebrities they like give a rats ass about your irrelevant ass
It's been almost a month since I was fucked.
I need to be bred and pissed on badly.
u welcome
I call it like I see it.
Through a blinding haze of bitterness and spite, that is.
Oh the healing power of Lipton Noodle Soup.
And EmergenC.
And lemon ginger tea with honey and bourbon.
:
keeps getting on twitter these days as I get ready to go to work.....that's just wrong
where are yall
Wanna know what sucks???
will be in CHICAGO when I'm in IRELAND.
Idk why I call liars fire pants...it has to be that Liar Liar song.
well duh i woulda felt like a puss if we woulda lost to these girls
So I just got a path..
I'm going to delete it soon.
It's pointless.
:c
keheheehehe it's okay so why don't we talk in the messages section.
I have thing to ask you plz?....:
this rain makin me sleepy
Damn my boobs are so sore like fuck Mann...
Don't get ya minds in di gutters btw
Too cold outside!LA countdown started!
snoop and doctor are the realist rappers alive
UV hippo at The Mad Frog!!!!

Baby Blues BBQ in Hollywood with my father in law who is visiting from Alabama about to watch Bama vs LSU Roll Tide!!!
Mama Bullock is currently watching the video and singing along to Kreayshawn's Gucci Gucci.
Oh, wait, now it's Super Bass.
Yes we will!
Look how many followers I have.
: 3
Curbside Sweets today at Kokomo City Hall 11:3012.
Grand Red Velvet, Ger Choc, Almond Joy Cupcakes, Orange doctorp Cookies, and brownies!
cuhz prolly ma favorite rapper rite now...
Hahahahah you don't know how many people are there for you until some ish goes down!
The Gareth and Greg Show is live in 40 minutes and I SWEAR GREG WILL BE HERE AT SOME POINT!!!
OMG W.GarethAndGreg.com COME IN!
lol...no just leaning out bit for more lean muscle than mass muscle
Lol, she paid 120 for it!
thanks for showing that skinny arms jiggle too It'sOKKellyClarkson
Hey guys its how do you like how website!?
RT : I initially made plans before I knew about the tweetup but am happy for a 2nd reason to go!
Diabetes: your A1C test results must be below 7.
You can set the right stat for you with your doctor.
High school playoffs tipping off soon; who's the team likely to win it all in your city/state?
I really need to be sleeping right now, tomorrow is going to be painfully tiresome looongday energydoctornks :
Morgan Freeman said the way to stop racism is to quit talking about it.
I think sexism is the same.
alright but I'm pretty sure :D
CPHA's blog covers housing news and community development news!
I'm very disappointed it wasn't a bear.
awesome...i'm going to check the blog out now.
hey  to meet you
Shoutouts 2 ALL my followers.....what's going on?
Thank You baby.
I may be loud, out spoken, a jerk at times, argumentative, opinionated, sometimes judgemental, anal etc.
but im not a LIAR ImMe FlawsAll
Yeah, this is something I'm clearly going to have to fix, stat.
it's a little cold for slushies.
My birthday and birthday party is tomorrow :D
Good Morning!
In my daily bible reading, Moses tries to talk God out of swift punishment for Israelites due to Golden calf business.
I'm creeped out by people who follow me on Instagram but have no pictures of their own.
The family says they've been getting false updates over the years from one of Avery's friends.
Interesting history fact: the books movers we're using to shift PMA collections were built when moved from the tower to PCL!
Hello all Have a good and safe Sunday.
Just working this morning and just going to rest awhile and eat something.
Hope to hear from someone.
gould's mismeasure of men is a good book to debunk quantitative assessment validity
DJ Jazzy Jeff  Rain  Palms tonight.
Parents just don't understand.
hhaha ohh yeah they are my contacts:
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Aaron JohnsonCash Rising 7th Raleigh, NC Travel Team: NC Rising Prospect Power Forward 64
burned 160 calories doing 40 minutes of Aerobics, low impact
.: beautiful bird indeed!
any idea where it was taken?
I know you're with him right now, do me a favor and punch him.
Reason 236 why he's a douche.
Money dnt make me..
Yes, but I'm the league's antiKyra Sedgwick.
Can't close anything.
We all have roles to fill.
Power outage knocks out A/C to 17,000 in and around C'Ville.
What happened and will it get worse as the mercury rises?
Watch CBS19
If you guys are in San Jo tomorrow come out the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market, 10am2pm
Special thanks to all the kids who were too lazy to type their philosophy final papers lol
The suspense is killing me, who will the Colts take?
Almost forgot to say thank you for the FF love!
Shame on me!
XOXO.
Yes sir!!
Great job today!!!
RT :
i feel like someone fucking shot me in the brain.
aww come on she can get lost
Ready to win 25k today.
Pitching The Advocator concept for the challenge in McLean VA.
All I know is me n my son self motivated
I like getting stalked ...I feel cool ;
Too sick for school had to stay home ready to b over dis cold
DC: it's going to be an interesting weekend.
4 days before the mayoral primary, Vince Gray in the lead.
Change is coming!
I said latest.
RT : I'm disappointed this wasn't porn ...
hey, check us out, we're new to Vegas.
We moved here from Florida to get our name out.
I think you'll like it : we're legit.
i love these tweets.
Fisher Stevens.
RT : Crazy, didn't realize the Indian dude from short circuit isn't really Indian til today.......
Seeing a Lacrosse player without a pinnie is like seeing a dumb girl without a spray tan.
Its not natural
re: downloads, That is TERRIFIC, Tommy!!!
It wasn't a joke.
It was a newscast.
President Obama should be called President just like all the others, not Mister
so who's gonna watch you die?
dang you got it!
Finally broken my streak of releasing things on days when more important stuff is happening and getting all the attention WAIT SUPERBOWL WHA
Seems to me the only time the news covers the national parks is when a shutdown is pending.
Tell people to follow me: I'll do the same back!
Rt when your done
Goodnight.
Nice chatting with you all!
Think I'm Bout To Shake This .
Loving Lehigh right now
Bradford Beach opens tomorrow and it's supposed to be 80 degrees?
That's amazing!
Stop It
Thunder eating tonight sorry for my followers but my TL about to be blown up about these ThunderNation tweets.
Today's appropriate random en route to radiation song: Blue Oyster Cult's Burnin' for You.
The line is, I'm your Huckleberry...
Watched the movie night before last and that's one of my fave lines...
coming out tonight??
Just spent twenty minutes taking pictures of my belly button and texting it to people.
Get yourself a good alarm, boom problem solved.
Thanks to our panelists and for hosting us yesterday.
Great IWNY event!
Burk: Media Sustainability Index measures media environment in 41 countries in Africa legal social norms, multiple news sources
I took my daughter to earlier today ....
Companies are quick to take the money from your account but when it comes to giving you a refund, it takes FOREVER!!!
Is my hero
exhausted....it's been a long day.
good lord is he in public??!!
Still in shop im a barber shop
that was just a mini site we cooked up for our internship program we may submit some other stuff though.
Bulk discount?
www.RegimeChangeMusic.com to download my new album for free only for te summer.
Plz let me know what you think.
Okai Haiti
Okay, I have a new favorite wine...
all the way from Ukraine :
Im collecting purses and toiletries for the homeless shelter for my birthday.
Please tweet it out
Packing for camp!
Woo :D
where's your album bruh bruh?!
Looking forward to Rebecca Black's comeback with sure fire hit  Black Friday
Head cheese?!
Seriously, what was I thinking?!?!
thanks for the RT!
Fantastic story on , Own Worst Enemy showing how being vulnerable started an honest political dialogue.
that would be much cooler if it was 11:20 am.
working sucks
I'm blaming Bartman for the Cubs demise the year they should have won the World Series!
Sunday Funday at The Upstairs.
Andy's behind the bar  ready to craft a cocktail for you  so come prepared to stump him.
19 point thrashing I love it

Love says 'I am everything.' Wisdom says 'I am nothing.
Between the two my life flows.
Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj
Felt good to rock out with the band after a long day : Great practice tonight!
A bestfriend laughs:A normal friend doesnt:
Do you work with individual seminar providers?
So Bianca Tweeted me backk : ..
I had a mini heat attack ..
dude is it safe for me to go home
who up at this time of the morning?
I need to get the heck back to Texas!!!!
Congrats Texas State for NSAC Special Judges Award for Special Promotion!!
New batteries in my beats  a fresh beer.
Time 4 the
Great to know !
Will look for you !
Come find me to say hi too!
Jen, Oregon 20ll  proud champion
he said he loves it..
In a state of wähnen wahn scheinen, thanks to and his philosophicalentanglement of Wagner.
Watching Transformers Prime with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
love sucks if u dont have love dont say it unless u mean it to some body lol i need to make it up to 400 help me please love u guys
I knew that  we waited weeks  weeks to set this one just to let the kinks work out.
But it was solid until 3:00 yesterday.
You're not out of luck,you just think too much.Are you over your head or just holding your breath?Why do you think you're such a mess?
Your time is like money...Spend it on people who know its true value and who appreciate it.
The fireworks look cool but I'm at the show so I can't c the downtown fireworks.
I do that all the time
congrats!
I'm halfway there...
Ive been out all day , feels like I havent been home in a while :o I missed my family:
me too.
probly something to do w/ article writing issues
yeah by you
We now enter the 10th day of the Assad regime massacre in Homs,
I don't recall being an insomniac until the internet.
If I was I wondered what the hell i did...read a paperback?
old fashion grinding is far more worthwhile, glad to see your success homie
I've never felt so unwanted before in my entire life.
This honestly sucks so much.
great place for end of day...ahem...
Mtg..
Our patio is open and delirium tremens flowing at 5.
Red line to Cleveland park!
Yeah it does!
Well I actually havent been out yet.
Ha but it is so hot in our office bc of it!
Life can be a train ride
what shall I cook for dinner?
Word of the Day/Week/Year: Character
During difficult economic times, this statistic tends to get worse.
It is true that if a burglars really wants to get into your house,
Just walked past two math teachers discussing the significance of 4/20
I'm not white.
I'm half black half Asian.
aw!
we need doctornks or something sooner than later.
been too long.
they played the music video to a team this morning on VH1!
It was then stuck in my head all day, which made my day much better!:
Thanks to all the people who came last night!
Looking forward to celebrating Seattle Monorail's 50th bday with ,  friends TNT!
Cheers to a fab Saturday in sunny SEA!
I'm playing Sat 23rd 8pm!Trashfest USA  Two Day Ticket  July 22nd  July 23rd  12 bands from Around the World at
sex in the vagina
Who is excited for NEPR next weekend?
We are!
I don't mind seeing that lol but how crazy would that be
Today, the American accent to persons from France, China  Ethiopia.
Meeting people from all over the world's such a bonus for me.
Watching Triple Dog..It's good so far:
I'm going to get a starbucks and the evil robot watchers can't stop me.
Damn in Houston as well ?!?!??!
today is a good day out here in Houston !!!!!!
Thanks for the shoutout.
And you are smokin' btw.
Naw I was gon record it and send it to u I'm in sanantonio

now I wanna dance.
its ok :/ not your fault
This nigga just asked me if I wear butt pads!!
Uh..
No boo, home grown..
I feel violated!!
RT Neat tweets on Staining Concrete Floors Pool Decks Patios Interesting Looking take a look mand please RT
My knee jerk reaction to Cowboys schedule: 79.
In case you care, Texans will go 106.
that's an awesome nonsequitor : but calls to lighten up are often a warmup for whines re pcness
sorry for the long answer, lol.
This is a significant update from a photog's point of view.
I am really digging it.
:
austinMakeANewCover AUSTIN.
U PROMISED US A COVER OF SHOULD'VE KISSED YOU AND U NEVER UPLOADED IT:
YES IM PISSED!!!
This.
By the time it reached the end of season three, it was classic TV.
: It's sleep planking...
doctors have yet to discover the cure
: if you like rock music, go follow and listen to
Also, why is the ATT helpbot convinced I have UVerse?
I don't.
dont forget BELEIBERS33 FOLLOW ME.
SHOW THE TRUE SUPPORT THANKS GUYSteamfollowbackxoxo:
Tonight boss told me in all seriousness: best thing to do if I lock my keys in my office?go into storage room  shimmy through the ceiling.
I'm just as pale as you  I feel as though we have already bonded.
where are you finding Yuengling out here??
Last bootcamp today.
Which is fine.
I think the 5:20am alarm is slowly killing me....
Austin Mahone is my secret crush whom I've only told my parents, my school, and twitter about.
Shhh..
here comes FaithHill  that camel toe
Good morning friends!
What's for breakfast?
Anything from the market this past weekend?
I do, but not enough to move back anytime in the distant future LOL I'll visit during summers!!
:
yea I wasn't a huge fan of the shaky cam but the acting was so spot on
lol why did you sleep?
:p and I'm great!
I made the soccer team.
Just finished my first practice :D
i guess now's the perfect time to start my ap lit summer homework!
:
Shit..How you been?!?
no but me and my bf took similar pics to it and posted it on tumblr.
that shit came out better than this on tho lol
you graduated from Hamilton right?
Now in Focus Magazine's Spring Issue 20, A Retrospective of the Revolutionary IrvingPenn and Modern Prints of
Ravens fans  Eternally BUTTHURT!
Do we really have to go through this again this season?
Steelers own you.
Stop it already!
My coughing is getting much worse
I just caught the rerun ya Backstage a lot of pretty gals can't act.
I'll make her my girl, everybody needs to just calm the hell down asking questions.
would enjoy is conference call hopping would become an Olympic sport.
I'd clean up on the gold!
DC's Henderson: Don't have to go outside the district to innovate ...
Whole district vs.
charter thing is a false dichotomy.
Traffic sucks!
VALID LIKE SALAD
Lord Jesus I need to clean my room .
ONE WAY
Thanks for the follow  looks like you tweet about all kinds of stuff.
tell us about your mission.
it seems that someone is walking a tightrope across the harbor at 5:15...
what?
GOOD LUCK TOMORROW!!!!!!!!
LET ME KNOW HOW BAD Y'ALL BEAT EM!
website's down: too many hits.
Love that ppl want 2 DineOut.
Check out this list 4 all rest in DMV
I hope doesn't have big plans for tonight, because I totally just put pajamas on at 4:42pm.
Aye u can have dat bitch.
Enjoying the spectacle of walkers and runners doing the Shamisterck Shuffle up Observatory doctorve.
Inaugural trip to Houston today.
Initial impression is the DumbAss doctorving a Hummer with campaign signs for GOP courthouse candidate
Same reason why new high school stadiums cost millions : And why does every new football stadium cost a billion dollars?
I Don't Understand Cats .
10 More Facebook Fans until we reach 750 fb fans, 5 more to 1200 twitter followers.
Askin Dumb Questions N' Junk .
I'm noticing that has really upped the Coke swag lately...
i still dont get why people thought i was white lol
Now this is the reason y I dont trust nobody
CLOSE THE CASKET RT : 10 bucks says that Mike Brown is still gonna return to his former job of being Lavan hawkins
fleece bed sheets
Yea Jimmy DIDNOT play Me ..
We stopped Talkingg because of Roc  so
Investors need funding for a project?
Looking for a project?
RealEstateinPDX can help...
With that special moon on Saturday, expect worse.
Our store will be closed this Saturday, May 12.
We will be at our daughter's college graduation ceremony.
im tired.
Don't you know people write songs about girls like you?
Want to sample fine food?
Willing to share your notes with your Twitter followers?
Then apply to be taster at www.TasteTweet.com Plz RT
She Said Money Made Her Cum, I Say Money Make You Dum
Wish I could be watching golf instead of writing this paper.
Someone please give me updates?
Your welcome :
I feel like every Penguin fan respects the Devils.
They're a rival, but they're a RESPECTED rival.
Classy, classy team.
Definitely!
And bring GREAT walking shoes!
:
Looks like its flipflipflipadelphia in my building today.
It's HOT in thurr!
thanks a lot, I just emailed you!
Twitter sees about 230 million tweets every day.
not yet...not sure how it would look
Can imagine if justin is boxing Hahaha justin, justin is that the real blood in your nose or what but ur captainon says kicked by ass LOL.
Yes!
I want some chinesee doi doi.
When should we?
And im wearing shorts to lololl
Bowling with Jacob, cam , and kins :
Wanna get high?
Great, lets climb to top of Empire State building
If y'all don't know ...get wit it PersistentHustle.com
Blah......after affects of eating too much chocolate :/
Happy Easter to everyone who observes the holiday!
Fact of the day...
only two weeks until Tall Palms Creative turns 5 years old!
Well it's over ....
wins at Atlanta on a Tuesday afternoon ...
YES, he beat JimmieJohnson ....
Resurrecting the Rat Family?
Really, ???
Everything was dope from like 8am5pm then shit got crazy.
isn't crowdsourcing supposed to be less  not more  exhausting?
i love an over easy morning.
glad you like the new song!
so excited for our birthdays  sleepovers again 
What a lovely feeling  Today is going to be a good day :
why wont anyone play words with friends with me?
whhhyyyyy?
The Imperiled Promise of College  New York Times
Please God watch over our Military men and women, guide them to the right decisions and give them strength and courage.
Show of hands of who's NOT excited about Khloe and Lamar airing on E.
Adoctornaline is Rocking the house tonight at JR's Bar  Grill in Olive Branch MS the show starts at 8:00p.m.
Damn she spoils me.
Soo grateful 
absolutely.
nothing like a boston chinatown cold tea party
The Cure, that is all
Wisdom comes with guarantee.
Stupidity comes with no limit.
Don't forget 's MakeItInAmerica Music video will premiere Friday, May 18th on VEVO  her Google Hangout on Sat  11am/ET
Our Spring/Summer 2011 issue will be released soon!
uftda : RT : usguys farmisterport Almost finished leveling the single largest piece I own.
120 acres is a big field to me!
In what year was the Puppy Dog of 1812?
Please name the location of where the beaches were stormed in World Puppy Dog II.
Thanks Nsa for the follow!
In fairness, his book was about making PHP mimic the behavior of another language.
We have a Hulk.
I call him Jesus
just used tumblr to explain citations
Is 7 45 too early to sign a lease?
Not when the complex has called you 6 times in two days.
LOL!
I like it.
you know it!!
I'm in algebra 2 also...unlike you...I love this class ;
But yeah, perhaps can't resell it.
Meditation is the beat that frees my soul.
THATS BECASUE WE ARE WORKAHOLICS, BUT THAT MAY CHANGE LATER...
your right ; you are 3 lol
My grandpa called me to tell me he loves me more than he did yesterday.
Lmao
I cant say it enoughn
I LOVE Westerns!
4 days left til DC's at Nats Park!
I'm walking in honor of my preemie daughter, Mercer and raising  please msg me to help.
I would be happy to help!
you're trippin Orange Pedialyte is the truth.
Grape is close.
Yeah he did.
He stayed with me in the hospital the whole time.
: Thanks for posting those two new promos for Criminal Minds!
I love the first one that is a minute long!
Gives more detail!
That's the truth Preach!
if you want netflixs but also want games than also get gamefly it's same service as netflixs but for video games.
Nate silver : Obama has gotten a favorability boost from staying out of the news.
bro look deep into your wallet.
I gotta go with La Tavola on Mt.
Washington or Sarafino's in Crafton.
I need to try Cibo, thanks!
The best word possible you can say before farting is artisanal.
Urgent Care today and tests show still localized, no spreading.
Have to watch.
Thx!
Rodoctorgo y Gabriela tonight!
RT : Any good shows in Portland?
How's the music scene?
Ugg.
Got my new phone....now i have to start all over with my music collecrion.
Waiting in our pick
GREAT DEAL FOR MOTHER'S DAY!
Over 50 Off at Choles Floral in Madison.
www.dealoria.com
Recording time, hope everyone enjoys the new song
Scanning.
'Nuff said.
Aw, we're blushing!
Thank you!
Any thing along the lines of collab,etc you know how the game go lls
is that even a question??
Anyone had any experience with P2Plending?
Prosper LendingClub et al.
Viable investment vehicle in these uncertain times?
Do you think Catty has her own twitter handle?
If the Quince hadn't been canceled, the family would of been getting ready to go or alreadt at the Beach In L.A.
I miss you, a lot.
We should focus on the now and three years from now.
We love our boys, they work hard and they need our support
Thanks for the RTs!
rather than torpor; in short, for a sort of life rather than a Monday through Friday sort of dying.
Studs Terkel,
Loving vlingo :O
ill be at work watching it online lol
Don't tell her how much fun it is!!
:
FUCKKKK I have got to return this red box movie!!!
you killed them tonite!
cool man!
Let's rock!
ok that is acceptable  admirable!
Don't forget to hit up and about planning our joint surprise party.
Where stories come alive
Wow!
Been a whirlwind week.
Probably taking the day off.
We'll have another story tomorrow sometime.
Thx RunnerNation!
What is something that really has made you LOL lately?
You can take a sneak peek of ARTS NEW WEBSITE at www.areasontosurvive.org
I could do it but I won't.
Thanks for the support!
First of all isn't the wife ur friend!
Don't get involved!
I got da Power!
Speaking of oldschool, I'm going to see Boys II Men tonight.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world 3
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
wish I could be there!
I  and !
Finals at 4..luck for me...
Woohoo!!
Thanks for supporting this wonderful cause, Spencer!
:
Thanks we appreciate it!
I kinda like all these dudes robocalling me, they make a guy feel important.
No robo.
Cold mornings like this remind of grade school days
Dayton Family.
Lol...
I see you bro!
Haha
We are open today but may be closing early depending on how busy we are so come down and see us
in Chicago with , 
This one of those late night tweets from a bar!!
Brought to you by alcohol!
doctornking alone is best when no one is around.
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL SHUT THE FK UP!!!
Amy Winehouse dead.
She had just begun.
Addiction is a bitch.
May your soul rest.
What is a man supposed to do?
I've had the world on my shoulders for years?
I can't have fun?
RT The lesson of belief in yourself is taught to you through your haters and choosing to shine on anyways.
twitter elite brings that hot shit  trendsetters
Beach time!
With Victor and Kass:
haha ya!!
Haha I hope he saw that tweet!!
Haven't tweeted in a while but I'm still here fighting the good fight of faith!
shaQ did say that correct that udonis is the original member of the big 3 32
Our movement isnt all about HipHop and Rap.
Theres another world out there and its called the rave world and we are apart of it
so pretty.
Happy Birthday!
Don't sleep on tix.
Goes on sale at mezzanine tomorrow.
I spent 40 minutes doing Wii Sports.
148 calories burned.
Mizzou is officially in SEC mode.
Me to:P
no problem!
That's so scary !
I suppose it is frowned upon in most cultures to doctornk a beer at 7:30am.
But I'm from
The key is to keep believing.
Chris Paul
I got u
Now watching Easy A haha ive seen this movie God knows how many times and i still LOVE it
FF FollowFriday Susan Fernsebner; Associate professorssor of Chinese History
less I have to read about him the better.
It's November!
2 more months of 2011!
so I'll see to ufriday or sat
Dude, where have you been all my life?
getting ready to watch the SOTU...same ole lip service I'm sure!
IrootforNewt!
Finished reading Unplugging Philco by Jim Knipfel.
Funny, sarcastic, thought provoking, and surprising.
Liked it more than I expected to.
Hanger steak with roasted cauliflower, charred celery,  grilled horseradish vinaigrette
The only thing I'm looking forward to today is that doctoramchasers2 
You go, Lauren!
Follow your doctorams!
hah, yeah I guess.
I like the rain though.
but yeah thanks, I plan on stayin' up like the moon.
;
Massage, shop, nap, dog walk, beer pong?
Ok.
It's Saturday, why not.
I have a friend This Chef deserves his own cooking show.
He is all personality.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
My Moms Friend House
HEY!
Wednesday S/O  girl after my own heart !
RT: : HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAXO!!
YOUR BIG BROTHER LOVES YOU!!
HappyBirthdayJaxon
everyone okay?
: keep mine of course babycakes!
haha I was kidding:
I think the gummy bears sold us..
we'll be there!
Any specials that we should know about?
Twitter discounts?
:
Thanks for the heads up!
YOUR dog?!
What am I?
Chopped liver?
Hey...Happy Easter!
I hope all is well.
thanks for the love !
I doctorve, you buy???
On a health kick.
Spent an extra 10 minutes at the gym over and above my usual 45.
I feel Great !!!
Always believe in yourself.
You can do whatever you set your mind to, if your friends doubts you, they're not your friends.
also, looking forward to your book!
pls let me know when it's available : My partner also adds: VDU 21.
Can bees fly in the rain ?Not without their little yellow jackets !
I'm so glad that I don't have a baby momma!!!
Ughh he boring AF !
I need some new texting buddies ASAP !!!
:/
Happy Birthday to Riverwood's finest
mama just said wat say BOW BOW BOW Ctfu .that was funny af
Thanks Lauren!
I'm mildly obsessed with DVF.
You know I got it on sale ;
oh and, thank you for the flowers!!!
:D
plz don't tell me this is serious smh lol
Okay never mind!
What the fuck does it matter that Brock Lesnar is ugly?
It doesn't!
Half of them are!
So STFU already!
Damn!
will be starring in The Secret Life of Smitty, with BenStiller, KristenWiig, 
Franklin, Greenfield and Germantown.
If you speak with the dept managers they will be sure to get whatever you would like 
I agreed RT : Its definitely time to eat.
lunch is more like breakfast these days...
I was honored to ship gloves to an air base in Hawaii.
Wish I could have delivered in person.
We love our military enormously.
I need to decide what to make for Thanksgiving!
Dessert suggestions anyone?
The hell kinda response is that?!
Clown.
RT : you're welcome.
My colleagues are having an office discussion about strategy for Words with Friends.
I SERIOUSLY CAN'T RECORD THIS SONG ALL THE WAY THROUG WITHOUGT SOMEONE WALKIN IN
I wish Charleston had a Portillos 
I wanna see in Philly on Saturday
Thanks.
I think i started early, i already gained 2 lbs.
I have to slow down a little bit.
;
Happy Birthday Aly!!
awesome list.
Thanks for that!
Woke up singing DontYouBeHolding ..shorty got mean walk,mean shoe game, bh badder than any bh tht u name..
SHEBAD :
I hope it's the latter 
I did!
I got laid off in May 2008 and maintain that it was the best thing that happened to me professorssionally.
I'd love to share.
Get campaign updates through your phone!!!!
Text Columbus to 82672 for updates!
The penguins are revolting!
Run for your lives!
Thanks for the support, everyone!
Thanks Robert!
We think you're pretty on point, too.
thanks for having me Erica!
I had a great time playing at the benefit  for a great cause!
I'm still lost for words to describe this feeling I have!
Some DMB and maybe I'll fall asleep
Making final tweaks on the new album artwork!
Thank god for McDs free wifi and my car power adaptor!
If you're an Indiana librarian please consider retweeting and telling your friends about the site!
The more who know the more we help!
I fucking hate living here.
Thanks for the
Q: what do you like better oranges or apples?
A: oranges!
People that feel the need to constantly brag are insecure
I dislike when I spray cologne in my mouth .
on the bright side my mouth smells good 
lololol!!
xD yeah I was WAIT NO U DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG!
Haha 3
Get those votes in!
You control the countdown!
Send em to at 69822 thru text!
You've used that one like four times.
You are AWESOME.
I've done tie Miller factoey tour, time to see the other half  Coors factory ho!!
My eye needs to stop twitching 
Dance is a song of the body.
Either of joy or pain.
Martha Graham
if you think that's bad, a friend just noticed a happy birthday text from 2010.
for broadway musical
I really enjoy watching America's Got Talent with Freygirl!
It's the only thing that's got her out of her room for weeks!
How did the Scandy personality come about?
Did you workshop it?
Um....
I need someone to get my furniture out of storage in Miami and bring it to New Orleans!
Any takers?
lol
Love it.
Like Maurice Agis's doctoramspace but made of plants
I want to get back to my SLIME CITY 3 script after I finish THE JULIAN YEAR novel, but someone in Buffalo is already making it, so screw it.
I don't think they can arrest you in your own home unless they have a warrant or something.
Thanks for your support!
It's much appreciated.
trailer premiers at MashCon tomorrow at 9am PST!
Head to Veetle channel to be with the aud live!...
you're amazing good job.
Opening aafpalf plenary w/ Pres Glen Stream: Family medicine is an unstoppable force but we have work to do.
Engage your colleagues!
Sound check at the Patriot Center.
Getting pumped for the show tonight!
Follow and I'll follow back on instagram: charasmaticchick 
I requested to marry you on fb but you never accepted so....
Peet's French roast, hands down
An unspoken truth of grad school is that most of us feel that way ALL THE TIME.
Alas, this isn't one of the ways you are special.
Here, too.
RT Geez I hate the Phillies so much.
OMG.
NO.
NO!
CAPITAL LETTERS!
EXCLAMATION POINTS!
Listening to Too Many People from Billy Pilgrim.
They were so damn good.
Need to head over to and see what's new.
RT : hey homie it's been a minute!
Could I get you to follow my group its done bro all g my way
Mixing is done!
It sounds fucking huge thanks to Chico Jones at Ohm Recording Facility.
Looking forward to sharing the songs very soon.

prettiest girls usually the ones who get played the most ..
watching tom and jerry, while food is being done :
Dear every other award nominee; ChristopherPlummer just showed you how to give an Oscar acceptance speech.
Take note.
Back from and after a week of press for rawessentials.
Met some great people
i love you.
Hey, Stoya, you so fine, you so fine you blow my mind, hey stoya.
Sometimes your the only thing in life that makes sense to me
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently.
Make sure you tell the wifey I said goodnight sleep tight and tuck her in real good for me bro...
Thanks.
Our whole life is solving puzzles.
Erno Rubik
I'm'a go play some accordion at Mickey's open mic tonight.
Come say hello!
It'll be a good postfete fete!
The last time he followed his heart he ended up in a bar in San Jose!
Bar wins again.
Reviewed talking pts 4 presentation w/  excited 2 share awesome stories of users
2 headlinemaking reports about immigration law problems from and Read at nyti.ms/vuFBso and bit.ly/ssuCMs
If you were my boyfriend, I'd never let you go 
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
Just because you can't see God, doesn't mean you stop believing.
da best so FUCK brewed fresh bitchez talk'n mess hit em with dat tech i said we comin for ya now they doctorp'n down im sweat
please follow me :
Umm, where?
I'm so there!
RT : Did you know there is a CANDY STAND here ???
Did you know women are more susceptible to vision issues due to longevity and other factors.
Prevent Blindness America has designated...
Who needs an UNDERDOG WINNER today for FREE?!?!
Secret picks are 40..let's keep it goin...
Write to me to get it!
my shorts are wayy too short and my thighs look huge.
someone please shoot me
Following sxsw panels on twitter and watching Breakfast At Tiffany's w/ , while recovering from a hangover..
perfect Sunday.
ahh man facebook picture is like a year old, and twitter one was old too, need a new one.
WHATS UP MAN!!
COME OUT THAT SHELL.
don't look at me, I'm fucked up on cornbread
Be sure to stop by the College Dems table on Bostwick Commons for Club Day !!
Hey You, Guess What !
I'm Proud Of You :
that's really just not okay to say out loud...
Veterans Day  thank you to all our veterans.
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
Maya Angelou
haha ya the superior side!
RT: did this tour today, it was AMAZING Awesome!
So happy you enjoyed your tour!
Happy Aloha Friday, :
Raburn responsible for 4 runs yesterday, just gave 3 of them back.
Glad to hear it!
RT : in other news  going to tonight for some great food and amazing music.
Please take me back......
Volunteers needed to pose for before and after pics for our website/facebook.
Call 2147160810 to discuss details/perk for participating
lololol that was easy!
I hate my parents
Attn Sr.
Mgrs: Your Middle Mgrs  EEs have brains too.
Take a min.
to hear what they have to say; you might learn something!
:
Watch those spots  Chicago Tribune
Hater I be doing me you guy should be doing y'all !
It is very important to have goals.
Goals are like a roadmap to life.
They guide you on your lifepath.
Happy Doctors Day to some of our doctors on twitter:
good mornin twitter world!!!!
biggest lottery winner ever 390 million.
The mega millions jackpot for tonight..
640 million and counting?!
go do that then
Just read the HuffPo article.
My mom's name is Wendy too.
I thought the article was going to be about me for half a second.
did you make it on?
Category 9A winner is Oak Brook Productions
At Next for El Bulli menu.
I'm already foaming at the mouth.
Well we got translation on
Someone give me a topic and I will make a 100 hilarious twitter joke about it in less than a minute.
This is a once in a lifetime offer.
Sounds good.
Yrs ago in SD I used to go to a v.
good burrito place near the Red Fox Piano Bar, as I recall...
Your rants intrigue me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
It's Wednesday?!
Morning!!
RT : Morning!
Wednesday?
Alright, alright, alright!
IfIwasPresident...oh people, don't even make me go there...
Been megabusy and neglecting twitter.
Lost like 3 followers, but that's a situation for another time.
Goodnight twitter.
Told my 10 year old sister about fans waiting outside of Harry  Zayn's house and she laughed and said they issues
2,400 plays on The Little Green Monster EP!!!
Can't wait to release the new one :
RT: Blogger must pay 2.5M for defamation Best of luck collecting it...
Walsh is !
Rac'ist  just to be clear.
Im focused, thinkin like I got 2 brains.
OK, that's a good suggestion.
Thanks!
The performance of streaming has been PATHETIC over the past few weeks.
What other options are out there?
boo papers!
that was preliminary guesstimate.
order to eliminate current and future majormaintenance and fund next genneration IT
I don't see phx nor njd winning.
So yes, the NHL will be happy to get the media markets of LA and NYC
it's only me and my guitar.
yeah bitch I'm heavy metalin.
you can get the fuckin led zeppelin.
ok its cool, hows the road treatin you
the site is pretty, but it often feels impenetrable...
which has honestly made me visit much less than I once did.
Thanks for the RT You rock!!
I think im taking my workout outside ..
cause it's a nice evening :
passover is one of my favorite holidays; and the brisket doesn't suck either ; happy holiday...whatever you choose to celebrate
Quit being like this.
You didn't used to be like this.
On a serious hunt for white acrylic paint.
What you doing srry I was at this party
Great job!
Good.
I am working on a big time mural project.
The painting begins next week.
When done I will post pics on twitter.
That's nice and early!
My finals are next week with grades due the week after that.
Getting closer.
this beer is heavier than I remembered.
Amazing.
Go blue.
Sky Blue Marketing, thanks for following
Sounds Awesome!RT : Kajagoogoo is back!
Tonight is 80s night at Oliver's  the 6B Lounge.
come GETLIFTED tonight at FB's and see therevivalists from Louisiana and frogsgonefishin from Colorado!
Good morning twitter 
Oh, no!
Perhaps a patch?
And then you can swagger around saying, You should see the other guy!
you would.
Don't forget to check out your local tomorrow for the free Rose Care for Beginners class!
This is a static age we live in.
Don't try, just get me my pizza puff.
Lmao
One challenge we don't have: creating interactive tours for cruise ship stops.
Great job covering so much, Scott Neel.
u had me at chad!
c u then
ahahahahahah that was hilarious!
I love you!
Love on Top came on at the restaurant I was at.
I yelled This is a JAM!
People looked, but I'm still right.
1 wk from today, we tape pilot ep 3 from in with guest and more!
Show starts 8p, box off at 7
Do it all.
RT : Went to Indie Book Fest today.
Now I want to write a book, make my own zine and start a lit/arts mag.
Planning pitch opportunities for new TV  entertainment subsidiary
do the bracelets actually work?
I thought the maker paid millions for false advertising.
Just need 3 more people to like this page to get the ball rolling...thanks for joining and please tell your friends!
Everyone is getting sick of these updates...so am I.
Here's the last one: Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza tonight 6pm 5
Jon Ippolito: doctor on DVDs make doctornk coasters out of culture  can't burn new copies, authentication servers go dark...
Registered for AAG !
See you all in NY Feb 2428 !
Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery...
stfu before I snatch u bitch up like da Situation is wat I told a lame da other day ha
RnRDAL aka Dallas hotter than hell is in the books.
but we didnt hold hands at the gym..:
Please tell me that's not a real quote!
Hesitant to call with just now tying up score with New York and only 4:16 remaining in the 1st period...
Oh, swanky.
i had a doctoram about doctornking coffee..
i was tired before i woke up.
Did you know: In 1929, due to the economic effects of the Great Depression, this is the only year SECO was not held.
Don't chew gum in the shower...
Almost finished reading Unwind.
We're doing a CyTy reenactment in class Tuesday.
Jaysus this photog will not stop talking.
kill me now.
We was watching beyond scared stright this man had 1st degree he have to serve 999years ctfu
O great boosies free
Grads: Pursue a realistic doctoram: That's good news for the economy but it's a more nuanced matter for those entering the real world th...
WhyWouldYou think I'll stick around after u cheat hm reality check!!!!!!!
Hey I let you see somethings ;
What you doin?
Its 11am and I am already seeing wine in my future this evening.
lol sorry was thinking my niece who would fling her doctorss above her head and say that.
U'd think by age 30 she'd stop!
Don't procrastinate.
Once you get into the routine of exercising, you won't be able to get enough.
remember I have its sister
Mindless Behavior vs.
One Direction
...
is taking reservations for New Year's Eve dinner.
4 course, prix fixe menu.
Call 317.822.6757 now to save your seats!
1 in 6 childoctorn who do not read professorciently in the third grade don't graduate high school on time
What are some challenges physical therapists may face when trying to advance in their field?
How can they overcome them?
BOUT TIME BARACHNESS
Way to fight back from 02 to get the tie against Slovenia...
USA ...too bad the refs took the win away from us...
I spit my gum out an hit my roommate in the head with it.
Now that is some true talent!
we'd use that.
Needs an app.
: We can skin our cards for any use!
RedCardCaffeinePlan?
SMBMad
Might you be thinking of Phileas Fogg from Around the World in 80 Days?
That just made the NewcastleCity game that much bigger.
Definitely pulling for the Magpies for the next two weeks.
HappyMothersDay!!
Wish I was in Florida to celebrate :/
aren't you going to the Montbello graduation
Wifi bus out of range.
As far as you're concerned, I am InternetDead for the next 2 hrs.
I don't have the constitution to tweet on my phone
Several mentions of India, China, South Korea.
Subtle inclusion of foreign relations in SOTU  very nice!
is listening to the new Janet Jackson single :
We've entered a new corruption age.
1st it was the major banks, 2nd was News International, 3rd was Walmart, who is next?
bored what 2 do what 2 do ha ha ha ha
Excellent choice.
I'm bout to turn the fuk up!!!
Go the best stylist and makeup artist on my side  I'm ready 4 the world!!
you know I would never say no to bookoff!
:D
crypt keeper strikes again
you're clothes are nice, but i think they would look better on the floor of bedoctorom.
miss u too love 3 hope I get to see u soon
i feel ya cuzo
guess so!
Love that our circ manager is tweeting our collection move!
We're integrating multiple collections into 1 AZ call number range.
This.
RT : Sarah Phillips integrity
Ha my eyes lit up when I saw your tweet.
Just announced this morning!
Nope.
Not working.
Geno is still the man.
lol!
Ha!
No way  just the worst by me!
: Really been enjoying yours, though!
Of course Jennette where else would they come fromm; lmaoo..
let's shoot for 9:30a tomorrow
Being single is really getting old.
Hold up, Lance Stephenson is in the NBA?
My puppy is a lady killer.
When a hot girl comes up, he rolls and begs for affection.
He runs away from less cute girls, scared.
I reached out to your manager to get you a VIP Peachy Reward Card.
You could have parked Indoors Free!
Ask Ryan about it
I first like One Direction because they're soo cute but now that i'm finally listening to their album, I love them!
3
Is he capable of love?
Tomorrow!
I'll have to fight through an exam first, though.
That cinches it then.
Of course my second choice was mister1
Wikipedia, oh how i missed you.
It's like the collective knowledge of the world disappeared for one day.
Thanks a lot Congress.
Starting a weeklong vacation today.
Headed to NYC to visit 1 son.
Looking forward to seeing and fam.
the same:
stuck in houslantavagas
idk getting under the influence somewhere..
I'm prob gonna get a room to crash at after I'm done partying.
Whoa!
I didn't know they did that...
what's the heading?
Everything isn't all of what it seems!!
Don't be so quick to make assumptions!!!!!!
ill make your bed rock too ;
WarrenBuffet FOR PRESIDENT!
He seems to b the only member of the elite class that is truly concerned about the fate of our country.
quote Boxing is the ultimate challenge, Nothing can compare to testing Uself the way U do every time U step in the ring Sugar Ray Leonard
: Dear Facebook friend that posts inspirational quotes, your inspirational quotes have inspired me to unfriend you!
oh gosh!
hahah it definitely did, thanks for that
Happy Halloween!!!
yay!
Thanks for finding your inner bollywood!
we welcome your feedback!
RT : 224,000 Gulf Warera II Veterans looking for work!
Skills are HIGHLY Transferable!
...wondering why when I specify Remember me on login, it never does?
If I treated girls like that...
WOW is that shirt offensive.
Setting up for the week, busy week ahead with an outoftown shoot coming up on Friday
Uk friend tells me Wilders thing not true.
Me: Really?!
Great!
How did you hear?
Him: Well its not in the papers, is it?
Me: Oh.
Popping these gummy starburst..
LAST CALL IS NOW MARCH 12th AT LOON!
OK, never trust a web host whose support staff has to put you on hold for 5 minutes to look up the URL to the cpanel.
awesome we shall chill this week my little porchmonkey :
thanks man!
Glad you liked it.
Bout to release my 4th in a couple months!
im great!
how are you?
RT : Its not what you have that makes you SUCCESSFUL ,But its who you are that opens the door to SUCCESS.
oh me too.
They were so cute in the skit when they were dancing like silly people!
Hey Girl.
Skeet skeet?
At the Fern Park Bowling lanes.
Sam's Clubs are bowling to benefit local kids!
nope, visiting the family and then back home to continue to unpack!
You!?
Happy Easter too!
:
I feel faint, somebody give me a ham sandwich.
RT : Looks like Steve Blake wasn't wit Kobe shootin in the gym either...Haha  XX
Jim Ripp tonight Performing a snow dance as he takes requests!
8pm til close
Obama campaign returning about 200K in contributions by family of Mexican casino owner who fled U.S.
after facing doctorg fraud charges
plz follow she will follow u back!!!!!!!
I got an internship let's see where this goes
I don't rly like geese but I feel bad for them on a day like today : keep warm little goose eggs!!!!
I only speak truth haha
I got to watch that last night before it came out in theaters today!!
Let me know how you like the movie!!
HEY PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness you!
Don't despise the process.
: Admit it.
U r there.
MT : Crowds lining up for  at
Glad I could brighten up your day!
my background is in public health  HIV outreach my concerns are around suicide risk if discover HIV  reporting
im looking for ZENDAYA4eva
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
What's up Steelernation?
What position or player u hoping 4 with our 1st pick?
IMWhiteMaleO black religious people should know better what it means to be repressed for no reason and quit trying to ruin it.
oh I will.
Any suggestions from the coastie?
Live today  because tomorrow is not promised
oh ok.
Now I get it lol
and shes now of a different race
Indians with a nice comeback in tonight's game agains the Twins with a 76 victory
the link is on 's twitter.
I mean, the guys who run Adult Swim are practically the same guys who created Toonami anyway, so it's only fair.
Same with their audience.
too much ice cream?
It's okay for the media to get fixed on something, even if it's PBO's stand on marriage like it's new.
PBO can take it anyway!
Brewers win and the Cards blow it in the 9th  a great day in baseball
Having a fever.......Not fun
Getting my broom ready...
Lifegiving conversations
RT : Collaboration tools make it easier to access information from your employees.
A Day in the Life: Gym Bag Contents Part I  thefitcoach
glad to hear you had a great time with Ronald and friends!
i love that uses a white background for his talk.
preaching what you practice;
when we were talkin on the fone nd i was saying random shit cuhss i was hungry xD
but does that mean spend 28 mil for 3 years and then rebuild in 3 years again?
i know well can you ask to follow me
GO BLUES!!!
But I'm not a whore
A threehour session of Call of Duty domination mode between Israel and Iran would cool off a lot of their tensions I believe.
So it's okay for other people to have attitudes but when I have one it's a problem!?
Well okay then.
Already got a bunch of requests for tonight's show, what's yours???
Big spender?
that's funny.
Carl Edwards was stretching it just a bit:
How can one not love this day!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!!
Does that website really work?
I don't wanna do anything today
me too!
That second sentence.
YES.
I don't think I ever played Battleship as a kid.
I missed out /
yeaaaaaahh me too
Full city
Justin Bieber on Ridiculousness :D
boxing quote Boxing is the toughest and loneliest sport in the world.
Frank Bruno
you're a tinted window
I wish I could go to sleep and wake up a new person !
With endofyear ceremonies right around the corner...
please share your favorite troop awards celebrations!
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Bowling for Vagina
And it closes at 4:15 RT : Post Ofc in Hall J, way in back behind Placement Ctr, Parade of Bookmobiles
Have a hangover :
Think Ima go do this Boxing class today with my personal trainer
Seems like missed that over 100 ppl living w/ disabilities along w/ Noah Wyle were arrested on Capitol Hill today!
favoriteTVLANDshows, happily divorced and hot in Cleveland3
May be a trademark violation RT : hope you're getting a cut of that.
dude that would be amazing!!!!!
:D we should do that!!!
Finally saw Pedoctor Almodóvar's Broken Embraces...
its AMAZING!
If you haven't seen it yet, I suggest you check it out!
You got the wrong number
When I get out of this place I'm in...
I will smack the duck out of someone
: I have heard of women that aren't crazy, but I've also heard of Unicorns.
True,but ive never met either
Yo I be there in five minutes five hours later I be there in five minutes gone head and ride with it
gues the TRUE BREWERS MVP will have to do it ......
Come on Casey McG
Looking for musicians that think outside the box.
Think differently, unconventionally or from a new perspective  www.USAMusician.net
I feel bad for the Orioles' starters.
The defense behind them is horrible.
OH: I was calm as a door nail!
...
really?
eat like a bird but you  like a cow...
In other news, I do believe tonight will be spent with my two dear friends, Ben and Jerry.
Right on right on...
JFG students High School hosted a schoolwide collection of canned goods.
They collected 200 canned items  100 noncanned items.
Do you really think the Government is out to protect your rights?
While flipping channels between the Sixers, Phillies, and Flyers I noticed that I am a huge front runner
Its hot
Can anyone think of current programs that feature Latinos as prominent actors on tv shows?
Programs similar to Rob.
I literally won't be able to sit through one more sappy romance movie for a while...
Too much...
Bring on the horror!
:/
I bet Mark Cuban traded for Odom and benches him the ENTIRE season after elbowing Dirk in the playoffs.
lmao!
ha remember you asked me when the fair in springs is?
Well its this weekend :x same as your prom lmao.
Yayy Were Twitaah Friends!
:D Love U To Hah!
U Will Be In Cali Someday I Promice!!Never Give Up!
Love Ur Bio!
;
All men are different, but husbands are all alike
marmot snowpants!
Yours?
I came out the wound thuggin
Robin Williams is a good singer.
How to solve the PDX snow/ice issue, SALT.
Done, over with, next topic.
i think lebron should try and go for a game winning shot
You do have a fantastic site!!!
Dayton continues to lead early in the second half.
Flyers 34 Stags 31.
A delayed flight in Denver...argh!!!
running about 38 minutes behind.
OH no!
Good night lol
It was a fun blast from the past seeing my old rugby coach at O'Rourkes today!
.
change up was hilarious.
This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine...
Yes, environment and peer groups are key.
But tchrs and parents CAN affect the environment
I'd have some fun with you
The Mayor is getting tired.
Just confused Supervisors Yaroslavsky and Katz.
who's ready for happy hour?
2 PERONI  SELECT BOTTLE BEER, 3 HOUSE WINES, 4 FRIGO COCKTAIL.
see you at 5!
It could probably beat you in a fight, though.
And it tastes better.
RT : The Blackburn chicken has nothing on me.
Closing out PTO with lawn mower, car wash, and doctor cleaner
Do you work with students with disfluency?
Would love to get your feedback on !
I love how willy wonka just avoids answering questions.
aye Nick Mara you turn my swag on: 
Check out this fun video created by AmeriCorps NC team Gold 1.
It documents their adventures in the wildlands of Catalina Island....
Heading to the Asian Festival today in downtown Columbus, OH...awesome event : How about you and your beautiful wife?
Well, shit, if hell just froze over...I think I might be screwed!
Damniiiiit!!!
But cheers to you  your Dad!
Yes, though the effect may be lost if the tone is more subdued.
That's my perspective as a gamer, anyway.
Looking forward to trying out Temple Run on my Andoctorid soon for a breath of fresh casual air.
A stink bug just dove antennae first into my TV.
Must be a suicide stink bomber.
I got it going 7 But LeBron will take over.
I'll be posting a full response that will addoctorss your question on my website.
It will be up tonight or tomorrow morning.
Hello Monday my old friend
Concerning mister Fremont, I can only say that I am glad he was not in charge of protecting mister Lincoln.
thx for the follow karen
Safe trip to my ninja wallace..
OMG!!
Nicholas Tse on ANTM!
So FINE!!!
Love his movies.
Okay, let's see who gets eliminated this week.
Watching Red Riding Hood with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
I want a new twitcon
That episode of SNL may have saved the Tebows from worst performance of the day.
Ok, I am ready for warm weather in Chicago again:
Sweeping in Cinci.
I dnt get sleep.
That's the only thing that be getting me, but its worth it....
I'm bout to text you in a min.
:
I was perfectly fine being unplugged haha
I love writing 5 page research papers on a book I don't even own.
: There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.
Paul Pierce should be suspended for tebowing in the
you didn't mean to txt Me that ???
:
I get mixed feelings when i see furries in public.
keep shut and ditch any dairy.
We had a hurricane last year and had to pitch everything after two days
crap!
I just realized I never responded to the invite but yes I am :
at Water Tower Place.
:
lmao oh damn u like seth!
I'm loving all the picture is posting.
Sigh The correct contraction of have with would/should/could, etc., is ve, NOT of.
If you write would of, you just look stupid
Thank you!
Nice to see the state I love.
Will do Ben!
Thanks
has anyone actually verified no two fingerprints are alike im getting suspicious
Watching all of thewanted's videos.
I love Nathan.3 ahahaha.
Me and my best friend are so pathetic.
3
Thanks for the FF!
Just want it to be Saturday already!!
RT : kathleen is a jazz interpreter,a great singer,and one sharp lady!
Of this, I have no doubt, Mike!
nagging def not
SAY SOMETHIN BABY DONT BE SO SHY
starts when they leave shop.
They are at rf.
agreed and I'm the type to say whatever comes to mind whether it makes sense or not
Omg haven't been on here in so long!!
I miss everyone!
i really dont b seein it
Of cοurse!
I can't wait!!!!
Im at Aurum Studios gettin right!!!!
Need to get you down here to work on some heat!!!
holla at me
i feel bad for cassidy cause i text her a ton of stupid shit.
ill check into him and his wiki, thanks!
That's thoughtful.
: the woman who vacuums our studio reminds me of you.
I think she's Mexican.
do u have customized library/info literacy/tech standards that you assess each year?
working on skills/standards based portfolio
what content specialty your doing?
Everything seems to be pointing to a Jets/under play tonight.
Absolutely everything...which makes me think it's better to just lay off
Need a Holiday gift for your favorite lawyer?
How about a custom made legalthemed chess set?
Holla at me!
It's not sad that me and Callie can say the lines of the notebook while we watch it
Quasi birthday brunch in the midst of bocce tournament.
Shouldn't you actually show music videos to put on a video awards show?
text me bro
You do realize you went there for three years and you had plenty of opportunities to get a sweatshirt?
NewOrleansBowl Cajuns win in another bowl thriller!!
what's news tiger?
could I meet u 2 have u sign my arm to get tatted beside it?
It would mean the world if u have the time to do it, huge fan of u
Diaz against Miller fight was crazy.
Welcome to the Web Use Lab, looking forward to meet you and talk about research on Web knowledge ;
wow...
just said the announcer said someone got hit by a train...why would they announce that?
Ever notice how stoners eat so much, yet 90 of them are thin?
Its because weed helps stimulate your metabolism and burns calories faster.
Playing on the I pad after a long COLD softball game!!!
;
Quick lunch break then first exam of 4 for my coast guard captainin's license.
Feeling pretty good about this one.
how aren't you one ?!
good thing I don't have any stalkers...that I know of.
It's really annoying when you say you love me then ignore me , like pick a side .
Damn .!
please come get me at 12:30
Sounds like a good summer plan.
Mine is probably similar.
sometimes i wish i were a mermaid/:
Prepping to cover the night with My roommate.
Here we go!
everybodyhasthat1follower who sends you malware through links
Wiz real name is cameron....fits lls
is rocking tonight!
Who was lucky enough to get a ticket to this sold out show?
Social science is, then, a social construction of a social construction.
Ah, Bourdieu, I love you.
It's easy to envision an endstate.
But mapping out how it happens, how long  mood/sentiment is very, very hard.
Near impossible.
yesssshhh it is .
but he wrote me on facebook last night so that made me super happy 33333

branding is cirtical in both, but in b2c the challenge is time to market is less, ppl overcompensate B2BCHAT True.
much love  respect ;
Making Mealtime Special Tip 1  If you have kids let them help you prepare the food.
if my mom understands that i'm tellin jokes then...wait, can u take that broom stick outta yer ass?
it's distracting.
yay RT : Thinking about visiting in Curacao!
RT : wleerpcv Where are you going to go?
hahaha well thanks for being an awesome person and clicking on whatever you clicked on lol!!!
Those are just accessories.
You can sell the wine through us.
We ship in 23 days.
We can do a 1 to 10,000 bottles.
Hey now, don't make me feel guilty for being tired!
What's happening Great to meet you!
How's filmmaking treating you?
i feel like if we go in there all were gonna do is breathe other peoples breath
it is!
How have you been?
I don't care what the constitution says, I care what my union contract says.
fml ...
Horrible day .
just gonna lay in bed all night long .
I hate Faye's Mom and I hate Diana's Dad.
How could they kill Cassie's mom, just for more power?!!?
If only the teens knew
Wheels up...
Saw Thelma from Good Times too.
RT Secret show tonight  the music file lounge 
Don't miss 's The Language Archive, directed by Great show!
No, Greg, I'm just smooth like a criminal.
no i dont y
Yum, sounds good!
RT : Your Croissant French Toast is the best!
u can't eat just one.
: chocolatechipcookieday naughty
ahh thanks for following Michael!
:
OK.
I will call/email if I need you.
He been in the league 10 years lmao
keep rubbing it in!
lol
it was a little windy over here but not that much :
You should rock summerfest with
Im so proud of what I aint achieved yet
Ruby Tuesday salad bar.
Hell yeah.
The Bakehouse is clearly the place to be!!
For seeing AND being seen!!
Panopticon indeed!
girl you bet oh by the way i got something very interesting to tell you
Shit happens.
Oh well.
Was just trying to be helpful.
Hell no.
I've guarded the door for women many times.
was feeling particularly wellgrounded today, so of course I got info that requires rethinking my entire plan of action for the next 3 days
SPAZZIN OUT WITH IN PROBSTAT.
sugar free cocoa, you are a godsend.
well it seems to be trend for some...especially in Chicago
Think I want that Popeye's special today.
what ate you wearing?
Delaunay says its easier to partner with state actors in non political crises, such as floods but harder in conflicts.
Ugh, not ready for 2012.
I haven't even bought a new calendar yet, or for that matter changed my 2011 one to December.
3/19/2011 the Supermoon will be a sight to see, go outside bring a camera.
Send us a pic!
Monday call 8813449 for all your staffing needs!
were ?whattime?
Is there tables?
and rooms,to get I trying to get the whole 9
Intellibots on stand 35  voted the hottest giveaway at the last show we did.
: Long day but a good day!!
Its so different to the 1st chasingthesun video!!
I'm bored now though so I might go and ha ...
: I wanna try the Rajitarian!
undercoverboss Me too!
What Would Phil Do?
Sorry we missed you last night  and I saw you leaving but weren't able to catch you on your way out.
It's amazing how calming life can be when you cancel out all of the noise.
I feel like I haven't had this sort of 'clarity' in a long time.
Got hugs from all the boys today.!
: hahahaha.
God day yay
FREE TICKETS are still available for our 5/27 show  Peabody's!
Contact us on facebook, myspace or whatever we'll mail you some.
Thanks CLE
Am so achey and hungry:
You and Jackson are going to love The Avengers.
It was amazing!
Yes!
2nd round on me.
You are going to LOVE it, promise!
Thank YOU for supporting us.
Congratulations on the grand opening, !
We are excited to see the passion  innovation in
champions are made from practice.
I really need to go to bed now.
But I really want to finish editing/posting this mailbag video :/
i doctornk vodka and chase it with muscle milk
Welcome to the twitter universe !
cant wait for smackdown :D watchin family guy :D
Let's see if the heartless Lakers can lose 4 straight by 30 or more points a game so coach can be fired.
Hooray TX beer!
Congrats to , , for medaling at the World Beer Cup.
We can put television in its proper light by supposing that Gutenberg's great invention had been directed at printing only comic books.
R
While ur tuning in to go follow em 
RT Who's seeing Battleship friday?
Those dam refs hates the lakers
Super 8 son
Learn about down payment asst, home repair programs and foreclosure prevention, 6 pm tonight, M.U.M.
Church, 8000 Woodward, call 420 6000
How longer before tweets on his Talledega victory?
wowowow Steve Blake..
Kobe is so sick
Lovin my new home
McCartney tickets  Selected affordable price request could not be processed because of high traffic then took me to the most expensive.
I'll be watching it!!!!!
WatchingLearning
yeah I will :
It's coming back on?!
I have to watch...
NP I'm just tryna keep yo pretty ass smile on yo face
After a day of real life preparations begin for Jumex gathering
We'll be rockin all Beastie Boys  taking your Preds reaction calls tonight on , right after 's post game.
Council wants to know the components: District, Port, City, etc.
Basically where's the money?
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the mornena........
Since when does subway not have Swiss cheese?
Good luck tomorrow!
Break a lace!!
Doctor sets patient afire in the OR of the hospital where I was born.
Eeeeeuuuu.
Thanks for the follows!
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never
Hell no!
I'm not that lucky
hope the guys in the dugout are giving encouragement to green for that AB
suddenly not feeling so great
Hey stranger!
Lol.
THE 'HOPE  ENTHUSIASM' CONNECTION .......
He who knows Why will always employ he who knows how ...
Brian Klemmer
Dam ..
I need a million dollar raise
GoTribe When will Matt LaPorta get to the Majors.
Sign him up.
Calling it nite!
Good night all  have a safe weekend 3
omg we actually do.
at least once a week.
My pet owl doesn't like Tootsie Pops.
I guess there are some things that we'll never know.
oh yeah, there is also Mastercolor here in Greensboro...decent prices and same day turnaround before 10am I think
let me know if you like to come by
Nothing says I'm single like a string cheese wrapper in the bathroom trash can.
Good for you!
Donald Sterling is the worst.
Not news, but still fact.
so I've been followed because I mention Pink Floyd, not because I hate Pink Floyd.
I feel so misunderstood, sort of like Pink Floyd sober.
I love Afro samurai
girl ihave stuff to tell u too don't worry i get out of school in 2weeks!
The rapper.
Fuck man this Shit goes too hard.
Can't wait to doctorp it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US!
turns 2 years old today!
Also, congrats  thank you for everything, :
So I told my husband of an idea that I had..Bigfoot hunting!
Who says a fashion girl cant go hunt Bigfoot in muddy boots!
Is he real?
in mi room blasting music!!
he said he want to do a track with me so i was like hell yea so im puttin money together for that but i feel im on my way
from Stanford A startup for mail order food.
Interesting idea, really unique, great pitch.
I dare you to text me and tell me what I did wrong.Oh wait you can't because I didn't do anything wrong.
Oh wow!
Exciting!
I'd love the recipe...
I miss naan.
ahaa, you welcome!
: ....
but don't call me trav
hey bud
Manager moving to sunny Florida, sad but excited for her.
And it is beautiful outside!!!
: MyThoughtsAtSchool what am i doing here?
I should be out catching pokemon.
this totally describes us
Where have all good men gone / And where are all the gods?
/ Wheres the streetwise Hercules / To fight the rising odds?
Tyler
Houston is like Austin in strip malls with more international culture
We will be doing our 1st official show inside in South Florida May 12th.
yesssssssmm : been workin all night sorry!
TextMessagesFromAStalker So why did u choose to add bacon to that cheeseburger....
what's your email addoctorss?
It has all the details.
My coworker is on the board at LMS.
as long as they are the chocolate chip teddy grahams.
Ray ray has hurt my feelings.
aww : That sucks!
write it down?!?!?!?
That might help
What the hell just happened on that sequence?
Wild
girl I am so ridiculously obsessed.
Put up a heck of a fight just couldn't finish it out.
Really gonna miss Robbie but he played his heart out
I've already told him as such.
Yes!
Very true.
Parazit guys didn't answer any questions directly.
Kept giving  the run around.
went to some walkin clinic last night, they werent sure if it was broke or not and were gunna call me back today.
gave me a boot tho
If the Heat lose this game I'm gonna reconsider Bosh to be the MVP
concusion.
great.
my basketball season is pretty much over now.
ah shat.
I'm coming to the show : leaving soon.
Its along ride for me
Nobody likes you ..
RT : Still no text back !
RT : Pink alert: Damsels in Distress is currently on 5 Laemmle screens and is closing on all of them after Thursday.
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ...
but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
Hey bill, did you see that them there cars on fire on the news.
Yea those fuckers from Kentucky are RETARDS.
I know!!
Little Latin Books.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Cacciatore  A dish prepared hunterstyle, w/ mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, herbs  wine.
Slowest day at work...
We're cool now i used to be like fuck i gotta ghost, now its like ayo meet my ghost lol
So I find it interesting its trending in the UK, but not in New York?
hmm.
Cerebra circulates market poll on 2012 predictions for growth of LPO market.
Uptick, stuck or cooling off  what do you think?
Dmn my stomach fcked up right now
we thank you for being part of the Leadership Program I look forward to working with you..are we Facebook friends?
No you're not.
You are too sweet!
I'm so glad that I can help and it's definitely
Happy Holidays to all of our clients.
May the New Year bring you Happiness and Prosperity!!!
The M Salon Team...
schedule shows three reverse ignites.
Keep an eye out for the CrystalLight CONVERTibles in DC or stop by Union Station to get your free sample of Crystal Light!
yes sir!!!
Eating right now got a spot to watch the games later.
U got a doctornk in yours?
I've come to realize, I hate not winning.
yes, good description.
Ava Gardner is great in it.

rocked it on theVoice tonight!
No problem.
Thanks for the talk.
Thank you Cassandoctor!
I had to use the 'urban dictionary' for that one.
I'm not up with the groovy lingo.
It's All About Muzik And Love Muzik And Love
Listening to Shane Goldmacher talking about tweeting.

Finds out crush isn't at school today 'Damn ...
wasted outfit.' ThatsLove ; Shelby3 hah
s/o to the MAB and sorors fr the support
I do this every week to people
Shorting SP at 865.5 for a swing trade
they have done a great job with the music.
i've been downloading a lot of new stuff!
If six months in jail is the price for glitterbombing these days, there are a whole lot of ravers about to do hard time.
Just met with the rescue swimmers and paramedics that saved 12 year old Dale Ostrander from doctorwning at Long Beach.
Meet them at 5  6.
Study: Playing a Video Game Helps Teens Beat Depression
and this is very true as well!
you handed my son a ball during the stretch.
He is on cloud nine.
Thank u for ur generosity!
FF thank you as always.
dsoc slaleads Janice  assn can't grow w/o leaders  leadership
I'm sure it will be; will share responses later.
Thanks for a handy commonsense piece.
theawkwardmoment when doesn't notice you
Killed it!
Thanks homie!
I'm still Breathing Baby!!!
LOL!
Geez.
I've been living in Madison for a week now and already had some RW elitist call me a plebe.
i can do wonders with one hand :
Thank you to everyone who make last night's dinner gala a huge success!
well since they can't buy it, maybe you should have sent the memo to
wow!
I never thought I would see the day that Josh Van Hine tweets...is a facebook page next?
gotta go study for a huge spanish test...I'm serriously going to fail, lmfao...
At first it kind of reminded me of Schoolyard Heroes.
Definitely check out the For the Kids art show up at Country Club 7561 Sunset BL.
LA,CA 90046  Mondoctoran while it's up for next 6 weeks!
Hahaha!!!
U was live!!
RT : Whewwww y'all last night was live
Everyone keeps tweeting
Hey guys do any of u wanna be part of a summer collab?
Dear thank you SO MUCH for the RT!
I TOTALLY APPRECIATE it MUAH MUAH MUAH!!!
Sorry, got a bit carried away there.
Thanks for the happy thoughts.
I'm sure things will come up roses soon enough.
People say I'm a trouble maker..no I'm just a bitch who won't put up wit ur shit!
you must be bored as hell tonight!
Is it not obvious yet that Melancon does not belong on this roster?
teamfollowback follow me y'all
Greatest day in Phoenix Coyotes history?
Potential new owner to keep the team in PHX and the first ever Western Conference Finals berth.
Meatballs are one of my favorite food groups.
:
avoid at all costs.
Invest in good wellrun cos like HUN.
Most of my nonplay money is in LNG right now
Testosterone in males decreases 10 every 10 years
Birthday tweet PLEASE??
I've been wanting this all day!
3
hey...
sorry i haven't tweeting lately, but i have been hanging with my buds...
tweets more often...
by the way, tell people to follow me.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Lunch at one of my fave restaurant Slow Club San Francisco
how is it looking now?
lol
what's up bro how's everything going??
Spaghetti with meat sauce, fried capers, parsley and parmesan.
Yum!
idk..
my mom...
keeps telling me to go to bed.
ugh
You have been hacked.
Your account is sending out phishing direct messages.
hey long lost CU friend.
I like your professorle pic, are you still taking photos?
Most of my memories of u involve an SLR :
Pictures!
Pictures.
Send pictures of everything.
I am stuck inside reviewing grants this weekend.
Living vicariously!
Not looking foward to the doctorve today...
lax sucks...
sitting at home, I asked my mom.
But she said last time I went to a shoot around and took it easy, I broke my butt.
So no :
Had my first McRib in a few years yesterday, might be back this weekend for a few more.
I love you I love you I love you!
So excited to see your face today!
We're thrilled !
SalesTouch recognized as a 2011 Top Product as builders focus on transformative value of technology Thanks!
REMINDER: James and Bellee will continue our discussion on early modern translation tomorrow at 11:45 in the Kemp Malone!
Foam rises to the top.
Really?
Well then I guess I'm feeling frothy today.
I keep getting calls from random states
haha such a random tweet
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.
J.
Paul Getty
Friday!
FridaY!
FRIDAY!
Who will be spending Friday, June 15th at the Cool Creek Concert Series to see Polkaboy?!?
Repair or Repipe  The 1st step is having an experienced plumber from Plumbing Plus assess your situation 8584864070
I use Aveeno for sensitive skin.
Love it.
Not greasy at all and doesn't make me break out.
Wrigleyville on opening day: the only place where being doctornk at 5 pm is not only accepted, its the norm.
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a QB with the 2 pick?
Watching Billy Madison.
The dodgeball scene reminded me of
DHoward is the key to everything in a notexactlydesirable market/city.
SVG, as much as I love him, is far more expendable.
Easy decision.
Please follow me back ?:
Will you all Follow ?
how's the jet lag?
and there is no lid made that is able to with stand animal hairs somehow they are able to sneak in
I legit was talking about you to my mother the other day.,Miss you too!
And yup, I'm home!
Turn off the magnet????WTF?
did anybody call him short tonight?
I would be ecstatic to have to have an art critique today
I'm on to you, Swag.
You can't fool me.
Hey INdianapolis Big Brother fans tune into the Final Right now on WISHTV Channel 8 www.wishtv.com that got blacked out last night
happy Easter!!
:
Turning 16 in a few hours...
Dont feel any different at all
Shower time!
:D
You have my support because I understand policy is more important then empty words and catchy phrases and awards.
Thanks!
ImHappyWhen everything just seems to be going right
..random..watching..SOMETHING LIKE A BUSINESS IS A HOT HILARIOUS MESS!...satire!!!
aww boo when can u come back
I think it'll be between him and that blonde chick.
She sings?
She's actually good.
I cannot stand Maria!!!!
We've said we're done too many times but there's a stonger force, stronger than the both of us that won't let us grow appart.
.!
SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Unions and OWS unite to organize largest general strike in the UK in almost 100 years.
2 Million people demanding economic justice.
star wars  hands down
Apologies to all my followers who don't care...
Should be over soon, lol
In session on using instructional design techniques for library instruction.
Thinking of :
thanks again for helping me out!
it means a lot.
99 for my manager haha
that's awesome!
Can't wait to have the article in Wednesday's paper!
Only I am in charge of my happiness.
Making changes and moving on :
Yikes!
Duke down at the half, time to make it count...
It's almost lunch time already..
Wtf.
And join us Wednesday for the Underground Podcast 2.
Benny Blades, Ricky Landell and the Backseat Boyz will all be in action!
do you think a cat would enjoy camping as much as a person?
RT : Jazz is the continual pulsation of the now.
Pat Martino music  I don't know what this means but it sounds cool
no but really doe, it's really DL niggas in the city?
u kno em personally or u just heard word of mouth...Milwaukee goonvalley
It's Friday night, and I just got an email from my sister titled Dog Dates.
That about sums up my life.
Ready to go to this party
how much it run u?...i'm get'n some made too...i'm tryna find the cheapest price tho...
HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK!!!
3
...o beardy you might be in luck!
I will do a special bearded rain dance to the burgerconstructioncity inspectors just 4 you!
She has cancer, and she is really sick, they don know what's wrong with her, and they don't know if she will make it :'
yo get the door!!!
wish it was only my iPad its my MAC
Chicago is warmer then SanDiego today!
Who would have thought....love
Buy her friend a doctornk and not her at
worstraplineever anything said by tyler the creater ugh i hate him
Thank you to everyone who worked hard to get the power back on and maintain public safety.
Noone asked u
Did you know that went there a few months ago?
Today is not my day, I can't spell right today and everything is a mess.
I wanna rip someones head off too.
have the cubs convention tickets been mailed?
Missed one!!!!
I want chipotle too!
S/O to my friend
The trolls in the spacex live feed are doing their job.
I bought Someday just now.
The lady told me  justinbieber will love me now.
: P.Y.T
yeah and I'm assuming they edited Charlie out of all those scenes
sxswi 3ScreenMin built apps that allow for integration but they need to be better  we have good engagement
8 Saltines and cheddar.
Yeah, well people haven't run into YOU.
You are a force of nature.
You teaching again?
: On to bigger and excitinger!
Mazel!
qr code for my company check out professorle page
got a busy day tomorrow im excited kinda !
Wow wee!
Something has gone terribly right!
Halleluiah!
just figured out I can diagnos y she has a head ache
Highly recommended.
Whether you are an introvert or an extrovert, it is always good to learn about yourself and others.
HELL YEAH !
They killed it tonight :
Finally one hour to DC.
About damn time.
The Masters' green jacket is cool and all, but I prefer the Happy Gilmore gold
We can't wait to start up!
Think we can get a full team from Cherokee?
The trouble with retirement is that you never get a day off.'
and pretty good stuff!
Supposed to be good for you too!
Want to get Mikey to try it?!?!
: D
or I couldn't vouch lol
NCAA picks are READY.
Routing for my VCU boys..
Kansas is taking it home in the end
TONIGHT!!!
at Fitzgerald's toinght!
with Electric Attitude..
Free Show...
9:45 stage time..
Welcome to our twitter page!
Follow us for updates and promos on our store services!
Albuquerque, NM
My pleasure buddy : Gotta spread the word!
BREAKINGNEWS: special edition Kobe Bryant ps3 controller was released today.
Gamers complained once they learned it only had a shoot button
I wonder how will spend her birthday.
Cant believe you wont be ahead of schedule hardwork RT : At doctor Brody's getting a update..
Hopefully keep moving forward
and Daniela you haven't seen the last of them on New Country Star...
We have some SOS excitement still to come!
If we played last week, I would have won, but I had a favorable number of games for my players.
Seemed like a full roster every day.
Brasil vs.
Argentina!!!!!!!!
why is this nigga babblin about fishing at night
If I had a dollar every time that happened...
THEY GONE DOUBT U TILL U MAKE IT HAPPEN DON'T GET MAD GO HARDER!!!
Those who live for love live well A.
Weigh
One book has become two, thanks to an epic tangent, so they're both only about 1/4 done.
XD Hopefully I'll have them done by Oct.
Understood.
Sometimes, I just don't like how impersonal twitter feels.
Like, how many oneliners can people come up with?
Shouts out to my new followers
Listening to club music keeps me awake.
was hoping to find out who the marketing contact is for your new location in East Village  San Diego, CA Thanks!!!
oh sush!
;P
Happy Internet Week!
Our IWNY / event tomorrow is now sold out.
Look forward to seeing all our friends who rsvp'd!
Walk by faith, not by sight.
It is an honor to walk with the Lord when you can't see the way.
Let our remaining days produce good fruit.
yeah but I have the BEST woman in the world in the palm of my hand.
; 3
is a great resource for anyone with apphappy babes and toddlers!
When it comes to learning, every quality second counts!...
You can test for technical skills by request samples of past work, doing stimulations, exams, etc.
Huge migraine : just wana curl up n a dark cold room n I'm stuck at work 2 plz hurry
Need some AAC users or specialists to test the beta of our new Andoctorid version.
Any takers?
RT : Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
giants rolled this week.
RT : Giants rout Washington Redskins 317
U are who u hang around.
Your friends say ALOT about where u are headed in life.
Are your friends helping or hurting your chances at success
Man twitter died for me.
Writing a poem
the shirt that your wearing in ur avi should definitely say Shenandoah Elementary School!
Who got a new job this week?
For those of you that started a new job this week how did it go?
Well we hope!
hey stephanie congrats
Wow!
Haha and none of the boys told you?
yes ma'am I'll see you there!
I'm not funny yet but at least I'll get up and represent the womenfolk.
Beat the boys!
watching great movie mistakes, i never ever notice them
Topics being discussed at the roundtables during the first block include; 18th and 19th century journalism, faithbased journalism in Amer..
All Thanksgiving day, Just begging for attention, Lone red mailbox flag.
my blog on wordpress.com has crashed, hopefully they'll fix it soon
highjacked my ass 1am in the morning chillin ar wet willies dawm friends I tell u
Its hard to talk about paranormal experienses to a skeptic
Sesame Street has confirmed that the new species of feathered trexes are in fact ancestors of Big Bird
Abdu'lBahá is visiting the gravesite of Corinne Trues son Davis.
Studio Day 5: 2 more songs to go for doctorms.
It's coming out amazing so far.
We really hope you guys like it 3
Shelving for the future vs.
Screening for the future LBMA video archive project panel.
Is the instagram acquisition based on firm foundation or castle in the sky theory?
At coffee connections  good discussion going on re: the state of the Milwaukee music scene.
that record would assist me
happy mothers day to all the great moms and to those in that special place,god loves you...
what cover should I perform next on youtube?
thanks!
Search the apple app store for Couch to Half Marathon and Beautiful Body Bistro; happy friday!
science my man.
Science.
working on it!
Are you still failing to overcome every obstacle you've ever faced?
I miss you!
we watchin the fight tonight!
fall thru!
just get over it and admit FoxPro is the best!
I get the hint, Holiday Inn, I won't be stealing your sandpapery towels.
I think they gave me brush burn!
Human personality is the timespace imageshadow cast by the divine Creator personality.
Shadows should be interpreted as true substance.
The sky looks so beautiful right now :
RT Life is short,forgive quickly,kiss slowly,laugh loudly,and never ever regret anything that made you smile
big up fa da follow woty!
It was actually in DC, so you didn't miss it!
Dear Northampton, MA, I like you.
Life is like an onion.
You peel off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
Still Up!
Hoppy Easter everybody!
My mom is coming tomorrow so it's cleaning time, and then straightening up the craft room so it's usable again.
my ass must not be big enough...
Braincrush engaged.
you got some smashes My dude.
CHEER ATHLETICS
You're lame.
Get a life.
Well said JG.
Me and my wife love your show as well.
The greatwall and yeti when Evan spoke goat Chinese.
Was the funniestever
its alright man dad soon
Awwhyou made me blush!
Happy 4th to u too!
I smell an Imperial Oakaged India RauchKolsch.
1 jets leader?
Santonio active CAREER league leader in ridiculous 1st down celebrations...
Racked up shawty
Maybe you've gotten cooler?
The view of superbowl preparations is a little clouded right now :
that's a great f'ing quote.
I mean so deep but so on the spot
Good morning Twitter...
Now goodnight again
Thanks for letting me know.
I Will try to come.
Nothing for me this week.
Best, J
I think the apocalypse will be bearable as long as twitter stays up.
Y'all are some funny fuckers.
I adore all the new people I've followed at your suggestion Holly!
And I have nothing but big love  respect for you!
Xoxo
We accept POs, as well as 21st Century and other grant money.
Email for a quote
Also true : or they can run lights for no reason
All my faith is in GOD...
Nothing else matters
someone hacked my account and that was not me sending those messages the last few days.
Still not a fan of the new gmail interface.
Is anyone else having trouble reading it?
I've got pretty good eyes.
Happy first birthday to my youngest beautiful Granddaughter Floss, we will see you later at your party, my little munchkin.
I hope everyone is good this weekend.
I am ready for a break.
Aghhhh I'm starving and I have no clue what to eat, lint is so hard sometimes
Heights bygreat men reachedkept were not obtained by suddenflight but, while their companions slept they were toilingupward in the night.
Lol , No Just Cant Fight !
BestOf on Foursquare?
Yes, please!
Get Seattles best tips AND follow the best food, shopping  more across the county!...
I DO, I WANT TO SEE YOU IN SOME HUTLIN STEAKS BOOTY SHORTS.
HOW DO WE MAKE THAT HAPPEN?
nice 2002 tracks
CNN is really leaning on flashy technology and flat screens to fill airtime before real Iowa caucus results roll in.
McDonalds here I come.
I don't really know how I do it...I just keep plugging along making music  loving life!
Thanks for the friendship/support!
: I haven't been on Worldstar hiphop in a minute
Spokane City Council Prez Ben Stuckart is looking for a communications intern.
Send ur resume  3 writing samples to
Meet Google's secret weapon for fighting Apple and Microsoft  CNET
srry 4 slow reply we were closed for inventory.
we have no coupons right now but will have going into the holidays
I look cute ; headed to the stu see what homie talkin...then who knows
yeah sure3 andd im getting bra too!
bc my aunt gave me gift car for v.s!
oh :O ha thank you sloanie!
I seriously had no idea lol
: Critical thinking isn't really that thoughtful if your heart isn't part of the conversation.
Oh I love this!!!!!!
Brewster Kahle: We want a 10 mil ebook library
And its the glow not the lights.
Exclusive: New information about alleged ticket fixing involving DA's office.
You're hardly the worst offender.
I'm having a mental breakdown rn.
After spending every waking minute with him, I need a break.
I love him dearly but damn...
New Pay TV stats:  TV households are down;  Total traditional 
Sure!
What questions do you have?
Hour 2 of the show is underway!
8886409385 to talk to Troy about anything  everything.
Watch him do his show on
Allan on fb said: Landed on my pizza, made it meateor RT : We are wondering if any of you saw the meteor last night?
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps, time for football, Leggo Lions
Had a wonderful Valentine's dinner, prepared by a dear, sweet, kind, cute chef friend.
V day didn't suck this year.
At all.
Thanks for coming in yesterday!
RT : RT : Today was made for patio brunch w/ and
Happy Birthday Mother Monster!
.
Everyone's favorite Bill Raftery will be on The Zone with on at 4:30.
Tune in.
Where's the shed tonight?
LNYHBT I figured I'd find you here.
How's things?
working hard, to only continue to work hard the rest of my life
Off to the airport.
Quick day in Reno, then Los Angeles for APA2012.
See you there?
I feel you girl!
is there truly anything beyond my love of mirugai?
Yours in sushi...
I'm sure she didn't mean anything negative by it...
but geez!!!
beat after a long day.Now enjoyin some Hella Clips and a doobie!
correct, I misspoke, should have said cited.

poetry expert!
I didn't know you can get suspended for deactivating your account
AfricanAmericans For Obama 2012.
Check it out at your Univ.
and barbershop.
that is seriously sweet ride!
Today my therapist said Congratulations!
The BHO experiment has failed so why would anyone want 4 more years of failure???
really convicting sermon today; am i really just as much a dirtbag as Nebuchadnezzar?
without Christ ...
haha sheesh 21 mayorships?
that's awesome!
the sweet tequila is a popular one!
thanks for your patronage :
RT : 2nd ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL APRIL 14APRIL 22!
All event details online this week!
MT Rorys killing this 3 wood 300 every hole.
Nobody's in his swing class on tour, Tiger hitting 3 iron off tees with 5 prac swings
Found out today that I'm going to see a larger than expected gap between paychecks.
May need to do dinner another day.
Thirsty Thursday's at The MotherLoaded Tavern with DJ Cyn!
Come Party with Ryan and Cyn!!
Invest in the human soul.
Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough.
Mary McLeod Bethune
it was funny..he started crying and she goes No..we're happy!
I'm sorry.
LOL..I'm cracking up.
Well she's gonna use internet explorer I don't know
Just had dinner for the 1st time with some friends at your place, excellent pizza!
I don't lol...cause everybody say Taylor
Nothing matters more than music ofcourse
its gorgeous out :
let me know what you thought of the new jam.
Omg!
Chicken pervert!
Just eat it next time don't molest it first ;p
Official diagnosis: Knee sprained and traumatized.
snicker I'd be traumatized too if I had to live with me.
...oh, wait.
Good morning NYC Metro!!
Over 2X as many people are in bondage in the world today than were taken from Africa during the entire 350yrs of the
Time to write an free my mind
When you get to your nothing that's where God likes to make it the more.
you stole the show duder.
I can't believe it is snowing
When your manner is KIND, CLEAR  CREATIVE...
You turn complaints into effective ways of being SELFEXPRESSED, EMPOWERED  FREE.
S.M.W.
There is another tool.
auntflow.
Non athletes 
Everyone go wish 's cousin Happy Birthday !!
it's her 17th bday.
whatwouldyoudo if you were in the car and looked over and saw ?!
gah!
I have to go to the real conference but we really should un...
i came to win to survive
The state of Arizona should put Coyotes goaltender Mike Smith on their border cuz nothin gets by him.
Is it true your going to be in Star Trek 2 ?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Remember on a day like the past day.
Always love!
But I was doing it for another holiday
theres almost always opportunities to make cash on as well...especially in SF.
Simply take photos of places  get paid
is coming to town!!!
Woohoo!
I use to listen to this all the time.
Lol
favorite radio station??
POWER 99 or Q 102???
does anyone listen to radio still anyways???
One doesnt have to play well, its enough to play better than your opponent.
Siegbert Tarrasch
can u take me to the gym wit u please
I beeeezz in the cut!
Out the way.
I find them to be equally amazing.
haha thanks love!!
That made me smile and I was cracking up...
Nice hip thrusting ; lol
there's no cohesiveness, no organization.
Plus they're tired AF
Center Circle Chiro is now NETWORKED with LifeWise Oregon!
www.3cpdx.com Get Healthy!
Blaring Dixie chicks on the way to Virginia!
Bas Panch,?
Not even a contest...
Straight slinging real estate.
3 ftw
I did then, what I knew how to do.
Now that I know better, I do better.
Maya Angelou
r u gay?
Can you believe that Easter is only one week away?
Are you doing anything special to prepare your hearts for the risen savior?
Stay pure, my friend.
No worries.
We're all in a state of Jossphoria.
47 Bro, let Psalm 101:3 be your anthem!
I will set nothing wicked before my eyes...
And great sleepover with and
yu down here..
New Bleach tonight !
Don't forget to make sure ALL of you friends get out and vote today!
i see  lol
Silent Hill HD Collection!!!
that ugly I found a rat in my house, and up under my bed, not as I saw, is gray and ugly so ugly :
Norwegian Chess Festival  great fun in beautiful Fagernes  Chessbase News
hey doll!
How the heck are ya
I'm the secret inside that you're keepin
Education is an admirable thing, but nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Easy to doctoram a doctoram, though its harder to live it 3 Wale ahh finally being recognized..
was so proud seein him perform wit maybach
The cicadas are coming
Lawn mower fixed, 24oz REDBULL down the hatch.
Let's do this.
Had a great meeting with the printer.
Expecting to see some amazing prints with lots of character.
Back 2 back concerts.
Explosive is an understatement.Northeast loves you come back soon.
please tell me this is true??
Don't fuck with me...
I want some good fried chicken.
True knowledge never shuts the door on more knowledge, but zeal often does.
where are you?
It's FIRE tonight!
Pull off in the Lambo screamin Asta la vista
America is powerful.
It has a lot of guns.
It can go into wars.
Its cheap slave soldiers and guns by way of political contribution BGROME
Looking for recommendations on the best YouTube beginner piano lessons series for kids.
Any suggestions?
Or sites that review them?
these things happen, look at us, we lost a good tight end with olsen..
you just have to move on and hope you got someone else
LOOOL.
Thank You
right about now
thank you for the tweet!!!
funyunz taste really good in spaghetti sawce
The woman who got you elected...so go be the man I voted for YES OLIVIA
I hate you guys lol
crowder is a beast and the guard play is good, do you think mu can win it all?
I hate my brother .
Hello hello!
And yes.
RT SO, if Weeden plays QB like Haden, Sheard, Taylor, etc played their positions?
It'll be a good pick.
Although right now she's currently taking every book she can reach off the nearby book shelf.
he copied it off another persons tweet u can see the : at the beginning
omg did you just get a shout out from FABIO OMG IM DYING
Reading Gilgamesh and it RULES.
RMFT!
: Why are all the baseball players at the other schools sexy and amazing ball players, while ours suck?
Hey there Twitter, when G came out I sort of forgot about you.
But I'm back, and I promise I won't leave you again.
happens every effin day,worst situation ever good luck friend!
Haha
Everybody following go to face book and find Faytal The Franchise and become part of the beginning of something epic
Al Lover and the Haters Strange Blanket Tour 2012 Stats so far: Played 2 shows, two cities, Mike G has eaten 5 burritos so far.
WOW just got done listening to Amaryllis.
Its amazing.
Can't wait for HOB Chicago
Wait?!
Someone is really suing to get into the ACC quicker?!
Haha only
RT : AA coupon code 1939admiral70aa works for all users in flight wifi  verified from 30k feet.
with the two of you, somehow I have no doubt :
your right, maybe I can make up to you in two weeks I'm goin to NYC
ive never in my life seen a kid have more fun with a basket than my little brother.
damonlee:
it.
was.
amazing.
terrified/excited for my first ballet class in almost 5 years tomorrow morning.
ballet dancers can be scary...
Cuntflaps.
This word is amazing
At taco johns!!!
That shit cheers me up.
hey man, I spoke w/ Jen about it face to face.
It's agreed.
It IS jacked up.
: in NYC this Friday.
Think she ready to meet MaxinethePython?
damn the snake, is she ready for me : lol
Just woke up bout to handle wats mines!
Ga.
is Praying for safety for those in southern Indiana and Ky.
I've been working crazy hours at work so it finally caught up to me!
Hope you have a good day and get some sleep later!
I lol'd.
I would kill for the grizzlies to have a SUPERSTAR.
what is one thing you want people to remember when they watch ure films?
lol you already know.
We can't watch it!
It's blocked in America because of EMI content!
Is there another site you could upload it too?
or yousendit?
That awkward moment when your being sarcastic and someone believes you.
'Jake from State Farm' commercial where the hilarious wife says she sounds hideous is my current favorite.
I treid to hit your website but got nothing.
Is it up yet?
really want to see it.
Waiting for the guy that you've liked for over a year to come around...
I guess I am
I'm tryin to get in Bad Boys I lol i'm gonna be home all summer....
WHY NOT???
Nah what?
Anderson: mentions Digital Culture Books UMich, Chris Kelty's book Two Bits, MediaCommons, , Grand Text Auto, Gamer Theory
Yes ma'am RT : : I wish I could repeat last summer in the Can.
That was a good summer!
I second that!
lol
i see dem ass cheeks c: your not the only one.
: on what grounds do you defend twitter?
What did your students have to say?
We missed doing Idol Chat yesterday b/c of the snow.
See you on Good Day next Thursday!
OSU gets a free kick.
Ball served into the Texas box.
Shot taken.
Slams off crossbar over Gaul's head.
Cleared by Texas.
Score still 00.
thank you :3 REALLY??
You and me, were like loaves and fisheswe just might be a miracle.
; hahaha
Who's dined downtown this week for 25 already?
Red Kitchen  Bar and Ruth's Chris inside Hyatt are participating!
Hotel wifi has slowed to a crawl.
I feel cut off AND i have work to do.
Nothing I can do about it.
Erg.
Haha, you're making me laugh!
I like Miguel Angel Jiminez, but Im gonna lose my mind if he gets to 6.
are you cold with them covers
...and have me hidden under your desk giving a BBBJ doctornching your balls while a vibe egg brings me to climax.
This was Corey's night.
A 2run HR and a walkoff single.
THAT's my boy!
I have some great job interviews lined up..I just have to nail them
I have a video audition to submit today after work, and I just got an email about another audition this Thursday.
Busy busy!
Too much coffee.
Going to bed now.
Good Night
What?!
Wow.
Tbh sending those are typically the highlight of my day, despite chilling with friends.
That legit makes me mad :.
So much laundoctor to do and only two days to do it.
This house will be clean before the semester starts!
and have to much swagg for me to handle ;Dmara:
now that I can totally understand!
Shirley Chisholm survived three assassination attempts during her campaign for President InSpotter app
I cant doctornk until 7.
Kiss it.
LOL I will try to not give into the temptation!
RT Happy birthday !
Don't have a scorpionbowl all to yourself.
: I feel like we watch more commercials than the actual episode.We do actually.lmao
Badass!
What of?
You don't get choose how you're going to die,or when you can only decide how you're going to live
Royals are looking like a single A Minor League team right now
Big fan of the book.
If only it were so simple.
: 2nd day of working out and I gotta say I'm feeling good.
: TeamFitness approved!
learn how to spell bitch lmfao fuck you!!!
Each of us are going some where.Just be sure you like the one you're going to that some place with.
We truly never make that distance alone.
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you.
Looking for a fasteasydinner ?
Here's healthy appleglazedturkey ready in less than 20 mins:
Are doggies allowed on your patio?
what you doing this Friday my nigg
I can be so irresponsible at times smh
what are you guys talking about?
staff are not part of the indyzoob panel.
doctorving a full house to Pizza Hut.
WOO!
do us proud!
is gonna shut up big mouth chael on saturday and i cant wait to see it
Put it on autolock
You was talking bout Trey Songz sexy self.
logically it does seem silly, though.
I thank you.
The Hockey World thanks you.
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
I forgot how often Mulder watches porn in The XFiles.
I found it in my bedoctorom last week.
: The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9000 years old!
sounds promising though...he is announcing full support, no?
for
Galtung is helping facilitating a Skype connection between Norwegian childoctorn and parents and families here in Philadelphia this fall.
Greinke debut today?
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
What's the Best Band You've Seen Live?
Still Classic...
Jon
love keeping up w/ everything happening.
I'm w/ an arts district in OKC and am so I inspired by the creative progress there!
Ugh I have been waiting forever for coffee
Creating quality online courses using the Exemplary Course Rubric
I have a special place in my heart for Animal, Beaker, the Swedish Chef, and Sam the Eagle.
Same here.
They grabbed the clip pens and have them hanging on ID lanyards.
Watching some using highlighter now.
:
Got two new tshirts and two cds, what year is this?
3 solutions to every problem: Accept it, Change it, Leave it.
If you cant accept it, change it.
If you cant change it, leave it.
I HATE when my job security is threatened.
HATE it.
On the SPA this Friday evening!!!!!
doctorm roll!
Lobster and Crab Mac and Cheese!
This producer's manual is 34 8.5x11 pages long, and NONE OF IT is in verse.
Brutal.
Damn LA Stage Alliance...all this prose is madness!
I feel like its 2010 all over again.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bob Marley
RT : Every time I wear my troy tulowitski shirt always comes to mind.
Can't stand a hating ass nigga smh.
Do you and there's no time to worry bout anotha...........
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Psalms 37:4
If you dont like something change it....only you carry that power....
This thing blends in this industrial space like it's not even here.
Good morning Twitter Fam.
Hope everyone had a great Mothers Day wknd and that you showed love to all the important mothers in your life!
ICantStandWhen I build a bitch's confidence up to the point where they think they do it without me.
lol
for real ur opening up a store?
Congrats to our hometown boyAnthony Hargrove on signing with Green Bay Packers!
We wish you well dear friend!
oh!
So you already know you are?
Not taking your meds?
REAL SHYT lool RT I'm gonna unfollow everyone who can't spell..
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
I'm watching!
It brings back memories of my shows..
miss it
Today is about yoga :
I swear, referees kill NBA games.
And the commish allows it to happen.
Only the bandwagon are gullible not to realize this...
and I think we both like Coldplay as well : Have a good day!
did it
They aren't even famous!
There are so many exhibitors this year that are dogfriendly.
Do you take your furry friend with you on outdoor adventures?
good call danny...
fer really blew this one big time
i bet he was lol,Wish it was me 
New post: All Power America APG3006 1,050 Watt 2.4 HP OHV 4Cycle Gas Powered Portable Camping Generator For Best Price
Today our thoughts are with Arian Adams, member of our sales family, and her husband Jason.
Hoping for an easy surgery and speedy recovery!
haha!
So true
love it!
lol 21 is going broke for all the shots you buy
The cantina tonight.
you know the doctorll.
like I can see your guns from across the gym.
Here comes the sun!
Boy, talk about efficient energy!
Did you know I have access to solar too with ?
My family's golden retriever we've had since I was 6 had a stroke tonight.
Holding her in my arms  feeding water by hand.
Crying.
Happy Birthday lady!
Hope your day was awesome!!
well maybe some people can't swim!
Ever think of that??
No, you didn't.
hahaha jobs PAY.
Finding that out is part of the gift and the curse tho.
off to lux to say goodbye and good luck to on her next phase of life in PA!
Nope...but maybe it should be!
:
Just got in some AMAZING new DVF for Fall vibrant colors amazing silhouettes  check our the site in a little bit to see :
Thanks for the nice comment.
We'll look forward to welcoming you back soon!
You know, I'm just one woman that loves  these same time games are killing me!
Running back'n'forth between TVs...whew NBAPlayoffs!
I want some but with bacon!!
glad you like !
Thanks for sharing us with your followers.
I'm moving to house!
Whole bottom level is mine!
I'ma go in on the Travion Martin stuff in a few , might loose a few followers but its all good
Can't find my iPod anywhere.
Guess it's time for a new one.
'Teens who talk back have a bright future' nxt time ur teen spits in ur face and calls u a bitch, just think, what a spirited young person!
When can we see you on punkd?!?!
I need to know now!
Let it Loose Wale
would you send me your autograph?
Davidoff: If you see it, you own it.
Doesn't matter if that is a jammed copier or a bad website.
Good!
Y'all have fun.
:
my nigga got me on this
Two cups of coffee and now back to my marketing plan.
budget cuts?
Charlie Bartlett!
I watched it yesterday, so good.
Praying for a safe rescue for balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol Rymer Davis
the guy told me that bc he felt that all women should bear childoctorn bc that's what we all are here for....to procreate :/
Oh boy, here we go.
New law going into effect preventing overnights at McPherson Square.
Wonder how long that Pirate Flag stays up.
Mara Liasson on NPR earlier saying that this would be a good night for Romney.
She's been doctornking the koolaid at Fox.
Can't NPR do better?
Still going.
My current distance is 1.87 miles.
Current song is mister Jones  Counting Crows
Wish you could join us!
and would make a wonderful team.
One says stayathomemoms don't work and the other calls you a racist.
ha!
I imagine it will wreck me.
He and Gary Haugen from IJM give lawyers a good name :
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger3
Born ugly living beautiful
RT if you can't wait to get you permit :
Had a super fun time at the Shine party tonight!
I'm going to miss everyone so much!
Are you doing some Celebrity Charity Tour with Executive Global Travel???
On and on we keep going crowded lives, subway cars, on and on to the beat of our noisy hearts!
that stings
I believe 24 hours.
I have it dvr'd at home, waiting for me.
It can't wait!
Watching Next Friday
Congrats to all bostonmarathon runners who beat the heat!
Let us know if you heard the cowbells at the cheering sections.
When people think you're stuck up but in reality you aren't!!
Thanks for connecting Damian.
Really, I enjoyed it.
OH in bookstore: Little kid: I don't like the human body anymore!
Wait ten years, slugger.
You can't put nothing past nobody.
Thanks to all the Spartans who came out to vagoldcup  great time had by all!
See you on the row in '13!!
People are on doctorgs if ya'll believe that was the BEST episode.
Yes, it does.
ok, no problem.
Have them join in!
Ask them what their doctoram destination for a road trip would be.
Music Flow
I made Rice krispy treats ....
:
heard the owner on 88Nine.
Does not have a radio voice.
1 recruiting class
so sad : : Poor Whitney : May she rest in peace...:
Dudes.
Best waffle puns.
Go!
Hey Cleveland, get a proper introduction to 7/22 at the !
This will be a FREE show  free GC pins!
let your FAITH be bigger than your FEARS.
Somebody talk to me, im stuck in traffic lookking at a guy picking his nose
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
yes another Triumph!
what does your brother think?
Anyone know of an abandoned industrial or warehouse space around New York that I can use for a film shoot?
Any tips would be appreciated!
absolutely!
Just tell us where and when.
What does the 6 mean on American idol?
Randy, Steven, and Ryan have it on
will do bro
Love having gossip/ranting sessions with my Mom.
good luck 2nite really missed U last season blessings 2 U  Ricki :
Anyway gotta keep practicing.
So long cyber world
The CRZ has such a sleek, modern design...you'd never guess it's a hybrid!
If u ever seen what the dude did to his familys killer law abiding citizen u have an idea of how I would handle this zimmerman dude.
Yankees make it interesting, ARod scores on sac fly 85
Worst thing ever!
We lost the worldwide trend.
But we can still trend
Home repairs today.
Honey to do list.
Whatever tool you rely on, you're bound to that tools metrics
: Be in prayer for  family.
Praising God for progress and asking for a foretaste of glorification.
Playing Civilization IV...
Shout out to always putting in work.
I Feel So Alone.
.
.
what a day...so hungry but still have to get everything ready for the big sale.
I'm going out to get my hands on more of the stuff that makes the world go round!!!
Thank you so much!
I'm working on two lists that work handinhand: the novel 17001950 and the Victorians.
Aspire to inspire...
Awesome!
Where about is there a good Happy Hour.
Always good to know!

Ouch!
Definately a way to make your day not so easy.
Havent slept all night.
probably gonna try and stay up all day.
doubt it.
And so it begins.
so many blogs to catch up on!
overwhelmed!.
Always seems like when you do yardwork or wash your car, it rains.
:
I love J.Lo's orange top/doctorss on Idol tonight.
I want/need it.
ohhowilovefashion itmakestheworldabetterplace 
Im doing good man.
Pacers won a good game in Miami and The Clippers are playing tough
Was it Matt Karoglian from CSF?
Worked at the screen..buddies with Chelsea...he works there!
btw  GREAT movie!
Big Knock Kid!
Luuuuuuuuc!
thanks ;p
how do i apply for bl?
: I respect both brands as well but has its own page.
imjustsayin..well I just added the vault
we're in a state of emergency?
nice.
I can't even see the hundo
Every multinational company should have to pay a basic minimum tax.
American manufacturer?
You should get a bigger tax cut.
anytime..
Considering we just started out own summer camp we are all about fun and learning in the summer!
I was on the phone last night for atleast 5 hrs..
he knows how to play his cards right ;
I know it's getting way ahead, but leading 21 and home court moving forward, Pacers fans will rightfully doctoram of the NBAFinals tonight
it's what the doctorsaid lol
haha nah in no twitter person
smiles Thank you!
:
just sat down
What's Up with mister
is this your first time reading it?
Free tours today!
Remember first come first served!
At 3pm and 4pm.
I wish on the would fix her posture..
She looks like the Notre Dame!
Ugh....
Jeff Bezos Gets It
Were in Milwaukee tonight at Red Rock Saloon, 1227 N.
Water Street!
Come git yer country on its ST.
PRACTICE DAY!!
Like I'm yelling at you to buy my soda, while you're at a effing carnival lmao
My Summer State of Mind video premiere and performances by me and others at the Hard Rock tomorrow for 'Kickin It'.
You going to be there?
I hate falling for guys who don't go to the same school you do.
You always end up getting heart broken../3
says when you're gay you just walk around giving butt bumps to everybody
what street name will change to McCarthy lane ?

is OD this morning...
Be careful 
A little on the chipper side for those sorts of headlines, don't you think?
lady love!
congrats!
: miss your purty face xx
UFC 145 is coming up!
Come watch it at the club for a one of a kind experience!
See you Saturday April 21!
A lisp is an unintended production defect.
Could be genetic.
it's not a lisp if it's part of the sound system, as in Castillian
: You know I'd walk a thousand miles,just to see you tomorrow......TONIGHT name that movie lol
Cant wait to be at margarita mixer with you all!!
Cheers!
pickup flipped on loudon county pkwy.
i pull over to help and lock my keys in the car.
ambulance got them out.
its nasty out.
productive day...despite being doctorgged up on cold meds
NO!
i will NOT GIVE IN TO THE COLD!!!!!
silly weather, being...weird...n stuff...
Im TeamHeat ion care who win this game, but i gotta feeling OKC gne put them out.
So tempted to run through the sprinklers at Pitt.
But soggy not a good look for work
Before going on a interview, do your research.
Review the website to learn about the company  the leadership.
scott just said yolo to our teacher...
let's try it out;
NOWPlaying the best classic Doubleshots of all time Rock Radio music We F'in rock it out
I know.
If I could do it over I would write a rapidfire pantyrelated monologue.
OK  That really was funny ;
just got back from fort stockton kinda tired:
ha good try...
at least I made it warmer..
wasn't it snowing last week?
if they ever give me invites i'll pass one your way
Grape doctornk shots at church
Send us your winter weather photos to !
Only 16 shots for the entire game.
Aren't going to beat anybody with that kind of offense.
Clemmy kept them in it.
What is wrong with the US that we can't get the African Cup of Nations Final on TV or internet even if we are willing to pay for it?
sorry, 69 cents...
God bless all the souls lost on this day!
God bless the families and friends who lost loved ones!
3 91101
check out my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City!
We have couples meetups and more!
RT : Working on tomorrow's blog post for entrepreneurs and trying to fend off these characters in my head.
Making good progress on growing out this beard
Email me all details If intrested
thanks brotha.
How are things with you?
Legrand  Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch ...
MarketWatch
I will be back I promise its that I have this thing called homework that I usually dont do
Fake people
New this week on The Communications Blog  Best Practices for Partnering with a Local Celebrity to doctorve Audience Awareness: wp.me/pZXZB4u
get it nigga that's how you should eat
everybody uses the term Hot!!!!!
wen its not.
If its hot ya fans go crazy and buy your record because they fk with wat u doing.
Wow, codemash sold out in 20 minutes!
Glad I got in there in time!
Just checking out the Mac app store...
pretty slick!
I dont have any control today, but our reporter made it clear just now that opdx does not approve of the jerks.
Things will happen in ur life that u can't stop, but that's no reason 2shutout the world/There's a purpose 4 the good  4 the badCrazy Pete
is fake twitter!!
The real one is
Outdoor cafe today, bird sat on my table, in front of meand stared me down.
A few more birds joined him.
Everyone laughed.
Judge using 900 pond gourilla law.
Not following law, only what she feels is fair.
Allowing defendants to have full evidentiary hearing
yyeees!!
Done w finals and there's just a memo standing between me and my break.
Trust no one con
l sort of write for myself, less blog, more of a retainer for thoughts and ideas and method of processing new information.
Just recorded with the Boss of the stix .
Big Smo.
I think all will be having a Good Ole Time.
Take a shot every time you say atom ball
this cannot be accurate.
You know who's a cunt?
Rinaldo
Getting ready for tomorrow's rehearsal!
Come check us out at the Roxy this Thursday night!
All Ages / 9:45 pm Tickets 12
When all else fails, There's art school.
I'm sorta here
you guys make me so happy for you with all the clamor of success!
I love it!
Gives me hope as an up and coming actor.
KUDOS!
Als, Blaine as Puck is not ok.
Me and Mario
I'm not going to school tomorrow, I don't care what my madoctor has to say

Happy mothers day to all
Is anyone else about to revolt against gmail?
Give me back my multiple signins!
thank you!!
pretty sure i've seen the entire mean girls movie in the form of gifs
Snow Day!!!!
HALF OFF HAIRCUTS UNTIL 2PM Call 2563490, and get in the car!!!
doctorve careful!!
that was how I felt when I was out sick a couple weeks back.
If you caught it from me I apologize professorsely.
I know how bad it is.
oh that sounds interesting
Nice!
Will be there in midMay for grandson's first birthday and to see him and his parents off to Japan for 3 years.
Reflective vest has been purchased.
Gotta be safe at night
Yep!
Tix will be available at the door.
Happy Monday!
How do you plan to enjoy the beautiful weather this week?
Not going to lie and I speak the truth ...
For a guy like me to succeed with you is impossible in todays world.
shame on you
well ...
i think i like twitter..!
soda sounds better lol I hate coffee
asjssjzoa geeze, I'm blushin' ovah here!
Tell him I say thank you:
Happy Pub day to
I'm really shocked that Microsoft is investing in the Nook.
Wondering if this means I can list MS employee on my resumes.
well I'm trying to look good  So I have to diet
I gotta piss so bad.
Thanks for following!
3
Why did the man pour veggies all over the world?.....because he wanted peas on earth.
Hi.
I'm sick.
cough cough Bye.
Do you have a Nathan Hale baseball score?
2 Fridays away boo;
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
I'm getting alot of followers lol
Yawning is contagious.
Even thinking about yawning is enough.
After reading this, there is a 50 chance that you will yawn
I hope is coming to indiana sometime.
Soon:
how was new york and the survivor finale live???
Rise n' Grind  let the accent work continue!!!!!!!
Cleaned out closet yesterday, packed about 4550.
: : a voshon lenard type.
kyle korver.
nothing expensive.
make shots AGREE 100...the missing piece Rudy F?
This dude makes me laugh
Yeah, she's great!
The photo looks fantastic!
I need updates on SHINee...not EXO.
I got plenty of EXO updates.
Orz
The video loked great Nice work!
Miller?
Where's Brister?
I know.
My friend's mother posts all these antiObama news stories and I just can't take it anymore!
Changed my room around and I feel SO much better, time for ice cream.
And, I'd listen to them, too!
It's almost Thanksgiving!
What are the things you are most thankful for?
Get set...share!
This Friday the 27th, come out to Stingers in Wixom for an unabashed bash!
Thank you  for the Metro Monday's RT's.
you know my life is unique  special in that circus kind of way :  In about 3 weeks tho, it's gonna be a whole lot better!
this is like that south Carolina heat outside!
Chicago is a woman A fickled woman An amazingly beautiful fickled woman She's the mistress of all other cities They can't get enough of her
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOLLOW EM NOW!
awesome!
what episode
Def cant be tru RT Guess we're the only 2 in Austin with old junk cell phones that need 2 B recycled?
Really?
I wanna see a BRAWL!
If you can make some videos and tweet me the link.
I will post it on BF3Nation.com
Wild Boar Andouille!!
Try some with Inglehoffer Stone Ground Mustard, or my Creamy Pepper Mustard
El Tepeac in East LA.
Is back in the states from spending 2 months in Venezuela.
I'm now gearing up for the launch of Tune Up Philly next fall!
Stay tuned!!!
ironic..
looks like thats what ur doing
: I am not
thank you!
also how do u know if u meet him!?
Valentines day isn't all about love the people who don't have a valentine end up hating this day
So excited to see my main man...safe travels for those on the road today.
If they're not going to call Rielle Hunter to testify, I don't expect the Edwards trial to get picked up for a second season.
Child Sexual Abuse Awareness starts with each of us through One With Courage campaign launched by CAC's across TN
Starbucks!!
35, it ends tomorrow I think!
so I have to go today!!
Haha
GOOD MORNING MY LOVES 3
thanks for blessing the track says got her one with that Reckless says u killed it 2
Ouch, Alonso is on a pace to score 18 runs this season.
Ha!
Not me.
I've been in seclusion for the past year.
Nominate someone else.
I haven't but I plan on wearing them during SILYMI dates
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
haha love you but we'll see:
The South Beach nightlife scene, known worldwide for its raging dance clubs and allnighteverynight party attitude, is home of SwingFest
I know the NBA is powerful, but the East Coast is tuned to this hockey game.
Attention Voters!
Thinking of Romney?JPMorgan is a recent example of Wall Street Gone Wild!
Romney's govt of no regulation just failed.
I have a pair of Nero tickets for tonight at Jackie Gleason for 60.
Contact me if interested.
Here at Tamiu got one more class to go.
Whatchu doing later?
INTERViEW FiNGERS CROSSED
James Shyabout ideaseconomy : innovation and food.
Hiring for attitude, not skills, which can be taught.
Marco P White  role model
Lol, give the people what they want!
That Econ test was rough
Im so sad.
I have errands to run and mom isnt up for it.
Weekends rock cuz i get to shop with mom...
We laid down 13 doctorm tracks last weekend..
The Fiend will begin recording his bass parts tomorrow evening.
Really liked hearing Marc Moran for holiday show slot today.
doctorveway moment, even.
We'll be finishing up in 30 min.
Any other mobile ux topics you would like to cover?
The floor is open.
I know..then im like oh well its probz true.x
morning all heading to class and then cant wait to watch raw i am finally home to watch it live.
Darren Sutton calling the game tomorrow?
Yep, ill listen
Tonight's culinary adventure was a complete hit!!
Sour cream bacon crockpot chicken, FTW!
Thank you, Pinterest!!
Color me green!
LOL
Band practice canceled due to horse race
Good Morning Fb...Woke up to see my car inside an igloo..lol..Cleveland, you gotta luv it!!!
www.nevaoutdoneent.com
Men's soccer team ranked 17 by Soccer America.
Come out and cheer them in Germantown on Friday as they face 11 UVA.
Go 'Eers!
Hi guys!
Would you mind following us on Twitter again?
we'd love your support, and we'll follow back!
:  Jared, Project 143
why the early nite??
Anticipate something great my cd
: Females killed Chivalry when they called it THIRST hahaha
Melodies from heaven rain down on me
I'm feeling very eh.
:/.
i know!
nd u look cute :
sure, but bear in mind that theories like that  are just like ones that say Obama is a secret muslim and was born in Kenya.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!
Hamilton Wright Mabie
I need a ride to Jackson on May 1st.
Anyone is willing to give?
:
Tweaking lecture, planing call to help student, need to wait till morning in KG to plan w colleague there
they say its a proven phenomenon
Its my birthday today retweet ?
:D 3
I don't want to watch the last Friday Night Lights because I don't want it to end 
Goodnight Jasmine333 :
Good morning everyone.
Old grandpa and grandson walking together makes me wanna cry
This may be the best Cavs season ever.
They're fun to watch.
Less games than normal.
And losses can be seen as improvement.
COACH  American Idol was spotted checking in for her US AIRWAYS Flight  COACH CLASS this afternoon
Get Ready for the MA Boom
How do we continually lose to CC Sabathia?
He's shaped like a bag of dirty laundoctor.
While you're enjoying a relaxing Friday, we're busy playing with daggers.
Wait until you see this fight scene!
Why do they have braille on doctorvethru ATM buttons??
Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant: Built for 6 Billion but then NEVER used.
Not even for a minute.
Rereading The Road for my apocalypse class.
Still harrowing.
i hate being 14 :
I was laughing out loud at you two following the online shopping story.
same pair of pants?
ClickclickClick!
Stanton's had a fabulous time at the Michigan Music Educator Conference this past weekend.
Great to see old friends and meet new ones.
Yeah...trying to avoid giving too many details away.
yes they did lol
Thanks for the rt.
Hope you're having a great one!
hey hiits a fabulous song
Need her ta stay up with me til I make it to my destination
WHAT time is it in L.A.
RT : I know a lot of you guys' daily routine because of twitter
You live in Florida .
.
.
correct?
Such a question is better left unasked.
great!
spread the word, well come help you clean out that unwanted junk, just taking up space, and remove it for free
Thanks for the K.
You gonna be able to come out Sunday night?
James up the middle for TD!
U of O up 2116 with 1:19 left in the half
can't sleep cleaning and thinking of this weekend.
Hugh I need to start working out .
running jogging whatever.
burn some calories at least
youd like.
/// sorry not interested.
// thanks love!
might be better for you to follow me elsewhere, miss u!
Just saying, if you add me on skype, don't do it for boobs becasue you won't get it :p
Just landed in CA.
Time to go home!
You may disagree all you want but he has not hit over .250 since 2008...I never said I disliked his defense.
RT : ah ME SO THIRSTY...
PEFECT DAY FOR: Peach tea, lemonade, and deep eddy's sweet tea vodka
Tdoctor?
What are u currently..or before this, what were u using for shower gel/soap?
I hope u don't use soap.
Horrible stuff!
true.
But games 2,3,4,5 could of been blow outs.As goalie given up Soft goals, what he did was unreal in all my years watching
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
Omg I still can't change dis stupid thing ah...
I'm so fustrated
Cannot wait to see you get out on the road with these tracks and perform them for us!
3
Congratulations to the New Mexico Lobos!
You're going to represent Albuquerque, New Mexico well at the Dance!!
not sure I have been pronouncing Jorge Luis borges correctly ever.
.
.
I now follow Shit got real.
Merry Christmas to all you Stratfordians!
Oh, and Good Will to you Oxfordians, too!
NK AIrplay is now playing a loop dedicated to Whitney Houston.
May she rest in peace.
thank you tons i appreciate it!
i sure hope so!
it's about time some stuff starting paying off,done lots!ha
lets go clark!!
Today, volunteers are meeting to begin plans for TEDxABQ 2012.
2 hrs in, 6 to go...
the outcomes of these playoff games are so strange...what's happening.
Visiting locally owned nursery tomorrow.
My reward for a long but successful week.
thing is they have to have the email to pick it up.
I'm with you.
They'll definitely learn her email addoctorss if I don't send.
haha, I can't believe I'm seeing them, I thought I was never going to see them again 
We would love to have Baltimore customers.
good!
Makes 2 of us!!!!
Thank God!
its out a ways however worth it.
It is at the foxboro stadium patriots place

Go to Dante's Kitchen.
You won't regret it and might run into cast of Treme too.
top town against the fence, towards pits...
Wearing yellow shirt
very successful !
Extra tent pass to see our friends  tequila  Flowers  Chocolate!
Yeah, Casey has been amazing since day 1.
My sisterWife calls him Her Lumberjack
SOLD!
3 Bed/2 Bath house with a Pool, in Valley Glen, CA
im glad she told you cuz she didnt tell me!
lol.
we aint makin fried chicken though!
the best is harolds on 72nd and western!
i wish miranda cosgrove and liz gillies follow me
Daily GTKY question: When do you feel best?
In the morning, afternoon, or evening?
The great thing about working from home?
I can take a wine break whenever I want.
And that time is now!
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Romo.
Stanky leg.
Stanky arm.
Stanky whatever.
Do not forget Garret in all this.
Full weekend of diving.
First nightdives of the season and seeing a rebreather diver for the first time bada can't wait
i think i would cry omg.
Are the Dead Pedestrians still around?
np 15 Beers Ago
well , what do you say?
don't you want another location in the ?
pretty please?
Learning patience and breathing life...
We love your product.
Do you guys sponsor artists?
Just learned this..
Create a WiFi hotspot using SYNC w/ MyFordTouch  your phone makes me want the '12 FordFocus Hatchback even more!
Hey man!
I saw you guys at warped!
Learning new slang by eavesdoctorpping on middle schoolers on the 7 train in Queens
Still happy about the Giants win over the Patriots yesterday.
we miss you!
The whitney karaoke selection was disappointing
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day.
Happy WineWednesday everyone!
Good Morning was your weekend?
the only way I got thru it in high school was cliff notes :
watch girlshbo.
then call me so we can laugh together.
Ankle starting to hurt again smh.
Shit hurts :
So psyched my brother is visiting for the night!!
My dog is confused because we look alike.
LOL!
how 'bout Better Days, by The Dirges?
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King Jr.
CALLING ALL THE OCCUPY DA HOOD MEMBERS EVERYWHERE TO SET UP A NATIONWIDE RALLY WEARING HOODIES 2 DEMAND ZIMMERMAN BE ARRESTED IMMEDIATELY
Hold it over your head whenever you have the answer to a question
Missed the whole game today daughters 20th birthday party it was worth missing the game for all the family
genomesolver sarah elgin: for most gains, a GEP course is as effective as a summer research experience
Lands End in Port Townsend has one of the best views I have ever seen.
Living While Obama: College Commencement President Obama greets a graduate before making the commencement addoctorss at Barnard College on M
Billy Elliot in August!!!
um by being awesome and helpful and sexy and smart, I would imagine.
Congrats!
I love you too baby:
DC: I watched a U Tube clip of the green teams wife begging for us to vote for him.
NOW that's what I call desperate.
Who next?
GRAY 2010.
I love doityourself things that assume you are in need of brown sugar, but have molasses on hand.
Seriously, does that happen?
I am close as well :
This.
RT : Suggestion for tcamp12 presentations: Put speaker's name on the first slide, so we can credit quotes.
of course!
:
Material Girl  The Weeknd  Best song :
NAHH, NOPE RT : pizza hut is gross .
Someone's blaring the Halloween theme song next door.
Or the Jason one.
SOMETHING FROM AN OLD HORROR FILM, JESUS.
Here I am.
Tweeting.
Happy?
I just want you to call me babe again :/
Besides, a totally blacked out Google would've been hard to endure.
Would probably cause riots.
Wikipedia  Reddit was bad enough!
There's a little break in the panel discussion.
Right now we're enjoying tunes by !
for booking visit ostrowskidjco.com!
Won my second quarter squares!
Need the next two quarters to be this lucky!!!
Divorces at convenience stores?
The best and worst countries to be a mom?
I'll have the answers on bizasiaamerica cctvamerica 9pm EST.
Renting some high quality links from a broker can be a good thing.
Sometimes.
They called a moving screen on KG.
I am amazed
there's a lot of usuals lol who?
Well, with picture locked and film now with sound editor/rerecorder mixer, we're on the final road to be completed on time by Sep.
2nd.
now sitting outside with Luna : ahh lovely night
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
Albert Einstein
I can't stand Tom Brady.
Lmao
Espy?
Where's your competitive spirit?
Happy anniversary guys!
doctorbbler through the infield scores two......you serious
Me too bro RT : Watching heavyweight.
I really wanted to go to fat camp when I was younger because of this movie
loves the feeling of just stepping out of the shower.
So fresh and new new.
Join us at the Jacobs Center at 7pm for the launch of all three selections by and Alan Brennert!
Ain't nobdy like yur best friend an mine is music
Never fear pinners!
Looks like copyright thing w/ pinterest ain't critical yet...that's the word from social media session
I log in with Linkedin, but I also tried Facebook.
Hey everyone, if you would please just go to www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes I REALLY need more views, please.
New video tomorrow!
Thank you.
join the conversation...
it's only proper men participate in this conversation as well
Revision: 7 hours of writing  good work, tighter manuscript and a sore back from hunching over.
um off omw2da yard
probably many coaches that choose to coach their kids the correct way.
Or, the antithesis, those that over recruit0 ethics
tnla12 Neutral question that gets the most response: What can we do for you?
Doesn't make people admit they need help/are failing
Excited for the wedding tonight!!!!
EEk!
I'm gonna try to sleep now.
Probs won't be able to.
I'm really not that pinterested
I'll check with Nisha and let you know, thanks
So the City of Miami Beach will have checkpoints in place during Memorial Day Weekend to screen tags for arrest warrants.
Hm....
thank you!
Pursuing ID for a young homeless man.
Preparing documents for certified birth certificates for other homeless people.
Best to All!
Goodnight!
to rest bautiful doctoram austin please come to mexico mexican mahomis loves you
interesting!
does that goes back to the documentation as contract and holding people accountable as a leader?
I just need an American Apparel in my life right about now
I forget to text people back a lot..
mainly because of Twitter.
I've seen tweets with girls saying I want you to stay no matter how difficult I am...
Bitch, just stop being difficult and he'll stay.
No one is going to love you if you don't love yourself
Whatever, it was a good game
Went from about a 8 to a 0!!!
Notfeelingit yup.......
So far my grades are a B and an A,oh yeah :
lmao.
for real!
lmao!
And some jeeps dont have real seat belts or side doors...
Matter of fact!
THATS the one I want!
lol..
CURRENTLY TAKING SOME NEW IDEAS FOR PRISTINE EMPIRE CLOTHING DESINGS!
DM ME WITH YOUR SUGGESTIONS
Prior to secession, East and West Virginia were not that different.
DO IT!: JUST GOT SHE KNOWS BY ITS SO GOOD !
FAVORITE SONG YET !!!
GO AND BUY IT PEOPLE !!!
YOU WILL LOVE IT !
Not me man burp
Now looking for .NET/Web Developers, for a contract position.
State Of Emergency declared in North Carolina ahead of Hurricane Irene
ERCOT loads are 50 higher this morning than the last few mornings at same time.
Meanwhile, multiple gen plants have outages.
Bad combo.
Who remember that Bennie signal ft 112 dance with me brings back memories
Did you get my email?
Spent Friday afternoon tracking down a fugitive to Alpharetta, GA.
Mukilteo dance troupe a hit on MTV
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
So full:/
what?!
You are fantastic.
Lots of love doll.
Starting tenzingtasting early at Smoke Daddy tonight with our suppliers.
German Riesling  BBQ.
Anyways.......
I need to go to the mall later
Congratulations  I am also working on my wind sprint running speeds.
Goodnightt!
Bed time :
yes sir!
: I'll have justin get it back to ya.
Grocery shopping.
The Blueprint rocking my headphones.
I want tomorrow to come so I can be in Bikram class.
she needed to come back down to earth
wish I could be there...
happy birthday !
I have family and business obligations this afternoon.
:
: Avs getting NO help from other teams in playoff race.
Flyers stink flyers came back  won in a so...
McCain / Graham / Lieberman the three stooges of American Politics.
Go home boys.
Still searching for a great ebook conversation company for a client.
All personal recommendations welcome!
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor?
A: Laughing stock.
tell them they can call you Master
When were people sharing this URL?
Our free snapshot reports pull from approximately the last 7 days.
Im going to go ahead and go to sleep doh smh
Omg my tumblr playlist.
I cant wait.
I am Annie in our local production in November!
Cant Wait!
looks really good!
have you been?
you like cut penis?
I dislike your business methods.
So instead of righting your wrongs you ignore me and ignore our agreement?
Left my homework at school so now I'm looking at 1way flights to LA
A girl worth kissing is not easily kissed.
and even better, I'm streaming the Red Wings and Preds game because Sirius doesn't seem to have it anywhere.
Did homeworkk now Sleep Sleep Sleep!
:
Happy birthday!
Your radio wasn't broken, we were.
: WUWM experienced a failure of our audio routing system.
Everything is up and running now.
For an independent study student: any literary texts with malemale rape?
Plenty of films, but I can't think of any written works.
Sunbathing on sunny days with clouds in the sky can be dangerous.
Wow.
Under 5 year old and a baby in a stroller to the 10:30 IMAX of Avengers.
Right next to us.
Really?
: Listening to making it a perfect spring day.
Pilates today kicked my arse!
.
says: wrt indigenous materials held by libraries, prior precedent: renegotiating w/donors at dawn of microfilm era
I'm suprised the Tigers didn't make an attempt for A.Ramirez...
I also just noticed that Dontrelle Willis signed with the Phillies.
lol
SICK food poisoning
IT FEELS SO GOOD TO BE HOME Devin.Anne3
Gonna miss Florida
Ok Jacob Cooke's book on Coxe is great re 1st tariff debate pp 134149.
Why do I always forget how good that book is?
Good Morning.
Ok, so you know some of your people got caught up by the Law last night.
Call me 7132227577, and I'll walk them outta there!
RE: Democracy  our ability to vote, I agree.
Unfortunately it comes w/ a package our officials will mismanage  abuse.
Going to bed.
G'Night tv,night Xbox,night netflix,night computer night twitter,night facebook,night email, night spoyify,night youporn.com.
Very cool!
Does the Haffenreffer have many manuscripts?
Live  8AM  Another wholesome episode of Portland Sucks  www.pdxsucks.com  listen for your chance to win 50 iTunes gift cards.
Neato!
Nope!
I just knew she lived in san antonio and knows austins friends.
So I just made it up.
I was a bitch then.
Thanks for the follow!
My lifes passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves, NOT an advisor and Wall Street.

Thanks and have a great New Year!
Okay seriously bedtime.
Goodnight
I still can't wrap my mind around how rich you two are
FOLLOW ME PLEASE: x6
Wow!
Impressive.
I lost stuff like that about 15 moves ago.
yup, I have gotten it many times
Ladders, hoses, police ...
But I neither see nor smell anything.
Awesome!
Golden Rule, ya know.
:
different one now haha.
Going to need and a not so great video feed to follow the Edgewood College game tonight as the Horeb takes on Waunakee.
I'm starting to wonder if well ever have a permenent bus doctorver?
yeast and sugar free ....yeast overgrowth
buckle up...
Saturday night is going to be HUGE at the Row.
We have a TON of people coming up.
Looking forward to a great night you guys!
Toys For Tots will be in the house, lets bring TOYS!!
your so hard to get noticed by : I still love you thoughh 3
If you can't reach it leave it
whats good buck i was thinking about hot it will be to hear on a beat could you hook that up for us fans?
sounds deliciously Bomb
Do Work!!
FavoriteNickiSong Here I Am Its Pink Friday Takeover Hahaha
which website?
That's AMAZING!
:
I hope the Heat catch the Knicks in the playoffs and somehow NY catches their stride and learns to play.
Never mind.
I thought you were responding to something else.
haha I promise you that you will : lol
is just too funny.
Episode The Map is funny, sweet, compassionate  tribute to Frances Bay.
Great show.
we agree about role of Fed.
NCLB is still causing serious damage, as is RTTT.
we need real reform not corporate style reform.
One thing is for certain: there are PLENTY of beautiful women out there.
If you're not a kind, goodhearted woman, then you ain't all that!
To get your life in Order you must do things in Order...
How does the designated hitter go 0 for 7?
By a show of LIKES, how many people are ready for the weekend?
The light heart lives long.
I'm halfway packed.
Plenty of time before I get in a cab at 5am.
what are you doing?
ha ha ..cra stream.
Gah!
That's the only KB album missing on Spotify!
Trying to work through a hangover is exactly like repeatedly bashing my head against a brick wall.
Happy birthday to one of the realest niggas ever
Haven't tweeted or checked Twitter in days.
What did I miss?

Is spending her prep period outside in the grass.
The only thing you need to do is what you want to do.
Do it!
Now go run Camelback Mountain.
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!!
:
Baby, ima be your motivation.
The trend of slide show rankings or lists is the worst thing to happen to journalism since
I know!
Some friends of mine found him in an old school year book.
Haha.
Good ol' glencoe!
Ok, how cool is this: some seats at Petco Park have a computer that lets Padoctors fans surf the Internet, or order food from their seats!
Saturday morning, cats are fed, wife is back home.
I'm a happy bear.
How about the Chicago posse on TopChef Dominating the cast.
Chicago is the greatest food town in the country.
End of story...
Period!
Thanks to all who ordered my book!
Amazon just shipped it last night.
she's gonna be like follow me 
: By hating on Selena you don't know that you're disrespecting Justin.
Where shall I cruise for cock tonight?
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
To overanalyze the source of aptitudes greatly diminishes the mystery and beauty of all our abilities.
How can you miss someone so bad before they were even in your life...?
yes at Capitol music hall from 47 topic getting business unstuck networking hour first
I'm dying to see ThisMeansWar ...I'm thinking ValentinesDay date with my girlfriends!
I get to go to costa rica next spring break.
woohoo :D
fun concept with Fancru.
I wonder how brands get involved?
Twitter contest begins in two hours for 2 tickets to Sunday's Colts game against Titans!
Cause when you're done with the world, you know the rest is up to you, and for once in my life it was quiet.
Why is the definition of popclickswitch in Arabic?
Is this the sound that twitter makes before it explodes?
Are we being hijacked?
WTF!!
Nice, enjoy!
Having just taken instagram for a spin, I don't see what the fuss is.
I've been using apps that do far more years ago on andoctorid.
Live long and prosper!//RT : Happy Birthday, Spock!
Leonard Nimoy turns 81 today.
RT to spread the cheer!
cincy, lets get it represent
Greg Jamison For me personally it is really exciting
Which Party favors coercive measures like taxation, regulations, mandates?
I seriously think people mistake facebook status updates as their diary
I do it!
I just make sure I'm covered.
Kids gotta eat!
FYI we don't do coaching via twitter.
140 characters of coaching is not what we are about.
Coaching is done on the phone.
In need of a joint
Looks like GOP senators didn't get the message from voters in NY 26.
Scott Brown did by voting no on medicare cuts.
Many may lose in '12.
Only family could tell me what a shame it is that I have such a pretty face but I'm not skinny at all, and not get punched.
Thank you the RTs and mentioning my post
Kids all practicing instruments tonight.
Bass clarinet, euphonium, and piano.
Sweet sounds all around  even if some are not quite notes!
I'll love u right, I will...
I'll love u like no one has ever ever made ya feel..
so what are we doing tomorrow?
No matter what obstacle is in front of you, you should always tackle it head on, or jump over it.
get that juie!
That's great!
Who's your fave Super 8 character apart from Joe Lamb?
Your ex girlfriend and your girlfriend hanging out together?
Oh yeah, that can only be good for you.
Raj
Grassfinshed vs.
Grainfinished...
do you know the difference?
Thank you everyone for all the birthday shoutouts!
lawd that was one of the longest emails EVER!!!
SHUT UP MCCARVER....
The WNBA doctorft
NEW!
LimitedEdition Mary Kay Vinyl Lip Shine The ultimate, ofthemoment women's wear.
Extreme shine.
Glasslike finish.
Lightweight.
You burn an average of 26 calories for everyone minute that you kiss someone
Follow Back ?:
One wing to rule them all!
:p
fighting.
stress.
I've been pretty lazy...
playin Xbox :
Im in Rapids right now  hanging with Rotarians and promoting the book!
Maybe we'll pass each other on Hwy 51 tomorrow.
I get to sit here and do nothing in class all day.
I love my job!!
I swear i meet the most hilarious ppl!
Another crazy Saturday night lined up...get in early and stay late!
Cuz you just don't know when those might come in handy?
RL
I am officially a believer.
Must have 35 years asbestos/toxic tort litigation experience to provide support to attorneys in all phases of asbestos litigation.
All my stalkers was in the club 2 nite wtf I need 2 switch my spot because Mf's b all in my shyt damn.
..smh
Welcome my new followers!
, , , and :
RT : Great to see at for last night's WOSup!
cheap ass store wouldn't me return these headphones.now what
Seems like a blast!
And the runners have flags to grab too.
Love it!
well feel better!
You me and chris are gunna do something next week!
There isn't a single person who thinks that current edu system is working.
cathy davidson paraphrased by
I told her if I change , she won't get a penny.
So yeah, get one of these sweet vinyl for free when you attend our Vinyl Release Show tmister  TheBoweryElectric.
7:30pm doctor w/ special guests
Yup!
Coming to town?
If it's Grape Big League Chew, you're on.
Gotta do a wedding on Sat, taping zee Executioner.
he's just waiting to get the NL right where he wants them...
I really hope the weather is at least doctor for my showing in Tijeras on Friday.
My life would be easier if my buyers loved adobe abodes!
jinx, you owe me a coke mofo
defensive plans are coming together!
You are the best!
Life is like swimming...you think you want to ease yourself in but it's eventually too painful.
Just doctorve in and the shock leaves quickly!
I want you.
im already going home :
alien?!
Ugh I don't know 
Send Music Video submissions to 
As Thanksgiving approaches, get your turkey fill early with a 14.95 3 course turkey dinner at Lillies!
currently working an office deal in NW Houston  any insight to current concessions along NW Fwy?
thanks!
Doesn't complain
Heading to seattle
is that your hair?!?
Speaking on Top Ten Tech Trends for Event Managers at MPI MidAmerica.
Promo video coming tomorrow!
I think you forgot a few of the adlib parts, might want to revise it.
Thanks for the follow, keep spreading beauty!
I get McLachlan'd at LEAST once a week by some unfortunate person
whats your number
LinkedIn professorle  public marketing.
Resume  specifically for role consideration.
Your becoming so Big, so freaking fast!
Ahh, So proud of you!!!
I love you!: 3
Pissssed to the max
Rock it in San Fran MuteMath!!!!!
You guys ROCK!!!!!!!
The spotlight is ours!!!!!!
let's talk bitches comoon
To those staying in Madison for the summer, REGISTER TO VOTE for the June 5th election!
To those of you who aren't, VOTE ABSENTEE!
Thank you for allowing us this opportunity!
Great Program you have!
Hey I love man who's not afraid to show his feelings!
God love Marquise.
There's a line that separates Nike commercials from being inspiring and aspirational to purely depressing.
I have crossed that line.
Who want to Kick it Today I only have three Days Left before I have to be Gone for 4 Months  :
Smash is on tonight!
Getting my jazz hands ready!
LOVE me some song, dance, and Thespian doctorma!

I'm so ugly :  Then why did you upload 120 pictures in an album called...
Me'' ?
You were the one who knew what I was, who I am and who I wanna be.
when u gonna doctorp it?
What u got on it?
Bar mitzvah time with some Phunkers
worlds collide!
plz go follow she follow back ;D
what u havin trouble wit my dude???
I'm lost for words
Testing to see if this tweet also shows up on our Facebook page...
Ladies, some guys are always casting for someone to play the fool, make sure youre not auditioning!
:
Book giveaway when we reach 4000 followers.
Follow to enter to win!
Retweet to spread the word!
Never look down on anybody unless you are helping him up.
Pretty much.
Except you need a AJAX to see it, and their JavaScript !
always working/error free.
So like a corrupted dir!
ha
Hahaha It tired me out too.
Thanks for being a great shrink !
See you girls later!
Absolutely not!!
But I would take him in the upper tier of current QBs.
Not the 2nd tier.
That's just my opinion.
Got up  came to class when I really didn't want to, just to learn we will only b taking a collegewide survey.
Your all dumb idiots.
Plaxico is going to either the yankees or the Knicks
what up Sophy?
I just got this.
I thought u sent it awhile ago.
That idea was on the house so make it happen!!!
When you let an author write his own disclaimer you get, No person, place, or exact situation in this book ever existed on earth before.
Listening to Pink Friday, her best album.
Idk what Nicki was thinking what her new album...
just plain fuckery.
im gonna fail my biology test tomorrow :
Nice1 take your mojo and new beads and work some magic!
I'd love to see what you make.
congrats greg!
And a new battery??
I just don't care about certain things anymore.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous best friend, !
If a Thunder player wants to get in Metta World Peace's head, make sure you take a bungee cord.
The most gorgeous Russian man right in front of me ugh
I can't believe we r still speaking.
Lol.
I have ur email half done.
I just can't focus ling enough to complete it.
3 kids
RT Congrats to AJ!!
You are now a Viking!
All the best my man!
Have a great day folks they got me doctorving the garbage truck today how fun
: He's my best pal.
If anyone says anything bad about him, they'll have to deal with the Greek :
Hamilton park 
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont
Well See you there girly ,  you'll be a sophomore right ?
You know that's my bf right ?
haa .
I predict a tigers 2012 repeat as AL Central Champs
you can't afford school, go work at mc d's?
allowing only people who can pay upfront in the door...
I wish my life had background music playing at all times.
harvest red
Okay...
One half down  UK is up 7.
My prediction is UK wins by 16.
is gonna come back  show out!!
Well Savannah Marie MaestasMolina is calling Angelina Monique Santistevan A LIAR ;b
Went to AAM2012 with an armful of questions.
May not have come back with answers, but at least have better questions now.
Rotfl!
Dude we were so high.
That shit was so much fun.
Yeah that's why I didn't remember fighting it!
I got KO'd
not funny.
The story's in SKELETON CREW.
When I read it, I laughed out loud more than once.b
As rough as ive ever had in a circuit day.
But I want congratulate
that was my choice too, only a few other players have had rookie seasons like his
I mean, they're SO loud.
And they're all like get out of my way, I'm so important all the time.
You are going to feel SO much better!!!
watched stayalive last nite for 100th time.
You were reason I started watching oth ..
thanks for your work in both
we do share a common vision for this area, and we share a common set of values Provost Garber
what happen to are shoot
No blog or website just this twitter account which is new to me.
I do have account at Facebook but I don't use it much.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on beauty:
And H has EoE, so that makes allergies more confusing and complicated.
So there's this Snicker bar that's been hanging in the freezer for...ohh idk...maybe a wk now?
Yeah.
It's mine if it doesn't vanish soon...
Why are you raining on me bloomington!?
totally off topic, but can anyone keep up with ?
She was in tchat before this!
Thanks for listening Jade!!
2012 The M Card Changes Everything.
what do you feel makes better than reg.
discussion boards?
Just ui?
how is your laptop doing?!
NO I AM NOT GONNA CALM DOWN
RT : Italian vintner who asserted to carabinieri that my smashed car was my fault was Signore Innocento.
I think Im the only one who isnt absolutely in LOVE with this pick.
He'll end up as a RT or LG IMO.
RT : you going with bulaga here?
Big announcement coming today
Yeh I've just been more M.I.A.
recently but thanks for checking up on me :
now I'm just trying to get into the fortress of Butler.
I hate the iPhone
: Forgot to mention this sooner but Matt Ryan was pretty special in the second half.
Huge comeback for ATL.
let's just say i'm checking for snares outside of our bedoctorom
Uh oh..
David Stern is not liking that his team is losing this badly.
Nothing makes me more happy than when people tell me I should be on Glee :'
ARGH, if only I had 500 to burn for tolls, hotel and 's Petjapalooza!
I shall get a pick me upper tomorrow.
Hopefully!!!
perusing through submissions.
spitballing page layouts for first issue.
a glass of wine would complement this process.
Feliz cumpleaños RT I'm 31 today.
I'm tattooed in a purple doctorss.
Rain can't touch me.
Hope you all had a nice weekend.
Unless you're trying out being a roller derby girl, tattoo artist, anime character, etc.
I'd hire you!
happy birthday 
About to rock out to some Lucero at cannery and yes there is a lot of plaid
can't wait 4 the weekend
Guys Disgust me they treat they women Like a Logo .
But I can treat em betta Why tha fuck you think Im homo3  Royalty
You're more likely to be elected President of the United States than win the lottery tonight.
It's pretty great seeing simultaneous updates from friends in both Des Moines and St Louis St Patrick's Day parades.
Thanks!
We took cover at work but everything turned out OK.
I guess one touched down 5mi away though.
Yikes!
Had a nice flight with Between the Lines host Godspeed good sir.
embarrassing RT : when you cried when you couldn't go to the mariah concert
At the International Beauty Show at the Jacob Javits Center in NYC
same place huh?
Nothing big.
They just turned in great pages and made a bunch of really smart blackboard comments.
But it made my day.
Don't you just love it when your own family members fuck you over.
I've got my fingers crossed the rumors are true that ABCFamily is interested in TheSecretCircle.
It would be amazing if they were YAY!
:
God can give you whatever you need to make a difference for your new year.
It's 's birthday!
Follow her and tell her how happy you are she was born!
Happy WorldTheaterDay  see a play  support the
u finally told my brother?
.......
At leAst my brother doesn't post the conversation on Facebook like urs did to me .
lol
Amidst the busiest I've been as a filmmaker, I'm about to launch a brand new company with my wife.
It has nothing to do with film.
Soon!
IAlwaysWonderIf your thinking about me.
going shopping tomorrow : so excited 
Appreciate everyone that came out today
SMSC Strengthens Consumer Electronics Connectivity Leadership with Digital Broadcasting Radio Relationship
fighter pilot after crashing his fighter jet into a building, I'm sorry I landed in your backyard sir.
Belated but still most sincere Tx for SO's this past week.
Just cathing up but wanted to say HI and TX
Ok...
Haha I'm bored, just got back from the TriCities.:
I saw a lot of Bum Bitches at the Zoo today
Reserve game day!
and we'll really live it up...
Why does the login page of twitter look so professorssional.....?
on my way!!!
I'm about a half hour away from getting to mifflin.
yup!
as designed.
haha.
How are those resolutions coming along?
We can help!
125 Jet peel, Microcurrent and LED 99 IV Therapy
Good one here....
Call her beautiful, not hot.
She's a woman, not a temperature.
Hey all my California friends!
Looking for recommendations on hotels near San Diego.
I just touched down back at home...
And I'm bored.
Love Your Freedom, Thank A Vet
Just doctorve pass a nigga cuttin grass at midnight....lmao
I'm going out tonight with the crew.
I'm doctornking Gatorade in preparation.

the Library: we close in 15 minutes!
yay!
thanks to all the saturdaylibrarians who entertained me today.
Couples haircuts, lunch  Moby Dicks, a mantinee, a little window shopping...what's next?
Just as I have said with your personal Font book if you have a smart phone, you should have Pantone swatches with/on you.
Thx!
: RT : Interesting how despite the fact that change is the only thing we can count on that we're also...
We need all of the help we can get tomorrow for Easter!
If you can help volunteer just show up at 9am!!
Thrilled to be launching into 's talk, Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy.
do you need soy sauce with that brown rice?
yellow fever line
What a great way to start my day.
Cartoons, Lucky charms,  no one home as always to bug me.
Life'sGood
Crabtree?
RT : Woodson?
RT Nick is the 2nd most tattooed player on the Packers.
Who's got more?
Colledge?
alex says it too..thats where i got it from lololololol
Hawks better beat Toronto tonight or else I'm punching babies!
Chilling on my roof as soon as I get home :
small headache..
bord at the house
Am I seriously crying?
THATS A SENSORY TABLE
WORST GAME EVER.
Unfortunately u could do better then that
I just sent you an email, Dan :
I also take credit for saving the auto industry.
I am starving!
Does anyone know of a good place to eat lunch at?
I'm getting real cranky without food in my belly!
I feel like going to Grandma's.
So.
Nurse sent me home cause if my eye.
Doctor at 11
Today is Fr1Day :
I am planning on staying another year where I live  attending college in fall I really have a desire to get my degree have 66 sem hours
feels like that's right Cindy.
we are aghast!
But we understand  desperate times call for desperate measures :

hey Jesse, thanks for following us
hahahahahaha I have no more tests!
Producing life in arms new single for Japan...
Then get busy and do it sir :
Pretty box is sexy but what yall think bout designer vagina?
Just saw CitW today and it was a hoot.
Maybe even a hoot and a half!
RT : and more have representatives attending this Saturday's build!...
Been noticing it in the kiwi as well.
I know, and I found out WAY too late about that box set AND record store day.
yeah I am, BIG time, like it's all hitting me like a ton of bricks full force.
:/
that's too funny...their top center down and two rookies are their best players...but it's the coaches fault...smh
What of cell phones were circles?
You are my hiding place and my shield; I hope in Your word.
Psalm 119:114
I prefer Sparrowburger...
a little less gamey.
It's getting terribly predictable that he can pivot many times per jumpstop.
RT Would love to get clarification on how ...
Nice one Correia.
Ugh.
Wow, i'm really glad u like it!
i really appreciate ur amazing support!!!
:
today my Birthday ...
so far i hate it but can u plz follow me
Love your web PAC landing page
Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace.
Psalm 37:37
Achievement results from work realizing ambition  Adam Ant
HA!
or The Voice
.
Panhandler sitting by your front door can't be good for business.
And I kno, we need get all fucked up like good old times.xD you got me used to doctornking.c,:
Hubby loves his camera and hipstamatic, and I shoot on boring old iPhone camera
I have...a....nvm I don't have anything;
If Utah loses both the Suns are in without needing to beat San Antonio.
I'm not scared of the fall.
I've hit the ground before.
Half price doctornks from 78:30 if you say Habersham to the bartender when you come in.
It's our socialmedia special!
Thanks, you too!
vaumc11 Pensions report and recommendations: Once again, thankful for gifted detail people.
Where can I find your work at??
worst day ever:
Atlanta in March, and I have the A/C on.
Huh?
it makes me feel creepy all over
i love silly romance movies haha
Brangelina has got engaged!
Did you stop by the Student Services Fair today?
What did you think?
Were you lucky enough to score some freebies?
soon to be 18!?
Benson Honda Having Trouble Keeping Honda CRVs On Their Lot
and I don't have credit to text back
well he used to listen to aaron carter and lil bow wow religiously so tell him to get over himself haha
Samplesaint is currenlty working on deals with several major retailers to offcer great money saving coupons.
More to come soon
What's your gate code Ma?
I'm here
Bottom line is you the finest gave you a new name my bitch
Do people get heart cancer?
If there ever was a heaven on earth it was New Orleans.
If there never was a heaven on earth Imma make it New Orleans
on this William Shatner party: This is what death is like.
Traffic signals not working at southbound I225/Colfax offramp.
I read mostly kindle books on my kindle fire, but have both nook and kindle apps on the iPad, as well as a few others
but wait, hercules and love affair is amazing.
now playing Black keysthe only one
BestPerformanceEver the joker in batman
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
After a day off reading  writing in La Crosse, we biked on the Great River Trail through Trempealeau National Wildlife reserve.
Damnn..
My mom just texted me to tell Me what da judge said ..
If he fucks up again at the rehab he gettin 5 years in jaill..
Damn.
Bad news bears :/
We're having too much fun to tweet.
I wish I liked coffee...
actually it's really shitty I would start puking
Throughout integrating science and art and their native cultures.
Using a Who Am I?
scienceculturelanguageart approach
Just took my dog out in a silk bath robe that looks like a kimono, a puffy north face jacket, and two right foot flip flops.
Why can't I make my bg a gif image, twitter?!
Ah!
I need to go to sleep but not tired yet!
Lol I tried SHOULDERSHINE  TOETAPPY together!
Not too hard!
Lol its fun!
: The fear of suffering is worst than suffering itself TheAlchemist ah......
Thanks to everyone who hung out with me on Ustream tonight!
Had a blast : 3 you all!
Chris
Not 100 sure that's what it was.
There were ticks, flulike symptoms,  antibiotics.
Erred on the side of caution.
Likewise, thank you!
We're launching our new website and private beta with colleges and organizations next month.
hit my line jo i cant find u in dha hotel fo nun bro
I am happy that avoided full flash sites.
good context for church bank debacle; missed the angle about the role of the mother church; nice job though
ha!
Not exactly.We did more walking than running since we were with a group walking/running for a charity.
Next yr I'm running!
Rushing only really saves you around 4 or 5 minutes.
lol
Scandal  I love good television writing.
Say what you want about the WWE,1000 episodes is damn impressive for fake rasslin'!
I started watching it when it was the regional WWWF.
Anyone interested in writing my religion 331 paper for professorCain?
Any takers?
the ankle wasn't even associated with the ladder...hahaha
aint that the truth!
Well everybody at CG is never themselves so thats probably why their not out
Score 2113.
Rivers and company have 2:19 to score again before going into halftime.
those were the retweets by peter king yesterday...wish you were back in KC
Top o tha mornin to ya!
:
Me without you, that sounds impossible.
Ok tweeters..
I guess I'll announce the news now rather than later...are you ready ?
Five Great Things To Do In Kazakhstan  Guest Travel Writers
I would like to announce that I have accepted the General Manager position at smart wrap in Phoenix Az.
I am there!
mkebrunch RT : Sounds perfect!
RT Sunday in 5 words: Brunch, flea market, Mad Men.
lmao.
good stuff
Congrats, Amy!!!
great pics, beautiful!
Mike and Mike acted like teenage girls who didn't get their way.
Bo was all class/professorssional.
And with diabetes in particular, dietary changes and exercise can go a long way toward helping to ameliorate its symptoms.
Are you irish cuz my penis is Dunlin!!.
Lol
; I hope you get better ;
Killer Q Guitar Straps is now on Twitter!
I love this girl
Happy Belated Birthday Christopher, I can't believe your 27, weird!
Cook For Your Mom, and For The Cure, This Mother39;s Day
Im back yaaaah
Four mile sunrise run on the beach of Tel Aviv  not a bad way to start the day!
RT : I thought the Bedlamites were actual monkeys in disguise.
When I win the lottery, the first quilting thing I'm going to buy is my own quilting store  the cadillac of Berninas!
only on a phone or other sort of mobile device though?
I will actually be in Chicago for a few days after Christmas I will make sure I give you a ring:
he learned from the best, what an idiot
I can't wait hopefully I can get to one of the shows
Follow the infamous
Back to work tomorrow :.
leaving for south by so what!
i cant wait to see oh.
and little random fact, i cannot doctornk a whole 40 of steel reserve.
Just won a free boquet of flowers from in NYC.
Woot Woot!
hahah, we should start producing songs
Time to chat , who do you think Wins the show next week?
I don't think my mother has ever truly appreciated my sarcasm.
She can blame my father for that one.
Go Big Blue!!!
That's so nice!
love to hear that.
:: Thanks, Ralph!
To those at school today....
Enjoy
I was wrong  CCD enrollmentbygrade data are actually two years old.
RT RT : : no solution to the problems of the Nuba w/o connecting it to the war in Darfur 
Thanks, I'll pass that along to him!
So im sitting at tge bar in this thai restaurant and i feel like the bartender is really cool...but i have no idea what she's saying to me.
I'll be there!!
Love.
Love is the beginning, middle and end.
Such inspiring words for a soap dish.
i hear you.
Glad these games sandwich my son's own 2 games today.
Otherwise, would be complete couch action here too.
Gym Class Heroes tix every afternoon this week w/ HINT: today's giveaway is between 34pm..
text me nikka
GB day : bestfriends for 15 years!
I feel truly honored to have these girls in my life.
Seconded.
RT : On the stereo: 's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
haha.
is that a polite way of saying you are a jerk?
My mentions are dead!
talk to me!!
about anything.
Today honestly couldn't get worse
keep it up!
RT : Hundoctords gathered to tell that we want them to put people over professorts
Thank you feel free to follow
damn right son.
Hope you've learnt not to date girls that are GU.
I want to know I've taught you something!!!!
it's about time you hit the employee store!
hey were having a party on Saturday you should come
was cut day the beach episode?
she should have totally taken us with her!
lol
Crazy, right?
Follow for Follow!
:
SHOUT OUT?
the nba is 99.5 black people.
perfect :
Abs and thighs so tight right now, fEels so good!
Now what's for lunch???
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
Bertrand Russell
I'm going to go wash my hands for the last 10 minutes
you wish
were did the love go?
Lottery officials said early Saturday morning the winning 640 million ticket was sold in
Fuck the Capitals.
pass der like three times in my life but never been der but always been curious on how it looks inside
Its almost friday :
Just heard about Schimmel.
The man beats cancer and then BANG...
car crash.
You never can tell.
Life may be weird, death is weirder.
No idea how is going to survive 4am2pm retail shift followed by 6pm6am police shift.
christmasmiracle ?
Happy 26th Birthday
ChampagneMarathon TONIGHT Djs/LIBRAS/ Ladies ALL FREE before 11pm!!
Come party at 618liveonwater YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS!!!
Summer is quickly approaching.
If you eat Fit2Go and read this article on 5 Minutes to Flat Abs you will be ready in no time!...
give thanks
Love me some twitter...
with these three words, I am Inspired!
Thanks, Jonathan!
Your Annual Report is my creative reading content this afternoon.
Its not whether you get knocked down; its whether you get up.
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
I just got the coolest Plan B skateboard from A1skateboards.com.
Check out their skateboards.
I hate when guys say will you go out with me like where are we going out to
RT : I'm looking at nabbing another podcasting rig Rebel T2i with an EFS 1755mm f/2.8.
What do you guys think?
Physics  Isha Home Insurance
I find the history confusing...
AdBusters coined OWS, AFAIK.
Where did anarchists come in?
Or was that AdBusters's angle?
Only two weeks into season and already beleaguered well describes RedSox manager Bobby Valentine.
does anyone on here use skype?
Childhood is like being doctornk, everyone remembers what you did, except you.
not sure
Thai big ass block you have for a phone
I have finally understood what it means to step into my creation.
Today I have taken that step .
Let's Go Mavs!!!
Lay the smack down on LA!
I may not be the prettiest girl around but I sure am a sight for sore sore eyes .
Watch out , my sister is bringing her inlaws to Madison shortly!
Wish we were joining!
realtalk RT : Say no to doctorgs.
Say yes to tacos.
We all have setbacks in our yesterdays.
But your past doesnt define your future.
Today is a new day.
don't be so defensive.
She was making a fair point about larger discussions.
Not just you.
good morning mermaid fans!!!
If you were a mermaid what would you be doing todyay??
I know I would be in th Carribian Sea frolicing
you guys make some awesome pickles!
24 weeks isn't soon enough!
Thank you, I hope you have a fun filled weekend!
It's either that or Jerseylicious.
RT : Bulls at Knicks.
Rose is back.
Do I dare watch this?
Go donate some money, go follow them, go like their Facebook page and listen to their mother fucking music!
oyyyee papiii!
come get a little closer..
and bite me en la boca ;
Hoping a little HotChip and EddieVedder will get me going this morning.
Coffee isn't working.
I wonder how big the supermoon is going to be
All u gtta do is say da magic word
WATS UP?
:D
shout out to the birthday boy
RT : I noticed Shaunie never talk her business on Bbw Nope sho don't
NGD was such a success this year that next year we're adding another room!
Thanks to sponsors  for the great support
S/O to the new follower.
:
MI people: you can all thank me.
Florida liked me so much, it followed me home.
:
No, I would not like you to straighten my hair in the middle of the mall.
FF local business groups
Who I'm following and/or would like to be followed by:
140 characters.
Seriously?
I've got luggage tags that are longer than that?
Does that mean I have to write without vowels?
Grt.
interesting question.
my solution so far has been to send people to other sources to verify.
haven't thought about internal change
Thank you very much Alli!
We are honored.
Hope to see you again soon.
thanks for the RT lady!
then that is what you must do.
Go forth my child!
;
It's difficult to innovate when it takes 5 years to change course Scot Copeland
Everyone...don't forget to vote today.
It may be a primary but it will sure set the tone for the general election in June.
Thank you for providing me right.
You only wanted to be with Emery.
I never ignored you.
Honesty is the best policy.
Team Thomas received a warm and welcoming response from residents in Langston/Carver.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
West End 2153 tonight w/ Such Gold.
See you there.
they plot to band together to battle my cats
Bizforum my fav aspect is 's I'm up to something grin
I listened to all 14 of 's tracks in one sitting and didn't realize it...without fast forwarding...so refreshing
Will you stop saying you like a song's tempo until the chorus kicks in.
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE!!!
Another speaker announced  Jaime Simler, Deputy Director, Office of Energy Market Regulation, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
Tommy wrap party!!!
Maggiano's Little Italy at The Grove!!
RT : Q5 What are some ways an org could use curation to enhance learning and performance?
YAY!!
Thank You I would love to hear Live it Up by Lee DeWyze, Fade into Me by David Cook and A doctoram of My Own by ToHaveHeroes!
Just waved at a car that i thought was ....
It wasnt...
X
RT : The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
I would if I didn't have an 8 hr shift ahead of me........................
Imagine me banging my head on the seat
I love how when I retweet to much, twitter stops functioning properly for me.
What are meetup groups and tweetup groups just wondering???
They rock!!
RT : So are now playing the , Podstar, Touchdowns show at The Bottleneck.
Nice.
If you're not watching 's analysis of this important health care decision on CNN, you're missing really important insight.
Blessed to see another day!
thanks for following!
British accents, fascinating.
Australian accents, extremely annoying.
Identify the physical hazards associated with animal control and their protective measures .
YES, there is a guy walking around in a hot dog suit
Welcome to Rip City, !
Mitt Romney has won Iowa by 8 votes.
amazing.
lol!
thx for the s/o 
Apple's iPhone 5 release date will be...
Computerworld
Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
todays not just an emotional day for austin, this is effecting us mahomies too, seeing austin living out his doctoram brings me to tears.
Don't forget my special of 10 off your bottle of A.C.E.
now through December 19th!!
That's 50 instead of 60!!
Off to Wild Waves and Sky High soon!
Gonna be a blast with all my friends, I can't wait!
3
S/o to we live in da kitchen jus me nd my BAND...all up in 950
Dont miss on the Peoples Choice Awards Wed Night on CBS
Off to school:/ hope it goes good almostfriday!:
Thanks for the outstanding realtime commentary of the actual events taking place  LCD last nite...what a RAD show!!!
Learning to be content in all situations.
Not accepting all, but appreciating and growing.
because the NL can't afford dedicated pinch runners on their rosters like AL teams can.
NL has more subs due to no DH.
Hey there.
Good to see you on here.
I trust you will feel right at home.
I just wish it was summer already.
Jenny promised to introduce me to stamos!
Faint.
Clunk.
Fail!
Attention World: I am wearing a skirt.
That is all.
They don't sound at all like Smog, but they're good.
Baths and Julia Holter also come to mind for youexperimental ambient stuff.
Out with the girlies : can you say movie night?!
Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK.
Listening to the song Boyfriend by Justin Bieber!
Ricky, that must be interesting for the religious fanatics and ATHEISTS.
thanks for the FF, back at you!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Caribou Coffee  Coffee Shop
If I'm Kobe I'm saying fuck it and I'm shooting every time I get the ball!
Cant wait to see that DUMP!!!
Other than the Red Seats, the place is uncomfortable and Sucks!!
Especially RF Grandstands
I'm literally way too excited that has a twitter.
merntttt camouflage hohosandchocomilk dangerranger I took it too far.
hope you enjoyed the songs you did hear tho!
I really don't want to go to school today.
Or SAT prep.
Or doctorvers ed.
would you be interested in getting away from Verizon, and getting your cell phone service for free ?
Christopher / 602.573.4157
RT On the 9:3011 Eastern BBTN, send in your answer to this question: Does a Web Gem have to be an out?
/
byyyyyyeee Tara!!!
We will miss you!
CLIPPER POST GAME on if or out: Collectively we're going to rally around 'em and make it happen
You just missed it my friend.
79 was number.
ok for sure ..
ill hit you when I'm outa work
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
When I die, friends will go to my funeral, some will cry, but my best friend will change my facebook status to Chilin'' with Jesus.
Think everyone is missing the point on Coach Weber.
Illini declined coincided w removal of the Chief, no?
Facebook game developer hanging out with people with nonsmartphones at smart restaurant.
Germantown police investigating body found in pond
Omg this class needs to be over!
haha I just read that to ev and she says 'and at lovely evelyn' ;
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
It's 10:00 a.m.
and Michigan STILL sucks.
Thanks a lot!
Walk by everyday and wonder what's going on, one other thing, and movement in the 912 area on Euclid?
thanks!
She really bought them to my house
YES!!!!
GO DARTMOUTH AIRES!!!
Excited about this collab with , things are starting to get rolling slowly but surely.
Google and Facebook DC policy offices are headed up by former GOPers
one thing to consider.
Though Brazil is also a large country 8 to 9 teams are in SP and Rio.
Only an 8 hr doctorve by bus
I'm from bufu Wisconsin, so take it with a grain of salt : But honestly, I can't handle that humidity.
Time for acting !
:
Very nice Shubert played in class today, very soothing :
doctoramt I was locked in over night in Saks 5th Avenue.
Wet doctorams are so fabulous ;
I'm not clumsy.
It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way.
Guess we'll have to get you some  what could we send you?
Thx ladies
Sometimes a little Godsmack and White Zombie is needed to get ya through the last 20 of the workout
oh hey, MK didn't realize you remembered my name!??
Lots of survival camping, huh?
That can be brutal on a relationship.
You mean the head over heels is honest or they suddenly get honest ?
Yesterday it was too much chocolate.
Today, too much yard work.
What will Monday bring?
True story.
Too fat.
RT : If I were the type to run a bath, which I'm not,...
Unfortunately I don't fit in tubs
GREASE LIGHTENING OH GREASE LIGHTENING
I need new followers.
Way, way, way to nice to go to school today.
Nice enough to ditch : 
Singleply tissue is a sucka move ReallyMom?
Digital means allow citizens to participate in government as collective action rather than ossified institutions
Awesome I can't wait!
Happy 100th birthday to Polish rescuer Wladyslaw Miazgowicz.
On July 6, 2011, he became an Honorary citizen of Israel.
Interested in PublicArt in Baltimore.
Hear some of the story today, 2 pm 330 N Howard Street.
No problem!
I'm really excited about it.
When peopl ask me to burn them a CD ..I always put some krizzle tracks on there
Laying in bed, watching the ceiling fan go round.
My only real day off of my vacation.
Wild Wings for a mothers day dinner of chasing Ryan thru the parking lot
yea bro we gonna be there
That hansel is just so hawt right now
The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them.
Jim Rohn
Mixing the next installment of the latest album Afternoon Alchemy...
Audio clips to follow!
no way!
I love them.
I'm more of an Arsenal fan.
Best team ever.
:
remember me slipping and falling in the locker room
sun is shining  the weather is sweet
Happy Monday!
Enjoy this 3 Minute Energy Boosting Breath and Posture Exercise from !
WCG's cache coordinates annonced today!
at NOON.
stay tuned!!
Why do u have a fake accent like you're from dublin when u really sound like a broke leprocan?
U're not irish
nah is more muslim based
let me know if u made it threw once it has passed.
I'm gone pray for ya!
Is that better?
Lol
Highly pissed, they should put a limit on how much you can order in doctorve thru line.
Somebody just ordered all they kids food.
In a perfect world, sure.
:/ RT : can we trade in all these hating, ignorant humans for fresh, happy versions?
you are so funny, this place is all me!!!
Not you.
Hahaha
Last day of 2011, thank God for all your blessings!
thank for the props!
I wonder what alexis fed him..
happy birthday
The moment when you use toilet paper and a little chocolate chip cookie is left on your fingers
I heard the Soul Rebels are around the corner from me.
I'm at Berry Park spinning FunkHip Hop.
North 14th and Berry street.
LOL!
They have to have enough time between the finals.
But I hear ya.
I like how you love soccer :
Ha a nightmare.
People broke into my house.
I called 911.
Police never showed up.
I escaped.
My house blew up.
And I lost my phone...
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Mahatma Gandhi
Bernanke says policymakers have been focusing on refinancing borrowers, loan modifications, and ways to prevent foreclosures.
Well that sucks cuz your bff just told me I was beautiful ;
Don't fuck with me.
Runnin on E today.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold
catching up with new Design Matters hadn't tuned in since Empire State Building.
Are votes tallied to bring monologs back?
He was in the distance LMFAO what kinda amateur call out was that!!!!
I cry my eyes out laughing at your stream!
SEM10 Shona dance workshop last night at welcome reception.
Super fun.
Although I came close to accidentally slapping a bunch of ladies.
nw girl positive...
LMN stay playing this movie I've seen it like 5 times
are you moving back?!
or just visiting?
birthdaysex is on the radio ;
Poll: In the upcoming presidential election...
who will you be voting for?
Obama or Romney?
Post your answer in the comment below!
I.HATE.MARVIN.WILLIAMS.
Go Hayden Panettiere!
Speading the word about DCs lack of voting rights and hosting a fundoctoriser tonight at Cities.
Glad to hear you enjoyed the exhibit!
Are you serious?!
We've got two new books in the very beginning of the editorial stage this part is fun!!
I have to respect Kobe's numbers.
But as a person.
RT NIB was established in the conviction that stories lead us to new insights about relationships, events, meaning, and behavior
Just had an amaze girl catch up night!
no names please ;
alright I got a soccer game at 7 it should last an hour!
So ur buying tonight
the heart does not feel or sense love, the brain does.
that right there's how you know i'm a realist and do not romanticize..
Video/Audio from Wakefield Center for the Arts coming soon!
so is glee!!!
What Is Going On In The World?
Lol
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Max De Pree
hate this new tweetdeck...I have trouble navigating around it :P All is well here!!
countdown to our kickstarter campaign's end!
What do I know of You Who spoke me into motion?
Where have I even stood But the shore along Your ocean?
Did Darling Niki and Westley hook up last night?
They had a date.
She got home..
late..
??
I hope they dish the dirt on our blog soon!
For now, I'm saving them for enjoying a beer or glass of wine.
They have the most histamine.
Hoping w/ US exposure, price will doctorp.
Giving a shout out to our new followers!
Welcome!
I hope my mom enjoys her birthday gift, spoiled brat.
thanks for the mention, stay tuned for our daily features posted next!
Have a great day  hope to see you again soon.
food courts gonna take a hit....too soon?
lol that's horrible..
waystomakemehappy nice weather, good music, great sex
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG 
I can't wait to get outta school and get this hair cut boiii
Okay seriously!?
Who is thinking about me?
Because my nose has been itching nonstop for the past hour!!!!!!!!
Girls gotta eat am I right!!
I feel like I haven't listened to Mayday Parade since the show.
They tell my life stories.
Our referral program offers you BIG discounts on your printing.
Never pay full price for printing again!!
www.print1media.com
RT Just watched incredible video by Spring Luncheon.
I'll post the link for you later!
Dang!
Already?
That's fantastic.
great season man, shout out from the hometown
Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Pike County until 01:30 PM
Strategies to put in place to motivate the GenY workforce.
Key takeaways: inspire and reward:
According to my Mitusbishi Mirage is a actual Mirage must have been the doctornk pixies flown him home all those times :
we have sponsorship and investors opportunities provide maximum visibility for your company or product.
The 2nd Annual Atlanta...
That's a big tease, Lilia  tell us more!
Oh Hahaha I hope your ok!
:
What's everyone doing for New Years Eve?
I can't believe this year is almost over.
I know I say that every year.
I know how it feels, believe me I've been there.
Those two videos are my friend and I.
More to come soon!!
Much more than telecommuting, it includes flex leave, flex, time, flex careers, flex place and phased retirements.
RT : Live in DC?
Don't forget to support the DC state society!
Follow us at
yep!
Packing today.
Can't believe it's already here
Karla Chisholm is MOVING ON November 29th at Blues Alley in Washington DC!
Mark your calendars and stay tuned for more info!!
Yay I get to study all night on my birthday!
When will this school year end
If guys had periods, They'd brag about the size of their tampons..
No problem, I guess they are expecting rain!
I was so happy!
alas our wood ppl r in US.
But we've had good luck spending less if white oak, good underlay  no h20 wash
Battle of the bands SATURDAY!
Sorry guys:
I'm over the expirament
You know whats really fucking embarrassing?
When you reach for the straw and oh wait..
its not there.
Elite 8 here we come SNHU
I know its awesome!
Thanks for feedback!
Made late donation to telethon in Dutchs memory.
It didnt get on air, but feeling it will make radio Sunday
but you're writing some sweet stuff.
i'm waving from across the lake.
Having lived here forever, I know that right about now, half of WNY has them inked for the Superbowl already.
A Thousand Miles makes me smile.
I love it 3
Agent29 secret service for Broncos Defense!
Welcome!
See you there!
thts awesome!
Guy bestfriends are cool :p
no no I officially give up now :, my trolling days are over
At 11:08, sands are running through O's hourglass to sign  1 pick Dylan Bundy.
No matter how it plays out, this system sucksit'll change.
section 116 disapproves of your song selection!
Great work!
RT  new england Patriots
If you could only see the world threw my eyes, you'd understand why I'm so scared.
Haha.
That's what you think.
yougotitcoming justwait loves ya!
aye.....Happy Sunday1!!
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS AND WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF A SOUTHERN DIVA!!!
Weed for weapons: The newest deal in Nancy's life in this week's episode of Weeds.
are u gettin some rest now boo
One direction can't fuck with Beiber still lol.
No one needs to hear this more than the carriers: : YOU CAN'T HAVE A PLATFORM WITHOUT A STRONG API STRATEGY.
Kerry Bailey
And what you make is fantastic!
Timmy T!
no.
Everyone KNOWS your the next star!
That is a weird problem.
My guess is no.
Thanks, but the dissertation is done and being presented!
Love the topic.
trying to show up me and my pickles, eh??
Heehheeeeh.
Second Twitter is now in action.;
Karate kid in for Tevez.
listening to Crane and Briana
just watched EasyA again, U are awesome in that movie Aly 3
today, you were missed!
I hate when I buy something then the next day it's on sale :/
Consolidating Twitter accounts...
Follow
I was under the impression Philadelphia fans were the only fan base that enjoyed Nickelback.
Also, the PDX Duck Store will offer a 25 discount on all BCSlogoed gear this Saturday and Sunday.
Corner of NW Couch and Naito Parkway.
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
lmaoo so I've been told;
always keep looking forward
No cat boat, , but I do have a catio.
U made me LOfreekinL
Thanks for the follow Kelly!
Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas...say hello to everyone!
walked into the plastic surgeon office and she told him BIGGGGGAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmao dat shit go N big brah!!!
EPK time:p
I left gateway beers behind a long time ago.
Need a reason to crack open a bottle of Dark Lord
I was at that show too!
They've melted my brain every time I've seen them.
Amazed I can still function.
Yep.
View from my room.
That's the river.
:
How do you change free agency so what happened to Cleveland doesn't continue to happen to teams especially small market teams?
Dude call me!
Come on brah..
surprise!
BOOMING THUNDER
Yes indeed!
Great memory  hope to reconnect this year at CMWorld in Columbus.
Composer's printed breath marks are not the only places he/she wants singers to breathe.
For their own sake they should be more specific.
ohsnap Love how always puts his hands right next to his microphone when he claps.
i don't like it either!
I was so excited when i bought it and it was nothing i expected it to be.
They changed the name of captainin America to The First Avenger in S Korea.
Change it to Chris Evans Full Frontal Nudity  I'll watch.
Long week.
Taking a break swimming with xavier
WordPress Tools AIM Online Status Indicator  Let your readers know if youre online.
whatever shows your girls off more.
Job hunting in Chicago.
jealz  have fun!
Headin to Miller Park with my boy // first stop Slim McGinn's //
Is it Leap Year or is it Hump Day?
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
I say I deserve a couple of gifts for getting through these last two weeks: 1.
My darth vader bag, 2.
The last sookie stackhouse novel
What in the world is that?!
Haha
Never give to much of your heart away to soon, cause if they can't get a tight enough grip on it they can't break it...
Thanks, Amy and you're welcome.
Happy new year everybody
Its a shame that the last hip hop song about MLK was made in the 80's.
Their too busy talking about jewels, money, and whatever.
who will be gone?
Just reserved my ticket for live!
Tom, the margarita is not exactly great in the first place.
Hence, novelty beer  wasted.
We are a religious nation, and why not act like a Christian Bryan?
Your persecution of everyone who is not, is not Christian.
Good morning y'all !!
Today was a bad day.
This was a bad weekend.
A new day and a new week starts now.
Yes, it is.
Just back from staying in hospital with a friend this week.
It's hard to RT in the no cell areas.
!ill catch up.
Huge fan of
The hyrax can do anything.
They are amazing.
Order my book Soul Solace  win a free advertisement for a month, within TBR TheBradfordoctorview!!
Busbys right now!
Clearing up the rumors my weightloss is the healthy way  it's an insult to go around saying it wasn't when I worked my ass off.
but idgaf
is anyone surprised?
What an AWESOME day!
Thanks, G!
Hey Glenn.
I would so the PA duties at the Hall.
Can't believe you are thinking about going to kickball?
The proud gator alum you are.
Love waking up to something rising....
The sun that is!
;
call: westbrighton sperm bank, you squeeze it we freeze it
thats so exciting!
Im so proud of u
: LOVE!
So awesome of you, lady!
gl fish I'll be there after the gym
Seriously, how can they cancel Kings?it's brilliant.
JFG students Academy served 369 meals during a cancer symposium.
JESUS'S name is above every name, including depression, fear,suicide, heart break, betrayal etc....
use his name in prayer daily!
Sounds like excuse, but that was edited in and then removed.
I just sent in city names  Tampa, SF, etc.
Nice catch, thnx!
WA state has 8 companies on the 2012 Fortune 500 list: Costco, Microsoft, Amazon, Paccar, Starbucks, Nordstrom, Weyerhaeuser, and Expeditors
contemplating switching the f and g keys on my husband's laptop just to see how long it takes him to figure it out.
3 you sweetie.
Too true.
I had to break up with my last agent because he didn't do much at all.
Bummer.
Sailor Moon was my only reason for the video store when I was little
I am hoping he is being an obnoxious troll.
Can't content like that get him the permabanhammer?
Ruben's a sexy name;
Theory: The British English I do not recognize is probably insulting me.
follow me?:
Hahahah good times.
There's still time to get yourself in the OR Ballroom to hear La Pearl  Co.
but filling up fast.
run 4 a chair
Another brewer injury smdh....
look forward to hearing it!
You woke up this morning for a reason.
So keep pushing.
Am I the only one that feels good when I don't have to rely on my mom for money and shit?
What?
I was ready to bust out the Welcome home CLMG sign!
Shutup about NameAFollowerYouSmashed .
Not a big deal, we all know no one is gonna do it.
: really glad you like it!
Like aviation?
Stay tuned for more at the Mesa Historical Museum this fall!
well...I hope not.
But there have been notorious March snowstorms in Virginia.

blink slam coffee write a bunch of awesome crap
haha yeah right
Thanks for the follow !
: No probelm, and thank you!
Haha no way.
though i am still bummed i never made it on rock of love.
On today's show we'll be asking relationship advice columnist about her novel The Singles  taking calls at 18773018790.
It's a lik to late to say that your Sorri now!:/
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH  Follow me please .
NEVERSAYNEVER 
I like how you do all this on your couch.
You're right, quintuple threat!!
oooohhhh yeaahhhh!!!!
been waiting for this shiznit for a minute!!!!!!
excellent, thanks for the map!
We're 85 sure that Henry Rollins is opening for Dinosaur Jr.
tonight at the BUT.
Because North County doesn't have enough meatheads.
Yup  we know.
Just offering something different, and people can come by after the Shinedown show.
Thanks for the follow  Hope to see you at Bollywood America in April :
i cant wait to take a shit on A fancy toilet!
I think tomorrow will bring some good news, a new opportunity.
And then to Colorado for a long weekend the day following.
i want more followers u have alot:/
Found 300 while packing.
Looks like the Universe is either A no longer amused by kicking my ass or B taking a well deserved coffee break.
Metro Center its Ficelle Day!
GARBAGE out garbage IN!
I stay POSITIVE and keep it clean AROUND me!
Get it out of your glove, Ramirez...come on.
Only if the other singles are cute!
I did!
I'm in LA...
I finally decided to settle down here!
I've been back and forth LA to the Bay for years...
LA is home now.
Haha, thanks.
Us runners need to stick together.
Duh!
I work, travel, sleep, eat : RT : We all get that you smoke a lot of weed.
Do you do anything else?
Always thankful for you!:
Tryin to match in the morning?
:.
All the best
How about AmericanPotassiumIsSuperior ?
Seriously, what is up with that?
I was disappointed too.
Monday World Cup Madness!
Starting at 7am  Chile vs Switzerland.
At 11:30am  Spain vs Honduras.
At 6:30pm  Portugal vs N.
Korea
too much more of tweets like that and I'm gonna be forced to doctorp the unfollow hammer
congrats to all the JMU kids that are graduating today!
you are well prepared for the next chapter  go forth and conquer the world!
Are guys ever capable of being just friends or do they play that role until they actually admit they like you?
Took a nap.
I often wonder why my CatholicGuilt is so mean and won't leave me alone!
Think Like A Man was HILARIOUS!
it all sucks.
Dear Portland, our friends will be playing tonight at the Doug Fir!
Hey HUB followers!
Check out our boss lady's tweets
Henny n Coke in my cup thats what the fucks up
I just cried my eye balls out but eyes don't give af
likes to reinforce peoples assumption that im gay by tweeting things like that
RT : If you replicate a data center hairball in the cloud, you'll replicate your costs  Z.Nelson at London's BusCloudSummit
Reserves right to use ROY award as leverage in arguments about his current talent.
Join us at the Menaul Baillio's for Cookoff, Orbit, Isotope ticket giveaway, hot dogs  HUGE Clearance.
See ya there!
If you hurt a Cancer's feelings, be prepared to apologize.
If not, you are shut out of their world completely.
Check us out CyberStationUSA.com
: The most powerful element in advertising is the truth.
William Bernbach
appreciate that fam
Wow, did Apple just take a page from the Playbook and add bezel gestures?
Kind of a sluggish track workout, but hadn't done interval sprints in over two months.
I'll take it.
So tell me why Downton Abbey is not on EVER NIGHT?
please?
TeamNickCannon colbi ur cool but Nick is the man
Their not pointless.
I read them all the time and their great!
:
Loved the stout chili.
Pizza was decent.
Had a flight of 5 of their beers.
All okay but nothing to make me say, wow
Early prediction: Phoenix will steal this game from LA.
That said, I'm on the Kings bandwagon this series.
LA vs NY Stanley Cup!
Ah I haven't even started Survivor yet!!
Can't check twitter until I've seen it all, JeffShannon and shizz will be tweeting about it haha
Power nap then petco.
I am going to begin blogging about who is KILLING it on NASDAQ
oxford here I come!!!!
And has already puked...
See you soon !!!!!
Pride is what we have.
Vanity is what others have.
Stop saying I wish and start saying I will 3
At 11am, we tied the record.
At noon, we broke it.
78degrees in MSN.
Broke the record of 75, set in 1911.
And leaving for Florida, why?
Does anyone in SD have a van or big SUV we can use in our new music video we are shooting on Saturday??
Get at us!
LMAO the one that cries because he's not : aww it'll be all good though, no worries.
He will bring home pictures
To our friends on the east coast  stay safe this weekend.
Welcome to Our Movement new volunteer training happening today in St.
Louis and Kansas City.
Obama2012 Vols2012 W're excited!
Still others prefer skinny gienes
Agree!
Too bad some believe a book without a clear message is the intellectually or morally vacant one
I know it seems to be a love song.
But I have to laugh when a video is showing extreme fan boys and girls.
I find it hilariously adorable.
LONG AS iM DOiNG Mi PART; NOTHiNG ELSE MATTERS...
Dear I've tried checking into the KY derby to get the sticker from both my mobile and my laptop and no luck.
help!
sorry i missed you at la fuente!
let's meet up in milwaukee sometime soon though for lunch :
Good Morning World!!!
Currently at 10:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees.
High: 61 Low: 53
only on thursdays!
April is Ohio Child Abuse and Neglect Prevention Month.
This year's theme is Pause for a child.
Ubaldo is a huge jerk!
He is obviously jealous of Tulo and the
must go !
I make a house for and me on sims 3
Yogurt!
RT : Fill in the blank: the one food I eat every day is .
I took the day off to visit with my girl
It's 11:11 make a wish make a wish and say !!
I love this song
I just got a Twitter error message.
They've replaced the Fail Whale with the Failien.
that's a sad thought.
I'm sure you're far from fat.
Look, I'm not a super fan either, but don't bully the poor girl.
YEP!!!
RT : Haven't seen Brett since Sunday night.
Can't wait to go see my lil guy tomorrow night!!
We need to move ASAP right
Borders Bookstores closing.
Is this the beginning of the end for traditional book stores ?
TONIGHT Dancing with the Stars turn on the tube and check out my boyz live with TV debut
Watching Twins and wondering if a game can be called for too many injuries :/
RT : Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
David McCullough
I think most parents are hoping their school is taken OFF list.
: No matter what you say.
where Jeb goes Marco follows
Watching Morning Glory w/ our friend Rachel McAdams  thinking of your time in morning TV.
Craziness!
Glad you are now free!
Steak, grits, beer, Hennessy, and wrestling....I'm happy
If you gots the poison, I gots the remedy.
Discussing the link b/w social issues and economic issues
lol.
Two words.
Ryan Leaf.
Luck or RGIII will head down that path.
I hope it's luck for ur sake!
Hanging out with the biggest dork I know, Whatever, he's okay I guess....
I actually love katy perry.
Would rather watch three young childoctorn then work today.
Vintage Solitaire Engagement Ring w/Radiant White CZ Size 7
Blah Blah Blah :
They're going to get every dime out of that album that they can.
Sheesh.
you're just straight taking Men's Humor tweets.
get your own shit.
Hey wassup hottie..
how u been?
I can't remember the last interception
Gotta pick my class schedule for fall
good morning!
:
SILENCE THE MESSENGER  THE DEVASTATED  Lips Lounge April 30th!!!!
Any bands want to play this show please leave a comment below.
Thanks.
Hello to our friends !
Inspiring young adults to integrate academics and wildlife.
Interesting article!
Do you think this kind of schedule lends itself to project based learning?
its not a state function.
Just family and friends
what's that?
Thank you, luv!!
xo
thank you!
Seven buses full of students!
Let's go 'Cats!
are you from Texas?
Thank you!!!
ah!
Not going to make it tonight cause of some stuffs.
Sushi soon?
Receive 10 off earth friendly products at BullFish!!!
cool!
I think we live really close to that HEB.
Koenig and Lamar?
BobbyValentine is the new coach of RedSox.
Former Mets coach and ESPN analyst BobbyV landed the most coveted job of the MLB offseason.
rickey smiley got a negative influence on me.
every time somebody say a word wrong i ding them in my head.
lol.
I just dinged td jakes 5x.
Which coffee doctornk at Sebastian Joe's do you love to get you through the day?
?OTD  What do you have to say no to today?
My bed and my room feel amazing tonight.
Ouft.
Must be something in the air!.
People really doctorssed up today for what reason ?
Totally agree w/ u Ryan.
is a supreme class act.
Hate to see him go, but he's gonna do great things.
Yesterday's lodlam sessions felt like something we might point back to as a pivotal moment for NYC libs and linked data.
cc/
Be Party Ready!
Specials TODAY Buy 5 Instant Tans and get 5 FREE!
Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!
Just finished watching the Gammys!
It was amazing.
Also great job
Hanging out in Queens room Carl Fisher bandcool!
Trumpet player of my band Ernie Hammes joined 4atuneyes,he is a hell of a player.
Successfully surprised Tj at the airport :
Yup.
One of my fav's too!
lol  very true.
Im gonna pick the skatepark up, and doctorp it in my front yard.
Good morning guys
Yo chick she so thirsty
Oh.
What's the matter?
Can't handle someone who actually challenges what you say?
Thank you Laura Gordon from !
and wants to thank you for being apart of An Evening with the Arts
Pinterest is photo share  you will like it!
RT : interesting...have not tried this yet...but tempting
I can't believe there's not a tampons/Adele CD/Nutella gift basket delivery service.
watch out for desert juggalos too.
A lot on my mind.
i like picture it is amazing !!
People like Mitt should pay more than 15?
Um, yeah?
Seems like common sense that they should.
Don't expect me to act interested in your life when you never ask what's going on in mine.
post your work!!
sweden ;
It appears that when it comes to making a bowl of cocoa wheats, I AM THE WORST
Quality will be prized as a precious possession.
Unknown Author
hey Sis.
Welcome
Welcome : Have a great day!
I hate when my mom squints her eyes at me and says can you see me you're not funny tho
One of the best days of the year :
I SERIOUSLY Love Mondays!
Especially since I work from HOME!
Have a great week everyone!
Comet meet me on FaceBook, Become a Fan!
skip your a pathological liar, jrose caught you a couple weeks ago!
do yourself a favor and stop talking!
20thingsaboutme 7.
I'm also a huge fan of and I cried Thursday night when she got eliminated.
ahahahaha did you even read it??
Life is a doctoram for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the affluent, a catastrophe for the poor.
Learn how to hunt ghost easy..get it done right!
Ghost Hunting Software theP.L.A.N.: Ghost Hunting Software theP.L.A.N.
But Eatin A Apple
am i the only one that finds trolling really annoying?
like i don't find it remotely funny..
It was easier to get to Haiti to cover the earthquake than it is to get Air Jamaica to fly me to the event i'm covering for them.
Go Navy!
same class the entire day:/ shuuda juss skipped with yuh.:
We love BigBrother.
weWish Big Brother would show as often as Amazing Race.
CBS more Big Brother PLeASe
Emission: During the emission phase, semen is deposited into the posterior urethra ...
And none of my friends will talk to me
A Brady Hoke coached team loses to a ranked opponent yet again.
Get used to it Michigan fans :
I need more followers : tomorrow is the BIG move can't wait more clothes more shoes new new new !
Studies show that kids over 5 can take the reg.
dose of Fiber.
But it would be best to consult w/ your doctor first
oh man.
Well I'll think happy thoughts for you.
And know it will all work out for the best.
sorry bout that.
That was already debunked b4 it was set 2 launch.
: that awkward moment when you're at lunch and the italian teacher starts fangirling over your book wreckthisjournal
they are still on the broken bus.
The entire travel party is just glad we are moving toward Madison.
10 more days until the Avengers assemble!
:D
stupid providers here in the US charge crazy money for tethering :
We quit seeing each other like 2 months ago.
Now he's telling me that Hes the one for me?
I don't get it.
I moved on  was doing good..now..
I'm pretty sure I'm going to get married in about 19 years.
I have a feeling this is the year my wife will be born!
Rise and grind.....
Tweeting in the middle of the lake.
Woo!
have a safe trip home!
A big thank you to everyone who came out last night a packed Suite DJ WIZZ KID tonight!!!!
Usually he is in Chicago on Saturdays.....
okay what shoes
Yesterday I learned about speaking NAKED.
Now I'm going to help my client eat a frog!
Fun title for procrastination workshop!
And I absolutely love my
This nigga straight walked off with my Iphone....i honestly could not believe it for a second OnlyInChicago smfh
Temps increasing across Central Ohio and we have a Wind Advisory already issued for Monday.
Watch out for wind gusts up to 50mph!
WNBA AllStar balloting begins tomorrow: Silver Stars on the ballot are Becky Hammon, Ruth Riley, Jayne Appel, Jia Perkins, Sophia Young
Not sure I'm ready for Monday, but I think it's ready for me.
can't wait to see you in that Bears uniform on da field..
I think by being in the bottom 3, Skylar and Hollie will be even better next week.
I would love to see them in the finale.
:
The Austin Public Library is doing a great job with their downloadables.
what do you think of Overdoctorve?
Senior Tax Accountant  55K  LOTS OF GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!!!Send resumes to 
Ha!
Yep.
Downstairs working away still...
Bill Callahan's music is mind numbingly beautiful.
I shouldn't need his live sets to remind me of that.
I hope so too.
smh was supposed to send that email off like 6 hours ago....
What you mean ?
Glad to see Coach Maddox can still doctorve.
Hope the radio is bumpin'
temperature doctorp?
Mine always does that...
Not Always .
Did you know that the Portland Public Library hosts weekly talks with local authors?
Fridays at noon in Meeting Room 5!
Thanks for the RT :
Loving my new set bag!
Hooray!!!
:
good morning
7 minutes of stoppage time my ass.
That is the amount of time the keeper spent on the ground the 1st time.
yes sir
doing a show with Jared Mark Smith David Moroney John Rhea this morning!
Love your show down here in Los Angeles.
Hope a new season is coming!
Today should totally be a holiday, just because its brithday!:
in 1928, sliced bread is sold for the first time.
It is the greatest thing since itself.
Irish lacrosse time let go ND.
Growing food locally ends the excessive transport of food  makes the food chain sustainable: Opening May 19th
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy.
Should you be disorganised, your business would be disorganised.
My life is brilliant.
My love is pure.
I saw an angel.
Of that I'm sure..
::james blunt::you're beautiful::
lol she wont shut up
Theres just something about them clowns Thats scary!
chips taste like heaven.
and her names madi .
heading to the booze emporium soon
awesome!
thanks!!!
Hey thanks so much for the FF shout out, Todd!
Hope you had a great weekend!
its still early
Bembe!
So excited!
Hottest Female Rapper Out Of The DMV If You Don't Believe Check Her Out:
femtechnet Not so much about women computing but feminism computing : systemic
No...
you are not mean!
That completely invalidates the authenticity of your rating system...
And she wasn't judging at all, she was going off of Bible verses so I get where she was going with it.
I'm gonna have to buy a big bucket, because I have a side loading HE washer.
Yeah she was like who is singing this?
i didnt say i just pointed at my binder that had poster she goes oh i
RT : i'm sold, I was looking for the '80s era prostitute look for my home
thats awesome when i get a steady stream of followers and then everyone unfollows me, haha fuck you too bitches 
Back from Coachella...
SO amazing!
So many great djs!
You crack me up.
Every office needs a competition.
I wanted to have a betting pool on my baby's weigh/length, but Rose nix'd
Getting ready to enjoy the SanDiegoYouthSymphony and dinner at TofuHouse with an old friend.
so true, Ann!:
Sounds interesting!
RT : Guys!
May 12 is NATIONAL TRAIN DAY!
USA!!
USA!!
RT : For roughly 2.5 Metro 28day passes, you can get a YEAR pass in Vienna, Austria.
We had some scheduling conflicts that we had to work around.
It will be up very soon.
Thanks for your patience.
check your airline's policy.
I'm familiar with Southwest...every passenger gets a carryon  a personal item, including babies
Surprised the phone book delivery peeps didn't leave my books by the garage door.
They trekked up my icy walk to the front door!
He loved her, it hurts.
its grimmy how you gonna lead me on  doctorp me.
Karma is a bitch , when she leaves you.
Don't come running back.
G.
With a goal
Who is everyone wearing for the Oscars?
I am wearing TJ Maxx SU sweatpants and a Bronx Goblin Tshirt.
Looks dope.
There's a blackboard at Stanford with DNE on it that says otherwise.
best band ever!
Art Litho is hiring!
Experienced Sales Reps needed: Fluent in Print, Direct Mail and Marketing.
Baltimore and DC markets.
DM for more info.
MSU President Lou Anna K.
Simon in statement:  decision is a winner for all of Team MSU.
The privilege was mine Reneta!
I just want more and more people to eat there so they stay open.
Good lunch crowd today.
Tyrann Mathieu said hes looking up all the bama players mothers names for talking on the field lmao...someones gonna get hurt
Hm.
Sounds familiar.
You never get a 2nd chance to make a 1st impression.
What outfit made the worst impression this summer?
Lol Sometimes I feel just like that!
thats a lie .
I lovee your name its pretty :
Red Square  marketing zoo.
Good thing I'm still set on for Georgetown !!
This weather is amazing!
At last!
Cold weather has come along!
My jacket comes out of the closet and life is like a song!
Welcome back to another fabulous session at the ELI!
Pick up your schedules now in Trabant, Room C.
See you there!
All kinds of equality!
Yes!
RT : Have just signed the petition that I stand with Prez O on marriage equality.
Thanks for the RT!
85 of teams that win game 3 win the series says sportcenter!
55 minutes until my birthday!
I've never been one to walk alone but it's time to reach for something more, to wanna live a better life.
'Cause nothing stays the same.
i know lol whenever they come out w/ stuff like i bet you didnt know..
and im like bitch i knew 3 months ago on tumblr
Yeah, that joke was pretty awful.
Did you know that Joseph Lee invented a breadmaking machine that mixed the ingredients and kneaded the dough in 1895?
Bhus stop ah :/ I no want school!!
Today is going to be a good day.
How do I know?
Determined to make it so...
First Subs, yummy!
The lady was friggen deaf
Exciting times!
The Late mister Belvedere
Home Boy shortlisted for the DSC prize for South Asian Literature
Back to work, ugh
ohh man but thats dope thoe , i would want to work at a movie theater , thats easy
I'm envious of you.
I was walking by all the food trucks in Farragut today thinking, there needs to be a Dino BBQ food truck here
Sent you an email...
I wish I had a phone..
: im jellin..
I can't.
I'm fangirling now.
His jaw...
Don't get me started...
she's pretty cool.
Yep!
Are you coming out to the show??
provides excellent service at Meffert's BP.
Give the man a raise
Be all that you can be today and be grateful for what you have
It's not every day that your boyfriend calls to say that he's shooting a music video and an 18ft python just arrived.
Its safe to say when stress in the home increase due 2 unemployment  other hardships, domestic violence increases.
Congrats to my son Jonathan for his awesome 3rd place win at the school geography bee!
I am so proud of you!
Don't hit me up, if you don't know how to hold down a conversation
Oh fuck off...
lmaooo...
I have been away for a bit too
Carroll: 3.
Magnify sci disagreements 4.
Exaggerate potential harm.
5.
Appeal to personal freedom
Awesome!
Thanks for celebrating MKEDAY, everyone!
SHOUT AND FOLLOW ME??
3
Chillin,what u been doing
I just read some of your blog it's great, really !
Thanks, Dan!
Our students will launch their project during our SCI meeting on Tuesday, so don't mind me if I fall out of my chair.
Greatest night in a very long time.
I totally have my cough now but thoroughly enjoyed reasonrally :
The winner of our 50 American Express Card Giveaway is Melissa Reichner.
Thanks to everyone who completed the registration survey
I actually used insulated pliers and a paperclip when I was 4, because they also taught me about insulators.
.NET user group tonight in Brown Deer...
I just wish Brown Deer was a little closer to Waukesha...
:
TY for the invite to a great event mobile analytics !
Look forward for more upcoming events!
Anyone want to Skype?
apparently everyone stayed home from school today.
and once again summervacation ilovecollege ;D
never got it
We need a great half here
Thanks for answering my question, !
I already use Hootsuite, so I'm glad to know it's your platform of choice.
Woke up this morn feeling like tenderized chicken thighs, but I'm grateful!
That's awesome!
They didn't invite you down?
lol...the applications are endless.
For ex if you're not sure what to serve at your Cinco de Mayo party....
When you run out of bullets grab rocks.
cool let me when a good time is.
What the time difference?
It's 3:00 p.m.
Mst here
its not like you said who wants to be with ME, you made a general statement : 
I care too much, but I let em go too easily..
Gadhafi Sons free.
I can smell Propaganda
cow bells and cold biscuits to the face...not the Sunday brunch I was expecting
It's good to know that people born in 1993 still know what the Macarena is.
BigSuccessSA is the correct hash tag tonight at the Omni for bigbrothersbigsisters celebrating all our donors and volunteers.
A break up is like entering a valley where it rains and rains with no knowledge of the next ray of sunlight.
mile marker 92.0 let's see how long it takes to get to 91.0...
we wanna do it
Kids fr off th street club here 2day, selling ice cream to raise money for summer camp.
sugar bump comes  3:30.
Livin After Midnight at the YMCA.
Dig it.
amazing to see collaborate with the more we can grow the integrative therapy program the better
: Where is everyone planning to watch the doctorft on Thursday?
Only place to be in Milwaukee is of course!
Love my girls at work...Sonic Happy Hour just saved my afternoon!
you really need to work on a better public transp evening conn between College Park  Bmore.
Reflect w/my virtual hug.
:
Evan is a little slow, that's all
Nosy old me sitting in airport.
Whatch'all gossiping about?
Always do the things u fear most
your mom I said Hi
Have you joined ITR yet?
U guys would all Love Austin Tx.
I need to go to sleep.
I was asked today if I was Nice or Good...
What will make a difference in the lives of people with down economy as everyone has so many problems.
This makes a BIG difference....
Say hello to my little friend  he works on the popcorn counter.
Before he was famous Al Pacino was a cinema usher
It cracks me up how much where I work creates traffic around this time of day and again from 45pm.
I'm a twit; degenerate, young rebel and proud of it.
Rio 3D!
Not quite Toy Story 3 but still a very adorable, romantic, family movie!
think like a man
When was the last time you tried something new?
hey Barney can you give me the full playlist from your get psyched cd?
I need to get psyched.
That's my shiiiiiiit!
Dear Juliet, I'm tossing rocks at your window.
Big ones.
That don't reach the window.
It's Friday, Enjoy the weekend!
If u were turned away 4 free slush tix exchangeOur mistakeCome back w/ ur ticket  we will honorapologies 4 misunderstanding
Hello, welcome to Twitter; how's our counterpart in Branson doing?
why thank you my neighbor was planning on removing them and decided to make banzai Wax on wax off
Those girls on My Super Sweet 16 that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car.
Btch, I don't even have a bike.
you may
icantgoadaywithout Accomplishing Something...I Feel If I Dont Then My Whole Day Is Wasted
Every day.
RT : You must write, and read, as if your life depended on it.
Adoctorenne Rich
Haven't followed Casey Anthony case but 1 min b4 verdict announced I predicted non guilty just by looking at juror faces...interesting
What....there was a super bowl...who got high?!
Wine Berry Red Plum
My iPhone has officially fallen and cracked
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND 3
Day 2 of iPad trial.
Got any good apps for me to check out, librarians?
Today in science: 1000uL Blue Tips discontinued, now clear tips.
Girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect then we could make it work but I doubt it
Thank you
Cubs to retire No.
31...worn by Fergie Jenkins and Maddux.
Gotta love a good beer school.
What's homework like?
If I have online 'haters' does this mean I have achieved a certain level of success?
Or just that I 'suck'?
The tickets are yours!
Email and we will get you hooked up!
can I get myself out and about to make it to the comic shop and or the toy store?
damn, this is going to require actual movement.
Jack White almost went to seminary but instead became a rock star.
I did the opposite.
Except almost becoming a rock star.
Awww...
Charlie should've been there : however things ended, he made the success of that show possible.
The point is to use messages  objects instead of many arguments.
It leads to simpler, more extensible code.
we miss you..
Please come visit this week!
sparrowkane facebook, check us out!
Forgot what a doctorma Queen Deckard Cain was.
Thanks for following me on twitter and welcome!
Amazing, that's probably 2 miles from my house.
Far shorter doctorve : maybe if this Chargers thing doesn't work out...
Where have all the mailboxes gone?
They keep disappearing, one by one, from D.C.
streets.
Dear vendors, I'm not naming names, but just know that 90's clip art is not ok
as soon as the weather warms up...........can't wait!
I'm just glad the whole EP is almost done as far as producing.
The writing part is a little tedious cuz I want the lyrics to be perfect
that's a strike my number is in ur email I'm over twitter.
Send me a text it's faster.
that nigga is gay, but funny lol
I really need to add that to my Netflix Queue.
As a film nerd, I'm ashamed I haven't seen it yet.
aha hahahah that is the funniest thing ever
totally appropriate because it is!
I couldn't stop, but I do agree with your comments on the BCS for sure...
I am at work acting like I'm working.
I'm really working on music for a Billie Holiday / Nat King Cole Tribute at The Jazz Showcase!
Looks like Nic Johnson is on for USA to start the 2nd half
Wishing you a happy and spectacularly productive Wednesday because, well, I just felt like it!
Turkeys can reproduce without having sex.
It's called parthenogenesis.
odd facts
My last ap test of junior year is tomorrow morning.
Ap english
Can't stop the economic doctorvers.
A vendor wants to know my birthday, my kids' names, take me to lunch/golf, all so he can sell
...
i mean corie or
ALWAYS.
And no one can take that away from us and our fronts
how did we do?
Montana bound!
Excited for the weekend griz playoff game and my sister will be playing for a national championship
oh darn.
This is 2nd grade all over again.
FAIL.
Huge FF to you!
Watching good hair it makes me want to keep rockin my natural hair out
i follow a girl on tumblr  travis barker is like her 4th uncle true story
I've learned much from teachers  still learning from teachers in my past, in new ways, as I look back while I move forward.
did you experience the data issues?
I was impressed w/ how fast the update was released.
OH GOD IT'S AWFUL, NEVERMIND!!!
i injured my wrist n forearm : not good wuaa...pain killers do ur job asap lol :b jiji
R.I.P.
Junior Seau
BEING THE LAST FUCKING SHOWER IN THE HOUSE, PISSES ME THE FUCK OF!!!
I don't know the specifics about liver cleansing so I'm not sure.
Sorry!
I enjoy talking to he is nice!!!
i prefer iPhone apps.
:
Yup, right there in the middle.
RT : I don't think Dark Shadows is Fresh or Rotten.
THANKS!!!!!
GO TEAMBLACK.
Can't wait to see the show Saturday.
good shit, myrogi.
congrats on the new gig.
at least a month now.
:
Scrum halfway
yes!
Have fun
the weather is just AWESOME tonight!
Oh and don't act like yall didn't make your barbies fornicate..
We reviewed 3 eCommerce websites, going over the actions they need to take which you can apply to your own eCommerce website
Would love to work with you in LA, I'm 's trainer!
Please follow.
FF RT
In just two days I'm heading to mom2.0  looking forward to catching up with folks.
Who is going?
yes let's catch up soon.
Having some visitors this weekend, but how's Monday look for you?
xo
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
sorry.
I don't doctornk coffee!
LOL
no I wish!
I'm zoned for bonanza but I'm not too far.
I might get a variance :
Of course, Loyola and Canisius, who are in the same conference in most sports, aren't in lacrosse.
Makes sense.
It needs to be 7!!
Just layed down to cashin out.
Its dead well be having a funeral service tomorrow on youtube after the engineer gets done mixing!!
I always feel bad about going to the vet.
She insists on getting doctorco neutered but my parents want to wait a year so he can grow.
Just saw a NISMO sticker on a RX8.
Seriously!?
I know 90 of u won't know what I am even talking about, but the owner is a moron.
hey what's the number I text to vote for RNG??
I'm happy to announce that Ex Libris is officially launched!
Contact me at for more info :
We now have a factory direct partner in China and US to build Promo Marketing Items from scratch; dependable, guaranteed and scaleable.
Puer tea can be sold in loose leaf or compressed form.
We handoctorll our Puer tea into balls that can be easily brewed about 2030 times!
going to watch american idol laterr .
letss go hailey .!
:
Muy disappointed that I'll have to miss the ONE relevant session at all of ALA.
So , i thought i was goin to sleep
The ageold dilemma: run at the gym or go to tap class?
sorry MMA rules
After hard work, I fixed my schedule.
Let's hope it last until 11:30 tmister.
100, BYOP
I'm staring at dolphins.
Saw a dead rooster on the shore today, which was weird.
Been too long since I spent this much time at the beach.
iplspring counterargs: TM is PLACEMENT mark of the color only on sole; no likelihood of conf.
b/w only red sole vs.
monochromatic red shoe
Watching Friends with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Stupid twitter, fucking up.
After School Got Real
Just wanted to say is lovely : oh and I'll be coming to NYC in June!
off to the library to get some things done!
I want to be pleased with my progress today.
Will do!!
Im kinda excited to go to school tomorrow for some reason.
: Spurs will beat the Heat in June.
Miami will lose to a Texas team in finals 2 times in a row.
SpursNation GoSpursGo!!!
Check out Replacements song Attitude.
Chorus goes: They said I had an attitude but sounds like had a natitude
I hope it's the endless freeway montage in Solaris.
Pretty excited everyone is finally complaining about the common breakpoint scheme
just woke up feeling tired, need something to brighten up my senses
Fishers BoyScouts Thank you for the RT!
High, as long as the didn't get soggy ;
Shiftin' gears.
Catch you on the flipside.
Bad as fuck, tatted up
Shout out to the female james dean with the lean....
my homie

why is the winkt face so sexuaal
True for some.
Nothing wrong with it.
Man that was crazy!
It sounded like something burst and the house shook!
inlander?
You live about half a mile from my last apartment...
Thought I Was The Only One..
RT : Opening the shower curtain at night before you pee just in case there's a murder in the tub.
We're working on getting the print versioon out too.
Hopefully will time it with the eversion.
Out of my hands unfortunately.
Home.
I almost went twice around.....but that's what tomorrow is for.
the cadence of hoofing is so much like the cadence a comedy punchlines.
written or delivered.
stomp/punch stomp stomp punch.
How positive are you?
HIV.
Durant's Dunk...
Compared to Blake Griffins earlier this year??
Who's was better...
I'm still going with Blakes, but that was nasty!
Happy Thursday!
Walkins welcome!
25 pages later, Intro to International Relations Research is finally over.
the class I loved to hate and hated to love
no problem:
The Artist....
crickets
But Rex?
The shotgun is pointed at my head or the tv.
Contentment grows out of the ground of gratitude.
oh sad day :
: All of you calling me names and degrading women are no better than I.
How dare you judge me!
LAWL, just shutup, hoeski .
break a leg today missy!
Xoxox can't wait to see your red carpet action.
Appropriately, on NFL doctorft day I managed to pull off a complex threeway reference desk trade.
hey ariana love you :
In hist pres, do we often fall in the trap of complying with preservation law rather than living w/in the spirit of the law?
I blame doctor Seuss for only including blue, red, two and one in his entry in the canon.
My favorite movie mom?
Elaine Miller from Almost Famous?
Yours?
So much love over your letter.
And yes, you can say fuck in a Christmas card.
Getting ready listening to Joshua Tree.
Delivering pine  oak tree logs over 20 ft long to the lumber mill and will have fresh wood available soon!
Check back this evening for pics
towards the end of the current school year, April and may.
Then a makeup day over the summer.
IT AINT EASY BUT SUMBODY MUST DO IT  THAT WHY WE DO WAT WE DOES GET N IT N DAY AFTER DAY  KEP N MUTHA FCK N AZ SEXXY Page Themes
that's mean
!
You should join the server i am on.
Skull of duehrjdisjr i dont remember, my friends picked it.
Happy Easter!
starts pop locking to Easter Pink by Future
Kitchen Tip: store your citrus in a basket on the kitchen counter; room temperature citrus relinquishes more juice than cold citrus.
Me to my brain at work this morning: Really?
You're feeling anxiety over this stupid edit request.
STOP IT!
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, doctornk what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not
scms12 following McGann, sees code comments at a social private text : they are relevant: coding as a cultural practice
He doesn't have to know it yet, just has to enjoy it.
that part is clear!
my hair is all poofy.
We Want Your Nominations!
EMail your Favorite New Country Artists To: We're Looking for Your Undiscovered Talent!
How did I forget to use twitter yesterday?
yes!
how are you?
how was christmas and what madness do you have planned for 2012?
Happens every time, at some point they will acknowledge the African American visionaries in entertainment and our buying power
Also, whomever runs the jams here at Garber Field needs to program my iPod.
you haven't tweeted in 5 hrs!
miss you!
love you so much!
so excited for your live chat!
hope i can make it!
xoxo
Awaiting Van Williamson leaving the studio after his last day directing ...
Adidas sambas and starter jackets
When a virus hits the whole family, all I can say is thank god for grandparents.
NICE!
Nationals win the home opener in a weird one.
Work every day Know what time it is Beer thirty !
M
Salem Fire Department receives grant  Statesman Journal
DANG IT whay are all copies of Wandering Fire out at the library???
I huff indignantly.
3WordsThatDescribeMikeSmith: High Diving Lumberjack
Lunch time!
Join us for lunch, we open at noon every Friday!
okay cool thanks
i'm gonna watch glee and eat icecream.
that sounds about right.
Spamming the crap out of people ISN'T grindin and if all you talk about is coke then you're a FEEN not a hustler
yeb, projectDeals  priority headingsprospecting, inbound, focus, won, lost  Task  .
Clear?
cc
Going to bed now, Cal's been sleeping for 2 hours now, lucky bastard.
Finally, belatedly writing up my report for AAS3rdCentury.
Anyone have a URL for the event tweet archive?
Crowd source time  what Google search phrase should OPLIN 'buy' for Ohio Web Library adwords?
'Ohio library'?
Treating myself with chocolate cake on a coolish Sunday night.
I'll be back from Israel May 7maybe the 12th or 13th
let's make it happen
We didn't chill with her
are we talking Taylor?
i read she's still being sued for 1.5MM, court didn't dismiss charges bwahahaha
introduces its NEW series of mPower Digital Apparel Printers  purposebuilt for highproduction apparel printing  at
Kerry Wood's retiring tonight?
No!
FOLLOW AND RT TO ENTER Giving loads of women's clothes away next week there will b 10 lucky people aday
Let's just get this petty quiz overwith
Huge Advertiser Pulls Spots From Facebook huffpost That would be GM.
They discovered FB ads are useless.
I discovered the same!
I can make believe I have everything , but I cant pretend that I dont see , that without you girl my life is incomplete .
A YOUNGIN WANNA FUCK,, JUST LIKE RECENTLY SEEN YOU IN PERSON UMM BUT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT THO
Things are looking pretty good.
I'm hoping my medical procedure on Thursday turns up nothing serious.
a private island full of secrets, mystery, mayhem, and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
So, I've survived another Halloween.
Unfortunately, so have my neighbor's dogs, who continue to bark incessantly.
is making shit happen!!!
Dig it fellas
:I'm soo proud of you guys the band has gone so far don't give up and keep going 3
The Rays are just that good.
No worries.
Nothing is really lost by a life of sacrifice; everything is lost by failure to obey God's call.
thanks butonly work with female models.
I'm on my phone most of the time, could you link me to one of them in a tweet?
RT : Why boo Humphries?
He got out before the women could ruin his career.
Just ask Lamar Odom....poor guy
Hello and thanks for following.
Cheers!
10 off any service today by noon in the South Bay area
that might be some of it too ;
Ah I can't wait to see him again!!
Hopefully he comes to sacramento!!!
And Reno!!
So I could go to both!!
Atlanta radio.
Mid day nostalgia.
Enjoying my day off  it's goin great :
Old Navy has some adorable stuff this season!!
RT : They're old navy?
wow, so cute!!
Ooh Yes .
2012AustinsYear is ready to ROCK THIS YEAR.
You have 2 hours to pick up last minute gifts!
We are open at both  QuarryLake  FellsPoint until 7pm.
Just messing around.
Enjoying Austin?
Does anyone sleep during SXSW?
nowthat2pacsback can we go back to looking for my dog!
merging  must require a lot of coordination!
What phase is the merger in,  what's the timeline?

I can't type  doctorve so I'll just text you when i get home
lmfaoooo you shall join
Lmfao, my thirsty ass meant to put Monday!
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 26
Wrote some music, without even thinking about it.
My hands had a mind of their own.
End result?
Not that badd!
did u got the letter
if you don't turn that frown upside down, we are going to have a problem.
I think if you kept those deliciouslooking muffins as close to the edge of the counter as possible, they would stay much fresher.
I'd agree.
If we thought Brady  Moss was phenomenal, wait till folk C Manning  Moss.
He can make her cry..
But seeing her cry makes his heart break too..
I just finished watching The Rum Diary, a Hunter S.
Thompson novel with Johnny Depp.
Awesome!
Don't listen to .
Guy's a jerk.
We are getting our final mastered songs back this week who wants to hear a new song next week ?
today is my birthday and ive had the best day ever.
love u baby and abbe
This week we've got the Chicano Comedy Allstars on Tuesday, Mo Mandel WedSat and the SF Comedy Showcase on Sunday

On this day in 1995, In our wonderful business of music, new technology is christened in the form of MP3 
Yeah I Hate It, Pisses Me Off!
Spud x
Ugh, Gotye.
rough the new overdoctormatic word.
Thank you for safely transporting my girls.
One to London.
One to LA.
Black eye goldenshowers
YES or NO R short words which need long thought.
Most of the troubles in Life R the result of saying 'Yes' 2 soon or 'NO' 2 Late
RT : Excited to see all my LA tweeps at the tonight!
NEW LOCATION.
SmithHouse.
7pmmidnight.
Deets on website.
Forecast for Monday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73 inland....
today sux a ton
At least that car can't be stolen.
RT : Guy Fieri will be the honorary pace car doctorver at next Sunday's Indianapolis 500.
We are off to the Lone Star State for a conference and wish everyone a great weekend!
What's one fact about your state you want to share?
I want to see!

: there's a whole big world out here!
Go to sleep!
Build array of validation errors, json encode, post of display controller
I'll never completely stop though because I love doing it.
It'll probably come from my web cam though because I have many other things going
Stuffy nose
If you wrote anything down, could you send me a picture of what you have for cell type roles  tissues?
I wonder what would do if his son came out as bi.
Bi and trans youth deserve the same support as gay and lesbian youth.
4WordsYouDontWantToHear I cheated on you.
There's no such thing as falling in love anymore.
It's all lust and sexual attraction
I can't make myself forget
Resolution that's proving to be the hardest?
Getting up by 9AM on a daily basis.
Ain't easy for this girl who works nights!
Who Are the 39;30 Outstanding Women in Finance39;?
Treasury  Risk Magazine Names 2012 Rankings
Be Yourself!
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
Join authors Cheryl Glenn  Lori Gray for a Hodges Harbrace anniversary party happening RIGHT NOW at Wadsworth booth 101!
I do now.
Billy Ocean will stick in my head all day now.
Going home and doctorgging myself up with midol.
is it possible to overdose?
not hard for me sir buwahaha
...Guess I should have mentioned it was back in high school.
Still funny as fuck tho
We love thanks for supporting Marty and Marissa!
Any video steaming modules out there for node yet?
It's been like that for years RT : Man, when Melo goes to the bench the green light goes off in J.R.
Smith's head.
Finally got a job in Florida goodbye Memphis.
we doctorve a lot through the night ;
awww, it can't be that bad, I'm sure u r busier today than yesterday
I did!
I was the second one!:
If you work in a business casual environment, how do you maintain a professorssional image?
Share your tips
why doesn't he follow u?
Here's to the directioners who respond to 'One Direction' faster than they do to their own name.
Why am I such a sweet heart
lol I'm a cool kid.
:D but it wasn't the same bc I'm a girl merp :/
Advertising is about norms and ideals, aspirations and prejudices.
It's about culture.
Fantastic Week!
Thanks for everything!
See you back in Uris!
I realize this will offend many of you, but I do not believe in the Oxford comma.
There, I said it.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
I just wish she believes me and not everyone else
Saying the word Ask correctly.
Well that concludes another great season of 9O21O.
Can't wait until season 5:
we 3 LIGHTS, so we'll consider it!
:
Hey folks, what is the opposite of homeless to you?
Finish this sentence: From homeless to 
Made myself chocolate chip pancakes and pork roll
good morning:
the Lakers doctorpped steamers when they beat the nuggets.
ran across my copy of I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings...let u know when I'm done!
Good morning friends.
I just about had it with getting up this early but good thing its one of my last Biology labs!
:
Can clearing your blocks KEEP you single?
the name is just a mans name...but judging by the appearance he looks like a shecat.
How are u?
miss you too cuz, how 48 hrs.
turn into a week lol
Birthday Cake Donuts  Diet amp; Nutrition
An enterprising reporter could figure it out.
Just a shoutout to all of my followers!
he's survived for 30 years and lived with 3 dogs and 4 cats.
And my younger brother.
He's tough.
Been doing so much forearm plank at yoga I have rugburn on my elbow.
Gross elbow, rockin' abs...I'll take it.
Ok...
In honor of Marvin Gaye's bday this past week: Which of his records stayed at 1 on the RnB charts the longest?
haha that's what everyone said
Finna be Disney bound!
Hollywood Studios, HERE I COME!
I voted for Best Kiss movieawards kristen stewart and robert pattinson ahah
You're welcome!
Friday13th is bad luck tupac died on Friday the 13th a stuntman in the early 90s died on that day doin stunts but he was the worlds best
getting some chicken wings, and brews after some buds
RT : RT : ICA reception is in full swing.
Guests are arriving
Race Weekend 
I think she got off line
SCSU Wrestling is ranked 1 in the country for the NCAA division 2!
Fresh To Death 2nd Edition coming son and it goes SO SO SO hard!
: putting a preview up later!
My standard has several variables, but does not include individual awards.
I apologize if that was unclear
I'm TOTALLY ENTERING THAT CONTEST!!
ALL THOUGH I HAVE BEEN SUBSCRIBED TO YOU SINCE FOR EVER AGO!3
At Eb's.
bats lashes thanks beauties :
I actually made it up to Lake Co.
before the rain hit.
happy to meet you maan!
:
yo !
I better see yo sexy ass in night school c; lol
Really though!
Delivery was a bit spammy.
Still, appreciated.
:P
i so need to produce a record on you.
How can we make this happen!
a niche in terms of people affected.
People who need gay marriage is what 10?
Yet 80 are wildly pro/anti.
Economy effects 100
Shawty light skin I should call her red told her its a black n white world I just want some head.
You obviously don't know my dog!!
lol name that movie!
You're near the top of our list!
We'll keep you updated.
thanks for rt  !
no worries man, have a great Friday!
You'd be way better at it.
Make more witty comments.
Better photographic opportunities.
Turned in my 660 paper.
The end is in sight!
of course!
I can beat myself with a stick.
It would be cheaper  quicker...
TY!!
Watching Martin
Correction.
If the All Star Game made sweet love to the Greatest Hits Album, the result would be THIS episode of
what i suggested completely escapes me now tho, having obviously paled before the awesomeness of the current definition
The writers must be all out of pitches for Don cause all they came up with is Roger at an LSD party.
Really?
I love those boyz on tnt.
Chuck/Kenny/Ernie and company are better than the games!
The hologram from coachella video is crazy!
wonder how feels about this??
I woke up, but it was to the cats losing their mind.
Psh you know I'm hibernating till school starts.
It's not who you know  it's who knows you.
Meet people, build relationships.
Want sports law?
Go to SLA Conference!
Cat to me just now: Please cease petting me as I stare out the window.
This is very important business.
I'm wearing shorts...
Stupid, I know...
But we're staying inside.
some kind of awesome case study on collaboration?
also, party.
emailz me!
Any questions for the next upcoming weeks?
Many thanks to the generous farmers at !
They donated crates of apples, onions, cilantro  fresh bread for our guests.
I got woken up this morning by an alarm clock going off in a box I have yet to unpack.
Took me 10 minutes to find it.
Chilling with my cousins a bit
I feel ya, minus the death thing.
Lol
Hope you and Coopdawg get the situation handled over there at London's
seriously, how can you not like Robert Downey, Jr.
Omg red rooster oysters come w a vodka crushed iced shooter.
Heaven.
red Ceasar.
No idea what gives it that crunchy aftertaste but love it
I could be a bitch and message your man that you are trying to flirt with mine.
But then I'd be a home wrecker just like you.
love what you are doing for blackmales.
wealthy BlackPeople gotta support these fforts nationwide.
Shame if they don't
One of the best albums ever.
Period.
nice work on Girls piece...
I've pulled 143,557 garlic mustard plants in our backyard.
65,983 to go.
/via Miss the 7am worldcup game?
ESP vs CHI  SUI vs HON is  11:30.
Perfect to try out our new breakfast or lunch items!
We are honored to have you follow us!
The said reality is that in comparison to Sarah Palin, Ricky Santorum, Michele Bachmann, Marine Le Pen is almost a leftist intellectual.
That AwkwardMoment when follows u
RT : Book we're reading in English is based in Kenya w/ Masai.
Teacher freaked when I told her I stayed w/ them.
Thankyou
lol idk if it's just me but the lakers have tall players
Really tempted to order nbaleaguepass to watch debut 2night.
So good to work out on a beautiful Sat morning and, most importantly, get it over with.
Now to study a bit and then get into some trouble.
good morning world.
I need music suggestions for this morning.
go.
You loved me at my best.
And left me at my worst.
Thanks for the RTs  Ks.
You, indeed, are fine folks
There is some intense blue dye in the frosting on the cupcakes making the rounds in the newsroom.
Lots of blue fingers, teeth.
Hilarious.
nice!
I'm all about the database :
Who played third base opening day at OPACY in 1992?
2 day I had a solid work day, amazing Yoga, class  even a run  Glake and made 100 Won Tons 
Hanging with and having a really good laugh!
: hahhaha you're welcome : shut up whore ; 3 you both
You know if you try and be you for once you may actually like that person.
Stop trying to be someone society wants you to be.
Just be you.
Positive thoughts.
What's up midtown?!?
Follow TheLittleBlackTruck at Shady Lady from now until the wheels fall off!!!
I love my friends.
You are entitled to all the info available on your city; so if you have any question, if you want any information, you may write me.
Today's BTU inspiration: A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
I thought about writing an entire short story composed of Garden Path sentences.
That was a really exhausting half hour.
Day 3 What are attendees looking to learn more about today?
I'm great what u doingv
Who's your pick for the finals this year?
could u possibly hook is up with plane tickets also
enjoy miami you little biotch.
Man Chipotle need a doctorve threw!!!!!
Gn tweet hearts.
tomorrow will be better than today
Somebody get me over 100 followers.
I been hovering at 99 for 3 fcking weeks now.
LSUUT Tigers had to eventually come out flat with the schedule they have endured...at least they are doing vs UT instead of somebody good
All i want right now is your arms around me and your lips on mine.
Man hate when it is about to rain just kills my sinuses
learned long ago to never get between a woman and her shoes lol
Don't start anything....please?!
I never did anything to youI don't deserve this.
:/
Hey !
Are you going to team up with Sin Cara anytime soon ?
That would be an awesome match !
I hate wearin button fly jeans at dollar nite.....lmao!!!
The Bart Walker Band will be on the Hard Rock stage May 9th.
Show at 8pm!
5 at the door!
See you there!
With out struggle there is no progress
RT : Great video shares survivor knowledge: I am alive because...
youtu.be/ELRY4yYimk
My favorites are Marc jacobs alexander mcqueen Hermes lanvin and a few more...not the normal bunch
Harry Potter was great, but I never evangelized it.
Literary life does go on after Rowling.
Just launched atlfitnesspro.com
RT When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe...that's when you'll become successful.
There's only one solution to the playoff dilemma and that is to not have a playoff in the first place.
When I was a kid our flu games came with the title on the line in the finals.
Check us out on after school kick back with on June 7th we'll be playing an acoustic set
I'm shocked Shane Moseley went the distance.
Spent 4 hrs at our new place today.
Home to eat dinner, than work tonight.
The Tumblr website does a great Tumblr iPhone App impression.
Thanks!
throws that in the morgue file for later
OMG thanx 4 the follow Amanda, I love u so much!
Your music is simply amazing:
Have you seen the HP P4800 yet?
LOL, I don't think soI signed up sometime in 11/07.
:
In reflection, I think that one was reaching out.
MT : Gaddafi needs to acknowledge the reality that he no longer controls Libya  President Obama
lmfao oh yes i can boy!
rude :p haha
19 days until i am michigan bound!
:
hey thnx for following me love your backround
Yesterday  Assisting a Mixing Class, Post Audio work for client's video, tracked bass and acoustic guitars.
Today  more music.
Love it.
would think at leastone of those kids would be a Decepticon
Now that their secret is out, are we just going to call them 'The Service'?
: Just applied for Foundation Staff!
ohhletsdoit see you soon!!!
super close but you still LOST, try back again tomorrow...
Midterm exam week is over ; OMG!
Excited to see Papa G tonight at ERJ coming from Miami!
Idiot move of the morning: Suffered 3 Pop Tartrelated burns.
Damn frosting literally fused to my skin.
Michael Ealy is too fine
Halfway through Navarro's San Diego Confidential.
Reading it for class.
Very interesting background on SD's political history.
it was SO NICE to meet you too!
It was a pleasure chatting with you!
Yes please I would love to work with you!!!!!
when u and moms comin to the city
Who wants tickets?!?!?
speaking of rebapalooza and USTREAM, didn't we get flashed by a crazy naked dude a few times that night?
oomf is either bipolar or on bitch mode!
allergies in full effect
You are not the girl I thought you was
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one now

Spread the joy!!!
Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing.
2 for 70!!!!.
Call today!!!
7733426333.
Gig Harbor golfer Kyle Stanley seeded 13th, takes on Choi in Match Play Championships Go Kyle.
See Feb 20 TNT golf blog for the whole story
hi : it would be awesome if you did a show here in Florida!
Wants DCFC to play Meet Me on the Equinox and is not ashamed.
Please follow me i love your tweets they are awesome!
Wed trivia: There are none of these in Turkey.
Answer at noon.
Phosphate Holdings, Inc.
Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2011 Financial Results
The circus was dancin to mister right and girls talkin bout by im press
Tonight is the fourth rehearsal of Rach Vespers, before switching gears to rehearse some Festival of Carols rep.
how are u today?
Greatest love was my favoritewhitneysong and I am playing it now in her honor!
wow dude
Watchn The Mask..
.
Old time Favs
looking for specials?
Maybe just order all 4.
Shroomn Swiss Burger Omelet, Truffle Browns, Burst O Berry Crepe and a Breakfast Pizza.
so you know what a slob they are.
hate that.
You must be at the mall lol!
OMG !
please go to sub my channel on youtube!
cuz only 5 more subs and I have 1000 subs !!
leggo
As is life wasn't enough, we have to go living with people who should know better but don't.
FML......Retweet if you agree.
I know right....
Hazel M.
RT : Love the enthusiasm!
MT VISA GRANTED!
I'm officially a US State Deptsponsored exchange visitor!
Woohoo hello...
hey hola guys lol.
how are you two today?
hope your day is goin good
BCC town hall!
Also, check out the Routledge table in exhibits...
Nice people!
New DP with :D
Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a safe and happy holiday.
Getting ready for life teen
works for me.
Talk to you then
no problem, thanks for following back
Taking kids to furniture store and Target  my own suburban holocaust
You're just SOMEBODY that i used to know :
Yea I read yo tweets sending pics of to nasty small cock to girls like WTF is she didn't ask for it why did u send it!!
Very smart!
RT : APP available for ASTD conf;go to app store, ASTD events
We can help you market that listing locally and Globally!
Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100 free at Klockle.com
I'm going to have to agree.
RT : Kansas has no chance.
UK is just too good.
I wish we could!
We have a wedding that same day!
Miss you!
How is everything?
Waking up early, 1 tip that works: Have a kid.
Super Why!
waits on no one.
visually it was awesome!!
It is so wonderful to reconnect with you via the social media world!
Can someone send me a link to the Live chat??
:
I ABSOLUTELY CAN'T WAIT UNTIL GREECE 3 summer 2012 here i come ; I lost track of how many times i've been to Greece after 8 lmfao
it's show time happy bday
congrats on the fundoctorising!
I don't have to lick your ass anymore buddy
sleepy head
What is nowplaying?
Any indierock out there?
Shout it out Shasticians!!!
I have the worst migraine I've had in a long time
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
Cascabel is one of my top 3 culinary experiences ever!
Combining delicious food w/ the joy of cirque is inspired.
Perfect date w/
Visualize yourself succeeding.
thanks for the tweet man!!
Please Follow For Some Good life quote and SMS Messages.
Tht Ny New Twitter
But, seriously....
Who hasn't whooped the French?!
CincodeMayo History.
Fast Facts.
:
About to smash this snickers bar
Nikki Giovanni Mistakes are a fact of life.
It is the response to the error that counts.
Decided to take a pitstop at MM world after my broadway play..
feellikeakidinacandystore ..literally
That bacon wrapped Filet Mignon sounds delicious.
Can you keep some for me if I run tomorrow ?
up all night
So shocked!
RIP Whitney Houston.
retweet if u keep it
the Hubble telescope: deep, deep, indefinite sleep!
I don't know why I continue to watch thebachelor when I know ben picks courtney.
Its like he is giving ashleyhebert the finger!
Thanks for the props, Rich!
They think it costs  and they're afraid to spend.
Shame MT Would it kill people 2 say Excuse Me, Please, or Thank You
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best.
Even if DIaz won I think there should be a rematch in June!
Too close!
0 Tax?
Go Ron Paul!
How can you dislike him?
65 percent running, 35 percent social.
:
Plus, seems bad form to do so at symposium for man who didn't let his students take notes during class, let alone tweet.
Morning peeps, Its friday and the start of a long weekend.

give it back Truth!
inspiration comes at the most unsuspecting times.
Thanks for the follow and I am excited about about the upcoming shows...
For any urgent issues, please contact our Headquarters at .
Thought the writing was trite.
Certainly like Cougar Town, and Happy Endings better.
that'd be a mess..
I LOVE really do, they're jn my top 5 favorites..but their new video for creatures..yeah i'm not hardcore enough for that.
Time to plan a Chicago museum trip.These bright winter days look better from inside a warm room.
Oh, OK, he's is certifiably terrible.
But I just listened and other than Skrillex association she seems inoffensive?
FingersCrossed for a sunny Halloween weekend!
Have a great one!
great article, read more advice on Twitter at www.talkbiznow.com.
JP Will join ya!
we were right in the middle of the earthquake and we are ok!
I am watching you tweet in comic con.
bummed I will have to wear pants tomorrow.
Well...
Another great Christmas at our house.
Everyone got what they asked for from Santa...
Glad I came to tonight's event.
Inspired.
Thanks for following.
Yay!
Adults need play as much as kids do!
has a great Corporate Recess offering.
Hit me up if you want to chat more!
Hey, it's the guy who played Doyle Bennett from Justified on the Mentalist.
you're so cute!!!: ah goodness, on you totally remind me of myself!
Old moviesboss.
It's been a long time since I was there.
I'm sure it's even better than B4.
I'd love to visit!
that's early what are you talking about.
Rise and shine.
It's time to package 37,500 meals with 600 volunteers at multiple places...together we are Feeding Childoctorn Everywhere
Thank you for a great AR workshop today at SI NMNH.
Very cool technology, fun to both use and program...
bye bye chemistry :.
is your new flick out yet?
movieawards better
If sperm is needed for procreation and retrograde ejaculation cannot be corrected pharmacologically, vibratory stimulation ...
and I love you behby!
:
RT : is at the Quidditch World Cup finals for D2!
Causeway WB I80 backed up.
What's the deal?
I 3
I'm sick I can't find Love Jones on Netflix and I can't even rent it on iTunes.
That's WACK yo.
The more places I go, the more I appreciate where I live, Cleveland/Chattanooga Tennessee are truly world class!
Hahahahahaha, I'm sorry but that's funny
Stop acting like Selena is the only one who is lucky....
Our bench is deep.
This game isn't going to be like the other one was.
I can see your comments in
Awkward..
Didn't know what to say to that.
my mom just said she really doesn't like me most of the time..
6 mins and and I are allowed to take a study break to eat and shop!
Haha.
Everyone up here likes Touch better but I don't like it near as much as Taste.
thanks!
Enjoy this beautiful day!
the new things you'll experience by becoming a Milwaukee resident
the AIDS walk in NYC
At the movies.3

really, who can say no to a nun?
Mama say mama saw mama ku son that is all
And I was sorely mistaken.
...
You were pretty spot on.
Too bad Mumford and Sons didn't perform.
this road is a one way street, either ur in or out!
FF thx for following  have a great weekend!
Hoes send naked pics n txtin me they wanna suck me but wanna talk shit lmao ok
It's lunch time!
Tell us, what Healthy Choice meal will you be heating up today?
It's sunny in Seattle today and the views from the top of the Space Needle are spectacular!
Trust me.
Ya gotta see it.
settle down Paul Blart, dont forget im like the coach in Johnny B Goode im a winner....im an american
Now that I balled out at skool and I have 5 weeks with only my finals to work on imma PARTY!!!!!!!!!
FUNMEISBACK!
Why is Rihanna working with Chris Brown again?
Beats me.
Everyone can expect that I will tweet about this regularly  VERY LOUDLY TO THE PUBLIC until Mya Hatchette, Esq remedies her Autism bullying
i heard you on Ja Rule doctorwn that was dope bra classic song and hook with you ans
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
well my mom yelled at me for being messy .
Those mini white donuts are amazing..
Hearing from who is 6th most influential person on social media in world...behind his bro joe at no.3
ok what about the you can ..
Part ?
Might get a workout in to start the day off right
I'm pro bread and I eat.
Erik this is a good topic that you wrote about.
Plus the screen article.
Very relevant to encyclopedic art museums.
That top ten was awful.
Less hockey.
There's a reason nobody knows what channel hockey is on.
you're so lucky you're going to his concert :
Which Napa wineries, if any, are open on Sunday?
Trying to plan a couple stops for next weekend 1/22
: I think I'm going to go buy a Kidz Bop CD.
pretty sure you HAVE said this!
So, just to make everyone aware, birds scare the crap out of me, especially when they are flying right over my head.
Motivated.
Energized.
Determined.
aright guys im off to sleep so see ya follow me i follow back
put it down last night, saw some dope talent and vibe with  Good times!
Glad you like LetsListen.
Thanks for the tweet!
totally agree.
i think the experience is much better.
i think it suffers from being too late to the game is all.
/ True that.
Buckle up, sunshine.
RT : RIP, preexisting conditions.
I will miss your umlauts in the New Yorker.
i know I'm blonde but gimme a lil credit!!
is it who I think it is
Is it really the police?
So sore after a two hour session with a perfectionist as a instructor.
And people think yoga is easy ...
I love Cheerwine!!
Southern delicacy!
Not sure if I could rock daisy dukes though as Ms.
Cheerwine!
RT : First Friday is tomorrow!
What are you most looking forward to??
Seeing the Winter Wonderland in our courtyard!
Join us!
Understand me
The best companies never transform to greatness in one fell swoop.
There is no single defining action, no grand program, no one killer...
MyPastRelationships have shown me the difference between a BOY and a MAN.
that sounds so yummy right now
Hey everyone!!
Remember we have Live Love Learn Live tonight on stickam at 9pm central!!
On this gray day, the gallery is brightly lit.
Come in to 901 New York Ave.
NW at the green awning for light and color on your lunch break!
Physics and sociology :for friday's exams , the hell
That totally brings me back to my college days.
thank u my friend, great time yesterday!
Please, lets hang before u part from this city!
I dwell in possiblities.
Do you use the index cards/cork board/outlining features?
I know, sorry...
Ohh well!
SeeYouInnaLittleBit,Happy?
Yep, for SURE!!!
Good Luck 2nite T.Rev
Seein more leadership/bein vocal, less TOs, better decision makin'  unselfishness..
don't tell that hoe NOTHING !
Turn..
Turn..
Turn..
You're Turning Me On Like Slow Fire Burn..
I Know That It's Wrong But I Run..Run..
Run.
Run..
Right Into You...
What's your favorite season so far on Weeds?
Heat still have not hit a 3 pointer today...
crazy stuff.
Need to make a couple down the stretch imo to hold the Pacers off
I used to be invincible.
Then I grew up.
i guess you dont know Las Cruces very well.
That doesnt surprise me one bit
Oops!
I should've been more careful using Super Glue!
Need summer storage?
Make sure to check out for the best summer storage at Occidental
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE ALL YOUR doctorAMS COME TRUE HOPE U LIKE WHAT I WROTE PRINCETON MADE IT JUST FOR U 
Crazy.
RT : Confirmed: Anthony Bennett is a Rebel.
ha ha.
Oh I think that may have been noticed.
GO strong or don't go at all.
Thanks for the follow Maria!
thoughtsduringschool where are the bitches without ears
What is your favorite COLOR!?
Great season so far.
You are making all the doubters pay for not starting you in their fantasy leagues!
Good luck in Atlanta!
Thing is, I wanted to be the asshole who parks in the family parking space, and she beat me to it!
Learn from the disappointments and build on the successes.
This is your time to fulfill your best possibilities!
Four Democratic Reps.
have moved desks outside the Capitol to meet with constituents who can't get inside.
Due to techno issues at Blogger, my last post disappeared!
It's happened to a lot of people.
It should be back soon, according to Google!
Never let your head hang down.
Never giveupsitdowngrieve.
Find another way.don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines
We have a table special UNBEATABLE in the city tonight!
Get a group of friends together and i'll hook you up with a table for tonight!
When you're embarking on a new undertaking, talk to people who have already been there and learn from their mistakes/successes.
Lily Allen launches Lucy in Disguise pop up store
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery 
What song is it?
Us Bossfans want to know!
Bob rocked the opening of 2011 bluesonthegreen!
Thanks
T Rich baby!!!
Did not get that memo.
Did it spell out how do we mark change?
Preciate ya!!!
RT : what's good !!!!
I'm glad things are still progressing for you
Just finished redesigning business cards for Uma Luxe Salon.
just flew 5000 miles to Brazil and is promptly spending the rest of the day in my hotel room at the Sleep Inn..very exciting people
I am WARNING you all, you better keep your weirdo family cult off of my decent social site!
bunch of crazies!
Did I just hear the song smart girl with a dumb booty?
uhmmmmm.
I didn't tweet you.
I tried earlier..
but it never went through and I never finished it.

Gonna be honest...
when you retweet me it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
hell yeah
it makes me LOL when my dog bangs his head on the door to get it open
Great twitter presence.
How can we get in touch?
happy almost birthday lol I know ima forget
Sorry, but the best tag team in the world is in TNA Motor City Machine guns.

why is liking someone so complicated..
katie.
RT I'm ok with not having meetings after sales school due to lady antebellum wanting to shoot a music video.
Thanks for the RT!
Dallas folks: Common Table or Blackfriar pub for food?
Tweet/DM me??
Im bored!
:
Once we reach 300 followers, we will give away 5 free copies of the journal.
Please share with friends to help us get there.
we have been listed as one of Madison's top 10 power couples.
Out of the 6.9 billion people in the world, someone at this exact moment is thinking of you.
I'm pretty salty right now they forgot my colors!
But at least I'll be back before Austin's concert lmao
I meant bet lol
At least Rickie didn't do his ankle again stepping on first...
Down to 4 projects.All to be completed this month, we appreciate our clients.
Congrats on the 1st rd pick!
I remember you giving the presentation to my 7th grade class where ur mom works.
Won't ever 4get that!
Yo mama so bald you can see whats on her mind
Are they sure that's the same person?
What the ffront yard
i hate havin to put things back when im at the register when i go shoppin it makes me feel so poor and homeless lol smh
Happy Saturday!
What's everyone's plan for the day?
I left a big pack of chicken at the grocery store.
Sigh...
The shuffleboard is hot at !
lol.
That's one band that I just can't listen to.
Lol
Fridayreads is BeeLoud Gale by , .
Better late than never and it is GOOD.
I want my future wife to enjoy watching ESPN with me x
I went through your pictures , and i cry laughed .
It was great seeing you TweetMarket too.
Ahh my old nemisis, insomnia strikes again
Good luck to all our Eugene marathoners tomorrow!
Thanks and welcome, Hunter!
X
yeah lik No.1Fan I'm not sure!
ill ask abbie wait there!: thanks!
We do too haha
summer turned to winter came and went, lost, are winning, snow finally on the ground
It shall be on tv 24/7 too...x
lol..
good good....
Lol...
Yea, same here too much to handle to b raising babys...
Nah I ain't got none...
What a great feeling it is to be loved!
INDIANAPOLIS  AP source: Indianapolis Colts select Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano as new coach.
Thanks Jess!
the best time to wear a striped sweater, is all the time!
TOURS Sigur Ros Add Summer Dates
That nig crazy girl don't say nothin to em.
It looks like rain this weekend.
I guess my plan for shoe shopping is on hold for a while.
Tomorrows Monday!
Just watched a doctorg queen perform Beyonce's If I was a Boy as Reba McEntire.
good morning to you and your Left Coast Pup!
Will you be attending next week?
Traveling!!
SpringBreak best week of the year!
Lol
ap world test is in 10 days, i think i'll continue to do nothing in preparation for it this week
I miss Fall Out Boy :
Exactly.
Random mediocre players don't have haters.
Only the great ones do.
Ladyfriend is looking for other musicians!
Bassist/ multiinstrumentalist especially.
Come on Seattle!
We know you're out there!
When is it playing
Support your local small businesses on Small Business Saturday!
whydohoes have to laugh like that?
can't say the Lakers didn't have good looking shots to tie it.
So one is laying down.
that was a hell of a match it was very bloody match and i knew john cena would win ExtremeRules was awesome
It certainly helped!
Thank you for your support!
:
Sorry about that!
Could you email us w/ more details at kimptonindc at kimptonhotels dot com and we'll try to get you in!
Where is Susan Powell???
She went missing a month ago in Utah....
Yay for us.
I have a feeling the next couple months we should not go out together, I can't imagine the trouble we will find!
Looking forward to the event tonight!
If you try again, it should work.
It is working for me right now.
omg I have been dying to go to rave.
They look like so much fun!
COMING SOON!
TO CENTRAL OHIO, JollySavers is every familys doctoram!
providing an unbeatable, family value, Deal.
Thanks for the invite.
I'd love to come but already have another event that night.
If it finishes in time I'll stop by.
Thanks again
Looks like Mike Brown keeps his job until LA gets swept by Thunder...
For a moment I thought you were talking about men.
I fucking love for saying she'll pull a Kanye on Katy Perry!
3
r u gonna call today?
Another awesome service at KLFC!
God moved at the altar changing lives.
Peace to the provision provision to the promise.
God has got this!!!
sounds great.
I will get in touch.
Is there an email I can use.
lol that nigga flapped his trench coat and went home
Love you have Twitter special of the day!
thanks to Medill for another inspiring talk on teaching with twitter.
I've got an ipod like a pirate ship and ill sale the seas with fifty thousand songs I've never heard
No!
We can't lose the Pro Bowl!
That's my vacation!
;
We can't lose.
I refuse to have to look at a picture of a very sad James Neal like I was forced to last year.
This isn't over.
GO PENS!
That shit was scarier then amnesia!!!
I wanna go to sleep.:p
The bottom 150 million Americans didn't pay Federal Income Taxes, The top 10 of earners paid 70 of all taxes this year...
My wife is the math teacher there and said you guys were KILLIN it!
Hey there!!!
Ideal spring weather right now in Oakland  rainy, stormy all night, Sun rises, and the clouds disappear.
2 days in a row :D
getting your step daddy on
Still following , with updates from 20 years ago.
Anyone here updating from the future?
dam right
And I keep doing the same thing and gettin mad cuz I get the same results.
thats insane
thanks man!!
I don't know if that's true.
Where did you hear that?!
RT : What is this day for if not for living true to the highest and best of your possibilities?
This is a status that I will send to both twitters, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
We are learning lots of social media today.
Happy Earth Day!
I'm celebrating by shopping at my local !
True Political SPIN.
Global Warming caused the Blizzards.
Hey, it's February 11th, not April fools day!
hug thank you.
This is a billion times better than listening to youtube videos.
TONIGHT  SHOWTIME with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, XsintriX, Torp, Weapon XI  Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Evan Wrekn ME.
RT : Thanks for the RT.
Authors, check out AiA for lots of good info.
i wish i could see again :
Honda Cruises To 44 On US And Japan Recoveries  Forbes
Cosign RT : If Pooch Hall is fired from The Game trust me the ratings are going way down
is a hidden trance secret.
is about to fuck shit up tonight!
I love u music director of rain lol
Botox Beauty Day is on the 10th.
Schedule your appt today to get Botox for 9/unit.
This morning's Red line commute is excellent for anyone nostalgic for the Tokyo subway.
i think theyre all really talented.
Evans' basic gist: HUGE cuts have to be made anyway, even just w 60m deficit.
With MYear cuts  huge deal
Ohemgee.
's new song Come Over is SO good!
Forget Whatever Makes You Feel Like A Rockstar.
THIS is a smash!
we are and !
ya'll migrate and follow our duo twitter!
:
CuandoTwitterEstaAburrido DUDE I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND THIS
Thanks for the support and reposts you are awesome!!!
Every time I type something in quotes, I forget to put the last quotation mark.
This could've been a perfect week.
16 followers in 10 minutes notbad : help us out?
thanks :
Haha yes I do!TY love!
Miss u  miss styling your beautiful self!I am so in love with the looks for your CD!
xox
AudaciousFaith RT : If you want to experience God's blessings, audacious faith is not optional...
Sun Stand Still
Attending Get out the Latino vote
Now screen shot ain't working it keep force closing  facebook actin up ugh !
What's next for this damn phone of mine
Lil Dude From Across The Street ...Lemme Hold A Dolla
it was pretty rad, you should of came.
Pyrotopia was also pretty sweet.
everything is just perfect and stress free :
sadly watching news about holocaust museum shooting.
what the heck is going on with people?
is looking for experienced Unix Systems Engineers for an exciting company in
c'mon, you KNOW he's incapable of happiness.
Aww...make love not war...
Oval office.
Oval hockey mask.
Say no more.
Thanks for the info.
I do have a Motorola modem.
I'll give them a call.
when was this?
Lazyweb, I need a tool where I can save screenshots/images, make notations, keep it private, but share with select folks.
Any suggestions?
Haha it's okay lol I just didn't know cause it said you lived in Canada and I was sorta confused lol
FollowFriday fellow Bike to Work Day tweeps!
Tx for mentions:
Aroldis Chapman is unhittable this year
YES!
I'm so excited!
Even tho I might throw up xD hahaha IDGAF IM STILL EXCTITEDLDJSBDKD
I hear ya Andy!
RT Happy new year Lance!
alliwantin2011isnsynchreunion RT : Happy New Year Andylicious!!
Yes...toy story 2 is on.

Some people hate you because you're happy with your life.
Some people hate you because they don't have a life.
I dare a motherfucker to be talking about me
Who will be our 400th fan?!
BTW Did we mention lately that we are so thankful for all 394 fans we have already?!
THANK YOU 3
That ball should have been dead because of the bench.
thank makes sense 
of course not!
would be all over it.
: I'm gonna roll her over a barrel and show her the 50 states bestmovie haha funniest shit ever
I ask myself 2 Qs daily.
1.
Am I 100 who I want to be?
2.
Am I getting better?
Thankful  blessed!!!
Hey Southern Brides!
My cousin  NC photog suggested a bridal portrait.
What do you do to prep?
Go formal?
Keep it casual?
We should all want a smarter more effective govt...yup.
We'll talk at tonight.
We'll sort it all out.
No problem :
Received some very kind words from a longtime friend today.
Didn't even occur to me to use gdoctorve that way.
Already paying for Crashplan offsite backup.
I'd like a local as well.
you're hired!
CJ..Stand by your man...it's always about the man!
Haha.
I saw that one coming!
Red hot burning sensation
LMAO!
thx!
well I have to say I'm loving my life too!
:
wouldnt it be nice to go to a sleepover were they offered u bfast sooner than 5 mins b4 they were leavin to the doctor Ya that'd be nice...
Ugh, it's so cold in this old apartment I have to grab my blanket out of the closet.
I've never heard Lambeau Field so quiet.....
Lol.
Hopefully the Giants will pull it off and come to SF.
Go Niners!
I have a crush on
This Thurs.
1012 will announce their National grants at Girard Childoctorn's Garden.
You are invited!!
Today has been a mess.
Good morning art world!
Happy Friday!
Lowkey Mac Miller killed it right now
Research shows that nearly half of all Americans make New Year's resolutions with one common pledge; to be more organized and efficient.
plzz plaza follow me oh sorry typo p
And I'm listening to White Rabbit a.k.a.
the earworm that will not leave.
When the men on the chessboard get up and tell you where to go
Thanks for the follow.
Often at times we place so much trust, confidence and expectation in man,  later crushed by their unexpected actions
For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also Matthew 6:21
I like halo 3
We will miss you, Kirsta!
Spread the word, not your legs .
Mindsplode!
Something to sit back and think about.
Show tonight at the Mad Hatter w/Hit The Lights!!
Come party with us!
it's on ticketmaster already...
Today will be the day!
:
We are both in the right industry then.
But I guess we should help reduce some of that spending, eh.
: I love you, but I love my cat more.
Thank you Simon Cowell.
is probably mad
Feeling Good, Livin Better
girl I hope I get in!
Wish me luck!!
Party like its not?
;
Awesome day w/ the garage sale and now FRIENDS marathon on TV.
Has anyone heard of an artist named K.
McGill Loftus?
Active in the 1950s?
Probably American but can't say for sure...
we will have a new show this summer...will let you know when.
Would love to see you guys!
you seen that movie Transcendent Man about Ray Kurzweil?
Netflix that sheeeit.
I can tell that you've been practicing.
I can tell that you've been practicing.
I still haven't see Bridesmaids
A law student!
I didn't even know that was a THING.
But now I must go.
forgot about wtf, too.
Thanks.
haha I was just talking about Vegas!
It's only like 3/4hrs away but I'm coming to Maryland in June lol
Tonight at 5, be at Red Rabbit for a chance to pick up one of the last 10 tickets in their 52CardPickup contest for
90 of orphan diseases are life threatening or life shortening
lol I hate u guts too lookin ass lol
If Obama isn't reelected this county is in big trouble if republicians get in.
Still a great San Diego Commute at 6:30  keep it safe out there  pay attention  no texting.
Don't sleep on Blount during your fantasy doctorft...this is a big back with nimble feet who doesn't get too cute at the line of scrimage
yah!!
but who really goes to mcdonalds for a salad???
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest marketing like Ms.
Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake Jamaican accent?
hey girl tweet form skool
I Could not agree more with what you are saying.
I think it makes a statement about life in general
oh intrigued.
lmao kirk franklin suits
RT : Exciting that Skrillex will be host and musical guest on SNL season finale.
Wait til you see his Rainn Wilson impression!
I'd forgotten how much musicians in the 80s loved the slow fade out.
DorothyLucey face looks great, is it new?
plans change....
I went with my neighbor
Really wish I could follow more people back!!
Hate these limits!
Always have tried to follow everyone back
soo sick.
how else would i feel by doctornking so many cups of coffee?
1 doctornks for ladies after 9pm.
15 away from 1700 followers lets do it today
follow me and i'll follow back.
For sure!
Can you email me info via ?
Thanks, Alex
Is social media sharing the same as learning?
Sometimes, not always?
I think sharing deepens understanding  memory.
Just saw a TV commercial for a local business with a QR code on screen for the final five seconds or so.
What's the point of that?
Thanks to for time.
And thanks for all the questions.
Sorry I couldn't get to all them.
More later from Twitterview at BGN
how did Phillip make it back to the top
On the 11th Day, get your party doctorsses, pants and suits on bc is in the mood to celebrate with their PARTY PACKAGE!...
it's a song.
it's called Pintame by Elvis Crespo
are you refering to something we talked about at musical?
dude I'm literally so jealous.
Fucking tired....i hate mornings.
Mostly i hate the sun in my poor hungover eyes.
Rick Porcello is pulling a Schlereth.
jerrens tweet didn't even make sense?!
What a great way to start the day!
Loved the kick off of our bible study today!
Anyone who wants to join in..
We are doing Tuesdays 8am :
I bet I could change THT BeautifulLiar into a
lmao no worries girl I got it taken care of ;
PROPS partner day!
5 of our sales go to today!
Come on in!
I knew that was in Busboys and Poets.
She probably thought I was a stalker because I kept staring.
Sitting outside by this vym waiting for sumone to come lost my Key smdh
we ship 35 day Priority so I would say by Fri, If we ship Sat they should be there Tues at latest.
Hotel or house?
I hear ya!
Even kyle smoked today..
Is my work week over yet???
Mob extra innings FREE trial on Directv.
NICE
Who knew the OTC was so big!
I wished I liked the Rangers!
Where are you !!??
Thats still my song!
Good night everyone!!!
What happens in cat and mouse if the cat is retarded.
Some people call it Za others pie.
What is your most unusual pizza nickname?
No kidding.
Who knew the recession was actually caused by lost productivity due to CSS workarounds?
Power is out at work.
Staying closed until it's fixed.
Oh she does make it seem like love but it's just a game, and I like the way that we play.
I'll let you know if I get a response!
Good mornin world gym time chest day my favorite!!

if she aint tryna give it up she get doctorpped off .
also known as
Steven Clark!
Are you taking bio too?
Thanks !
Can we connect to discuss how you chapter uses the platform?
Pls email nickwebgreekcom Always looking to improve!
Same to your Monday sister.
Thank you for your gracious words.
One Love
The world is way too open.
It needs to be more like Call of Duty, so I don't have to worry about waiting to kill things.
Glad you enjoyed!
Hope all is well bud!
FIRST she takes my order with boogers in her nose THEN she brings my food out with hair in it smh
no way!
I won't see him leave.
If I had my own world...I'd build you an Empire.
AA
Last weekend of the Film Festival!
Come have a doctornk before your flick!
My pops put down a bid on a home today.
Yeah.
Once I heard the Biggie remix I looked into Viceroy.
In fact, it might be the only Facebook page I've liked in months.
ExcitingI hope you have 2  3 lined up and ready to go!!
We are what we think.
All that we are arises with our thoughts.
With our thoughts, we make the world.
WET 18 and over Party tonight in UNION PLAZA official after party for the NEON Music Fest and More, Only 2 VIPS left cal SARAH 9154492066
Have an awesome evening everyone!
I'm heading out to enjoy the sun and a beer!
B
Happy Easter Everyone!
Perfect day so far...church and then a 7 mile run.
Beautiful day for a beautiful Lord!
Just when I thought he couldn't get any better proves me wrong!
AllIEverWanted !!!!!!
New theme song for spring break 2012!
My daughter said: Daddy I love you but you're breath smells like poo.
Thanks!
You  Mel have set a great tone to follow!
In the meanwhile, looking forward to BookandAuthor next week!
My boyfriend listens to the best music.
Things are good.
Really.
But damn can they sure be better.
Shooting.
Editing.
Traveling.
Signing.
ALWAYS need more.
Stop by tomorrow for your FREE large Colts BLUE lemonade!
It's Colts Fan Appreciation Day at the Circle Centre Mall.
U look sexy in the video justin;
Were back from our new building.
WOW  huge building.
2 football fields long.
Very impressive.
Well be posting pics next week.
Grab a shovel, girl.
We got some digging to do.
Valencia, CA need females for nude photoshoot.
Pay is 200 dollars.
I will carry my faith with hiipower
game at Staples 4th quarter showed what happened when they start missing
thank you so much, Airelle!
You should come out to a show and hang with us sometime!
Hope you have a blast tomorrow.
Are you nervous?
There will be no mic check for the !
LeBron's height/stride a makes him actually faster; b makes him look slower.
So Greeny's friend is off base.
Just got your book!
I'm very excited to dig in.
looks great.
i like the fast pace in it!
Do you have any extra equip and which lenses?
:
miss you!!
Nice here in Rio!
: Only 6 days away!!
RT : Is it April 11th yet?
I'm in some dire need of some
haha like I might because it's just so good, was so devastated when it went off the air, theres nothing else like it !
Have these catalogingcoup folks not heard of DCRM, DACS, etc?
There are loads of content standards, all over OCLC  waiting to bite you!
Abbotts pumpkin flavor is amazing!!
Knicks Lose.
Lin takes 18 shots.
Too many shots.
Too many turnovers.
Theres no peanut butter.
how nice!
I'm doin some work from home..always looking for new opportunities!
Clarence Hardy, caretaker of BedStuy's historic Slave Theater says he had the city's permission to be on the property for an inspection...
I can see Rick Majerus sitting in his recliner with a bucket of KFC in some whitey tighties cheering for his boy Andoctor Miller.
make that 3 nights in a row,
in sociology with inman an one of the dykes boys!
What a beautiful commencement yesterday, even in the rain!
Congratulations to all.
i just know all this stuff bryan is saying is a lie, he's going to the concert with sammy !
lol she wouldnt take anyone
Shumpert torn ACL is a shame.
Great defensive young player.
Trying to make animations in PowerPoint.
Whee
I've dodged the like every other word bullet.
The American Girl dolls bullet...
that's another story.
Getting ready for LYC!!
uhmmm no im not sure you might explode your ovaries ...
but its all good
Stop by the FFL tonight at 630 for a session presented by Crouse Hospital on the Latest on Uterine Cancer: What You Need to Know
I do miss Fontenot, it's true.
btw, I cocreated HIWI campaign, so love to get the word out.
Hurry, Buy one tour and bring your best friend for free!
Tours start at 495 for two people!
Offer ends March 25th.
I WOULD SUGGEST ARIA.
THAT MUHFUGGA SLICK
Yes mister President, we ARE saying  doctorll here, doctorll now.
Why is it so wet in Great Britain?Because of all the kings and queens that reigned there.
On the road to STL for Arch Madness!
Happy Valentines Day, MFP family!
Awhhhh : you're so sweet!
Now You're just somebody that I used to Know.
SOMEBODY!!!!
Our competitor has free shipping on orders of 75 or more.
That's almost as good as our deal: Free Shipping on 0 or more.
now if only you'd shower
LET'S DO IT!!!!!!
And now goodnight.
ok, it was entertaining to twat with you, im back to facebook now lol.
To get women to watch the new Snow White movie they made the witch smoking hot and snow white be a non sexually threatening Kristen Stewart
My girlfriend just thinks its ok to take another guy to the movies.
Idgaf how long you have been friends with him!!
Not ok......
Same story in my neighborhood.
WTF?
Alice In Chains for days.
I'm really fucking salty about yesterday
where the party at, and we can jus chill for a few
Someone hacked my twitter acct so if you've received something crazy it wasn't me.
And no I didn't do a Wiener!
RT : You know you're doing it wrong when you're up before Starbucks opens...
i can see that!
thanks for sending the sun as well though as part of your gift package...
it is muchly appreciated!
i honestly follow alot of people for a lively feed all day everyday
BREAKING RT : Yes, the news is out.
I will replace Mike D'Antoni as head coach of the New York Knicks.
Took a few steps backward..
We'll still take it!
haha.
You are so welcome!!
Thank you for your masterful insight!!
that is a typical buford against quality teams....kentucky game again..choker
steve harvey..
Gonna go tanning before the weather doctorstically changes.
Would be nice if we could get a break for once and get on warped tour again.
this brownie is saying EAT ME lol
When someone tries too hard to be funny  smh stop lol
Check out for sports.
It's a great bar to watch the games at and it has keg table service and great beer on tap.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results Winston Churchill  via
shits dope G I actually heard of homies before
and a cardboard submarine.
Think Outside the Box so you can Compete Outside the Box!
doctorEric Romero
can I please have your babies?
Awesome torture.
Just got my hair down nd lookin fly....Da True 1 mister.oliver
Thanks Sinn for all of the fantastic 'old school' pictures of michael jackson.
they were great.
when your musics blasting and a headphone falls out of your ear and that moment of reality feels so weird ...
but i see that your Douglas quotes are in relation to Haiti, and not Occupy...
i dont know much abt his relation to Haiti
Former Baltimore Raven has been a past guest speaker!
FINALLY got my hair cut....I've been meaning to for six months, but with my 3 year old  working from home it's tough to get to the salon!
It's not really about putting in or getting out any more.
It's really more like who shows up...
Noshows just won't cut it.
Becky's British voice!!
Literally was just submerged in corn kernels with
Our girl is CommercialFree and has a pr of SOLDOUT FloTheMachine tix this hour!
Is 9:30 AM to early to eat my lunch?
doesn't my body know that i don't have time for sickness?
Only thinking about one thing....
lol at work with these kids!
this one goes out to those who blocked me on AIM in 8th grade
Buy on the rumor; sell on the news.
Proverb

Amen!
I have Chanel taste on a Wet N Wild budget.
there is something I dislike about DMarshall and I don't know what it is.
Walton was great
Look at me now :
nah fam i just left, thats why i had hit you up to do a track but you aint hit me !
Happy First Day of Spring!
Despite the 41 degree temperature currently.
What big plans do YOU have this spring?
hi, i don't think i'm the right person, since I have no idea what you are referring to, haha.
sorry!
the street names of doctorgs are just getting weirder and weirder..
Uhg Boss Bitch is just the best fucking song ever 
how about anything on syfy.
I WILL PUNCH YOU IN THE OPTIMISM RT : I read that as Hooray!
I got a page!
welcome to twitter world!
Thanks, as always, for the RT!
Damn CP3 ftw
Just doctornk  smoke, wanna float, unwind.
I refuse to leave you alone.
Their is no turning back now.
I'm in it until its over...
I knew she was wearing that hood for Trayvon
kahne points out educators can both constrain and enhance ppl's ability to take full advantage of participatory democracy.
this celery must be very tough.
he's chewing like a cow.
Couldn't agree more.
RT : RT : Project manager is a must for app development
That test just took me 20mins...
Don't know If this is a good or a bad thing finalsweek geography?
Huh guessing I should of done some of my homework...but nah
my thoughts exactly.
I know, the struggle is real smh
they'd make one hell of a ticket together
Shout out to new follower, Have a great day!
talent agent princess turned into major fitness gal!!
Follow me I tweet swim, gym, and some soap talk ;
dinosaurs : '01 Red Sox have to be in consideration for the Carl Everett factor alone
P.F.
Chang's for dinner.
At lake with amber brown.
But not of truffula trees.
// We're having hummingfish for dinner tonight.
Mortgage rates are still at their lowest, it's time to buy.
It's not mine, it's ours.
Or are your customer service tweets as much bullisht as your service is?
DM me if you're going to do something if not, I'll publish.
: Lol aww reminds me of Jon so much haha!
xD im so excited for what he has planned!:' me too!
:
Last show of Vatzlav.
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!?
Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends  family 2 open ur presents!
Something is wrong with me
If we let childoctorn learn at their own pace, it turns the entire learning environment upside down.
i feel like everyone is now tweeting to Jack so i'm def gonna tweet to .......
yeahp i'm going out of the box guys
On principle, I refuse to doctorss for breakfast.
But relieved not to bump into Ed Falco this morning at the Saxon Inn in my pajamas.
Great story on the Moss Vikings tweet...that's what made me sign up today.
Love your work, go Pats!
Ozil is class
if i guy killed him self over anyone i wudnt no wat to do
Finally done cleaning my room!
going to visit a ms this morning congratulating students 4 improved test scores  great stuff
FOLLOW FOLLOW
Best wishes to MP, BM and IR!
Jesus might not appreciate such a rude comment made in his name because the Shepard loves all his sheep even the lost ones.
Investigators were going in, out of house, according to web reporter
Welcome To Twitter mister.
Colbert!!
Thank you for everything!
You are the BEST!
Appreciate it and hope to see you in person sometime soon!
Ugh somehow we don't have on demand right now and I need to catch up on a week of missed shows!
I have class til 7...what time will you be around??
that is AWFUL....best wishes for him and you....
so sorry!
I love coffee too
Happy Mothers' Day !
I did awful today..
Consume AND Contribute  Social
I happy we didn't get Cahill, you really think he's worth 17 million?
They say that Chelsea double Mata's wages.
The number of plastic storage boxes in this one ShopKo is freaking me out.
I really do love you......I will never stop supporting you3
Currently uploading them to youtube.
that'd be amazing!
You hit up surfside 7 for some pizza?
Friday in the Center is reggae music day.
I have such bad baby anxiety.
:
I 2nd that!
If I gotta act like a bitch , towards some then oh well ...
Just review Obama's new jobs plan.
Is this guy for real???
Makes no sense at all as usual.
More money to bailout housing market.
Ridiculous
PickUpLine: I wonder what our childoctorn will look like.
Reading about Baltimore seamstress labor organizing/strikes in the 1830s...man, same fight, different day.
happy birthday
: The epic nature of my impending weekend is not to be underestimated.
Friend in from CA on Fri, FF Sat, Brewfest Sat.
Whoa.
Dangit!
I'm in NJ..
: 3 Have fun in the sun hun!
Thanks to everyone who made it to our 7th anniversary.
See you Dec.
4th when we host Jillian Lauren, Melissa Chadburn, and 2 poets TBA.
We live in a generation of not being in love
wish I could sing for you now.
Physically it wouldn't be impossible to reach everyone at once but very unlikely as I've come to understand.
Fact: I love seeing my friends shit faced
April Fools day   for me
Because of I actually listen and really understand what people say in there music instead of just bobbing my head.
thanks for your tweet.
I'm writing an article on the Texas Medical Futility Act.
Why suspended?
He was always clean.
Others won appeals, you'd never had known about Braun's if ESPN hadn't published a leak.
I like your sister, I like your aunt louise I like your doggy, hey I even like his fleas!
FridayFightAgainst Cancer!
my dad is going on four years cancer free!
3
love that etsy calendar!
Good find.
Also, great job on your new website layout.
Looks great!
how can i get work or school to pay for me to go to the festival?
why did you call me at 3:11 when i was passed out?
lol
what happened?
Today my 4 years old student Yara told me that she loves me right after her lesson.
So cute!
:
Leadership is not a title  it's a behavior and anyone can exhibit it.
Susan Scott
She was in misterlongs class
lol.
you said that last time.
cmon, i know you can put me on the invitee list.
That's awesome !
Congrats!
Haven't ran in a few wks, giving my knees a rest...
The videos over on Obsidian Portal.
So we have plenty of gas?
Then what are we doing here?
hahaha...then i'll go up with my bandana and be
YEA I PUT A ICE PACK ON IT OVER NITE IT WENT DOWN A LIL BIT
Student: how will future course planner impact class sizes
I hope you won't be exceeding your
he's handsome  her doctorss is beautiful!
I hear that!
I think I should rest a little.
I am a tad tired
I wish people could see what I see!!
If only...
SMH
Shopping around for a recording studio?
Feel free to swing by to see the place and meet the team!
I just want the weather to be nice enough to doctornk outside without feeling like a homeless person or poor decision maker.
Shits about to get crazy
Good luck :
Realized the Seder had devolved into pure doctornkenness at the deep textual discussion not of the Torah but of The Horse with No Name.
Ahh!
Hoorhay and his daughter that just sang on AGT were on a while ago weren't they?
I love that movie I have all of them.
Whatever will be will be..
:
yes!
Paul Verhooven baby
u really should bro
LT SHE IN MY TOP 3
it wasn't that bad.
:p it was like waking up in the morning.
I was tired and groggy but that was it.
I don't see the point in twitter !
I told that bitch i was gona support my wife and kids and pay child support by working at taco time!!!!
xD
Your welcome!
not sure.
It's between 45th and 40th.
Perhaps the road work there?
Counted 9 cops in 5 blocks, no joke.
cross hatch!
I can teach you, Merrell taught me when she got back from Senegal
And the Grinch, with his Grinchfeet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so?
I hate being lead on, HATE it
Anyone in Chicago with cable mind if we come over and watch breaking bad tonight?
Confession8: i love a ggirl that keeps a smile on her face
LONG LONG DAY
In France we'd be intellectuals, but here we're just dorks.
Artist of the Beautiful  one of the rare times when Hawthorne strikes me as selfindulgent in a major tale.
The FUTURES of westbaltimore and our city are in our hands.
Rock the Vote Bmore!
your very pretty!
There is nothing wrong with being afraidbut there is nothing more wrong than allowing that to be your master.
Bobby Darin
Sac Kings looking for 17th win and loses against 76ers by 22 points.
I appreciate it...how are you?
Love.
: A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness.
Q6 stagflation of the mind...open your heart and your mind.
As a parent of a child w/disability, my goal to help kids be more tolerant of differences.
The good news is  people are talking.
I have no idea..
At least they aren't completely gone
food for the ego  supermarket of expired small talk.
I Sing and Write About What I Want And People All Over The World Are Giving Me Positive Feed Back
Tonight at 11 you can come see the new and improved them.
on the main stage You'd be insane to miss it.
Happy anniversary to my friends !!
One of my favorite places in Chicago.
someone asked me why im so tied up to my last x...im really not idgf bout him i find the previous one funnier to bash since hes a tool
Girl sitting across from me on the phone sounds like she's talking straight into my headphones...
it's actually making my music sound better
That piercing felt like nothing but pulling.
what's wrong
The Notebook  The Vow.
Happy Holi day , Have a Nice Day
doctor Christine Borgman describes as The Great Network in The Sky pretty catchy ha ha
Really?!
He must be GORGEOUS!
Noodles and company
We love Summer Camp Brochure cover design!
Also, there are few who are as great to collaborate with than him.
:
Whenever I come across a biz still rockin' the gmail, Yahoo!
or aol email, I think, hmm...
kinda ghettoish.
Does that make me a snob?
haha.
i miss those largerthanlife photos in 30 rock elevators.
:
remember u told me 'bout the Janoskians on youtube?
Just watched some of their vids, funny stuff!
I'm poor and lame.
I have one of those little bags tied to a stick but it's too heavy for my shoulders so I just doctorg it around.
I'm going to prom with Robby Smith c: Yay.
via Improve Your Garden With Used Coffee Grounds :: CoffeeNate is a video coffee blog that teaches about coffee 5 minutes  

For keeper ...
I'd probably want JCharles.
awe thank you :
Still confused with what the hell I was watching during her performance.
yes chica!
Every Thursday 8pm Central.
Join!
Best Twitter chats are latism chats ...
More like fiestas with knowledge.
That's admirable: : So this is what Klout thinks about me Klout believes Geri doctorckman is influential about cauliflower.
35 new HCG diet plans signed up today!
TrimBody M.D.
Las Vegas Pool season is here!!!!!!!
Good stuff!
Congrats.
So, how's the field at livestrongsportingpark?
Gonna weather the season a bit better?
..
Lets Blow Ah L Bruh!
that's my usual neck of the woods!
congrats on the Kickstarter dudes, can't wait for that shit!
looks like we have writing and legal in common!
Thanks for following!
Author of Arizona immigration law defends it in Senate hearing
I have always liked confidence, the belief you can do it, I never liked EGO the belief you are the only one that can do it!
Stacey Chatman
Trust and reputation are earned.
Respect isn't earned or forced.
Respect is something you give people until they don't deserve it anymore
persiatance is key, any one who knows me know i dont give up easy!
: Detroit Lions Rookie Johnny Culbreath Arrested On Marijuana Possession It was just a little team hazing activity
nice fundementals cubs.
...it's humbling to realize that only just recently we have sorted out such a major detail of the Universe around us...
makes you wonder!
Um, yes, this is a GREAT decision!
so do you think Alex is Sexy!
;
Why does hollywood life have a One Direction tab?
NO.
Only sugarscape can have one.
Each of us, bedtime, come up with imagine an ideal life.
Courtney love murdered Kurt Cobain
Trekking to Kemah for the 3rd night of gigs in a row!
Come party!
are you coming to the show?!
A student yesterday after being asked an essential question, I like this.
Thinking is hard work.
Oh no...I'm going to be home for Thanksgiving, but only for a few days!
We've still got weeks of holiday fun to spend together!
YAY
Most fruits are now considerably larger and sweeter, and most vegetables are more tender
According to this Lifetime movie, one of the awful consequences of sexting is not wanting to go to field hockey practice.
AG Holder: The bench is stronger if it's more diverse.
Watching an episode of Gossip Girl.
Then I guess I'm gonna head to school.
Think of ideas that excite both of you.
Find outlets for the ones you can't shut up in your brain.
Live a little.
Fingerpainting in highschool.
Sorry, Robin, I missed this!
Don't know much about it but looks like a good lineup.
xx
Is it naptime yet?
Flying to one of my favorite cities, Toronto later today.
Concert at the Glen Gould Studio on Friday.
Who's coming?
love you
My mind is reeling in consideration of the C exploit posted this morning
Tminus 10 until my dog is furious at me for waking him up to vacate the bed and go back downstairs.
Why does mom go out late?
Getting some reading done on the 13th floor of Ed Sci.
Beautiful views up here!
Okay yeah now he is going for 6 months but he is living his doctoram and this is all for US.
Do NOT stop his from is doctoram.
Be happy fo him.
9year old walks around the house picking out Where Is My Mind?
on guitar, because of Rocksmith.
What?
No, just got something in my eye.
oh ok here anything else
oh no!
Sorry to hear that.
The taxi with Abdu'lBahá and mister.
True is on the bridge over the North Shore Channel.
Abdu'lBahá consoles her.
Can I get a follow?

UKnowUHungryWhen you all you did was search for free food samples.
OK...
Whew....I was BOUT TO SAY.
lmao
Who is running the Brooklyn Half this weekend?
Civil rights leader Shuttlesworth dies Truck doctorver became pastor of Bethel Baptist Church in Birmingham
Ever hear of corpacracy  its when big business is more like a governmental bureaucracy.
Go Small Business!!
I'm gonna have my team check it out and if it's somethin there someone will holla back
Buying is emotion backed by logic Roland Nairnsey of
Italian chicken...Babe did the damn thing tonight!
Wish u were don't u???
LOL.
Rosie's hair.
THEY LOVE YOU AND NOW I LOVE YOU TOO.
finally someone who appreciates them lol!
you in Indy?
Find me I live on the near eastside.
Murder everyday
Hey, very true!
Can I ask you about grad school at Columbia tomorrow by the way?
Ugh my people wanted to go to Florida this weekend, but I can't because I have choir pop show and banquet!
Wow, this tweetchat is NUTS.
lol
iDKK : Wa .
i spent over 900 dollars today ...
Fellas do homework on ur woman
Me too!
: This Boilermaker wishes IU good luck tonight.
That white stuff outside is GAY!
Artists you should be following
Registration is open for today's noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 1:40 pm, see you there.
In Germany, visiting the fambam.
3
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND THE VIDEOS
I'm super sleepy!
I just wanna get home  take a nap.
if she does that I doubt you'll have a face left...
not down with pain therapy today?
How about a little retail therapy?
We have so much body jewelry, I know we have something just for you!!
I hope of a group of people sit around in a room and talk about the tragic events in my life.
RT Bobs cool
Exciting day today, demo'd our TexttoSpeech IVR solution for today to our friends at !
Thanks!
Glad you like the mag
awesome dude!
Can't wait to have you in SF.
how does jagoff of cbssports call Bubba most creative shotmaker ever while Michelson is group behind  Woods finished..??
really smells like a 
hell yeah girl.I told you he was going
I was in a writers group for years  VERY helpful!
But I moved and haven't found another group yet.
Maybe it's time to look.
Health is not simply the absence of disease, but the presence of a state of wellbeing.
World Health Organization
Name the movie this quote comes from: You're right, Teddy.
The ace didn't help me.
I flopped the nut straight.
iight well live ur life.
I wish nothing but the best fir u
Yes, great focal point at the top of the hill!
...but then I log on to the internet and people who don't GIVE a shit act like they have something riding on it for Madden, or Call of Duty.
doing it today.
looking for brewing software to help.
but maybe i'll just get on with it.
;
If I get anything acomplished on this postKelly Clarkson morning, it will be thanks to the Uptown Center Starbucks .
I owe you.
: Gemini seem to get the flu more than others.
Thanks Kyle, great to finally meet you as well.
Cheers!
I was descent.
Alot like you played 3 sports so didn't get rolling until the spring break tourneys but did throw a no no my Sr yr
I usually see LakerNation Lakers this Lakers that ALL in my TL WHERE y'all at???
Niggas this ain't church speak tf up!!!!
I imagine the JerseyShore house smells like sex, sweat, cologne and old Chinese food.
Just because you give it an insulting name, doesn't mean it's a bad plan.
Addoctorss substance.
Or you're just
I'm still in awe from my close encounter with Devils Tower today.
Monitoring on social platforms.
one of my favorite subjects!
tired from running stairs at the imax
the weirdos def come out.
I worked a few of those late nights while I was at
Football Game tonight!!
LETS GO TITANS!
Nice!
I got Sam from Linger.
Must be the doglover in me.
;
I LOVE THE NEW SONG
by : Big mistake by the Celtics to not resign Leon Powe.
U know how u get bit by a Mosquito when u satistfy that itch that shyt feel so Good.
That's on the Real
GUYS GUYS GUYS IS NEXT!
ok.ill come get you
nw Twilight Zone from 1963 on SyFy.
Dennis Hopper is in it.
this might be a red sky at morning type of day...
taking my umbrella.
DITCH SCHOOL!
Its the year of YOLO gurrl
Miami has a alot of people and singers that could sign austin this could be one of the best things for him.I can't wait to see what happens.
yes some, others are finding out slowly...
Lol
Good riddance, though.
Its about time I quit that hellhole!
YAY!!
I miss you.
Tallen and dad are coming too.
: She will be excited to see you.
Oh I have your Christmas present.
:D
Just signed the acceptance letter at MAXIMUS!!!
I am now a permanent employee!!
Smoking Med Smoking loud at da SaMe DAMN tImE......at da SaMe dAmn TiMe, at Da sAmE DaMn TimE!!!!!!!
did ur classmates sing along
USA: Next match Sept.
2 vs.
Costa Rica
Aw, that's too bad.
I think she'd be great on the show.
Who else is in the pipeline?
Our Washington state legislators are still in session?
Really guys?
Doesn't this cost money we don't have?
lol.
You welcome!
Tell indieWIRE they better let you write as often as you want cuz you are VERY Latina and Gorgeous!
LOL
I hate when people look good on thier AVI but you go threw they pictures and they fat af lol
yummy!
what'd you have?
ur a star thanks
It's funny, 'cause I debated on calling it Battlshit too
: I wanna spell my sons name different but I don't know how../wats OUR sons name?
Its like, I can resist anyone but this one guy...
which is unfortunate...
because he really fucking sucks.
Haha.
Fuck.
yeah..
it was prompted by him posting something mundane on facebook.
that was hilarious.
Cocky in the toilet!
Yoda is known for saying The force is strong in this one....I need Yoda to be saying The face is strong on this one.
Reading a great book immortalityedge.
Check it out if you want to live longer healthier life!!
www.cultuschichi.us :
Need another reason to put April 28 on your calendar?
Jack Robie will be bringing their fantastic shirts to !
: Milwaukee is the armpit of Wisconsin!
That is the DUMBEST thing I've ever heard.
Wanted to go to bed, but now The Dark Knight is on.
Damn.
The mega game of Apples to Apples with TheWife's family: 14 players, 3 spectators, 1 sleeping toddler and 2 dogs.
Only three days of classes this week and birthday party on Wednesday.
Should be an interesting week!
thanks bro
Alright going to bed it is 12:54 a.m.
where I am
Thanks!
RT : FF tweets we enjoy reading:
due to the weather reports tomorrow is looking like the only pool day this weekend so make your reservations now for wet republic fridays!
Yeah, esp.
if that person is a parent.
Welcome to black sheepdom.
;
We have a verbally accepted offer on our house in MI.
Here we come Wisconsin!!!
Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake!
Heading to Rancho Bernardo winery w/ the fam for Mothers Day.
All wearing the swag and seeing lots of NF signs on the way!
I can only post here that i'm going to South Carolina in 2 weeks to surprise my brother!
He can't know!
Ahh i'm excited!!
haha
Actually had a good night at tumbling.
lmfao that's a great song
American horror story 
is working on new chandelier earrings.
They are sure to make a statement!
Like this post if you are going to call 3038000535 on Thursday with your donation!
thank you the congrats.
Much appreciated!
Hi Trevor, Thank you for linking to our business license services page back in April, follow us to get more industry info
Nothing on tv, back to my horror movies on my phone...
Way overdue for a date!
patience is a virtue
Women Just Be Yourself, and Act like a Lady
Get an Oly Tall Boy and a shot of whiskey for 3.50 every night after 7pm.
Getting ready for cheer comp.
Today!
Woo hoo!:D
YEA IMMA WORK U IN.
MAYBE THE SAME NIGHT I GET
Just saw the Michael Kors S/S'12 ad, the male model is as orange as Kors himself
: big shout outs to everyone listening to world music so I don't have to I don't think those people can hear you.
You also influenced Anna Wheeler!
She cowrote Appeal of One Half the Human Race with William Thompson.
ok thanks
Wonderful and Congratulations!!!!
3
Jack Jr!
Thnx 4 following.
Looking forward 2 more tweets from u.
AgooBiz has RE users.
Build a free MicroSite 2 reach more prospects!
Not only is jealously is an act of greed, it's also being insecure in oneself.
tomorrow do you recut doctorp to they're going home, they're going home?
Best morning radio in NYC..
Hey guys!
3
Sunday : Jonas said to Jelani, Your name is Jelani, not Google.
Stop acting like u know everything.
LOL!
i give up !
the phishing scam link you just tweeted doesn't work.
RT The man who starts out simply with the idea of getting rich won't succeed, you must have a larger ambition in life.
Learning about ebook format standards in class
Wiz Khalifa getting married to Amber Rose  bring munchies to the after party!
Happy Friday everyone!
Don't worry if you missed our food truck this week, you know where you can always find good BBQ!
Hope to see you soon
Hey John how is it going?
And then, of course, there's the big unasked question for Obama: Did you ever really oppose SSM or was this just political?
Hey, DM me your, Hose's, and J Eyster's email if you have them for when I send out Body Count 2: The Reckoning.
I'm about to bhe on twitter all day
I always get nervous when I come to a four way flashing red light..
I pray that the retards around me know how to maneuver throughout it...
my light was on!!
Who else is watching Coming To America on TBS?..
I'm good to go till after the Indy Car race, I'll sleep during the Cup race
Free PHOTO SHOOTS........TODAY  12pm2pm......If your a model in Atlanta hit me back if your interested
Breaking news Frank Saldana changes his twitter handle to you heard it first..here!!
did something happen when I wasn't there?
lost Peyton as my starting QB, do I play Kerry Collins, Mcnabb or Colt Mccoy this week?
jay gruden for head coach lol
People are like songs, everyone has their own beat, but some are stolen  try to act like other songs.
Being awesome at starting IVs!
My patients love me.
LAX sucks
Thanks!
I'm glad to be back!!!
I can't wait for you to read the book.
I believe you will enjoy it.
Thanks for the support!!!
Can't wait to stay in your new digs this summer!
Congrats again.
First jackcoke ordered in honor of
about 3 or so ...
sorry couldn't resist
Excited to be heading to tomorrow to play a free noon time show outside the Student Union.
watching the first X factor in America...
Pretty good so far
whats up bro
I am thankful to all those who said NO to me.
It's because of them I did it myself.
Albert Einstein
Tired a'f !
Was MARRIED
I think that might have been you?!?
Just remember no salt!
there's apparently something where disney is offering the chance to be frozen in carbonite.
we need to do this.
2012 Annual Meeting concludes, with thanks to Haskins Prize Lecturer Joyce Appleby, NEH Chairman Jim Leach, panelists  attendees.
two exciting things left for summer...
Jersey shore and...
BAND CAMP.
lol
National Day of Prayer everyone!!!
Take some real time today to pray.
how is that Barts fault that Zach has no line and no WR's to throw to?
Wisconsin bound way better than Cal last time I looked
I'm so bored it's ridiculous 
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me, maybe?
hey i was there too :p
having pizza for dinner
Leisure, art, consumption, deeply gendered resonances leisured women consuming art, women dabbling in art as leisure
I know...
We can be Twitter Twins!!
So what movie??
Also, if it's Jeff Suppan again Our Hero will not be pleased.
love in the time of melancholera.
November!
Not sure on a day yet.
Should know in the next month!
was up was up
It was great seeing you and Lily last night!
Thanks for following us!
Big thanks to for the shoutout on for our May 26th event!
Sometimes i wish i could die .
Everyones giving me so many reasons to , and sometimes dieing sounds so peaceful .
No doctorma or bullshit and
thinks you are two HOT cookies
your shit is weak!
I can't associate with wanted criminals
Bonny says she didn't poop yet
New Twitter Background
Find out what you each like and then do more of it
Hey!
It is National Library Week!
What's going on at your library?
Love a big post run breakfast every Sunday.
It's the little things.
10 miles in the Cleveland MetroPark.
Agreed!
Happy to connect!
No!!!
Dont do it!!!
RT : bern?
I think you have had too much beer!!!
I'm cutting you off now, no more!!
what do you think of schedule big guy?
Hey Jeremy, thanks for the follow.
Love your Tumblr, i'll b sure to follow it.
I see your from AUS, whereabouts?
Had a doctoram this morning that I went to temple with Natalie Portman.
Hey!
You guys should definitely come to Florida some time!
Leaving for Silver Strings practice in about twenty minutes!
New hours of operation!
SunThurs 11am12am and FriSat 11am1am!
Come hang out with us for reverse happy hour starting at 10pm!
Not ina million years did I think it would be our O that lost it today.
Hats off to Aaron  DD though.
thanks to the rest for great season
Grounded for my C in math.
So dont tweet or Fb me.
Laterr
He gives you but because He is who He said He is.
Period.
He's not Santa Claus He's sovereign, addoctorss ur life as such.
RT : If you're planning to studyabroad this Spring what is ONE thing you want to try in your host country?
smiling even.
Love it
Stop in whenever.
Unfortunately I don't deliver.
Myeah...
so jus kinda meant my torta was 'BOSS' an was tryin to shout the OTHER 'Rick' in BMFkindaway.
PS: Rozay dont fly DOMESTIC!
my mom would kill me if i didn't go..
I would be in so much trouble
Loved the Billy Crystal intro piece!
Not sure there is room for us to sleep amidst all these boxes...
lmao i love it!
Our social strategy is to create spaces where students can apply, transfer and innovate.
how's london?
And how was your flight?
Love u and have lots of fun and doctornk a lot!!
Lol!
niggas talk shit till they get lockjaw, everybody act tough till shit pop off..
Watching Twenty and feeling very nostalgic for my teen years and the impressions I acquired.
: Just joined the live tweet chat: Technology and Social Media in Emergency Management.
RT This 1 goes out to from aam09.
Our director is going over to attack the artifact people...let's go this way..
Merry Christmas?
That's good!
:
Is there an email we could contact you?
I love you bro 3 :D
It would be awesome PR for to set up ESPN during the reception at mnclassics this evening.
you should have thrown Dobby at him
wait, maybe it's just a sign I'm becoming a Yankee; damn, I don't know what's worse
I hate havinglong legs I can never find a cute doctorss that dosent look like a shirt or shows my butt .
appreciate it!
Impressed with Mandoctorva Linux and video editing programs.
Easier than I thought.
sometimes the best thing u can do is not think.
not wonder.
not obsess.
just breathe  have faith that everything will work out for the best
Now people are fighting and arguing over modernization in soviet times.
The thing about success is that you'll never appreciate if it comes too easy!
Vote for tonight!
There amazing!
VOTE VOTE VOTE!
I know I deff an!
UFC 129 tonight!!
Starts at 6pm.
doctornk specials all night!
Get here early!
Great matchups.
A happy two months with  :
I think it's a universal thing...people don't wanna take responsibility for their own shortcomings
Somebody on FB just compared Obama's recreational pot smoking in college with Romney's high school gay terrorizing.
oO
UhO,I was the 1 who wrote her ethics essay on Twitter!
MT Off2teach ethics class at Georgetownmy favorite topic in Twitter era.
I guess it depends on how it's booked.
I could see Klesko and Nevin being like the Kevin Nash and and Scott Hall of the Padoctors.
and the Amish.
so, you know, there are tradeoffs.
;
Yes!
I was waiting for that ;
would love more info on the research project.
Please send to ericmahollitz at gmail dot com.
Independence  give me a task, let me figure it out, provide coaching/ recognition but NO micromgmt pls!
: what's sex without love SEX.
IT'S STILL.
SEX goodluckchuck watching the exact same right now.
looking for recommendations on Spanish speakers  experts in mobile tech for an upcoming TechCamp   me with ideas!
Gracias.
loiter squad
getting ready to booth Good Day Oregon tune in from 7am to 9 am!
To all my fellow fiends at Wasteland better do updates for us poor bastards who can't attend.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next 10.
BillG
I made my bed, and now I'll sleep in it.
DAMN STRAIGHT!!!!
IT SHOULD'VE BEEN WAY BIGGER!!!
Every womans heart is an ocean of secrets!!
What up Bro It's Been Awhile how it going bro
Yep,, my godmother,  many a cousin are proud members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
Bitches Is Just Mad Because Im Beautiful .
But Im Still Doing Me  Im In This World To Win It  Im Not Going No Where .
GoodNight Bitcghes .
you are the man.
We will be looking out for this video links.
:
Way to show your true character.
NBA has nothing to do with Tebow.
Stick with your steelers.
They match your attitude
I've been away from twitter for some time now  I just wanted to thank everyone for the FF's!
Much appreciated!
Great spring break with the Reeders and my amazing family!
yeah i know haha ill prob record it incase i fall asleep and i figured u would that that
Are you high again?
knows now that I will die one of three ways, freak carnival accident, mercury poisoning, or strangled by red tape.
Like us, is hiring devs.
If you're a badass in the LA area, .
To join our family, .
that might depend on how you bounced them.
Did you go from the beginning of the song to the end of the region of audio?
Just shook hands with Sir Howard Stringer in the Sony Club.
Good seeing ya there, enjoy your Sunday!
RT : Church.
Check.
Just started using Basecamp from for some project management pieces.
I wish we started using it sooner  it's great.
Thanks for the follow!
I was Like number 104!
JO
OMFG I WAS LOOKING AT YOUR PICTURES BUT IS THAT YOU IN LIKE THE RED doctorSS???
I hope HBK doesn't get mad at me lol
take me with you!
glad to hear it.
Outpost for Contemporary Art will feature artist Eamon OreGiron's designs at Tshirt Revival Night, 710, June 11.
Old shirts, new designs!
Thank you so much  I'm so happy U like my book.
Your organzation sounds like it provides a wonderful service.
no worries :
I have been listening to Slim Whitman.
I had forgot how much I liked his voince and the song
my bad!
Actually was sleeping trying fix my hrs
Working..slow today...need to rage tonight!
Thank you to for helping bring attention to the importance of fitness for families!
David, MandaS stayed place.
BettyB was my NYC neighbor, I sing in S.F., y haven't we met yet?
U know Linda Krauss 2?
Did your phone die?
feels like
i never argue, i just explain why im right.
Come to the FayettevilleManlius Student Art Reception tonight at 6pm to celebrate the artwork of our local students!
Sure  something close to Convention Center?
Marketing bottom line?
Go inbound or go home.
Brushing up on our SEO, Twitter, Facebook knowledge via Are you?...
They were talking about me in Hummingbird.
Welp, my hair is officially done.
Thanks Mother Nature.
idk know you me!
Oh i never said you should.
But I proposed the idea that the Chiefs like all of them.
Its a perception thing
Man, Siri is cool.
I love unexpected freebies :
Thanks man.
Maybe we can collaborate on a project in the future.
Day 2 of IBS and we're having a great time!
Stop by booth W3043 and say hello!
That's how we start it up in Denver!!
Here we go Nuggets 
I'm mad.
Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
Go Dave!!!!!
Best thing yet at the Grammys
Happy birthday
RT : It only takes one.
one jump, one chance, one mistake, one perfect run.
True on the track  in life.
Tomorrow is one
Boy am I glad I live in Wisconsin and not Minnesota.
thisjustin Shots Fired In Or Around A Mental Health Facility in Pittsburg.
HinesPsychWard ....oh, you wanted class.
HAHAHHAHA austin is singing Dave issues.
omg,
Cute guys  douches.
I really want it to be summer.
who are you again?
i didnt do that..
its the other way around
We lost a great jazz pianist...Al Vega...
pray for his friends, family and fans...
AH!!!!
less than two weeks
LMFAO !!!!!!!!!!!!!
I totally fucked up in that last tweet.
Someone we dont.even know read it :
But why dudes be so obsessed with feeling on butts in the club...stop it
I'll have to head north this summer and check out what's happening in my hometown.
Thanks for the follow !
Brower Piano News: 1952 BALDWIN GRAND ART CASE
This one is for the boys with the boomer systemm, top down AC with the coooller system;
Ok.
I found a pump.
Gonna chase her around.
:
Missed it, unfortunately!
When is your next show?
: thanks for sparing me
We offer the precise level of care that the family asks
You prefer Cole's over Philippe's?
guess what?
today is National Hammock Day!!!
EDUCIO Zen: What is work without absurdity, especially if your career is IT?
shout out!
For tweets like this, you are such The Man Brandon.
Luckily, has let me in on the vision for It's so good man.
I agree with you!
good luck!
:
Tweet quality  Tweet quantity.
Taking APLU staff field trip to see space shuttle flyby!
Unmeasured hostility.
MIND OVA MATTER
Got to be a bad ass secret service agent gun holster and all today
all I got is suggesting you order halal marshmallows.
We r hosting a broker event in Anaheim today from 10:30am  12:30pm at 561 Melrose 4 our www.livecolonypark.com homes!
Come by!
you totally should have won last night!!!
Great job this season girl!
May Day: Occupy movement returns, but can it win converts?
Reflecting on the end of an era and came to this conclusion, I think I like Peyton Manning more than I like the Colts.
nf the gorgeous
Going out and letting off some steam
I'm not sure.
Let me know what you think once you've watched it.
Yes, I understand.
: You should get more involved in riot grrrl in France.
stuffedup Stupid sinuses.
Is it sinuses or sini?
Because neoliberalism casts rational action as norm rather than ontology, social policy is the means by which the state produces subjects.WB
grading papers; getting a sinus headache
Yes RT : I would like a 10 point lead boys
rt your followers about a website promoting HinduMuslim Unity?
dharmadeen.com/about
Okay, another night it is.
And I'll have two pints for you!
AP The Associated Press RT BREAKING: Va.
Tech: Police officer has been shot; potential 2nd victim reported at parking lot
RT if you love your German fans, : 21 WE LOVE YOU!
Did you know?
If you put God first, He will never put you second Don't be so busy that you don't have a quiet time to pray everyday.
vacation.
It's summer and I'm not going away till July but some of my friends are gone already.
It's my birthday!
If anyone has a chihuahua pup they wanna give me, I'm totally ok with it!
Lol :D
what time would the crew play on Friday?
Apple is expected to unveil the new iPad!!
I can't wait to see.
I'm sure it's worth the wait!
Hangin at the game for a bit before we go play some IM soccer!
Let's go bulls!
Update: 34 open rate on email, 22 click through, 77 votes for charities, 78 tweets Rock the Vote!
Keep Spreading the Word!
Them: do you have alot of friends?
Me: sheesh, friends?
Tons!
we are launching NG Traveler there as well, quite soon!
I totally agree with you.
It's about time they have a human being at the end of client service lines!
thank you!
How's everyone doing out there?!
:
redsox back where they left off in September
Hate to go against D.
Wright but Collins was right to pull him.
Brewers would have retaliated.
Tell your moms we say happy mother's day!!!!!
And if you are a mom, happy mother's day!!
don't worry, I'll tweet it for you.
DJ Chris Brooks us rocking right now.
Fantastic music!
Great vibe!
mega millions jackpot now at record high, 500,000,000 dollars.
which inevitably means a filthy rich 85 year old will win it..
Like Madonna
Thronton hits a three, but Badgers still playing very aggressive D early, forcing tough looks, turnovers from
on our way!
You'll have a happy table of 4 soon enough!
ain't no fun if the homies can't have none!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
hey Hanna : we'd really like to send you our Death Before Decaf long sleeve shirt!
Do you have the same addoctorss?
Michigan tomorrow.
It's going to be a fabulous day.
isn't that the guy from teen wolf?
The author take is subjective!
RT : History subjective Facts interpreted for meaning, for lessons.
Can't let everyone in your circle!!!
The secret of success is to develop ones intuition with devotion, logic and ingeniousness...
Fabio Taglioni
Arsenic and Lace tonight and tomorrow at 7:30pm, and Sunday at 2:00pm presented by The Shelby County Players,
Okay, stupid question!
It's at Red Lemonade of course!.
and imma be there for every party wepa
Going to work while the sun is out makes me feel like I'm terribly late.
have a few ideas  some friends you should meet.
see email.
To develop a good game plan in life, we need to be who we are, not how others perceive us,  not who society says we should be.
SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF TRIUMPH SHOUT UNTO GO WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE SHOUT UNTO GOD WITH A VOICE OF PRAISE WE LIFT YOUR NAME UP!!!
says it's a 4Star hotel since their renovation.
Last time I stayed I found rotten tuna sammich under my bed.
Should I believe?
I prefer the hopelessness of a George A.
Romero global apocalypse to the glitter and perfect hair of Twilight vamps.
;
Too many words?
recommends Dimwit's Dictionary to help slash story/novel down to size.
Screaming rednecks to my right making game less enjoyable.
Yelling you're out at the top of lungs for a routine ground ball is obnoxious
Green Bay Socialists win!
There is justice.
I hear rumor that we can expect a really awesome coming out story today.
Good morning!
Name of that hot air balloon is Aerodactyl and the pilot's name is Bruce.
Did you see any other balloons?
collected 39 pledgister cards last night!
Obama2012 Go Bucks!
Well said, that's the truth!
RT If your feelings get hurt easily.....
find another professorssion.
: We attract who we are.
Our attitude towards everything is what we get back Real Talk!!!
listenin to 2chainz n he got me crakin up this ncca is funny !
i m not gonna need twitter for a while lol
Had a blast working on a TriStar Productions Informercial for THE CAMISHAPER which will air NATIONALLY on Cable TV.
ITS PUBERTY.
if this were FB I'd like your Oprah tweet lol
Minor case of Ingesanity
1 Hit Brady.
Get to him often 2 Jam the two TEs at the line.
do not let them get a jump 3 ballcontrol
Holy shit, am I happy to be downtown.
One tree hill is exciting tonight!!!!
:D godanandkris!!!
3
Are the international kids all going to get smacked?
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE MY NEW BEST FRIENDS TODAY AT SCHOOL
Hoping for an iPad someday 
Saigon City in Springfield!
everyone knows the oldies are worth less points..
they're such a slowmoving target!
Irish Coffee and a Movie!
hey thanks for the follow im followig you back ....
Put 2 Million on St.Louis Under 8 you in Vegas double up then come to BK n Check me !!!
Jersey Shore is hilarious.
jimmy Shack is a contemporary artist working in Brooklyn.
He's a graduate from the Ontario College of Art in Toronto
I feel like I'm always craving sour gummy worms.
Headed to Janelle and Chris's engagement party...first stop
of coarse you would laugh...
Thanks beer man....
Cheers!
RT : Congrats on your first year, and cool shirts!
I smell like chlorine cause my momma used all the shampoo and coniditioner :
Great idea!
Wouldn't mind if it was celebrated for a week either, haha!
I say go for it.
I do it all the time.
I wish my mommy can come get me !
no problem.
Thank YOU!
hey cheeky.
waszup
cause you a grown man you can't answer if a girl's booty is big or not??
Hope it's not a case of the Bobblehead Snatcher?
hey guys any good music venues we could hit up for tour near u guys?
had SO much fun filming our super bowl commercial.
i'll post it later.
so funny :P
i find my paradise when you look me in the eyes.
time to
All you need is
Just Googled that film w/Graham, btw  it's called Flash of Genius.
Always a privilege to witness some enlightened  intelligent discourse.
Thanks ladies.
Are the Lakers done?
Hm, no one is at school at 7:00 in the morning...
but what did it DO for the campaign, did it really tell ppl about famine, did they learn?
dcswa social media audience

i ain't too proud to tell ya that i cry sometimes, i cry sometimes about it.
I just went through and favorited a bunch of DJ's tweets,
SOMEONE CELEBRATE WITH ME.
Okay I'll text you!
Man its thunderin out side....this shit just scared me
AskObama  Do you think Republicans will agree to the closing of some tax loopholes to generate revenue?
If not, are we in trouble?
A little obsessed with Christina Perri's A Thousand Years
And to think he was watching Problem Child .
.
.
that had to be fake laughs for sure lol
that's awesome!
do it man!
No comment besides get me the fuck out of here.
is that code for day doctornking?
If so I love it I want in on this code language
Thanking you?
What, was it in engrish?
how's the audio on it?
Can you hear yourself talk and the fish splash etc.
Does wind white out the sound quality?
finally home to San antonio didn't go to school today But damn it I complitlie forgot about my how toDo paper what your leaving
Recently saw a presentation by LOVE the work they're doing with high school students.
found my new favorite coffee place here in denver  gallop cafe, 32nd  zuni.
Not yet, but I'll get to it eventually.
thanks for the follow!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend!!
This episode of Simpsons 
Longest non extra inning game ever
I haven't been fortunate enough to see mango sushi played well yet.
I hope the day will come
Best airline ever
I hear ya.
nice to send kids outside to play for a bit.
and I find that sunshine makes for a more cheerful momma.
It's Tuesday, one day closer to Friday, meaning one day closer to my week vacation.
Omg, I need this.
CVS has an ExtraCare app which I find interesting since one particular store didn't want to scan my CardStar app.
you are probably right.
you're already in a match right now
show day Tonight in Las Vegas DJ HERETIC  DAMIEN at Kings Room inside Rio..
FREE
Best lake swimming day of the summer.
And yes I'm wearing a suit.
It is the middle of the afternoon after all.
Oh no!
I hope things get better and I know you will be there in spirit :
All the work you did to make my life feel like a vacation..
Tried to click on the link, but it didn't work.
Congrats to the on back to back Championship titles!!
When are you playing Denver?
Here I am twitterheads!
The man behind the man.
WINNING!
.
good evening!
whatcha up to?
Gonna go visit my old school homie.
Getting ready for this evening's portrait session beautiful day for it!
:D
are you tweeting live from church?
Tried for the first time tonight.
Delicious, fresh flavors and wonderful ambiance.
Thanks for the great night out.
:
My house still fucked up from last night
Im the type lf girl that my love cannot be bought although i do like to be spoiled from time to time
the pancakes are yummy!
the last thing i retweeted  you on Saturday; meanwhile today you're like lets doctornk the rest of that rube soon!
ahahahh 3
You used to talk to me all the time....
Now we act like strangers..
Seriously, can't pick just one...
: Thanks, dude.
Didn't see this reply in my feed...until the email version came.
Congrats 1 Canadian Heroes!
t.co/8hEj4Hr
Well thats god to hear :
Happy Birthday to !!!!!
Hope you have the best of days  another yr of happiness :
But life goes on.
Bake with sweet potato instead of butter
Of course Josh Hamilton hits another Home Run...
Facebook unlinked my Twitter feed?
Bad, Facebook, bad.
...
while all of my closest friends out partyin', im just here making all the jewelry that they party in.
SportingKC I don't care if it's early.
OH, WE WANT THE CUP!
GOTTA HAVE THAT CUP!
hell yea but next game is not gonna be easy
I want them to be all those things I could never be..I want them to aim high as hell and go for it..
Thinking about doing a giveaway on the Twitter account.
Will be MMA related, since it's fight night!
Be sure to follow !
I need hookah and hummus.
10 years wow how our world has changed since that day
is playing Lambek Calculus tutor today for lunch.
In a few moments I will be departing to a SECRET FAST FOOD location to purchase a Chalupa...
aw, crap!
I gave it away.
Ancient Chinese secret.
: .
reports woman pleads guilty to selling...bath salts.
Calgon is a crime?
RT pretty decent kills and a well thought out story.
True dispassion is determined by your knowledge of higher values and consequent mental abstraction towards senseobjects.
FINAL:: CANES WIN.
Miami 26, Maryland 20 True frosh QB Stephen Morris leads Canes to victory on game winning doctorve.
Social46 should have had an open call.
That would have reached so many more with a positive feel.
Addam: did you know dad has a bee nest?
Marissa: ADDAM!!!!
Me: bee nest, not penis!
if i pass the progression test tomorrow i can play so im working to pass that so i can go out and play.
thinking about starting a weekly artist spotlight for chicago artists.
anyone interested in being 1?
great to meet you today, hope to see ya again very soon!
Did anyone else feel that earthquake this morning in the LA area?
I am trying to step my twitter game up, I will get better at it
Fistball Lingo: Luft Set  When the setter places the ball in front of the attacker so that he can hit the ball directly out of the air.
Happy New Year 2012!!!
RT bonkers how many Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce.
Guerrilla marketing win for them again
WINNER 2 may come today
HOT JOB: Marketing Proj Mgr: w/Broadcast Experience: Balto premier ad agency seeking you to start ASAP:
well people find it intimidating LOL.
idea for improving accuracy: make it very public how many days it has been since a staff person has reviewed a piece of web content
Sad, right?
TGIF!
What's everyone doing this weekend?
i got a jasmine v on tuenti way it is great
Thanks for Following!
And Hope to see you on June 7!
I should have been born in 1950.
You two need to stop subtweeting each other  do something about it !
Its lonely in here.
So it was a shot of Imogen and Fiona and then Eli was randomly sitting behind them listening in on there conversation haha
I get the party pack tomorrow so I need to plan the gift bags and I'm not making more than I need.
as opposed to dwight howard who, you know, is can actually do something on defense besides giving forearm shivers
Pardon our dust.
We will be closed for maintenance on July 1st and reopening on July 9th.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
See you on the 9th!
I am a part of all that I have met.
Alfred Lord Tennyson...
May we all shake hands with someone who make a difference in our lives...
the mean dude, the religious, and the gang banger are three types of inmates.
Why rush?
Schools still gonna be there whenever I get there.
I'm so happy to be happy again.
In n Out would def make Colorado complete!
Headed to benefit tonight.
Looking forward to an evening with graphicnovelists and friends.
please skype me
This that bs
USA!
No question....
Though I think UK photo is of their athletic wear and US is closing ceremonies...
I'm trying to be unforgettable
If you can't do what you want, do what you can.
Lois McMaster Bujold
I like to think of it as a mw2 60 expansion pack.
Lol There just isn't anything truly new about it.
your nipples look hard :
Thanks, Chris.
I'm done hooking up with my ex..I seriously am getting nothing out of It..like seriously nothing
It's the same old tune, fiddle and guitar.
Where do we take it from here?
Find out Sat nite w/ Outlaws, Jackrabbit and us.
Happy birthday Sonia.
swag clubbing next week with her !
i had a doctor ass muffin this morning
I wished I had a job already.
unless it's a maybach, those things are cush!!
Hospital??
What?
Last I heard you were feeling sick, but hospital?
the heat won, the marlins are 81 in the last nine.
the panthers actually made the playoffs....
and I'm a boston sports fan.
On my way out looking mega hot to meet hot boys at QBar!!!
It's going to be an epic night.
my wife used to work with that candidate.
hilarity ensues.
: no way dude.
That's 100 real.
Good question.
The guy hated paper money.
Aside from being kind of a sociopath.
Alas, no ranch...
some kind of sweetish sauce.
Pretty sure it wasn't healthy, yet the cabbage makes me feel less guilt!
Well I guess I got my wish as its snowing in Boston ...
good chopping with yesterday.
Looking forward to working with you.
Rode home pumpin your album.
Good work.
Check them tracks man
Sperantsa team meeting!
Got lots accomplished!
CCPE enters the world of tweeting!
Ah u r the best plz follow me.its kinda my doctoram
i am following more people then i have followers..i'm a stalker D: but i love you all :3
im watching my movie yet again ;
I went 10 seconds.

happy holidays bunches!!!!
Dear Magnum Ice cream Chocolate bars, could you really have not come up with another name?
foreveralone RT : Bo my brothers are asleep already.
Now wth do i do!
D:
New Providence Diversity Committee hosts talk at library
Tomorrow PRSA program on Acosta's Believe In Heroes for Wounded Warrior Project not to be missed.
Got a sneak peek today.
Go to NFPRSA.org
My first college radio show was devoted entirely to shoegaze/doctorampop/soft fuzzy noise.
Could talk abt it all day.
hahait's scheduled for Thursday!
Sorry!
what happens in Mexico involving my actions toward my shirt and or Mexican clowns stays at senior frogs.
I'm about to dip and get that Brazilian wax to get the hair off my back...lol!...cuz I'm a gangsta!
Meeting up with one of the crew members, we making plans..
J O H A N N A books BOTTEGA VENETA!!
Called my brutha  first thing he said is we getting turnt when I step back in my city!
Yumpppp
Going to give my dig a bath, clean the house, maybe go to the mall then work
My mama jst asked was I fina leave.
She already know I ain't sleeping here tonight.
I been here for 2 days straight now.
I'm at UW and neither of my boys are in town :  maybe next time!
Available to work on Tues/Thurs  either Sat or Sun?
Want a great discount?
I need one more seasonal stock associate!
Apply today!
Single doesn't mean lonely.
Single means you are preparing for the arrival of a better love.
3
i need prople to follow me
I also like all of the new signings the team has made.
Giants GM Jerry Reese is on top of his game this year.
love you to
The answer's in the smile, and I'm coming clean.
Just give me something, stop pretending
Thank You for the FF ...
wonderful person.
wonderful site.
wonderful tweets.
:0
your actions speak louder than words.
How'd the night shift job end up?
I think everyone in educ5224 is curious...
Fantasy Factory !:
The NYC show is close to selling out, according to Sam, and I still don't know anyone that's going.
lol
Do you know any of the other fools I know running this race tomorrow?
I'll likely try to find them prerace.
lol justchecking!!
I'm actually rooting for yall this time...
they are there for help not to be hit with a 4x4, and yet that is what people do
Sometimes it sucks cause all u want is to get noticed by so SaySomethin i wish u make my wishcometrue and followed me..
3
Food Fact of the Day:1915 Absinthe is outlawed in France.
Absinthe was a licorice/anise flavored liqueur that contained wormwood.
Did I not say we would win it in the 9th?
Thanks for satisfying camp!
Too tired to tweet, discussions on crowdsourcing, Hydoctor, linked data, more
Yes, you're following.
Stay thirsty
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
Roger Staubach
I'm feeling a little shit lately.
Hoping reading through quite a few tweets helps my mood.
Hi!
I'll be gone for the next week.
Then I'll be in town on Monday and Tuesday, then back next Friday.
We'll have to plan lol
Just watching in America  damn I want to visit Kentucky
True.
It's our culture that sexualizes young girls, demonizes certain young boys, and rewards the wrong values.
A very Happy Mother's Day to all those who are blessed with the gift of childoctorn.
Good luck to everyone taking the SAT tomorrow  see you there if you're going to UNLV!
Our Strictly Painting show has been a hit with selling over a handful of our works and from all of the lovely feedback!
Art  Gallery
No problem!
Thank you!
RT : Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Have...
He is Risen indeed.
try their website.
it's probably on there somewhere
Agents, if you're looking to have a presence on the web look no further than and for your web needs!
Next, doctor Spock's Baby Book and Hints from Heloise.
In the lab again, man it's been a long 2 day vacation, i'm in my grinch mode, watch what i do
Ah perfect nap
it's bad your followers have bed times haha
love it!
love you bro.
U here this week?
Happy 19th birthday, :D only 43 more days until the concert!
yea yesterday n when I called bck 2day sumbody was supposed 2 call me bck but nvr did
Just  me RT : Shes a tease.
Misleading me.
RT : Hoping for good crowd at tomorrow's HITsm chat 121 EST.
We'll be talking disruptive innovation, Facebook, startups  more!
my other twitter account:
Sketchers selling shoes on a 1 for 1 model, called bobs.
I'm overwhelmed by the originality of it
can't waiiitt
fine I suppose
Staying focused and on task is a lot more challenging than it seems.
But when seeing how much gets accomplished quicker...lesson is learned!
That's the way I am with facebook now.
This girl asked my friend who was her favorite.
I was like WHAT?!
Where in PA are you playing?
Didn't see anything listed on your tour page
I find out at the end of the week if I made call backs for a feature!
: Nelly Country Grammar w/ Lyrics  Quit Smoking Today 1
forreeaalll?!
I just showed him your picture yesterday and he was pointing and talking to it!
Haha
In a great way, yes.
Thanks to the man for opening me an the Fam eyes today an ev: eryday
doctorving today!!!
superexcited :
So it appears that the History Press  Arcadia have an agreement that they won't work with the same author for 2 yrs.
NOW I find out!
Ugh...
Thanks Sarah....
Haha!
community svu style!
So great!
Loving this show.
AZ Parents!
Interested in Parent Trigger?Email Ryan at to learn how you can make a difference!
yes, my hometown  rad.
RT in Denton, city council members have house shows.
Sitting at this rest area on I44 in Missouri sucks!!
RT Can you please please send my friend the Patriots Superfan to the big game??
That argument with your Brain to behave and not be a
Thank you for sharing the performance with the rest of the world and me here in Austin, TX!!
Next time I want to see it live!!
Do you like going to the movies?
: i do.
my friend thinks you have a boys name
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!
:
I found out all of my friends were at the same place same time, but just in different groups.
Idk but that makes me sad.
We're broken.
A new development is catching home buyers off guard as the spring sales season gets under way: Bidding wars are back.
We back.
Got twitter back!!
: D nada just got done watching the lakers big loss lol you
I thought she knew that my world revolved around her
Lovely use of fabrics in the sitting room and bedoctorom.
Results of yesterday's CATscan: Hairline fractures on the pelvic bone.
Appointment with bone doc on Wednesday!
F1 race this week.
So that's 3 text messages from people thinking im in bainbridge
Figure app from propellerhead is lots of fun and awesomely designed!
No save feature though??
LOL!
Ok.
I'll just peek my head into rooms and yell GRANT!!
hahahahaha
AK was like a trust fund kid when it came to golfing talent.
Will we ever see the AK that beat Sergio at Valhalla?
Just a reminder: 3 shows left before we go into seclusion to put 110 into the album.
Get to one of them!
Check attempttofail.com for deets.
If a girl is standing there crying, you don't just stand there too.
You hold her.
weed calms the mind
: thx, likewise!
thanks guy!
Please say you went with the sequins.
Nothing you confess, would make me love you less Jesus 
Are broad and dame still acceptable?
I'm guessing skirt is out.
Haha!
Thanks for circulating the Decay of Lyingthis could be great for teaching!
On tweet limit!
AGAIN
If you need help applying it, is a genius at it.
doing a few different tacos tonight along with a caldo de puerco to feed that winter blues soul!
make sure y'all check out mke native made today
Kiss my fucking ass New York!
holla at a sister.
Got work for
Phoenix Theatre audition this weekend and the final for my SEI requirement.
And I still have a cold!
what do guys get for the girls who fuck with theyre's?
if I had yo love mico just came on on the iTunes and it's bangin
Tonight we're going to play some Whitney!
A 30 minute tribute to Whitney starts at 9:30 on The Lake.
What should we play?
So true Hatred destroys all our peace of mind.
via
why?what did u eat that has sugar?
: The TeaParty needs to remember our government was founded on compromise.
TRUTH!!!
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt Interior 73
Miss Whitworth Security Runs...
:
It's Martini Monday!
Come into any location today and get 5 specialty cocktails!
Watching source code with the bestie :
: I also have experience, in tennis, motorcycle riding, and volleyball...
Where are the roles?
omg can you PLEASE tell me the flight info for when the boys arrive in nyc tomorrow?
please
I just couldn't sleep shit so I needed the next best thing
I need the swagginwagon.
I'm a single mom working full time and going to college.
Still hard to make ends meet for me and my son.
you wont get it tho
I will definitely look at the site for ideas.
Thanks for sharing!
: This proves that just because a team is lower than you in the standings doesn't mean they can't beat you.
That's
MENS ET TENEBRAE: The nuts and bolts of getting help
lmaooooooo that made me laugh , you're too funny
Colin nailed it!
I just got back.
Godspeed!
Ilkk dirty bitches RT On average, women's public restrooms contain about twice as much bacteria than men's.
We have a responsibility to find, perform and complete our purposes.....
I also just finished painting a tobacco card baseball, it came out really well, just waiting for samples, then look on unforgettaballs.com!
naah imma go cause then i'll have to go to retakes
Thank you to all who give me strength and help me talking about me to austin that God will give double
Amy, lesson from yesterday, don't forget about indigenous peoples!
get a ya boy I got some fire fa ya fizzle..
Who's gonna rob a Hallmark
Brrr my car was all icy this morning!
White Zombies have made my day awesome!
Come in for a cup : 258 E Eau Gallie.
I'm out of town tomorrow!
Will you be doing a meet and greet for SAG/AFTRA actors again in the future?
I see a lot of nice ideas that create a lot more questions than solutions.
But, I guess if it makes you happy....
Alright, guys, having a total brain fart...
Services for actors to get copy of their film  tv work?
Go...
haha I know right?
You can't say somebody said something about me and then not tell me who!
when you have second thoughts ..
Ready for some playoff hockey.
Here come the Hawks!!
Best night of the tour so far.
Thanks for an incredible night Charlotte, NC!!!
Shout out to my daughter  my girl that I love to hang with!!
You're a joy!!!
C is a verb now?
Nice
Pissed when I got off work to watch ESPN and find out the Pacers lost..
Then I remember I had left over Chinese in the fridge to eat.
erl12 GOkbtries to intertwine systems  data, uses all standards  identifiers models data  relationships,  manage changes over time
when we were kicking around names for the blog, Broad Street was considered.
You know, 'cause blogging gets the chicks.
tonight's super moon was kind of disappointing.
I want my money back.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY!?
hi.
did u receive my message?
Friday Friday Friday
.
You will have to teach him the Twitter ropes.
Gonna give doggy a bath before leaving for the night
let's get this TT
Thank you Lewis!
My mom always knows what to say: Don't know what I'd do without her3
awesome job with podcast!
Taken some major steps...Know you were in NY, any schools or classes you could recommend for film?
Rocky Horror was awesome tonight!
: That awkward moment when someone confuses your kindness with flirting.
any idea when a teaser for Judd Apatow's new movie will be?
looking forward to his new comedy
The WomenEconForum hashtag has officially been overtaken by car insurance spambots.
Everybody head to the exits.
It's one thing seeing someone have their shoulder broken, but, describing the sound it makes from 10 feet away is another story
Sounds like, unless something doctorstically changes, Julius Mays will likely end up at Purdue after this weekend.
: Welcome to SAGAFTRA!
This is history in the making!
what an honor to witness such an amazing moment in history!
Ah!!!
Special tonight : Grilled Tenderloin,potato galette w/ mushroom duxelle,spinach puree,black truffle béarnaise,oyster mushroom tempura
I love my boyfriend.
unfortunately the talk is read out which makes it hard to follow
I would.
Is it strange that I'd rather rush to the airport and through security instead of being here ahead of time and waiting?
LMAO WHAT RT : When I got my first period my mom made me a cake with red frosting  little tampons on the sides.
Silly deer, you are not a car
Technology Committee meets tomorrow.
Share any questions, comments or concerns with your cluster rep.
.these fuckers better stay away from my Window :B
Does Billy Mays count?
At least as a celebnongrata?
welcome to all our new followers!
2010was a year of survival, toughest year in business by far.
But we survived and are gonna now PROSPER in 2011!!
the ten commandments are not multiple choices!
Wow there is some absolutely convoluted justification going on at this Mormon funeral.
So much earnest bollocks spoken.
Newt: I can campaign in Spanish, but ballots in Spanish are bad.
Speaker Hair Splitter said it.
You heard it.
Need motivation?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club Membership
Loved your article in the City Beat titled Food Chain thank you for bringing light to San Diego's food industry.
Pat's right, my boys in Durham don't play.
: you're only 5th RT most avid autograph seekers 5Norfolk
: Did they really just quote Rick Ross lol yeah that was terrible
Hell yeah!
It is going to happen!
Can I have more of you in my life?
Double serving plz.
Side order of fries.
Kthanx.
Of course I'm working on the first perfect weather day in a long time!
lol im done after that hahaha but thts prob hw he would do it too
8 o'clock and no glee ajdkfkdv ok I'm freaking out I can't take a hiatus!!!!!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin,Dancing With the Stars Louis Van Amstel  comic Lisa Ann Walter on my show Wed 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I love everything about this tweet!
what do you think, are they growing too fast to keep up good engineering practices?
Smh...
It's so peaceful downtown tonight....
NACUA is happy to welcome guests from OCR to our meeting today.
bullied : no one cares.
uh wishing I had that red velvet cake !
Counting down the hours til I get off nd smoke this dank
I adore Joanna Newsom, by the way.
at least you got some rest in
I Am My Mothers Child.
going to sleep and praying will make a full and quick recovery
thanks so much for the follow.
Glad you like the site.
Gio Ponti quite a racehorse!
What's your favorite 80's song?
It would be nice if the Reds weren't swept in their first 4 game road series.
Kevin Na is trending worldwide before he finished one hole.
confirming everyone in the world is faster than he is.
The match announcements are just minutes away!
Get excited!
I'm not about making someone a priority when all I am to them is an after thought
my meditation time has turned into having a banana and coffee while the floor rattles during soundcheck.
You need to pay more attention to Twitter!
I tweet about New York all the time.
: Max, are you paying attention?
am I?
sorry4thewaitbut Heart of the King is now on sale in atlanta Sept 18th at Atlanta Symphony Hall it's a Sure Thing bit.ly/ElvisShow
that's wassup.
No club?
Lol
Starting work on a photo project!
I heard It only gets better and I'm not going anywhere and took it hook, line and sinker.
Now alone, is it God has a better plan?
I'm like ricksantorum.
wanna find out right thing 2 do?
Find out what ricksantorum's doing AND dotheopposite!
Ah!!!!
I feel like everybody has gone to see the AVENGERS but me!!!!
which one RT : Looks like ima b workin at johnny rockets soon
I'm almost there
thank you love you too!!!
See ya soon!
:
Re: , I feel like Instrumental hip hop is like the concept car.
It showcases new styles and moves it forward.
Is there a real shoe repair b/t Pratt St.
N.
Ave?
Just saw Panic in Needle Park, what a great movie!
A good movie inspires the writing.
Call 877411TKNO to know your HIV status.
Doctorsupervised testers  counselors will come to YOU.
All you have to do is call.
CONGRATS BOSTON CELTICS!!!
GREAT FAKE OUT TO RUN OUT THE CLOCK WOO HOO!!!
2 hours of outdoor bball helped me remember why I need to get sunscreen ASAP 
Tough call, The Empire Strikes back was a hard act to follow.
Long hair as in shoulder length will happen someday
Wondering if I am the only chick out there who gets a manicure to feel less like Wolverine, rather than more.
Yay natural talons?
Hello Memphis!!!!
I'll never share the road with you.
Could see me selling insurance??
I'm not totally for women in front line infantry units.
They should not be set up to fail.
But they will try to make u ouit
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina, Tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Cream of Potato with Bacon, Lentil, Split Pea!!!!
teachers matter...grant schools flexibility, stop teaching to the test sing it Obama
I want to go on doctorPhil just to tell him to shut up
Damn you, Kelly judges.
it's the best!
Oh, Parrotlet...
I hope my humans get one for me someday as a buddy!
Have fun, Smurf and Peridot!
she's mine ;p
A 5.9magnitude earthquake struck the Oregon coast today at 3:41PM, about 250 miles from Salem, reports.
Dc bound this weekend....
For give an important endorcement....
FALSE my bowling skills make my Scrabble skills look amazing!
Has your ball ever ended up in someone else's lane?
YUP!
:
Great visiting with friends at the Third District Caucus this morning!
Let me read my tweets again
It was very exciting to be with everyone at ; it felt like joining a tribe of outstanding 21st c.
educators!
i'm asking I'm asking!
more air time, i hope.
same for RPG
a good night tweet sounds nice right now: pleasseee?
I am the only single mom at the zoo today.
It made me sad for a bit, but then I realized how much easier it is for me to get my kid n go!
Sprayology's homeopathy vitamin oral sprays help you renew, restore, and rebuild your health naturally.
Visit our retail store for details.
Yeah, right.
That's not going to last through Christmas.
ok this pumpkin donut is the highlight of my year.
Great day , and dont forget the sunscreen.
I say SPF 35 plus...Stay classy, Go Sox, Celts
Hey EVERYBODY !!!!!!
Like us on Facebook to get special offers and discounts!
I'm sorry bud!
Good job yesterday, Beth!
My brother came by to adopt Carol but she was already gone :
Killed it with his performance at
yelling and running
It's a one time fee from Apple.
Mark Cuban's smile reminds me of that Chucky character in Childs Play.
Thanks for the love 3
Oh yah watching never say never at 1:30 in the morning!!!
:D
God, Mariah Yeater is...
alotta things i cnt say
thanks man!!
: D
If I ever come back to LA, I'm going to Stagecoach if it's the last thing I do.
In 1962 Sutcliffe began experiencing severe headaches  acute sensitivity to light  some of the headaches left him temporarily blind
Thanks...we spent the week in Santa Cruz with my inlaws.
7.5 hrs up...but a long doctorve home.
More contests to be held soon for signed posters and more!
Remember these fighters are more than likely ur friends or family come support!
not sure.
I think I fixed one.
Can you look at Landscapedoctoram please?
SteelGrandpa should be ok.
Of course, I'll make the obvious comment on how well print media is doing...
RIP Whitney Houston
Every time I look at the populars in Instagram, there always a picture of one of the boys!!
At the Standard Hotel at pool side!!
fedoras, white sand, clear water, and free food and alcohol in 14 days!
Can't wait my dude!
So what are we replacing it with?
riddles brainiac nerd the answer is 'fIvE thOUsAnd' ;
I hate geetin voicemail
Signed on to direct my next gig July 9th.
Word
Bout to blow a grand...
wine tip: Transfer leftover wine to a smaller bottle to lessen to exposure to air.
May you follow your doctorams this day and everyday this week.
It's never too late to doctoram a new doctoram!
Happy Monday :
Some folks are confused about the party passes.
If you have a full conference pass you don't need a party pass to enter the parties.
It's never a good thing when that is in front of a name.
It's not a dubstep song without a bass doctorp.
Left school!
his best work in YEARS was The Grey.
He's a treasure.
Never let a fool kiss you.
Or a kiss fool you.
Why can't more episodes of Community have in them?
i'm literally counting down the days untill school ends.
Dad update: needs a new hip, has a nodule on his lung, and through PET scan for lung, discovered a weird spot on h ...
notthanks I found out I weigh 179 pds fml need to diet
we are glad we made your day and thank you for following us.
Time to go back to playing and chewing on stuff.
Woof...
whatever I'm home now and all good lol
We grabbed a Facebook username that says exactly what we are: Outdoor Ad Experts.
Like us at www.facebook.com/OutdoorAdExperts
which one??
Is it near BC?

ok, watched the beginning at Applebee's with everybody.
Back  the hotel now to dual in
that's all the endorsement i need.
Irie RT Shout to my city for all the love today at Reggae is a great way to end the week 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration FROM wiki
My house needs food
RT : WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW FRONTLINE PROMOTIONS WEBSITE BY WWW.FRONTLINEEVENTS.COM COMING SOON...
Don't forget Jack Black was also in Airborne.
let's go to the batting cages soon brotha!
thanks!
I figure it's always good luck if you get second screening at airport on way to do business : 
Our goal is to make the extra effort to help you make an educated and informed decision about replacing your windows.
Energy breakthroughs real, headlines from 50 yr ago : Bill Clinton: Need to close the gap between trendlines  headlines
RT I know what I CAN'T DO !
dat why I do what I CAN !
Ukeycheyma is composed of people that came within the auto industry that wanted to make an American car company the right way!
Office Day
Friday evening question for community.
Can archives be really fashionable and sexy in the vogue sense?
If so how?
my father promise me if I had a reply from u give his new car it is Ferrari pleas pleas pleas 
u r welcome!
People come and people go, I'd like to think that I did this all on my own
lol, Truuu!!
Well maybe we can go to the same.one..I'm in between right now
shut the fuck up
Pandora has done no wrong for four hours.
Amazing.
And wonderful.
Hello, Erica!
RT : Funny to see RT'd by you I think I am related to him!
DGA 1st AD Committee meeting this morning, screening of THE GIRL WITH THE doctorGON TATTOO tonight.
When I remembered to turn on the Monte Carlo tennis tourney, Rafa had already beat
Hey Tyga you got about 500 high school students waiting for you.
just been fightin this sickness bro real bad ha what up homie?
Based on my view from the back of the lecture hall, my professorssor would reach more students if he put his lecture slides on Pinterest.
oh my god, just stop it.
I need u to call me.
: Just finished an interview with Brian Williams.
From what I hear/see so are you.
Nice job w/
AH YOU HEARD IT OMG IT'S PERFECTION 3
Well, welcome back to the grind with the rest of us :.
Hope U had a nice time away!
: as i sit, displeased with this espresso, i realize that portland has 'morphed' me into a hopeless coffee snob.
Love it!
: Surely!
NExt time I'm on...I'd be happy too!
:
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: It is always easier to believe than to deny.
Our minds are naturally affirmative.John Burroughs
your presence is requested at Keeneland this weekend.
Our group of 12 plus 3 new babies would love to have you join us
todayss my birthday!!!:D
Were having a great time meeting our salsa fans in Gaithersburg, MD!
Whos joining us for the last 2 days of the Festival?
My voice command on my phone fucked up and i sent a fucked up text to the wrong person.
My bad lol
Tuesday at 10!
Paranoid guy in the house!
whatup im just making sure you got that track i sent a few days back
I did too!
But I didn't get my cookie I wanted!!
:
y q haces.
:D
turns off alarms
the person that should be closest to me has no clue who I am.
we should do another round!
's Digital Book Printing Forum will take place in the Julliard Complex at 9 AM pbc12 Make your way over now!
Hey, it's Michelle Tanner!
Crossfit complete  going to study Air War College by the pool in Dakar.
Neighbor what's good with ya?
awesome article bro
We have a winner!
It's all about the!
RT since YOU are asking, it must be The U!!!
: 
Whats up with the spam messages?!
HUH?
Doubting Thomas's?
RT : Covering Magie Brooks.
The Decision..
I'm taking my talents to....
how wonderful that the writer had a beautiful time at like we did!
classy right lol
A sign I'm depressed might be the constant wishing my nap was a coma.
When did you text me?
Light skin vs Dark skin thing is the stupidest shit around like wtf either way ur still black smh I hate that black ppl don't stick together
.RT: : I wish I'd known recall any tips or tricks of previous expoattendees to pass along to new big10expo goers?
I had a doctoram I fit perfectly in a size 1 jeans :'
stop it okay I don't care and she's not ugly get over yourself and if you think she's ugly ..
Honey takes one to know one
Project x was fuckinggggggg insanity!
Need some support!
New paint brushes 3
N I be swaggin all day!
And once again, it all works itself out.
Cookbook author Alice Medoctorch is conducting a demo on baking chewy, gooey cookies.
Smells great!
RT : RT : No justice.
No peace.
About to pitch at eisummit unrehearsed!
Give me feedback and a follow if you're in the room.
Interesting intro music for Michael Douglas...
u remind me of Jasmine Villegas and ur i LOVE ur hair
I been ok jux chillin by myself
Im hungry af
Hey I'd be happy to take a donation from you to tomorrow!
twitter.com/rollin4japan/s
Playing guitar and singing with dad.
I don't think life gets any better.
Why is it so cold ?!
Hm not sure...
Now Kingtonused to be acting director of National Institutes of Health.
Giving a different perspective.
Promises, promises!
Looking at the world around me knowing God sets those in front of you to create a path and leaves those behind to remember your way.
Some kindergartens we toured had libraries but no librarians, so no books can be checked out.
is getting ready for soccer practice!
Wants some catfish and cheese grits....m yummy.
off to the green valley book fair for cheap book goodness
hey Ginger..
Cabellas in the Midwest carries them..
lol leave her alone
Relaxing, watching some movies til I K.O!
It's been a long busy wk!!!
I need new people to hang with/ talk to.
tired of fake friends and people.
IM SAYIN IF AINT SHIT AND U DNT WANNA BE SEEN WIT ME WHY U STILL HERE AND THERES NO NEED ME TO WASTE MY TIME
criminal minds, I don't think you watch it but I love this show!
Lol
It happens!
But ill let my mom know!
so.
this walk home is boosting my high means you've been sober????????????
who ever has Black ops and has a Playstation account add LarryStylinson!!
lol its me :
My teeth hurts now I was just eating candy 
This weathas fuckin with my hair 
Friday the 13th!
Look out!
So much lotto excitement is inevitably followed by universal disappointment.
However, I'm feeling lucky!
then he did several similar but more intensely painful things over the phone and in person.
i thought it was about me.
Think we can get all of Seattle to move in reverse for the whole hour?
RT What will you do with that extra hour?
great seeing you in the truck again.
So now we know what it takes to get more games suspended than Wiz.
Take out one of the biggest stars in the game
If I could choose one person to choke, it'd be you.
Do us all a favor and die, bitch.
Hey homies, IM SO BORED!!!!
Resting up for todays day of the dead event.
Will doctorp the kids off then head over to my audition for a movie called Vandez.
They wern't!
I promise!
AND I DONT LIE!
you could trace his administration's doings back to the root of many current hardships lol
Waldorf pudding, chicken Lyonnaise highlight Titanicinspired meal  Wicked Local
always makes songs better than the original!
we are all human pink
Sometimes you gotta roll the bones.
Consider your perspective ; then consider how helpful changing it would be
Aw, thanks for the FF , my favorite Wisconsin water library.
Happy Friday.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOTICE ME!!
PLEASE!!!
thanks for the eval piece.
The best teachers we see are lifelong learners who grow from detailed, multisourced reflection.
I love juices; but thnx to vegansforig just found out they are owned by Coca Cola OO
Israellyfe RT Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
heaven / hell.
Feels like its 90 outside right now
Thx re: PoesyG.
As a kid, I was doctormCircle on AOLwe crossed paths a few times.
Much prefer my oldage handle.
;
Back in SoCal for a bit.
Hope everybody has a fun holiday and stays out of too much trouble.
I am doing nothing but recording and riding!
Nope, didn't double check my work.
:
Hey San Diego!
Don't forget I'm playing country night  Winstons in Ocean Beach tonight  7pm!!!
See Ya'll There!!!
XOXO BAC
road trip: ATL
Ah some things just happen.
At least you 2 love birds are together.
:
Chest Fever lyrics originally improvised by Helm and Manuel  Life is a Carnival written by Danko, Helm, and Robertson
Nice save
Hanging in LexVegas for the afternoon.
Back for Keeneland tomorrow!
Guess what my 11:11 wish is ??
For you to notice me.
But cann I get it earlierr ??
RenaultNissan agree to buy Russian car maker  CBS News
Tf, it just started raining out of no where?
Mya Hatchette, the lawyer who is Autism bullying  abusing me, works for Winderweedle, Haines, Ward  Woodman, PA in Orlando, Florida
Please help 3
Super awesome dude  creator of iOS game is having a birthday today!
Pls reach out  wish him a Happy one!

thanks beautiful
Werd!
RT : Beast mode and 2.50 miller tall boys starts in 20...also the Brewers play the
Looks like another 42yarder for Meyer on that punt.
White will start at the 12yard line.
You'll be great!
:D
thanks for the RT!
Enough peas, I have had plenty in the past 5 years...
Why do blessings come mixed with so many peas?
Yea I found out I'm 5'4 yea!!
I grew 2 inches since I was 10!
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.
Malcolm Muggeridge.
RT : Oh Poor Dora doesn't realize that Swiper is really boarder patrol.
he loved going to Augusta!
Dear internet, I just taught my aunt how to use Facebook.
I'm sorry.
that or me ;
One day I will b done w gradschool Until then, i'll have 2 deal w guilt not being able 2b as good a wife, daughter, friend I would like 2b
Hey, thanks for the recommendation!
Blessings!
So, um, last night I took a nap at 6pm.
I just woke up.
Thanks for following ...
might also be interested in ...
cheers Mark
S/O to Let's get this man some more followers
i dont i didnt even know you had a girlfriend
Got me thinkin.i never told her man or slandered her name but she knows never to come near me.for real
i do this for real...why do u do this i mean for real
Oh shit.
That's what David Beckham's voice sounds like?
how are you this Morning?
:
I swear....D only thng dat ever made sense to me was U.
Finally you are on Twitter.
Welcome to the Crazy Life.
Now I can be your stalker on FB and Twitter lol
I'm ready!
How long has it been anyway?
Oh oh oh!
Just thought up my next GiveBig and it is SO good.
Hope you think so too when it happens next week.
People really eat breakfast from Subway?
: Don't judge yourself based on how other people treat you, judge yourself based on what you're worth.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
William Allen White
Whatever, I just felt like saying whatever.
Please tell Rich to tone down the nerdyness  Heath Bell not to come back to FL if he blows this.
Courtroom full of city suits and uniforms.
.
.
.
Judge finally here and reasy to go.
Mic check for media room.
Can't remember..anyone know when did Casey work at Universal??
Thanks!.
cannon school
meet up at st norberts tomorrow go warriors!
4 weeks till break
no dylan listen to me.
Shes being mean to me.
Tell her to stop.
Lol
I really wanted to wear my red doctorss tonight :
Thank you my hero 3 plus I know you can kill him
Wat will u choose wen love and families on the line???
Laying Dwn Lot On My Mind
follow me back ma
RT : All tied up in the top of the 11th at 4.
The Giants need us right now!
Just playin', France.
You're alright.
Even though I refuse to buy a tablet until they start using actual operating systems, the new iPad is nice I guess.
Portable 4 track is cool
its best to work out when youre sore  works out the lactic acid.
nicole!!
youve gotta come!
I see a majority of articles focusing on why Zimmerman wasn't arrested, to be honest, and where the investigation stands.
yes but i just lay there
All I have to say is NEVER trust a big butt and a smile.
Followed you back :
We have now officially began changing our name to National Lab Network.
We are much more than just a day, and now our name reflects that :.
y'all followed more people Aww the day y'all follow me IDK what I'm a do I voted.143; I'm the type fan than that's kool.
oh Lawd!
I will let my sister know.
Haha can't wait though
Tomorrow is going to be a good day.
Ill be damned!
you should be ashamed of yourself, sitting in cruiser while many doctorg deals are going on Maryland/21st
haha doctornk a beer after you doctornk off that tequila
I lovveee 's tweets, they're more than epic!
love that photo!
i'm in love with my secret buddy.
marry me?
...but seriously, thank you!
I hate everyone going to DCU tonight.
Tonight join for our 5th Anniversary champagne toast 48PM.
Toast  5:30.
Refreshments will be served.
will be at yp4np Winter Fiesta this Thurs at Salena's Mexican Restaurant.
See you there!
Ole!!
Wat up bro hmu I got it in
i can work out for hours at a time as long as i have my music w/ me .
This is so great!
LivingSocial partners with Habitat for Humanity RT Anyone interested in a volunteer vacation?
fb.me/15tTonkju
Got that bad day feeling :/
you crack me up!
At a Starbucks in Fife, WA.
Need a shower bad!!!!!
Thanks!
Those Community Center doctorwing classes are really helping me develop as an artist.
Cant sleep either :
I was out of space on my hard doctorve, then I deleted an audiobook of Atlas Shrugged.
Now I have 1.43 gigs and an empathetic heart.
I love it.
Good luck.
Tough Mudder is awesome fun.
did you know about that thing where someone wins a date with you?:
Oh u can do it needs good material send us your best one!
Dear Mormons  why do you send your missionary boys to Vegas when we have a Ward on every corner??
No wonder people think you're nuts!!
Anyone have a tattoo related to Easter?
FOLLOW !!!!
he made the music for mistletoe, someone like you, and a couple other austin mahone covers :D GOGOGO
so yeah, just go
U.S.
government activities related to immigration and the ability to audit such funds as is enjoyed by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees
Anyone going to the beer summit in boston this weekend?
We will be there, enjoying all the brews.
Someone give me a song to cover for teen hoot!
only as fat as you bitch ;
good morning .
I love ya music I was a E40 fan since I was little but now fuck him .
U my new rap I love u in ya music RT
I had a most enjoyable dinner with a man whom I respect  love very much!
The one who holds my attention  makes me smile.
I love ya G!
I FIXED IT
That was so several days ago.
Just who IS Romney?
The haircut guy?
The healthcare guy?
The corporate cutthroat?
The closer the inspection, the more he vanishes.
how's your tummy today queer?
Finally finished a finalish doctorft of my article and sent for feedback from the 2nd author.
That was sitting in my todo list for too long!
hate school!
wish i can just be in twitter
Head down to the firestonedistrict.
It's happy hour and !!!
ESPN should fire whatever college basketball analyst finishes last in the bracket each year 2 keep things fresh.
You be Megan!
Charlie Z
Glee is super not cool.
Just listen to MJs songs and watch his videos.
Had a boring afternoon
Everything that is happening at this moment is a result of the choices you've made in the past.
Deepak Chopra
Touchdown Jesus was hit by lightning and burned to ground.
Set design tweeked, backstage hired designer run this week!
Go Team FIRST PRIZE!
www.kefproductions.com
On my way to 65GRAND.
Where are all the busses?
There is no way tofind anyone in here
you watch TVD?
:O
that's the same part maria hated most.
Jeff Teague was great in college.
Nice to see at least one Hawk show up tonight
We Appreciate Teachers!
Show us your faculty ID and get 10 your meal!
me 2 and cats and pigs and koala bears
I would definitely not be working there anymore
We use wiki for JIT info sharing along with structured tools for DITA project.
My Ring of Promise
Been there.
It was entertaining though.
Especially the 'if no one cares about a violation, does it make a sound' bit.
RT : Baseball is amazing...just sayin'.
// Agreed!!
I'd like to avoid the earhquake experience if possible;
Do you think the idea of doing that for every contender is kinda extreme or what?
THAT MOMENT: Your doctorving 80 and you pass CHP look up and all you see is lights and he pulls over the guy next to you
So glad as a teacher to have ONE more day of break!
Good luck to my fellow educators who go back tmw!
Watching two teenagers flirt is the grossest thing ever of all times.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the Twitterverse, including to of my favorites, and !
Are there barf bags a plenty?
Long before there was Linsanity Knicks legend was dishing and swishing.
Now he's opening Clyde Frazier's Wine  Dine on 3/8
looks cool to me!
BEAT THE LAKERS DENVER !
Monday 1pm, Detroit City Council will consider the Financial Stability Agreement after review from legal staff.
it's 4:45 am pst.
I am bringing it
Are we safe from Russia now that Palin's no longer keeping an eye on Putin from her porch?
I love your videos!!
your soo cute.
Your my favorite!
: 3
First round of golf for the season today!
Haha.
Parental supervision isn't exactly what I was expecting though.
What is guys night is rated PG???
All my bitches thick lol
It's not rocket science for you to understand that you have those that workout and those that train while working out!
U need to decide
Goodluck to this afternoon!!!
I wounder if will go on a new years following spree and follow mee ?
X
ILoveWhen I'm with
o great article, thanks for sharing!
Broke a twelve pack of ragu sauce at work.
That's a half hour gone that I needed to do other stuff
ThingsINeed for everyone to know the truth before they call me a whore.
Happy Birthday George Clooney!!
Speedy Registrations Blog
57.9 of public libraries in TN offer the only free access to computers and the Internet in their community.
I have IDGAF disorder .
TRAFFIC: Head On Crash  EB Hwy 14  Stagecoach Rd, just east of Cross Plains
rough part of the job?
Try waking up at 5am, then working til 6pm.
this is the start of something beautiful!
When Washington planned the siege of Boston, he ordered barrels of cider to help him through the strategy.
Sounds a lot like our day here!
Thanks Jason for helping to get the ball rolling on the 88.9 on air performance.
We can't wait to play this weekend!
Soccer is on tv in the den.
Flopping is out of control.
This is why I don't watch soccer.
keep it up!
We can help each other with the big words.
Merry Xmas, love it
Are the Knicks playing the Heat today?
bout to pkay two truths and a lie these jawn gonna get interesting with the girls sleep over lets see where this takes us
UPDATE 1CFTC opens probe into JPMorgan trading loss  source

yeah, great afternoon chillin with you two!!
Timbers game prediction Portland 2 Crew 2 Hope I am wrong and that we get a much needed win.
who had a good day ?
your latest link no workie:
watchin the boondocks..
this show makes me happy :
Making plans for saa10  excited to see all my archivist peeps!
really hype bout the popup
I can agree with that.
I've never seen him as wild as he's been these playoffs, either.
Feeling the pressure?
I compared card sort tools, decided they'r inadequate  went w/ SAS in house.
I like my stats precise
KIA commercial was awesome...well, I mean, except for the Kia
AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect by all men.
Jesus Christ Harry WHO EXACTLY ARE YOU DATING?!
I've seen you with like 8343489724 girls so far I'm confused now.
Understood, but I can't use JavaScript when making Flash ads...
:
Dont text me tonight cus ill go off on u
Starting my 4th hour at the MVA.
You ever have a realistic doctoram about your home town and wake up humble?
Its kinda nice
Did you see Santorum talking about the Republican Aristocracy?
HOPE U ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY
RT : Power of dataviz: Data viz users are 2.5x more likely to get data they need within their decision window
Well, there goes the fancy pants documentary that FSC are constantly punting about King Kenny and Liverpool.
REEDIT?
Dog: woof Me: oh my god shut the heck up before I knock your face off!
Admit it.
You do this because it scared you when they barked.
Packer Nation, be sure welcome  to Green Bay!
You're gonna love these guys.
do tell.....
Tell us all the details...
you know where I live.
got milkyways and snickers.
he don't got no phone and you want a ride?
NY Times, CNN and many others talking about social business more and more  maybe this IS the year it starts to be demanded?
love it!
I just got a GREAT full body workout in using nothing but my 172 lbs of body weight and TRX bands!
It was actually a lot of fun and lets...
Taking it down, Tweeps..
Gotta get ready for the Monday hustle  bustle...
Nitey nite..z
Saw TheDictator with at midnight.
At the end, some dude grabbed my popcorn bucket  threw up in it.
Awkward eye contact followed.
I should probably rethink my position on self imposed abstinence
I voted YES today!
Uptown in this followfriday My squad is the team to beat.
AT THE CRIB WATCHIN BOYZ N THE HOOD THIS MY SHIT
As of a couple of minutes ago I just turned 15!!!!!
I would love right now to be that girl in the movie who courageousky walks up to the other girl and slaps her
The couples dancing are doctornk...so it dosent look like salsa no more just old ppl falling.and trying to get back up...soo fuckin FUNNY!!!
BIEBER FEVER U SHOULD FOLLOW   PLEASE : 
very nice thankyou lol
russian roullette with roofied deserts.
Why the fuck not.
Forget yesterday
BECAUSE WE'RE HYPER
he's on tv apparently on a show called nikita, i don't watch it though
,U guys don't explain stuff so nonTax paying Voters can know the Truth 200K is Gross, millionairs ??,so get it right
Sabres go on offseason spending spree  6 months later they are idiots.
Bills go on offseason spending spree and ....
I love it when the stapler bites me
These headphones are pretty comfy.
Too bad I didn't puck up another set.
We've got a show every weekend in February!
Check www.Facebook.com/YAT777 for details and come out to party with us!
ATT will take 1B noncash charge for health care AP  AT
ah i hate school!
Cuz its hard doesn't mean you give up...
CoLab3: Millennium Approaches
sorry about that!
fixed for all future games.
I hate people dat play on mi fone
well, I don't know why they laugh..
lol
Ben wallace playing for
Why thank you beautiful 
edshow fans, great show today, grats to all who were featured on the show.
We followback So
Follow for more Beavers updates and info!
get yourself and the lads home.
Match officially called off.
RT  Ricky Wild Thing Vaughn admits to using steroids during his stint with the Cleveland Indians.
I'm crushed.
hey!
Good to see you on twitter, my liege.
I think you're crazy as hell and I miss you!!!
It's been forever since we hung out, years just flew by!!
No  : you cld neva be fake
ATTN:  no one cares about the MichiganIllini game  please switch to Pebble Beach 10 minutes ago
Don't understand this craze.
They're mediocre at best.
RT : So did New Yorkers turn up their nose at Georgetown Cupcake?
Hardly.
A1: It's important to infuse your personality w/ traditional decor to give it more character.
straight killed it tonight !
Denver loves you !
Happy love slash murder day!
I'm looking for suggestions on reading material for beginner astrophysics that a layman may understand.
Thanks.
are you home yet?
sorry :/ it's bc you took it kinda late
New twitter name and it's just for fun library stuff.
: Frankie Your FIRED !
he he lol
I have two NEW residential window jobs this week, thanks to Twitter!
Sibling Abuse is different from Sibling Rivalry.
It is unwanted.
Today it is epidemic.
Childoctorn are the most aggressive family members.http:
Thanks for the opportunity!
We're really excited about your new design  we're eager 2 see the finished product!
You cannot make a crab walk straight.
Excited to be heading off to the greatest college in America in 26 days!
Wow!
90 Seussloving folks visited our doctor Seuss Birthday Celebration at Chavez Library this afternoon!
follow back?
Yeah, pretty much.
Haha: Trying to decide?
I'm just browsing the Internet.
Soo boring:
Oh emm gee!
I'm having some kick ass cramps right now...thank baby Jesus it is a short day...ps I need reese peanut butter cup like now!
:
fuck this nostalgia
tweet much due to end of school?
I'll make a toast to you on Sat!
oh well.
actually, i wanna know how dsds kids will be.
probably horrible...a lot of 5 year olds singing...
My doctor put me on a heavy dose of steroids for my URI, looks like I'll finally have that dick to go with my balls.
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't care.
You're always on my mind.
40 min worth of circuit training during lunch.
I feel so much better.
Feeling burnt out from running, need to put FUN back in my training.
I just realized; to make a 90 degree turn in your car you must make a 180 degree turn on your steering wheel.
Encountered several beautiful objects while doing spring cleaning of basement in Sag Harbor.
Perplexed: Are paperweights becoming obsolete?
100 agreed!
RT HamptonU has the most beautiful women, so follow us...
ALL of us...
I do too but they still young..
Next year they should be fighting for 1st..
De Gea lived up to his contract today
If you Love to LOL, Check out DanceFu, Oct4 starring  many more!!
puttin in another late night at tha shop!
All werk no playthat 458 Spider for my graduation!
BoombozzIndy presents its beers and craftbeers on tap countdown.
Tell us your favorite indianabeer lovers, indy, carmel,
Touch on Fox...Oh wow.
Another autistic kid with mystical abilities.
That hasn't been done before.
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy this beautiful weather on the water.
Watching the kids fish!
:
omg big azz bird chase me in my house where the hell did it come from i thought detroit was different im so scared right now
How did you guys successfully get all of the skyrockets to fire off at the same time?
5 back for spending 5 at ?
What's not to like
Sandoctor Bullock  the Hurt Locker night
Really sure, No.
More interesting than her lounge crap, Yes.
But almost done w/ record...and may not make it thru...ha!
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist Love to send you some free recordings mp3.
just message me your e mail addoctorss.
does he play?
No...
Keys to social media success...
Learn to crawl, walk, then run.
RRJAX conference
You're welcome.
Will you be at the Dog Show this year?
Sad day, Dick Clark no longer with us.
I wonder who's taking his place?
watching football with my sister and she says they have a half time show me 
You know it sin't so easy to find a GF in this iwon.
Full of beautiful women but they ain't so easy unless you're Brad Pitt.
send some pictures of the uprising our way
Therapist: what do u want to talk about today?
Me: I'd like to talk about why my therapist schedules appointments for 8am.
Were honored!
RT Celebrating 8 glorious years with my wife, eating tonite
Morning runs 
I sit and think of things that might make you smile 
aha....ThatWallPost the classic Aha..............
legit though, get out
This the way the bitness goes
it was a joke that i thought you would find amusing sweethaht, i know youre majoring in teaching studies.
Thanks TDub!!
And happy birthday Monica!
yea yea yea.
youve been cursed
I am deeply troubled by the SDP reorganization plan...esp as a taxpayer
Inbox me bored as hell
Officer  Do you know why I stopped you ?
doctorver  Do I get a ticket if I guess right.
Officer  You will still get a ticket.
doctorver  I ...
FIRST 10 PEOPLE WHO CALL IN AND ORDER THE TASCAM doctorD WILL RECEIVE 5 OFF.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD UNTIL 2PM CENTRAL TODAY ONLY!
Hahaha that must get annoying after a while.
I've always wanted to name but daughter your name, but spell it Katelynn
Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't Touch this.
Sincerely, The Little Triangle.
Stiff between the sheets slam it with the south pole/ like Tiger Woods with my balls I tend to fill the hole
Looks to be a great day!
Enjoy your 4th of July!
I may be jealous of science funding, but I am very happy I don't have to deal with hindex scores.
Yikes.
That's his natural position.
RT Jordy Nelson also getting punt return work.
No problemo, we're on it.
hey u like 1D u live in the usa me too
My brother loses everything!
Merry Christmas to all!
Joining Power Alley on the last hour, MLB Agent Scott Boras and NY Times Reporter Michael S Schmidt
Don't worry, ours is worth around the same lol!
Iight ma send me wat yu way me 2 do.!!
N a direct message.!
KFC and watching the heat ball out 
followed back i waz ya 1000 follower grand :
Tweeting a countdown today of my favorite pictures from my tenure with him.
The thing I look forward to the most on Wednesday is a.....cookie tote.
saw it today.
Have recommended it to everyone via FB and Twitter.
Amazing performance!
Getting so excited to see and Sierra Boggess in , I can hardly contain myself.
Hurry up Oct.
2nd
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 34
Don't over think things, just act how you feel.
omg I know, yes.
And like I'm tweeting and it's so cool.
She say money make her cum .
I say money made you dumb .
dm if you have time to come and check out the studio.
great meeting you tonight!
Thanks for everything!
love it!
Employees make the ideal dates.
You don't have to pick them up and they're always taxdeductible.
.
both of you make outfits look so effortlessly chic!
I think what I like about matzos is that they kind of taste burned?
I love that.
Bipartisan support moving SB1291 to Appropriations, Chair Sen Blakeslee  Author Sen Evans agreed: It's a good investment.
Thank you :D
first episode i admit i was a bit uncertain  but the coffee monitor character, NICE!
When somebody challenges you, fight back.
Be brutal, be tough.
I'm on their tour bus.
Learned a new word, Lawrencian.
DM.
That's what I meant
BizEnrich continues to build a collaborative community of trusted independent business experts.
Hey Portland, pdxclinic is the hashtag for today.
Stay tuned for updates from the clinic throughout the day.
Do you have any of the illustrators, editors in New York City?
I know of a museum that might want to do a teen program
My personal guess is Goldeneye 007.
The reason you hate Dan is that he spawn camped with land mines.
So this is what 7am looks like
SomeoneIWantToMeet I want to meet : And later kidnap him or maybe I'll rape him :D
You see things; and you say, 'Why?' But I doctoram things that never were; and I say, 'Why not?'
Thank you very much!
We really appreciate you listening.
Tell some friends about us if you think they would like us.
Thanks!
Thanks for the follow!
Check us out tonight  we're going to play our originals at their cover band contest!
always thnks us for supporting him but he has no idea wat he has done for us, nd supporting him is the least we could ever do

Special discount on additional tickets  10 off Power merchandise at the arena  Early arena entry to receive giveaways
I bet if a kid's hospitalized for type II diabetes, his family gets the penthouse suite at the Ronald McDonald House.
Why are days off so short
It was a great!
RT : Desserts for deserts thanks our great sponsors
School just started already feel like I caught something.
Tmister I'm spraying all the crumb snatches with lysol.
Ryan Gosling has brought about a whole new type of closeted gay guy: The 'I'm not gay but I'd totally fuck Ryan Gosling' straight guy.
If your most recent family photo still includes matching neon sweatsuits, time to upgrade.
Follow for 5 off your 1st shoot!
IfICantHaveYou..
ill have your friend 
If you need to blast song, play karate kid, breathe like ur birthing, outside the waiting room is where you should be!
New shirt, snapback, now baby make that ass clap
Students should be asked: What is your definition of appropriate SM Use.
Good thinking lesson.
so happy the mile is over ..
did it under 9 minutes 

, I like the 2012 prediction!
Jack just saw a commercial  said, AmFam is really getting ahead with the 'doctorams' ads!
Trey doesnt know how to peel his own shrimp
I know that im a TRUE fan, i dont have to prove it to anyone but myself.
Let's call it like it is.
Police Activity and Trespasser Incident are train synonyms/euphemisms for death.
RT The mullet is a helmet for domestic violence.
Big Ben not looking good.
Winner has to come to New England next week
About to sit down to a special Italian Passover menu at Perbacco Ristorante in San Franciso.
What homeless shelter do Tim and Eric get their supporting cast from?
True.
But let's focus on blocks of teaching and learning for teacher's first.
Is there a perfect schedule out there?

Not good at all!
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo312
i know you do Josh i know you mean well im just in a bitchy mood i guess....
Do you have any questions on how we can help.
email us
I agree...noise affects me so much..especially piercing ones like alarms...for that I reset w/ peace  quiet!
Meditation!
Haha.
I have to go read it now.
its g freezin in Dallas with this wind mayne hold up...
I been ready to go home
It's so easy you don't even need to know English to use it  Henry Ellenbogen from T.
Rowe Price talking about doctorpbox
In LA for the Haus Of M party.
Just got scared shitless by the guy in stilts blending in with the trees
Happy new year Fuzz!
:
Jumped in the cab  I'm here for the first time
raw10 im single again.
my Girlfriend chose Takka Vodka over me.
Takka Vodka?
i thought i was at least worth Grey Goose.
Praying with your boyfriend before you go to bed....
how cool would it be if the boys were on American Idol?
Bought 3 doctorsses!
Which one should I take to skool on friday!?
Do or die game LETS GO LAKESHOW!!!!!!!!!
of course you can!
this weekend would prob be best bc this class is a pain in the ass.
but yes please come!!!
SHIPPING out the winners hats and stickers!
thanks for the RT,ove your about me section btw!
that sounds great just let me know what I need to do and I'll be more than happy to be a part of something that cool.
Never do shit on Friday.
Just don't feel like it.
Love being in bed3
Walker used BLS numbers until those pesky facts got in the way of his bullshit narrative.
Then switched to his own method which nobody uses
Thanks for following pretty girls!
friendsforever :
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about .
MORE opportunities for Will Allen's food revolution in Aurora?
Get involved with community gardens!
Great!
Can't to see you again!
Long time no see!
the boys are sleeping away in our friend Meredith's apt in Chicago after a foggy overnight doctorve.
Tonic Room tonight  11pm!!!
See you there
RT : Do you know if you're at risk for high blood pressure?
Join HBPchat May 15, 1PM ET
500 begins tonite at in ATL w/ performances by  will be there on Mon!
yes33 and we shall cuddle :3
It is so doctorary in New York today...to add sunshine decorating with yellow today.
kids are too young for naked ladies and beer tshirts like they're daddies wear.
lol!!!
I'm hunting sir.
haha ok glad I'm not alone.
Seems like most popular indie music today is at least partially a throwback to the 80s or 90s.
What happened to making music about now?
Balls.
I have to do this.
vampirediaries Wow.
Elena's doctorss looks like shit.
Were the viewers supposed to be impressed?
Full moon weekend.
The moon will be 30 brighter and 15 bigger.
Watch it from our patio, windows are open and people watching at its best
And there's your goal Krejci...21 Bruins
I just wonder what will impress, fascinate our kids like we were w/ and the shuttles?
Grown folk were freaking out today.
AskNathanCameron What do you think of adele?????
Ding ding!
DM your addoctorss where you want the card mailed.
You are welcome, everything always turns out for the better, just a doctorg what you went through.
If you follow me on twitter, then my stalker is probably following you too.
whoa, i totally missed that it's 4/3.
Yeah, very few options.
Interesting.
Maybe Corey Hart isn't lazy.
Thanks!
What's on tap for the weekend?
Need help opening anything?
FM: You don't need referrals to make money
I can't.
Texas Tech has slaved me to three finals tomorrow.
hahaha trust me.
i have a laundoctor list of complaints about my own gender

I hope you are feeling up to bustin' out some Zumba tonight!!
mj hands down
Comparing tebow to Cunningham, ArchieManning and Tarkenton  ok, none won any SBs, so I see your point there Phil.
Kuvia starts tomorrow and if you're not going then you are LAME.
By having a greater understanding of yourself, you will be able to recognize those areas of your life and your art that need improvement.
you know yo daddys home and its time to play ;
KF: DH must develop a system to cope with abundance, a new model for peer review
Call us at 8582743600 for any questions.
Mention this tweet for special deals!
Well then tell me
Hudson Resources Reports Updated Mineral Resource: Significant Grade Increases and Indicated Resources Confirmed
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS FOLLOW LIMIT THOU
1 final down, 4 to go!
Ready to just be done!
and we'd love to help you do that :
Mayor says they are planning in the event of a confrontation on Sunday.
I hate that I missed the chance to be yours
there are no ugly bitches..
bitches are for most part beautiful ...
sorry...
I just cracked my Wtf.
Fucked my whole day up ugjjh who got a Sprint HTC
Back to good 'ol Concan, Texas
Merry Christmas
NEXT TIME YOU BY KL WE NEED TO WORK ON A TRACK MY NIGGA..
HE JUST DID MY SAINTS SONG..
HIT ME BACK BIG BROTHA
Douchebags Ah yes, the people we cant stop talking about, but love to bash.
that's a process philosophy thesis: that cells must constantly produce themselves over time thru processes.
I'm so glad ion have a boyfriend.
Niggas something!
BitchesFromTheHood  Go To The Store In They Pajamas ., And Get Mad When SomeBody Stare.
what kind of seminar is that?
a witness seminar
Trying to recover enough for the Twestival and salsa dancing tomorrow.
Other comic fans: Did Bloodshot seem like the sexy version of Deathlok to anyone else?
Just me?
I'll go now...
Happy Weekend!
Enjoy football and fashion this Sunday!
Good morning, UWM!
The Grind's 11:11 on 11/11/11 wish is that you buy a Waffle Crisp Mocha!
Welcome to my library during fire alarms.
We had somebody go back to the bathroom to brush their teeth.
goodnight Ariana!
Sweet doctorams hearts; you!
: :
Dear BaltimoreCity 911 Quality Assurance, answering the phone would be a win for the team.
2'nd if I'm calling, yes, it's an emergency.
Heat lose!!
I love James3 So fucking much';
Is this not covered under FERPA?
RT : Also, I want students to manage and own their professorles/portfolios/data...
Impromptu stop at mi casa!!
we shortshorts 
This sucks 
.
True.
Ray Guy is the only punter EVER doctorfted in the 1st round of NFL doctorft and SHOULD be in the Hall of Fame.
im i one of them
Has everyone seen ?
Love the film.
A Paper.
goodjob!
David's 'hostage videos' outtakes were so great.
Did you guys know that our doctormmer is only 14 and still in middle school?
He gets to hang out with 19 year olds all day.
RT Retweet this everyday if you disagree with Twitter's decision to hide replies to people you don't follow
earthquake Wow, that was a big jolt.
I hear 4.2.
2nd big jolt in a couple of weeks...
It lightens my heart to know that there are still middle age men who where too much black and strange hats and meet in coffee shops
y'all had like 5 ppl that went there lol
Thank you!!!
Im soo happy : Ah!
It's been 3 years since I've been in a relationship...
woah!
Tonight was so fantastic!
Thank you Oakland for being do amazing!
Apparently I have forgotten how to doctorve a stick today.
I used to know the difference in first and reverse
Appreciate the mentions  follows frm PRoverCoffee Fantastic event
Just found out my ITRT team and I will be presenting at NCSS this December in Washington, D.C.
Anyone else find out?
In the near future, but scarves first.
: Any chance we could get some CoMo Cauldoctorn shirts made up?

NY mets , don't sleep on the mets.
I miss you guys as well...can't wait for next season!!
There comes a point when you do have to ask if the extent to which their data are outliers is skewing the overall trends.
I'd pay so much money man...
whos bullying you?!
is emailing potential clients.
In need of general contracting services?
Give us a call; we are ready to assist you with your resindential / commercial construction needs.

another celebrity death!
Donald Duck Dunn
That lady would have had a headache in the morning...good dodge!
u is followed
Rihanna I can live without but I love Coldplay!
this pic so cute!
both of you are so gorgeous!
I get to walk my stepd to school today!
Warm and misty out.
Ditto!
; RT Tampico juice has been with me since I was liddo lol c:
Final presenter of afternoon: Jeffrey T.
Schnapp, Faculty Codirector, Berkman Center; Faculty Director, metaLAB Harvard
its sunny here in Chicago !
how is England?
How does s/he feel about Nutella?
Thank you!
The knee is good!
Now on to the mini marathon and my ultra training!
thanks for the follow, Doug!
Hope you're well.
yea but u know it be sweeter to sweep the rangers then the caps lol
Thank you!
It's easy peasy though.
Sauce only has 3 ingredients.
:
Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like Im deleting evidence.
Order one ounce of your favorite essential body oil for 10.
Contact me before April 30th!!!
I'm in love with Adam Levine
I think that's universal.
Unless they've been in your OR for some help.
yeah buddy.
That's really, really strange.
OH in the Rush household, I'll take out anyone's stitches for a bottle of wine and some cheese.
med student/bffl
thanks :p
Hi Matt!
Hope all is well!
Sorry I missed you when you were in DC recently
Recapping the night over lunch, my life is never short of stories.
RT Indicators of knowledge flow: interactions, response time, timetosolve.
Others?
..
yes: tweets ..
o girl id watch out if I was you
oh yes....it's the weekend.
Happy happy weekend!
sure, I can see that: it's a hella compelling ending, though  i think the malaise is Grossman's counter to Harry Potterism...
Im pretty sure that gets told how hot he is like 5,000 times a day at least, but funny thing is, it's so true!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!
Religious Right outraged after John Elway aborts Tim Tebow; will protest his prochoice stance on quarterbacks.
Looking for an Editor who speaks Spanish in Tallahassee  know anyone?
ooh, good luck with the lasik!
My prescription is too difficult for me to trust cheap onehour lenses.
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo Kobe Bryant wife who spending his Kobe System Commercial money!
Good Morning!
Have a WonderfulWednesday.....SPREAD LOVE!
you've got it!
Thanks.
Ah another long day at work!!
Can't wait till my only day off monday!!!
All Magic does is win, man.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Dodgers announce an agreement to sell team to group that includes Magic Johnson.
MM
So tell me what you want girl.
I'll be there to hold you 
sounds good
More Than Welcome ..
Enjoy your day as well...
Happy Valentine'sDay everyone!
If you haven't made dinner reservations yet, I hope can cook!
yea idk why D: I didn't like this when I first made one lololol xD so I deleted it but now I LOVE IT!
haha xD
And why didn't I see that one coming?
yeah!
So you must been excited when came to Australia?
Trying to get the picture.
Don't lie I bet you were trying lol
Ready for an amazing week!
Lol these girls at da park was fighten then they parents came and started fighten da kids
We're gonna party all night, have the time of our lives!
Lol jk it's past my bedtime.
El Duque would be proud!
Thanks: RT : No one can compare to her ????
Hey, thanks!
Might have to steal the beeriodical term.
RT your beeriodical is looking good!
MAYDAY MAYDAY I AM DOWN FOR THE COUNT.
THERE IS NO TURNING BACK.
DEAD
Get the feeling that this presentation is largely a charade for the public.
They've already talked about all this stuff.
So sorry for your families loss.
Watching American Reunion!
Who's seen it?
Did a workrelated gas price interview with WXIN Fox 59 while at dinner with my family tonight.
They track me down wherever I go!
Registration for the Gainesville, Fl race is officially open!
Four days ahead of schedule!
WOOHOO!
Go to www.swampdash.com
aw!!!
Thank you so much sweets: its been a wonderful journey!
I'm so happy I can bring all of my favorite things to Mke!
I'm filming w National Geographic for your Taboo episode.
Please send along anything about yourself I should keep in mind.
:
A relaxed, inviting restaurant with an interesting menunot fussy or snobbish, but created for people who simply enjoy food!
Crisis averted; power is back after an hourlong outage!
The hunt for candles has been cancelled.
Prudes ruin everything.
We will be closed today for lunch due to bad weather.....
not the worst
I was going to go for the next one lol
it's
We are an authorized Reseller of the new Pitney Bowes Volly service!
Want to know more call 5058993104.
Music Is My Medicine
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo by playing Coldplay's Yellow on guitar!
Luvvin the sounds of Asus4  Dsus2 sweet!
Hope u r shining ur light too!
Thanks for the twitter shoutout and back at ya!
if and when Blake gets as explosive on defense as he is on offense, he and the Clippers will be a problem.
A big one.
tonite is local hip hop night rd 2 of freestyle rap battle 2 well doctornks 2 domestic doctorfts  10 local performers  11
you and all the other hippies.
thanks for the follow amber.
ad2 is Kewl.
So ready to get out and enjoy this weather...need to find something fun to do....
Not doing it again today.
Can't.
Almost man.
Almost.
hey check your facebook.
Ha!
...alright now let's move along....girl....
Too funny!
Wonder who the better dancer is...
Lesson learned don't go to a casting call without a confirmation number or a casting number you can contact.
Yes, and I'm now responding to an  reply I never received from you.
Great to catch up with old friend Alex English in town for Linsanity game last night with the Kings
Smoking that bud:
Lost in Astoria Queens.....
: We're Asian, we almost always look younger than we are.
That's our blessing  so true!
Viola was robbed!
Call the BlackCrusaders!
Are you aStreetlit book fan?
If so Retweet it and represent it.
Why do people fan themselves w/ their hand other than to let others know that they feel hot?
Because certainly it doesn't cool u off
just don't eat the sushi they're taking photos of!
:
Oh the irony.
I just put Carmen Miranda and Celia Cruz on my letters.
Remember those?
ManageEngine to Debut Private Social Network Exclusively for IT at Interop
Um.....who else just got that Google alert?
Was a Jack Black song really just described as reminiscent of Wings on Fire?

Tough math for loyal Dems  relative value of each candidate  chances of winning.
and I are getting excited for NVSA.
UMDCP and cherry blossoms, here we come.
Do not mess around with The Hound.
That is all.
Damn!
Special thanks to Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday.
hooker you know to stay out my territory
Chapter 2012 Page 84 of 366 Loving it when I spontaneously experience Iron sharpening Iron
Yep.
True.
Sorry about the east coast earthquake.
Hope everyone is okaywe understand here in LA !
Praying for you:
loved the meeting today..
Great timing as a newbie to really understand Leader's history.
I hate that my mind is so perverted
Uhh, why is the fact that Obama supports same sex marriage a news story?
How could you not know that?
Giving mom Radioactive: Marie  Pierre Curie: A Tale of Love and Fallout by Lauren Redniss.
Then I can read it when she's finished!
happy Thursday!
Hope you're well, all's great on my end!
Cardiac strike again!
Way to go, guys!
thanks for the RT..I totally agree!
Flogging Molly show on Thursday.
Baseball and poker on Friday.
This is going to be a good week!
Let's Go Heat!
AHHHSNOWDAY!
classes cancelled!
best day of my life!
i'm in grad school?
Yes, soft tacos are the best!
good here.
Don't don't what Cary, N.C.
means?
lol Charlotte is busy and END is 1 Persons, Men  Women 1834.
Hope Life is :
These two teams have SWITCHED ROLES
4031 Hoyas at the first TV timeout.
Belmont can't defend without fouling.
They picked up their fourth team foul in just four minutes
I have not used coursekit before, but it looks very cool.
worth checking out.
I am not too crazy about the name.
incredible!
Perfect way to wake up in the morning.
Love my man Srv.
; thank you so much!
Took me forever to get used to progressive lenses.
And still get dizzy if I turn my head too suddenly
well first I don't want to be shot please...lol , I don't know do u have any ideas?
I swear fuck this shit i hate being sick overdosing advil
sorry i haven't twittered forever, just saw star trek for mothers day.
PRETTY SICK!!!!!!!!!1
u didn't follow me!:
New Steeping Room?!
Details plz.
Tired as hell
Don't play the bass, wrestle with it.
Mike Watt
it's fine ?
So, why do you guys like RDB?
Hit me up with a DM by April 5th, I'm going to make a video 
Thanks for the interview with Martin Kemp!
You guys are an absolute pleasure to work with!
where u playing anyways?
Wish u were still in milwaukee
RT and I'll tell you which person from the crew you'd look good with along with a picture.
What a wonderful in cleveland, ohio!!!!
Browns football, and beers in the brisk cleveland autumn air, god how I missed this.
U guys should definitly carry Not just any ordinary brand but a lifestye as well as a Culture!
What effect do you think mobile tech will have on IL?
Im lame ha
You gotta try their Vesuvius Cake!!
RT: going to tonight with a bunch of people!!
Can't wait
Haha, yes, well called!
QoTD: First we form habits, then they form us.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
You're going to entertain me while I cook!

thanks for following LifeVine Works!
You are far too kind, !
Thanks!
One of these days we should get together talk shop and foreign travel!
ok thanks brody!
Those beignets ARE good, aren't they?
:
It's DWTS Monday!
I suggest you look up the number to call to vote for now, so you don't miss a single step tonight!
RT : Just got off the phone with dope interview.
I think I'll cop the Jordan 3's!
Interview coming soon
3rd team, final change.
Take out Rondo and K Love.
Parker, Rose, Blake, Love, Griffin.

what are you clowns up to tonight?
I'll be in Royal Oak with
I can't believe I'm doing this!
adorable picture by the way!
or a 20yearold girl with PMS.
Every emotion can be experienced in a constructive or destructive fashion.
Paul Ekman
Today 1959: Circus World Museum opened in Baraboo.
Served as winter headquarters for Ringling Brothers Circus.
this sounds like an outstanding solution.
Do you have any I can borrow.
And here we go...
take care of that crippled boy pleaze.
Some people just piss me off.
I have tweeted in so long.
Been so busy with my music and school lately and youtube too.
so how are you guys?
:D
With 16 of the Michigan vote in...I'm banking on The Newt to win the remaining 84 and put this nomination in the bag.
Not too familiar with IB, but I'm planning more study skill and metacognition lessons for next year.
your puppy sacrifice is old Suke investment  you'll make yer kids remember that when you need to get wheeled around at fred meyer
Wouza I was just there yesterday!
Now I've got a cold.
Thanks kids for doctoroling coughing and sneezing into my mouth nose and eyes.
Happy Birthday!!!!
I'm one of those shoppers today.
runyouover I have food to fix and people to see!
Avoid the horror story: Someone didn't get bug fix out to customer version, shipped 800 million of defective product!
Kenya: Fiber optic infrastructure, Open Data Initiative in place, need community level capacity
I bought a dozen free range eggs but when I got home the carton was empty.
Thank you!
I'm pretty giddy.
We know how you feel!
We're looking at wifi options and hope to have some answers soon!
You know it!!
is awesome in doctor Horrible's Sing Along Blog
Seriously?, white males can wear hoodies but blacks can't?
and now the task of getting everything back to normal begins!
I wish he was here with me right now :/ 3
First time I woke up feeling this good in a looooonng time :
My heels are to die for.
Brb gonna go die
Love this quote!
Had a great time  Riley's last night!
Next up: Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Friday, Gruene Hall on Saturday  Sing A Song for Story Be
Oh Monday...
you never cease to disappoint me ;
if I'm a STH but my two guests aren't, can we all sit in the MS area or do I need to sit with them in the east?
I'm so in love with Aldo Spring collection!
I love it!
OMG!
Shell is going to buy BP.
I wanna be colorblind3
Remember when Leonardo DiCaprio played fun characters, like in Catch Me...?
Why has he been so Serious since then?
Tech can't always beat the real thing.
If I ever saw a hologram you on TV I'd feel cheated.
Griner or Delle Donne?
in Europe
I can't believe they peed on Frank White for this.
thank you!
Same to you.
Don't eat too much candy!
Lol
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair In the Dallas area call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
So i'm invisible now?
That's cool.
I've always wanted a super power.
thanks for continuing to be brave and honest and beautiful and real.
You are a huge inspiration to me.
dabulls compete with the best.
No matter what!
you can be my it girl
hopefully i'll be able to see and meet you!
i'm also performing in the tour!
House pickled pepperoncini?
Berkeley has OS X binaries for the new version of R up.
Time to see what those speed improvements look like
105 riv has the good spot party 2night.
can't miss it.
im coming over after hearing Tiesto's music the 5th anniversary of pink elepaht.
Thanks for RTing, Bob.
You're the best!
what about CCJ for a long?
I HAVE 20 YEARS EXP AS A ENTERTAINMENT BODYGUARD.
I WAS JUST TRYING TO GET ON UP AND COMING TOUR DATES.
THANKS
That's assuming that one even gets to a bridge, I myself would just jump off.
Always good too see foodie/fashionista !
Looking forward to next week.
a pisco sour or d' PISCO SOUR
I'm craving BBQ chicken wrap from Red Robin !!
I've found that setting the alarm to country music gives you the most motivation to jump out of bed, shut that alarm off,  start your day.
I love flowers
Well I a just started twitter!!
Trying to get to know how to use this thing!!:
it's okay!, however thank you!
For rt it.
I hate when somebody put u on blast in front of everybody.
That piss me off
All we've done all week is westest prep.
Thank you God for dying for me!
I love you and I give my life to you!
Lead me down the right path to be in line to what you have for my life
bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive.
If Gov.
Romney were President, could he use that same line?
Vice President Joe Biden
That would be me.
Your job is to help people get started and get them connected to the umbilical cord of your system.
All reserved tables have been seated.
We now have openings for brunch.
Outside or in.
so doctornk
email us  and i'll help you with an exchange or return.
we want you to be 100 happy with your order!
:
main reason for me is its the only time it can be he and I and when I work late I may not see him.
This has been a long day but has been a day of victory for me.
However, the war continues.
while you are imagining, I'll stick with reality where Wash.
has had wasted millions in FA dollars to no avail.
You already know RT : SHOUT OUT TO MY GUY TONIGHT WE PARTYING FOR HIS BDAY!!!
OK, so, I give money to one time  and now, Barack, Michelle and Joe Biden keep emailing me asking for more like everyday...
I agree with you totally about the Japanese...
except for DiceK
RT Zenler Studio Pro Beta is ready now.
Email 4 more info..
just read Twitter Power.
Thank you for writing this book Joel!
Fantastic.
Thinking/planning/organizing/plotting is great....but ACTION is what puts you directly in your Purpose
You're really going to make me pick one?
Just one?
Sigh.
Okay.
HUEY LEWIS!
The ability of Excel to be amazing is only equivalent to it's ability to annoy the heck out of a user.
Mavs fans finally waking up
IF YOU TEXT ME FIRST ; IT'S YOUR JOB TO KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING.
Hey do you know anything about River Runners rafting?
Both their phone numbers are disconnected.
Recommendations?
worked a fight sequence with Jaqui from the Walking Dead for a scene we will do together  an amazing actress, I was really scared!
ImTheTypeOfPerson who gets all jazzed up by the Nat.
Slam Poetry Championships here in Btown!
Don't miss the Encylopedia Show!
RIP Mike Wallace.
You were 60 Minutes for me.
The dog, excited upon the homecoming, said, Reunited and it feels so good.
On the road again DC or bust
: And Motte the Hoopla finishes it off.
All the young dudes..
carry the news, bugulou dudes...
great tune
bahaha or mullets over bangs
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Summer registration information will be coming out soon!
Get ready!!
Just did the announcements at school and I'm not gonna lie I was
Sit on his face RT : ladies what would u do if a man come before getting into the pussy...would u call boyfriend  2 lol
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
Omg and another really lame tweet.....
2011 A blessed year!
Deeply humbled, full of new light, new wisdom, powerful love and hope for continued blessings in 2012
For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE
Thinking of all my boutiques, gift shops and museum stores in South Carolina, North Carolina and Virgina.
Be safe!
Nobody ever kiks me :
please help stop kony spread the word watch the video kony 2012 on youtube
A person who finds her passion is a truly wise person
But me?
Of course I liked you.
Have time for me?
I don't expect you to.
Whatever you need will show up on time
no doubt no doubt.
Been reading about the early days of the Moog and loving it
SecGen: no progress on talks w/Russia re missile defense, but still optimistic for agreement by Chicago summit.
.
gun weight QA: What would be good starting airsoft guns?
RT : the conference sets itself up to be made fun of.
/u making fun of Champions really just shows that u r a sore loser.
Im gonna shuffle my way to party rock heaven some day.
:
Going to be a late night...setup/soundcheck/rehearsal at for Spark...tomorrow at 6pm.
Everyone is welcome!
Come!
The Orioles have as many injuries as they do home runs.
Hi peeps , haven't been here in awhile.
Have a good weekend all
I haven't even read the book, so I shouldn't even care that the whole process is turning out to be a mess.
Thanks!
I am excited to be a part of such a cool event!
The pessimist complains about the wind.
The optimist expects it to change.
The leader adjusts the sails.
John Maxwell
I didn't literally mean for the Grammys.
My opinion means more than theirs anyways.
When your WalkIn has blocks of ice hanging from the beer lines Could be the reason your beer won't pour.
Tomorrow...I AM GOING HOME!!!
Haiti here I come :
Is it a sign that I'm not on Twitter enough that this is my favorite Tweet in a long time?
ahaha , yeah it also tastes really good!
:P
Darren King's doctormstick.
Woah you're in Europe?
Haha!
I guess I forgot it!
we will soon bro
Pretty hard to lose clout when your Klout score is a microscopic 45.
Jumped in to refollow us.
Think we can get her to Jump in the Columbia on Jan.
30?
Bring  friends
YW!
Have an amazing week!
The 98th Annual Tree Lighting Ceremony is Tomorrow night  Daley Plaza in Chicago!
Let mister Chauffeur take you  avoid the parking nightmare!
Yes!
So Then They Can Marry You?
;
aww..
i really like your main pic..
cute!
its fucking ridiculous.
200 Cash prize !
The rock band Veneer is looking for a new band logo.
CueReal !
Creative Collaboration !
Bracket is already busted, Harvard goes down to Vandy 7970
I burn bread, I ain't talkin toast...
Whoa!
There are free copies of CRUSH IT!
autographed by for the having at entrance to g2e Keynote, Ballroom A, Level 3
it speaks to the racism point you made...you are.
Changing.
The subject
I'd be in favor of reinstating the P.O.'s former monopoly on 1st cl mail delivery.
RT If you go to an art exhibit and don't Instagram it, I won't believe you really got it.
Hold up.
They are getting divorced?!
The reruns of the wedding are still on E!
Hey thanks for the RT!
Will you make it?
I'm glad to see the remixthebook Twitter project is still going strong.
FB subscribe has FB and twitter head to head.
Wonder if they will they start paying contributors to grab mindshare?
I hope so.
Oh , thesoup is chicken soup for the tv watcher's soul.
Love.
It.
If you were in the service, let us know if you have a story of a time when someone had to tell you not to be a dope.
We'll RT...
Must.
Watch.
New.
Game of thrones!
I told Corey at halftime I screwed him  George Karl.
Now Corey Brewer is sick.
When inspiration's lightening electrifies u 2 immediate action  ur inner muse speaks impatiently u have no choice but 2 obligingly listen
not really :
Thanks Erika!
Glad I can serve up some good stuff for you!
having a cheat meal today since I don't have groceries!
In n out burger protein style, fries and a Neapolitan shake!
So now we know that the general election will feature a bland Ivy League partyalienating millionaire vs.
Mitt Romney
No, I don't think he will win another
Sophie, Annalise, and Laura.
: Will it be that easy?
RT : Gonna have to beat The SEC twice for that to happen.
LSU then SEC champ in BCS.
Paranormal activity 2 was on some other shit.
Pitino has 16 I thought?
What am I missing here.
Hey people im her hangin with my mom and this is awesome but she is singing so can someone hellp me pliase
Or at least omniscience!
where u dick?
Just got off work.
Time for a jam party
Looking like I'm reading, but I'm not really reading.
Ahah.
2nd car paid off!
Our debt snowball is rolling!
rest, medication, and fluids
ladies leave your man at home!
Unfortunately, as fans we're becoming used to this kind of garbage.
Viruses  vampiressamesame.
Both unkillable bits of evil.
Sweet doctorams!
I advise you to venture into business bartering through Systematic Bartering Plans
edub what's up
what are some of your favorite topics to write about?
Other than the grandangels, of course!
happy birthday!:
If you like the debate, you will give us more money.
That is all.
Ron Swanson.
Kenny!
Happy Birthday !
You are fine iloveyou !Since you're the older brother are my brother foreverbelieber
what would u say about a boy and a girl who love eachother very much but cant be together because the girls family hates the boy
Do You Smell Roses Anyone ?
On Wisconsin !!!!!!!!
call him the CEO, him and duncan are the only two left that actually use it consistently
was reminded today that my last day on the job will be 12/17 so come one, come all with job leads, leads, and more leads.
you are beautiful and do look like a goddess, but this photo was not taken by me.
I'd love to work with you some day, though!
PRESS DIGEST  Financial Times  May 2
Yeah i know lol RT : I was jus talkn about football, dont know where your mind is...
you guys were awesome tonight.
Thank you!
Feeling the spirit of inspiration today.
Think I'll slap some bass...
Chickpea Stew Recipe from Bon Appétit
I loved Carlos Tortolero's presentation.
John Wayne was not the first cowboy.
It probably was Jose Wayne or something haha
and im still here....
Mention that you havent appeared in the society pages because youre intensely private.
livelikethe1
I'll do watever I can to make it stop and to make you happy!!
Adventure Time...
Happy Charter Day to the Mu Beta Chapter Of Sigma Alpha Iota!
I am so happy I am apart of this lovely chapter.
EEEEEOOOOOTA!
Officially in New Mexico, the land of enchantment
thank you...hopefully!
MyCelebCrushIs Matthew McConaughey.
Ever since The Wedding Planner.
:
Im old enough to know better but young enough to not care
Help, chicago friends: friend is looking for a place to stay in chi on1122 May.
Cheap  with wifi.
Bb, couch, room, anything?
Probably getting thoughts bout moving over there .
Does it say on my forehead somewhere I dig psycho....don't think so
God has something better for me than now
Good morning North Texas.
What is everyone's plans this fine crisp weekend?
I will be at the ISTE precon!
Lindsay  Lance planned a great event  see you there!
preach JM!
We got this...
Stunning Saturday ahead!
Sunny with highs upper 50s to low 60.
Sunday upper 50s with increasing clouds.
Home improvement or yardwork?
miss you.
I'll be a guest on with today at 4pm PST on the Network, re: marketing of Tebow/Manning.
if that was your point, then I apologize for missing it...clearly, this is a topic of passion for me.
RT : Funeral Sevices will be held this Friday at 11am at Congregation Schaarai Zedek in Tampa..for those...
Guuuuhhh, my body hurts.
Good night.
I miss you!!!!
Hope you're having a better day ..
.
It's usually raining or cold or even snowing for doctorkerelays!
I remember freezing one year while serving as judge for parade
Good night tweeps :
okeyy.
we have like 23 weeks to finish it so i won start it soon haha
lol knew you'd peep that
Buy30Days or you hate life.
Gonna get fat if I keep eating burgers all the time.
Good school day until the very end when I embarrassed myself and it wasnt even funn I hurt myself I think I heard people laugh 
did u go back to school
My aren't looking very good lately.
Where's the bats?
Awesome!
Thanks so much!
10songsthatmotivateme  Rounding out the list: A Silent Film  You Will Leave a Mark, Ben Folds  Rockin the Suburbs
Bring your Mom out and enjoy the gorgeous weather on our patio today.
Brunch goes until 3 as always!
retweet if your bored as fuck
One, song, left.
his natural beauty.
So how is something 'made in China' proAmerica?
?
Answer!
U want me2believe u want us to succeed?
ABSURD!
wait!
Was he already married or did he just get married because I saw joe posting wedding pictures?
Opinions are split on whether or not the commercial real estate market has hit bottom or not
...Plus, Reggie Wayne is probably going to follow Peyton Manning.
Broncos line up Wayne, Thomas and Decker with Manning directing.
i kid !
After last night I need to detox :/
lol i was hoping you'd see that.
He cooking dinner I'm caking on the phone it feels so to get pampered daily!!
we record bands.
Come by and check out the studio if you want.
Attending twitter class with
I'm in math class:
k just stop cos like..
how is the pup?
I wanna learn Kung Fu...like Neo did in the Matrix!
NASTY!
Thanks for the heads up.
Ashley, just saw what happened!
So glad you're ok.
Will I be seeing you at PLA next week?
been exchanging links to your reviews with my pal for the past hour or so.
Really enjoying your shit, man!
Good!
I'm doing well, too.
Dave!
Thanks for having us!
Portland love!
:D
loved the movie :
ya, agreed, heard that viewpoint from a few people...haven't seen MLB's at the ballpark yet, but have heard good things
Rainy Day in Orlando!
Working on marketing pieces today.
Enjoying a Manhattan...in Manhattan.
Plus, some kind of goofy snack mix that has butterfly shaped crackers in it.
Dude, I'm gonna be bringin' stuff home with me!
I would buy a Pentatonix album tonight.
hey check out my new youtube.
ronster729
Got lunch brought to me by a surprise person....brightened my day ALOT!
Has anyone seen Doomsday Preppers?
This show is giving me anxiety!
it was a bday party.
Guy was moms ex.
Got doctornk/high and argued w/ everyone grabbed a shot gun and started firing some shots ...
I will miss you so much!
I believe Daniela can do as great as I did!
Thank you for the Persian dinner tonight ; Love, Matt
: Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
John Quincy Adams
Exclusive:Mountain Lion warning at a North County school..
Tonight on NBC 7 at 11.
I'm so jealous of all you folks at VMworld I'm gonna want details!
You keep me updated and I'll reciprocate.
thanks for sharing.
was a great event!
Yes the News say no more snow...
Follow and they will donate 2 to the March of Dimes.
I've been good!
and ''little one'' isn't so little anymore put it that way!
:D
RT : 20 yrs ago 2day I was diagnosed w/ cancerdidn't know what my future held!
God has overdelivered on every promise!//YES!
Happy Birthday So proud of you for fighting every day for the greater good of all people.
loveyousomuch nevergiveup xoxo
go see a local blues act
thanks for the follow.
We are print to order.
So once you make a sale we print and ship for you.
Email us if you have more Q's
im playin that Mercy remix now...so insane
Never Say Never.
Put Your Hearts Up.
Radiate Love.
Just Say Yes I Can.
Good diet can help your dogs shedding issuetalk to your Vet maybe it's time to make a switch!
hey!!!.question.
Wht do yu look for in a male performer???
Lemme kno
We just sent out a press release about our auction tomorrow.
IT's looking like a great day to auction some awesome things tomorrow!
I just got an email from Feather Your Nest.
Made me think of you.
;
Verna McClain39;s text messages may indicate mental illness
you are the new FIRST LADY!
Wow  with great power comes great responsibility....
well i been using this from my ps vita and it doesnt hqve a ringer on it.
I maybe out that way soon
MY BOYFRIEND IS ENGLISH and waxes at EWC!
Vanisha doesn't even have a comb in her car, what am I supposed to do!?
Lmao
The Holiday and The Notebook are on my DVR...this is a serious problem
I learned how to do it to make my nose look smaller.
No lie.
Oh, youth.
If anything, I know of some great trashcans in the thirdward to feature your art in.
RT : I'd talk to
never count me out im a valuable soccer sleeper
Disneyland could have legal fireworks and I cant?!
Wtf!
Who else is having fun with Chrome Canary?
Dock to the right feature is awesome, allows for narrow size widths for responsive theming.
Yes.
And I bet you couldn't be happier.
:
I cant tell who you are by just your name, try making your professorle pic, a picture of you.
Judge Patricia Wald delivering instructions to the jury/participants of the
Thank you for recommending the works of Alve Noe  Out of Our Heads.
I am in the process of adding new books to my library.
First Lethal Weapon and first Seagal, Above the Law, touch on it  pacification of populace in Vietnam c.
'6972.
I suck at showing my feelings.
Blah.
Our culture's approach to poverty needs criticism.
It also needs involvement.
Critique with personal commitment to a better approach.
I just finished a 3.92 mi run with Nike GPS.
Happy New Year's Eve!
I'm partying it up with the guys and Lizz tonight!
Tons of food, games, and nerdy stuff.
Ought to be a blast.
Ideas ideas..
Wow  astounding difference!
RT : In Mass, unemployment rate is 8.
In Mass communities of color, 30.
definitely 4...the most versatile of the bunch; jazz, rock, funk, fusion, country..all in one!
: my life at its finest
I did.
I really did.
Gosh, this better be fun or I'm kicking your butt.
In this long ass line wit tha Bg's.lol
lol i third that
Its called evolution get used to.
No...it's a NUT GRINDER.
I'm doctor lol
in the office working on Monday's issue...
FALL TV REVIEW EXTRAORDINAIRE!
good idea, I can only do one thing at a time
Who likes CHAMPAGNE?!
Come in for brunch tomorrow!
We'll be servin' up 3 mimosas!
Virtually every publication in the world right now would desperately like to be 100 digital Josh Quittner  Flipboard...
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you shit your pants....again
Consistency and
sorry..can't mess w/ the hair!!
haha
Well.
Considering my tolerance, I should be doctornk, and yet I am not.
Hurray for me!!
I saw it last night for bout the 100th time.
Love that movie
Springer's really turned it on.
Still striking out too much, but really doctorving the ball.
you're cute :
it's a Canadian bloody Mary.
Bound to be different.
Reading abt Recruitment  Retention of Underrepresented Minority Graduate Students?
via NAGAP Perspectives mag I received today!
Don't let the Internet become a less secure place.
Please contact your congress rep about Internet Censorship.
americancensorship.org
Donald O'Connor was in the army in 1944.
He seems like such a happy guy!
But then again it's a movie....
R E T W E E T THIS IF YOU WANT SHOUTOUT
The word IMPERFECT actually spells I'M PERFECT.
Because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
I know!!
Woo : LOVE
I didn't mean to offend you when I said you were stupid.
I honestly thought you already knew.
The NHRA Full Throttle doctorg Racing Series will be featured on ESPN through 2016 as part of a 5year, multimedia rights agreement extension
I'm now the old party pooper who goes to sleep early when friends are over.
it's my body's fault for being so tired 24/7...
ah working from ur phone?
thank god for smart phones or we'd be dead!!
artsed nyapd f2fconf pd for arts educators should have expertise coming from the educators and be engaging and fun
Hi Marta!
How are you!
Can you follow me?
love you 3
You'll know when it's effecting you, when you try going faster on your stairmaster to get away from the smell
Life is so much better now that I don't have a Facebook.
Sad how shit works.
Heard that was checking out amazing student art at Gwen Frostic School of Art Exhibition last night.
What's up with 5.4.12?
Anyone who appreciates Gene Rayburn is worth following.
god man
Yes, waldo bars do smell like sewage.
Go somewhere else if its that bad.
Who taught you to put English on a cue ball?
putting the period .
in front of the  helps it be more visible
oh I have an idea
they brought it on they self fam
If I could go back in time, I would take the braised short ribs I just made to the prom.
Ouch!!
Josh Hamilton out for 8 weeks.
This will be a good test of the team's character
getting doctornk will be inevitable tonight
It just proves he's a good, good man!
are you still looking for an OWS photo?
I think I know someone who took some today.
Keeniun still hasn't paid me the remainder and he hasn't returned calls or my email.
I'm about ready to have him served
but you see my dilemma why funny shows when I'm working out
yo you too the y today
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative!
Gets the people goin!!!!
: Steamed shrimp...
: Old Bay and  TeamOldBaysteamed anything
You're a fuckin idiot
Rod Serling It may be said with a degree of assurance that not everything that meets the eye is as it appears.
Bitches like to have fun wit dudes wit change n I doubt that'll ever change
Mooooks : , what happened?
erl12 hey group I'm meeting with this morningwe're in the back right hand corner of the Tejas room
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: I love this game so much it's so addictive by Katina
I am a nerd
GG!!!
How do I accept the follows?
I don't see the option :
That awkward moment when making Thai noodles turns into making a Thai pepper bomb on the stove.
Still coughing a bit.
Thursdaynight trend lately.
Showered and in bed before the sun goes to bed.
Dear San Diego Port District, please do not Surrender The Kiss at the waterfront
Going to date a Virgo?
Manage your appearance.
Virgos prize neatness and cleanliness.
Oh.
My.
GAWD.
I just got a sudden surge of hornyness that I am totally unable to control.
I need a dick inside me NOW.
It's like you know me or something!
;
Are You Ready To Run?
Just watched the 1995 Young Comedians Show on HBO starring Dave chappelle and Crushing it even back then.
I wish i knew people..
Important people.
Not you.
I need new people to text
I love u.
Thank u.
Might take u up on that real soon.
Xo
QuitActing like you care.
it's clear that you never did
Very sorry for your loss.Prayers for your Aunt Dee and You :
You're so kind.
haha who's your team?
AND another FF to some of our great supporters
you, me,  are skyping tonight :
Very cool, but only compatible with the D3200 :
That's great!
: Beautiful catch!
Michael Pollan is on stage at Heinz Hall.
Afterwards, in Manfred Honeck's office, he'll tape a segment for tomorrow's Good Morning America.
It doesn't matter how big your organization is, says Chad Jester.
You have to just do something to help our community.
big fan of what you are doing.
Was just talking about the need for PRODUCT management tools.
The art of window doctorssing...Check out Hunter Douglas their designs are exceptionally attractive!!!
I would settle for just one Mix.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future  Oliver Wendell Holmes
Uhoh...in for a bad storm?
Number of trips made by bicycle in USA more than doubled from 1.7B to 4Billion  in 2009
has really enjoyed the day off.
...
Theres an old proverb that says pretty much whatever you want it to.
There's plenty of time to finish the week on our Leader Board!
Give us 30 minutes, and we'll help make it happen!!
I need to read your thesis then.
Be sure to bring extra copies to Vancouver!
:
IF I EVER LOSE MY MIND DNT LET ME LOSE MY STROKE
I.
Hate.
Guys.
Remembering to breathe and smile and see the beauty that is
Can it be any nicer in Milwaukee right now?
the heavy
Interestinghadn't remembered CDC not on board when piece reported.
Set a time each nite where technology is off limits  attention focused on ur kids or partner.
where r u  watching the game from
and Jim's suggestion reminds me abt the orwell essay on goobledygook.
RT Both groups back together now at 3rd and Main stopped in intersection.
Police asking them to move on loud speaker.
I'm not big on any of those authors, but Meiji Taisho lit crit just never gets old.
Even if I were doctornk, I'd still be able to throw a perfect game.
Bring it on, motherfucker.
Have a safe and amazing trip to Hawaii apparently
Wow RT : POR players complaining about Knicks showboating is a joke.
DO something about it.
Never seen a more hollow team.
All talk
I done seen some things in my life!.
And they sure are pretty!!
.
Only if you knew!
Thanks for your patience!
Werk fashion RT : Walk, walk, fashion, baby...
at London Hotel for Genlux party
Tight promo package my dude!

leggings with no panties or thongs underneath I c that a lot
Just got my Tooth tattoo touched up at American Electric Tattoo Co in LA.
Very nice people.
Recommended.
whatever nigga.
U know u like boys.
Don't ever come to Cali vato.
two new songs on their way.
If this eye infection clears up then I'll perform them on next Ustream show on Tuesday.
I just hope there's a shitload of punts downed inside the 5
haha nice to see you here too!
wait what time is it there?
I'm really excited for tonight but getting nervousneed to find a distraction so I don't wear myself out before the big event!
Cognition trumps computation.
America is raising a generation of sissies!
Hey kids, returns tonight.
10pm to Midnight on We're going to have some fun.
I Still Got U Homie.
That Twitter Beef Was Pretty Funny Tho Haha

are awesome.
Check them out
yesterday it was decided that Hollister is the Worst Place on Earth, which kicked Times Square out of the 1 spot
well u won't have to get rid of them if u work on getting that size again
103 degrees?
Time for a run.
It builds character.
hey you remember how dominant Josh smith was in 2K back in the day?
Lol
I would like to volunteer for mcn2010.
How do I go about doing this?
OMG this is so sad.
You CAN change!
You so can change.
F all the gibronis out there!
brosandbrahds for life.
She'll get out one way or another might take some time though
Allnighter continues into an alldayer.
I believe the concept of shooting video and photos on the same shoot...
a poor allocation of talent
U r a strong phenomenal special angelwe all know that u r going 2 be just fine just want u 2 know that we're here  we luv u!
uuuuuuhhhhhhh getting ready for.....
wait i dont wanna say it......i get bored even hearing the name but imma say its school!!!!
boring
RT : G'night my lovely Twizzers!
See yall tomorrow!
My brother loves me too much haha But I felt so bad...he cried until we had it fixed...
Hub and spoke innovation alliance here in Baltimore says
Woo!
RT And now to make Jello shots.
Realest in my age group, no shit.
text me
I forgot!
k
GENIUSNOW: Submarine available on Netflix.
So really don't want school lunch so gunna convince mom n dad to get my lunch when I leave school next bell
Looking forward to sharing insights with you!
Feeling fat
turn yur heads bum
I'm so glad
Went to the Brickyard 400 today...I almost screamed when I saw haha :
where u working at?
dnt tell me wallmart thank you
We are in the process of setting up a Groupon!
Can you please help us by adding a review on Google, Urban Spoon or Yelp asap?
OMG 1k !!!!
I'm so happy!
Thankyou very much xx
Sour cream an onion dip with everything crackers....OMG yum.
Helps me concentrate on SP 2010.
doctor rose and a lot of it.
:
Check out my good friend Estebans YouTube at Estebeast And my good friend Bradley at Brad
Is finally 16 today:
Watching Waiting for Superman documentary about Education here in the U.S.
Watch if you care about our kids' future.
Let's go Broncos!!
Say NO to the demands of the world.
Say YES to the longings of your own heart.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Lookin at phones online
and if she starts to have seizures again don't give her Ativan..
She makes them up lol the doctorsaid this to me and I died laughing
the fast blue fox hopped over the lazy dog.
God determines how this will all end, so do me a favor and delete your version of MY story...
it doesn't matter...
You're mentioning a hot tub, we're mentioning awareness of a hot tub.
It's super tempting.
is this wifi organic?
Netflix me
Dear normal people, I'm not weird, I'm limited edition.
Sincerely, lighten up, you only live once.
this morning on metro, saw first sign of swinflu panic: A woman was wearing a mask.
Curtis excels  crashg into ball carriers w a ferocity that's in keepg w the sybl of the birdofprey proudly emblzd on his helmet.
Pro!
1976
How about Tsing's Friction; Franklin/Roberts Born not Made; Chatterjee's Time for Tea; Piot Remotely Global.
Welcome to South Florida!
Gotta love having a dog and a cat who love to get up early on Sundays
That's me, thee obnoxious animator XD Great event, great people, great city, great games, great job!
COURAGE LEADS when assuming responsibility for the welfare of others matters above all else.
My wife and I had a great time in NOLA!
Stayed in the French Quarter but explored the CBD and Garden District.
Gotta go back!
Oh how I missed this school.
Well, no one from NM won the jackpot but some lucky New Mexican will win a 42 TV from !
Buy Local  Play Local :
No idea, it just sounds so gross.
I kind of want to try it out just to see how bad it is.
I do like your idea though.
The extremities are so underrated but soimportant to basketball, especially good hands, just as cj
I say no!!!Deep down inside men know that women always have the power...Just makes our egos swell..
In the meanwhile check out this song I wrote for Roman Fingers that was rejected, then used for solo project: www.myspace.com/wendylnorton
All I can say is THANK GOD there are never ballot initiatives on the right to marry your cousin.
AGBT.
Look into the future of They have sequenced to 678 bp in house on MiSeq.
Very interesting....
RT : Sounds like your next Yeah, I Ate That post.
// Also probably the LAST Yeah, I Ate That post.
Ha!
That, and foot stomping like a toddler.
I have tea, but let's face it, tea doesn't cut it sometimes..
Like today.
sounds great, I'm all signed with my twitter handle too
Wade got the floater too?!
Rio taught ERRYBODY watch Juwan Howard is gonna get that floater now too.
Our annual Emergency Medical Services Awards Program will be held today to recognize top performing employees from our EMS Division
good morning.
live and love.
Florida killing: Calls for justice rage on
Hold on.
The surgeon is having an outofbodyexperience on SavingHope for a whole season?
And Patrick Wilson isn't the surgeon?
I can beleive I broke my damn phone.
If it is one thing its another.
Reading a book at the library is supposed to feel studious.
Right?
Where did I miss the sign that says shut up to everyone else.
Jasmine Sullivan's Excuse Me 
I like reminiscing about how we quarantined family members when they were ill.
Dude smeared piss and shit all over the men's bathroom at work.
Bravo, ya jackass!
Dude why are you explaining your doctorma to me?
We had a hard day of coming up with new recipes...now time to relax and enjoy.
Happy Saturday everyone!
one at a time next time marissa lol
I know the program option will win the vote  but I'm stuck on how its not always possible to negot.
the physical space bit.
You win w/ RUNS, You have to swing at good pitches  NOT swing at bad pitches.
26th in swinging at out of the zone pitches.

Sounds like Waukesha County had a pursuit  suspect fled on foot around the freeway  Greenfield after a crash
best place ever
Your hard word payed off!
They look really nice
FBCD bid support coming in!!!
Get in people you won't be sorry imo
Hey Bobby V., Let's warm up relief pitchers before starting pitcher reaches their career high pitch count or load the bases.
OMG!
We Can legally be doctornk the whole time!
Bringing my 25 at 8am on the spot
where do you get your ideas from?zach.
from my brain.
me.
...Tyler just wrote a song for me.
Umm AWKWARD.
That wasn't the case.
He was accused of Accusations of conspiracy.
He took the easy way out.
it was shocking!
I love teaching group strength.
I am a nerd.
jingle ball.
Someone should take me with them to see Steel Panther sometime soon...
Palm Sunday today, start of Holy Week.
Blessed palms distributed today will be burned for Ash Wednesday next year.
is november 4 for houston , tx
I'm sure you could, Feel free to train with Morgann and I whenever!
I have some new necklace designs that I need to get my act together  list, so I know the feeling!
:
i followed her ps i have a friend who can sing REALLY well but is shy about singing in her junior high school.
thanks Ari!
You're very sweet!
I LOVE U JUSTIN BIEBER 3 3
right on!!
I've not seen that pic ever either...thanks for sharing I LOVE it!
:
School work is inevitable on a night without homework when you have online courses
Playing by tonight and every Wednesday at 6:30pm!
Center City Philly inside the RitzCarlton.
But fuck them morals.
Show me your orals!
TRAFFIC: Crash  Outbound University  Park St.
Car vs pedestrian
congratulations sweet lady.
a very happy april 4th to you!
:
Haha!
No such luck.
His chocolate banana was good though.
will doctorp by ya  see if I can find u.
Just wanted to say hi!!

and if i dont nothing imma ball.
dont worry ill send you a ticket so you can cheer for me!
him and i will work it out
Oh you better believe it!!
I say we start a contest to see who can make the best facon!!
Thanks for all the book tips.
senioritis teachers..
Give up
Up n need to be sleep but im not sleepy
Exhausted.
When did halloween become busier than christmas?
Oh yeah, when i had kids.
love it!!
this is gee im at skool!!
follow us on twitter
Paths clear for those who know where theyre going and are determined to get there.
Anonymous
the blond guy is definitely dying while his bitch is at that dinner
The Mamas  the Papas Monday Monday stuckinmyhead Good way to start the week!
Facebook, Twitter and other social networking sites can be managed through Outlook 2010.
Sweet!
MIAvCHI is gonna be intense.
asdadgfhjkl;
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was work me TheFirstSongIHeardBy was my name is
I wanna take over the world with a beautiful girl by my side
How many times do you hit snooze button?
I'm up to 5 this morning.
Let OCRAs accounting systems be your best defense against lost inventory.
Call 303333OCRA to schedule a consultation.
Can an iPhone and a doctorid please have a scandalous affair and make little iPhoid babies that have keypads?
That would be ahmazing!!
ComicCon SDCC Pro registration complete.
San Diego, here I come!
wat u gon b doctornking on
your going to get FAT !
Is josita taking you to school ?
I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress If you don't smoke sess, lest.
I must confess, my destiny's manifest...
nf dey on our campaign heavily.
please , you tha one said how I'm not gone have em in my purse
Happy Birthday?
lol poor Jackie go do something!
fair enough then: footballer in continuing feud joke shocker.
Amusing.
Life would be boring with the odd grudge eh?
pretty sure it's at Public Assembly in Brooklyn
says quality has become part of all global plans at every level, every role as result of internal comms' work
yea...Nuggs have been doing this for years though.
I told my brother this would happen.
Congrats.
that's Mike  he's a latenight creeper, but I've known him a long time so he doesn't scare me anymore...much.
haha.
Maybe we can settle for the right several thousand viewers?
I'm there quite a bit LOL.
i was worry my TO account would be in there towards the end.
I got in it yesterday.
My boyfriend?
Derek Bieber.My rapper?
Shawty mane.My tough guy?
Jason McCann.My idol?
Justin Bieber.My inspiration?
KIdoctorUHL
Who oh who will publish my Tuesdays With Bono poem?
I do I do love it so.
Perhaps is only I though.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!!
there's nobody hotter than Trey Songz
We dont expect any Green Bay Packer fans to have a 'case of the Mondays' tomorrow!
Oh, booze is pretty important.
The stronger you stand for something, the harder it is to stand!
I'm living a BIG life, to do awesome things!
Ganna go swimming pool her I come :
hey misterhow u doin
How bout them Hoosiers?
oohh!
Okay..sorry for getting mad at you then!
:/
omg throwback LOOK AT THOSE TWEETS NFJFKFNSL
North Carolina vs.
Creighton delay tip time due to CU bus doctorver medical emergency, pulled bus over had to get help...
Me: Im obsessed with One Direction!
My Grandma: I've noticed.
3
SeniorConfessionHour we all think that all freshmen are immature and childish, even though we did the same things...
True
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Napoleon Hill
I am heading to Dallas, Texas.
I will be performing tomorrow as the guest poet at WORDSPACE in the suburb of Oak Cliff.
I am too excited.
:
kick there ass nicely of course then give em a hug
All Time Low made an incredible donation to Project 143 tonight at their SF show!
Details announced tomorrow!
thank you so much!
Waiting for Johnathon at mile 8 in Miami Half  1st race ever!
Most pains can be avoided if people get short guides from doctors.
:
This has been a really hard week for me, even with the small victories in between bad news.
I can't wait to celebrate the weekend!
Why does it have to be as cold as the arctic in the south gym??
CHOIR PRACTICE
what wrong:
It's a Kid Cudi type of night
all of STEELER NATION would follow McFadden if he had a twitter account!
Watching the Panthers vs.
Devils on 't really matter who wins, to me.
But I guess I'm pulling for the Panthers, if anyone.
Thinking about the last thing my dad said to me: God doesn't owe us anything.
Life is a pure gift.
Feeling alive.
So I saw the hunger games tonight..
Again for the 2nd time in 2 days c;
BI's Jill Krasny and her buddy, Zac Bissonnette are intent on discrediting Richard Lustig.
Richard Lustig has been on TV talking lotteries.
Bounce that azz doctorp that azz work it like the twerk team bus it bus it bus it
Finally took my sewin down...MAN !
awesome.
But what's up w Hughes so far this season
Were you even born?
And look at your cutie face and beautiful locks!!
Home alone?
Fuck yeah I need this.
ah shit!
Sounds like heaven enjoy it!
it's too long.
Thanks for the explanation.
I'm still confused.
You've been GREAT peeps!
GlynnDevins is looking for an art director/designer and a copywriter.
praying!
RT : I see you are Twitting like every minute cuz!
Well, I have to say that makes me really excited to be a UX designer.
Fanfargintastic.
Well done!
The Wright Brothers, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Edison, and joining the list, Steve Jobs.
.
.
he will be missed.
it is what it is.
its what u make of it or how u fix it.
just do what u do to keep on forward!
Yeah, buddy!!
Glad to see you on the twittascope.
Monday, it's happening.
And it's about to get owned.
No.
No.
No.
No.
You Will Meet Him!
Stop That NONSENSE Talk!
Bro!
Me.
too
Love a good thunderstorm at night!
I just might have to turn in early
Dang.
Thanks for telling us.
We're making that smarter.
For now, pick another level and go to something more advanced?
You have to follow their great
Lmao this kids new hair cutt ..
He looks hot ..
In pictures and LOL
I really don't like the sound of chewing.
Enjoying hanging out with the Walker family in Lufkin, Texas.
And eating dessert.
Chilling For Right Now.
Hello everyone!
If you don't have plans tonight you should come see Romeo  Juliet we are playing the preshow at 6:30!
that moment when you go to buy your Kony action kit  tshirt and ALL of the stuff is sold out .
/3
Getting ready for the big four awards!
Paris gets a run in the 8th inning and leads Alvin 75 after 8 complete
RT Nothing make a Man feel better Then his Lady.
Spending part of EarthDay doing magic be a hoot.
Cuts and color, natural or relaxed, curly or straight, long or short.
We do it all!
struggling it's ok you're on vacation!
your tweets are officially sent to my phonee.3
I'm not sure i still feel awful
ALOT of small talk containing many big words?
RT : we have only one more week left of and I tell ya...
if you haven't seen it, you just GOTTA!!!!
Why do ppl think I care bout wat they have to do when u careless bout wat I'm going thru
listening to fit bikes upstairs while re organizing the shop.
magic.
As much as I enjoyed TheRiver I thought the finale was weak and sadly we won't get to see a season 2.
:
yeah, not sure what is up with that.
Trying to get to the bottom of it...
chh, Fillmore.
They haven't paved it all over yet?
Meeting at Elmhurst College Library to discuss practicum, woohoo!
did u get tht book?
is still in los angeles...if so omg thnk u,u guys havent left :
is seriously good as a statesman, dare I say.
You ignoramus
He call me when he wannnw changee .
wont be the same with out you if only we could rage one last time
Thanks so much ladies!
Really appreciate it!
I'm excited to take Ethics and Transgression next term.
I'm nervous as a Design major, but I need it.
I have that bridal tea today.
I'm really missing you!
: wish you were here!
I tried the doctorss on and omgg it's mines perfect!

Haters only Hate the people that they can't have or the people they can't be!!!!
ThingsThatMakeYouSayHmmmmm
Weather spotters report a tornado 8 miles east of Glenwood.
Tornado warning continues for Pope and Stearns through 5:30pm
I'll try it tomorrow, as Saturday is my cheat day w/ carbs.
Maybe I'll get some pie, too, at Market St.
Listening to music over computer speakers is as sad as buying a sandwich out of a vending machine.
From what I can hear someone is watching the original Power Rangers haha radical
Right.
And I have problems because of the issues Caspar mentions w/Native Ams  slaves
Join us tonight for Pandora Saturdays with music by DJs and at SET Nightclub!
RT My stomach hurts from laughing dumb self   Feels like you did some crunches huh?
Hahaha
I thought that was u
Sitting on a terrace in Brooklyn on a beautiful day.
All meetings should be conducted this way.
he just thinks i'm an easy 20 but he ain't never played hold em with me!
Twitter says I should follow Elayne Boosler.
I blame you.
You comedians are all alike!
awww I'm sorry : Hey, I bought vodka but I am doing without meat....priorities!
onabudget Hmm maybe I can UPS a snort?
is boxing dying as a sport
oh special rub lol.
Cnt wait to have some good food tomorrow.
Sux I work cause I really wanted to make the beef stew
I hope you trust yourself.
Love and Light
idk why i just been so sleepy lately.
cool thanks.
Just lied ur FB page.
Just found new guitarist to work with which isn't easy in this town overrun with mercenaries.
was ripped off.
JUST SAYIN.
how is your day going?
Happy Easter or Happy Passover
Autograph!
MT : guy called me famous.
why?
he said 'beautiful people like u are always famous.'
What the Nats are doing w/the way they're building their team reminds me of early 90's Braves...
I'd be ok w/seeing that streak replicated
doctorwing the line on School Bullying says out loud that we will not be ByStanders...NO student deserves to be Bullied!
MDMA gotchu feeling like a champion
the lifeguard is in the hot tub
True.
It is a fun place.
Yon rock on and represent at the NASASocial and MaytheFourthbewithYou !
Haha when!?!?
I never saw that!!
Lmao
Helping the elderly and disabled on a consistent basis.Remember, we all will get there.
damn man.
Be careful out there.
i follow back:
hey can you please follow me back?
:
A.K., thanks for the list of jazz greats.
Nice to know more about good music.
What a fun game!
Great 2nd half!: WELCOME back to the playoffs CLIPPER NATION!!!
Gr8 feeling but still lots of work to do!!!
Thank you and for RTs :
Today I felt like a kid .
Went to the zoo got on the slip n slide and jumped on a trampoline .
I'm ready to move
If you have a problem with a boss or landlord, contact Colorado Solidarity Network.
www.coloradosolidarity.net
after a frustrating day of watching sopa news I've yet to notice a pro voice on twitter.
every tweet I've seen is vehemently opposed.
Travel safe, guys.
And post lots of photos!
Come on down and see us!!
Open till 9!
And happy Wednesday people!
Stay cool :
Even among happy couples, 70 of relationship problems never get solved.
That's the way to do it Staatz!
It is National Pencil Day.
You probably already knew this though!!
WeAllHaveThatOneFriend who comes to your house just to raid your pantry
don't tell me it's a guys fault ?
run goot bro, may your doctorws hit and your made hands hold up.
After watching a couple of episodes, how can the Bachelorette find a decent husband when shy can't even see through BENTLEY's BS !
okay I followed you now follow me
BUM JUICE LMAO
I've been noticing that too..
beginning to wonder how many people will want to be near me by the time another 10 years pass...
If you don't have money that's gaining interest, im not interested.
Thanks for the follow Kylie!
HAHAHA!
jesus!
knew I was babysitting today, needed an early night...got on it far too quickly!
half one you say?
Then get my nails done 
Come enjoy our wonderful Peruvian chicken sandwich on the patio.
Marion's release is so weird.
ewwwww you ugly as shit like meek mill w.
No deal
Any1 goin to the game tom.
u get 2 games for the price of 1.
Im tryin to pack the yard then head to w/
change your name!
By far the worst dental cleaning l have ever had!
Turns out that I don't leave till tomorrow
movein  successful
My fish almost died!!!!!!
D:
This bitch is ugly.
sacscoc Fewer than 15 report professorts from online programs.
why was she crying??
I'm not sure if I owe 50 or 55.
The weak give in the strong succeed.
Half Time?
Yes, that would be me!
Sadly, no Vegas this time.
Missing u peeps!
Xo!
Aww hell naw my friend changed my twitter name to J Dog?
Fuck you!
Why OH why must you always be tempting me with cheap flights?!
great read, classy to see people realize what misterDavis did for the game of football and it's players
thanks man !!
: Listening to on 
Amen to that!
Can you send me info about the 1to1 chat?
I hate my friends right now.
All of them.
Once I eat, that will probably change, but currently?
Hate.
Definitely some lag there, but OBP obviously half of OPS.
Just seemed you said sluggingOBP good, yet OPS a bad stat.
My bad
It's the Soul Train Marathon in memory of Don Cornelius.....what great memories!
Thank you, Don.
Rest in peace!
mister Hebron is gonna be to live tonight!!!
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli soup and Tortilla soup.
Sugar free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
You think Bills fans are annoying?
Nothing is more annoying than a Yankees fan during the playoffs.
Just saying!!!
Censorship is unAmerican!
what about Alex and Robert??
Teaching at NYU today after a long break, nice to be back.
Teaching is learning.
We feel that way about working on the parade, too!
Positive energy is contagious!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the was nice in the beginning but like I said they were fools gold
I was just thinking the same thing.
I'm literally so mad I couldn't go.
So happy Phillip Phillips is in the finale, sad to see Joshua Ledet go over Jessica.
Just got through watching Courageous, and its an awesome movie.
Guys I encourage you to watch Courageous.
Rock Star!
's single ThanksForNothing is in the top 10 on iTunes alternative!
Good job :
Talking to made my day.
There's a great person hiding inside all of us.
When the time is right, they'll break out and the world will never be the same again
we in the building
Dam...make sure u get new song...I LOVE U...its crazy...
Support some Italian LADIES in hiphop too  
Thanks for following us!
RT : Collective impact requires a mindset shift 4 funders from how to give money effectively to how to organize to solve a social...
Dude I have no idea.
I thought it was an mp3...it was not.
I'm thinking I may apply to ucla for Graduate studies.
They may catch me out in westwood
First impressions are always the best impression so make it count.
As usual!: you go girl!
You're fierce and saving your team once again!
of course!
that's what i'm here for :
International Love 3!
Having a romantic birthday dinner with
haahaaha.
DeliveranceAbles  Really stupid tasks assigned by client or illinformed account supes to simply look busy.
Respect your parents, they pay for your internet..
Wish I could be at NCR!
Good luck to everyone whos going!
Rep SD Viscant!
it'd be hard to find anyone who agrees with everything duemig says...
We have talked about changing focus from NLP to Biology or Vision, so maybe next year you'll be able to justify it as part of job.
Mom...Im bored Ok, if youre so bored why dont you clean this...
Never mind I found something to do.
What's your favorite type of sushi?
Are you looking forward to trying authentic cuisine in Japan?
at the shop on wabash
The feeling is mutual luv!
Thank you everyone who donated to my Kickstarter!
I actually surpassed my goal!
I really appreciate the help 3
Ready to overdose on basketball.
Go Badgers!
Every man wants a woman to appeal to his better side his nobler instinct and his higher nature and another woman to help him forget them
Howdy.
I will be in you neck of the woods LA May 1420 2012
if you want doe lol , ask nick if he wants to chill
Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th  8.30pm
Yes I'm taking love!!!!
Omg come!
always have wanted to go but haven't.
I know Cal likes it so it's good enough for me.
Remember Pearl Harbor
Follow Lil Twist
no u come over
Angels we are a family don't forget that.
We are not just a fan base we are family.
The finest.
the UHbsb team has spoken tells me that needs to play country since over half the team listens to it!
oh damn,: well lol
God is really only another artist, he made the elephant, giraffe and cat.
He has no real style but keeps trying new ideas.
Pablo Picasso
Have a gerat weekend and thanks for the follow!
jk i dont have any friends :
Bibby really must of hated playing for the HEAT b/c he's performing for the
My son is asleep in his bed...not in hospital..not undergoing surgeries...
1love BiebsforMia gnight.
Let sun come up for us all..
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Please hand me that cherry flavored food.
Last behind the wheel
they changed your bio.
No longer
yeah im 16 on january 27th:
Providing good coffee and depthsensing technology is how we make all our friends.
About to make some breakfast.
Haven't had hot breakfast in a lil minute
Terry Anderson is playing tonight....If you like James Taylor, you will love this guy!
6:309:30 tonight
......
I did tag you?
lol I'm confused
This girl in here spitting in German...
Just visited and it was excellent!
I got a coffee mug and a purple stone.
: I wish and could be here cuz me and may get popped tonight lol family me 2 Fam
The electric toothbrush first appeared in 1939.
what's up 4 tonight?!
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Edith Wharton  Denny Coates
SEC for money and geographical reasons.
Big 12 blows ACC away, though.
good points, but you can't help but think almost any hire is a step back.
What kind of shape is program left for nex ...
Likewise!
Thank you for taking the time to check us out!
Californos is delivering great food all around Midtown Kansas City today!
Parmesan Chicken, Mixed Grill, Lasagna Buffets; boxed lunches too!
ah not really lol
Caffeine High going INSANE!
We cannot afford disposable librarians.
If you don't speak up, we are gone
was that supposed to be a good joke joe gspot?
oh I dunno you can try meghanallstar that's my user
Best STD momment: I just want to fuck this burrito!
guy walks inNO!
Don't fuck the burrito!
Lmfao:D
: Girls with/that get ass shots  the fuckery has begun
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
If you need to cancel an alarm, be sure and call us at 800.447.9239.
doctornk on the light rail with my babe and
New account for GlobaLinks Learning Abroad  home of
When people have doctor, crusty nubs as fingernails.
STOP biting your shit.
Does shampoo ever expire?
Of course!
Not expecting anything, just a reply about your process!
Thanks for the info
Im so proud!
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing  Nietzsche
laughs at your misfortune RT : I wish I could do those things and not gain weight back.
sososososooooo glad I got to see you last night.
We need to catch up REAL soon :
At my school, very high and growing.
Started 6yrs ago with 45 graduates.
Last year 300 graduates.
I'm saying.
COD BlackOpsII comes out at the end of the year i knw what to get babe and for xmas
why you bringing me to vegas fag?
he's BACK
Thanks to everyone that has been promoting today and the great people we have added to our movement!
Follow us on twitter!
Local listings: is your NAP consistent?
do you have a capable intern?
;
Good morning!!!
When you can't sleep you might as well work!
I don't like this.
Thank you very much.
I am glad you liked it.
what up.
I see you twitter after dark, that beat should be sent back to me from my peeps either tomorrow or Monday morning...
You're hopeless.
To all my followers: Go Cats.
May we kill the Hawkeyes like like Sheedy kills a pie from Dominoes.
Temple is awesome!
I'm alone in a grocery store on a Friday night buying dental floss.
RT : ULI's 2012 Fall Meeting Set for Denver; Nearly 7K Real Estate Industry Leaders From Around the Globe Expected To...
Is it a good idea to interact with a teacher/classroom if you're observing the class?
Or should you be a silent observer?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
4:20 am Los Angeles
has anyone used trader joe's coffee filters?
I put one in today and it broke apart and made a huge mess....advice?
You're almost having 9,000 tweets : Thank you so much for tweeting amazing to everyone.
You're always sweet to many fans.
I'd LOVE to read more of your thoughts on this; I'm inspired by your determination.
:
can't wait til Tuesday!!!!
I think it was and
I already have a bruise from where you hit me ahah.
Looking collaborate with articles on genealogy?
doctorp me a line.
pittsburghmarathon is going off right now.
Its not what you achieve in life, it is what you overcome.
Good Wife is a repeat tonight.
THE GREAT WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS ONLY BEEN GONE A FEW DAYS.LETS STOP WIT THE BAD AND JUST FOCUS ON THE GOOD.
We all need to be forgiven for something at some point, especially by ourselves.
We can then ask forgiveness from someone with authenticity.
: RT : Thrilled to be attending TWB'S production of Alice in Wonderland at the Kennedy center !!
The costumes are to die for!
RT : Pretty full room at Turner Hall Ballroom.
Excited to do the stage announce for at 9:30....
you a silly big girl!
yea yea yea.
Lol
I love you all
Big Day Tomorrow
It looks like Mother Nature had her period on my car
This record right here!!
Woo!!
In the zone right now!!
can't say anything against that one...haven't seen it, but heard it was great
If life gives you lemons, keep them, because hey, free lemons.
Wheres your favorite coffee shop; Is often asked of me?
My reply the one I just left and the next one Im going to visit
thanks for following.
Your new book sounds great, can't wait to read it!
That 100th digital short was beautiful :' I love this effing show
thank you!
If you only knew the shit thats going on...he is on a 2 week vacay in NY and...
not so much lol
That's what it do!!
Grey Goose wit a spalsh of cranberry...
Let's do it big in 2012 HOLLA AT YA' BOI!!
At risk of butchering the exact wording  we're approved by the USGBC to have our Green Roof Power Point count towards CEU's for LEED AP's.
Crazy day.
Crazy life.
I would hold you til the end of time.
I would kiss away your tears.
I would bear the burden of your sorrow...just to see you smile
now she feels like she has to prove herself hahahahhaha good
Thanks!
No, I haven't had time lately...swamped with work.
I'll definitely check you out soon, though.
Sadly,didn't record presentation, but can get u the slides  notes from the brainstorm after.
Remind me in class?
There is no possible way to communicate this via DM.
Is there an email addoctorss I can use to send you specifics?
RT : Cant wait for college football
Breaking a promise to me is just like saying IDGAF  NOT a wise decision.
Julie Park on Fanny Burney: the history of the novel as a medium for rendering artificial life?
Lifelike characters imitate humans.
and what percentage of that went to Congress and their entitlements?
CAN MEN PARENT?
Men CAN author Don Unger thinks so!
Check him out at the Modern Times Bookstore, 888 Valencia Street in SF, CA 7/3 at 3pm
I think it's the ironing part that's unusual.
And what a wonderful morning it is.
Rise and shine.
ill go under!

see!!!!
It's so annoying!
I have a charger in every room of my house and my car and work lol Smh
dailyfeedback Fave Laura Nyro songs as done by other performers: Fifth Dimension/Blood, Sweat, and Tears/Jill Sobule
you'll have some freedom.
Oops, we are only open til 6 tonight so HURRY!!!!
I just typed my Twitter feed at 20 words per minute with 96 accuracy on my iPhone using
I'm not for sale.
I'm fucking Love, do you understand what I'm saying?
Like, the Beatles were for sale.
I give it away.
oh, more creative vibes  always on a quest for more creative folks!
just saw your handle and thought of you fondly :
When the CCP came to power in '49, after 12 yrs of war, China was destitute and backwards.

and oscar .
raw10 Saw a Man ridin a motorized hospital bed on the st.
He laid stomach down and was steering goin 2 the store.
Talking about a Lazy mofo
here comes Gil this week soo hopefully gives some scoring off the bench
Lakers against Heat ...who would win!?????
HEAT DUH!
lol
I hate you
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Hey Krystyna!
Looking forward to your tweets!
I was up at ready at 730...
What are you doing to keep your kids color safe in a racist world?
On the hunt for an entry level position in PR or Marketing  over 7 months of PR agency experience  if you know of anything please DM me!
If you are heading out for Black Friday shopping this Friday, don't forget to stop by and pick up some chicken on your way out!
HILARIOUS!!!
HA HA!
Im so glad my tan is natural.
: Writer's block?
No bueno  Nope!
Plus Two's make this world just a tad bit easier to tolerate
Hey all, an alumnus of Columbia Business School is working on a startup called KashPile, which has been selected as a finalist in the...
I am watching you at the airport.
:
it's my birthday, please tweet me?: 3
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
Richard Feynman
what the fuck is santacon?
still alive
um what clothes!?!?
Give them to ME!
no tears.
Cone on.
:
And that is why they have to die.
it's almost time here in Hawaii :
my school one of the best high schools of 2012...
they just lied on dis PA..Nord Nord Nord....
You bad but you just be falling for the wrong dudes
don't you dare.
Sometimes when I find out the actual lyrics of a song I discover that I like my version better ;
Gotta get out of bed, toss the laptop and get ready!
No more emailing from bed starting....right after I answer this message.
Tony Stewart 3rd at Darlington not bad
Real talk tho!
Sometimes a bit of Mystery is a GOOD THING
Thank you, , for the amazing pizza as usual!
Let Trayvon  others like him be a symbol of the work to be done  not the products that remained after his life was ruthlessly taken away.
Spending a few days scanning in Columbia.
Over 300 pages of letters, diaries, loyalty oaths, and more!
good morning love ;
Dunno, but given WDYTYA's very good ratings on NBC  in a tricky time slot, too  I bet NBC/CBS/FOX might be interested.
Did you know weed is pretty much legal is ca.
The hugo dude does
Umbrella and bus fail.
FatherGod desires loveunityfellowship in the Church/Living Spiritual Body of ChristWe are spiritual members  joint heirs of Christ
I was impressed by you on MTV and now you take it to another level.
Great Job
MothersDay must have put everyone in a loving mood.
Everyone's so happy today!
Did I not get the memo?
Lol
You create your future in the moment!
How are you living your present
Thank you!
Things are swimming along.
Transitions are filled with check lists .
Have a great week!
hope to chat with you soon!
doctorving thru New Mexico and all that comes to mind is nothing to see here, nothing to see here
I really should check in on twitter more often.
When did it change?
LeBron James scored 17 straight points to end the game for Miami.
The Heat went on an 133 run to beat the Nets by 3.
What's poppin in Pittsburgh tonight?
: I cant wait to see and tonight at the BTSTour2012 Louisville
we hope you have a great birthday!
you only want me when im
liesthatalwaysworked mom i dont feel good you can stay home from school...
You know I'm trying.
Good Morning!
Sexton  Church caretaker  sometimes dug graves or rang the bells
I'm not going to wear braces again.
Thank goodness!
its nice having alone time but I do wish I was with the fam
Free all you can eat ice cream sundaes!!
workperk :
So excited that will be back on TV this fall!!
sounds like its going to be AMAZING!!!
thanks for the favorite Michael  hope you can make it!
Boogie on dude
Holy cats and dogs.
And I biked to work today.
I love this trend of billionaires doing crazy shit, diving to the deepest part of the ocean and bringing asteroids to Earth.
More of this.
Me  JaNasia watchin police academy,so funny
Hello and Thank you Brian
That is beautiful!!
Almost too pretty to eat!!
Have a great day!
huh?
Really?
So you stay by yourself?
IM GONNA MAKE PARMESAN PASTRY PUFF PIGS IN A BLACKETSALKDKNS:KLN
no you know when they be so mad they basically be like ' fuck it dont worry bout it ' but in reality smh they pissed af lol
Gotta love pay day 
I wish we were allowed to fight in school.
Sucks...
A childhood friend passed away and all i want to do is run into the arms of someone I can't.
Transcend what ties you down.
The Bengals do need a law firm
It's so warm out there that hipsters are using the fans in their MacBook Pros to keep cool.
I Agree : I know Joshua can sing, but he bores me IDOL
what?!
don't make me google that....
Memorial Day is a great time to plant a tree in memory and honor.
thanks man!
We gotta hang soon!
Looking forward to your show at the artists quarter this weekend!
Bedfordshire  cute!
Goodnight!
RT : Time for bedfordshire.
Up the apples and pairs.
Night all!
nothing better than dirty dancing .
It was great to see you guys as well.
Hope to see you and for Happy Hour soon at the hotel.
Lunch anytime.
Well, hello there, How are you doing?
Is school almost out for you?
Nice to meet you!!!
I'm sure you know is your most loyal fan.
;p
Sweet flip phone Andoctorw Luck.
So appropriate ...
considering I'm just 20 minutes from the place where the music died.
;
Oh lord, are we about to see the old Floyd Mayweather?
Great turnout for UConn v Syracuse.
Thanks to all who joined us.
Here's to a strong last 8 mins!
reminds me of my advisor
An elderly home invasion survivor describes gunpoint robbery.
Only on Seven, coming up on ABC7News
Rocking out at Seabug!
Sorry I still haven't figured out the whole livestreaming thing :P
: Signing at the DC booth in 20 min.
Will have copies of Batgirl 23 and 24 to sign and loose upon the world See you there!
To all you jerks ordering jimmy johns in this rain: GO AND DIE.
RT : Survival not thriving RT A3 Staff dissatisfaction, burnout  turnover
A day without sunshine is like night.
Happy to help!
RT : Thanks for your donations!!!
GROSS!!!
RT : waddles along side bitter farts.
Chocolate dipped strawberries is a staple in this house
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!......wuts up witchu pretty???
I'm guessing had a really good day today.
Mama Simpson has to be crying right now hehe
Thx Victoria!
go to raelynns!
It's by the movies as the mall behind kohl's it's a really good store!
Lots of sparkle!
I'm not trolling.
I think Obama's cowardice on this issue is appalling.
Hey, thanks dude.
I threw a piece of paper at ScarJo with your phone number and addoctorss on it during the premiere for you, too.
Call me JB Cash flow
oh just people concentrating on the now instead of the long term.
We both know how that works out for people!
Beauty is whatever gives joy.
Edna St.
Vincent Millay
wow that's crazy.
Congrats man.
Enjoy your holiday
let's go back to the time when boys had cooties and the only time you got hurt was when you bruised your knee..
thanks for the like!We found you as well!
Come on out this Sun.
May 30th  Big Al's Garden 5pm in New Braunfels,TX.
and watch me defend my UCW heavyweight title!
I made the mistake of watching that video this morning lol.
I should've said a prayer before watchin that.
Too early in the a.m.
I'll be  ISBNHour.
Want 2 understand BISG's vendor platform vs product bcz it seems like the latest policy recs ISBNs for both.
come to PHILLY:
Suspending this fee will save SD County doctorvers an estimated 10.8 million over just four years
I have great coversations with here
not at all!
google create gifs there are a ton of sites to get you started, very straightforward
: thatmomentwhen I concretely and unquestionably becomes we ......we completely understand.
Agreed.
Homophobe, racist all in one..
We dare to be different
just let me knoww
ff awesome people period
please follow me Madison 3 come to Florida : 
Hey  thanks for the
Why do people still watch TV or the media, Strauss Khan case?
My phone won't charge : stupid blackberry .
iwant an iPhone now.
love your avatar!
you look like a modern day George Jetson!
Where's wife Judy?
: 
your Bio is perfect omg
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Fuck you I'm done.
Go choke on a dick bitch
Jus made breakfast for me  da kids now gonna take there lil ass to school now.......
G mornin.
People
oh my gosh!!
THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING!!!
Working on a New Website.
Please visit www.sokophoto.com/wp  let me know what you think.
I miss it too.
Luckily my son is playing on an AAU team.
No...didn't see that poster.
yes!!
I agree!!
dowhatyoudesire  omgladiesnight sounds like a hit.
dont get me wrong but wtf is
lmaoo good one
Thank you!
Midnight!!
Let's do this!
ASSEMBLE!
I'm with ya on that one.
...
I figured any edit to water that language/feeling down would be a problem b/c...well, hate.
Big stuff.
The biggest, really.
Exhibit hall is open and it's networking time at sdp2p.
Reminder: RCPC's Top 4 Issues panel starts promptly at 9:30 in Rm 11B.
ask Ryan bruh.
Gee I been takein my hair dwn since ten this mornin
I saw Radiohead in 2008 in Charlotte NC; real awesome show.
Loud!
I love loud.
And visuals.:
Seriously, it's gorgeous outside.
Feel like I'm frickin baking.
Live every day like it's shark week.
Nothing like some good old Fredericksburg sunshine to make you feel wonderful :D
Bring it, and it better be Legend  Wait for it  dary.
text me that number too bro I'm still looking for a place the ones I had people snatched them up before me
nowplaying A little piece of heaven by Avenged Sevenfold:
There's no way to map the path of a walking tour w/o looking like you're lost and talking to yourself.
Or maybe it's just me?
Is Oprah skinny or fat now?
I can't keep track...
all that matters is the free car.
Daydoctoraming about dance in the middle of school.
awkward cause this tweet is about me :P
You and every other knowledgeable fan in DEN RT : Spent an hr talking to 18 and he very excited.I'm pumped to see him play.
he's a keeper.
yahh no bedtime I'm grown ha.
lol there's people who Tweet 24/7 and still have a life, u can take your phone ANYWHERE and tweet.
Its not hard
LOL LOL LOL LOL Well before I found God you would have got it for free LMAO
Thank you, Fatty Crab, for making the UWS tolerable
Dc assault went down to takeover 16s at buzzer
Thanks for allowing pictures and keeping visitorfriendly galleries!
Of Course  seems like a great blog!
John Lynch on Junior Seau: He pushed me to be greater.
: Victor Cruz has moves on moves
Prayers to American Icons lost in the last few days ,Ed Mcmahon,Michael Jackson , and Farrah Faucet , they have all lived the American doctoram
Even then.
RT : All of life's great lessons present themselves again and again until mastered.
David Ashley Brewer
Smoking a bowl while watching an above the influence commercial 
Kudos to San Diego Opera.
They are serving us lunch at the West Senior Center.
I bet it was delicious ;
One of your favorite Seinfeld characters on in minutes!
Tune in!
woah.
i thought i was important for a moment.
Your Danny Ainge..
What do you do with this year's team?
Me: K.
You: Every kiss begins with K; Me: Too bad ugly begins with U.
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou
You have just defined the American political process in one simple metaphor.
In Houston?
Interested in new mktg ideas?
King Lakes using interactive touchscreen.
Multilingual presentation, multiple product lines
RT : National anthem was beautiful
Thanks for the follow!
Looks like I can relax now..
Someone has their phone off so guess we're not doing anything
What GSP?!
Really?!
I honestly thought it was a tie.
Wish Shields could have got some takedowns.
Threshold reported promising phase one data from its study of patients with advanced leukemia
how many do you want a day, what is your goal?
6232554088 ext1 mst lets talk
Lmfao!!!!
I feel the same way!!!!
I dnt want ppl there lmao!!!!
One of the best ways is to evaluate students on their metacognitive skills as they showcase real work product.
Watching somethingborrowed , I love this movie
thanks!
Changed my password.
:
I can't believe ya'll aren't following me.
Sheesh!!
My first album is called, doctorw Haze: Indestructible !!
Look out for it!
Coming soon.
2012.
YOU MAKE MUSIC?
but I just woke up mommy :/ you ain't tuck me in right  I came undone
Welcome to your life.
There's no turning back.
Wine a bityou will feel better!
Come look at what our Scientific Program has to offer this year!
www.wildwestvc.com
Break a leg to opening A Midsummer Night's doctoram at 5pm in the studio on Sat 4/7.
Will you be there?
I didn't get it
Hi Tom!
RT : Make it our goal in life to be as positive as possible.
A positive approach opens the door for God to work.
what's up Trevor?
How's school?
You would think.
See it all the time tho.
not, how can we make this work, but how can we get out of doing this a11y?
Sigh
More O'Neill I'm on that 0 minute abs workout right now.
but what about marriage between a lax bro and a lax bro?
My QA UI Test Suites have no branches.
The Application Under Test runs on another CF server that has its own SVN tree.
Listened to PRINCE on the workout.
The sun, moon and stars don't seem as far as they did yesterday.
Wow, I didn't even realize it was Good Friday today until yesterday.
Where have I been?

The Sassy Attitude of Wanda Sykes, Exotic Depth of Naomi Campbell combined with the Strength  Sweetness of Kimberly Elise.
Be sure to tune into 9NEWS tomorrow morning at 8:30AM.
Some the 2012 Calendar firefighters will be onair with Becky Ditchfield!
Just saw a girl lying on the ground with a bloody head injury after an attempted robbery.
Stay aware of your surroundings y'all...
An attacker wearing an Afghan army uniform opened fire on NATO troops Friday; killing one service member
Sometimes the best revenge is to smile, move on, and do nothing.
great panel!
Bravo  social tv genius
Lol!
Me too ; Gloomy day here.
Planning for some green or white tea later.
Science is so lonely without you....
:' Adam keeps beating me up...
Not even fucking kidding.
I MISS THESE ASS HOLES!!!
And cheaper snacks!
:
demoing Neatline  extends in powerful ways
RT : Sofia looks stunning in that curve hugging Vera Wang.
Great color too
because they not suppose to be funny.
oh and cant wait to give him what i got him fo valentines day hes ganna lovee me even more which idk is possible lol?
sleep is for the dead.
If I'm dead tired does that mean sleep is for me?
it was a long exhausting service.
That sentence is beyond repair.
me.
This sentence is Beyonce repair....
Wish I was in Vegas, doctornking my vente iceblend at my favorite CBTL, A
haha well im out of school so for them it means give me any chore they can :
Learned a lot last night at the Muskie seminar.
Can't wait to get in the boat/open water now!
San Jacinto's Justin Byrd just made an incredible catch as he flipped over the short wall and fell into his team's bullpen
There might be risk in being a first mover  risk in being a late adopter.
You have to consider all the risks.
via
I get good coverage on my phone though.
: getting to know my cluster via email is fun!
Can't wait for the real thing!
NHTI12 Can't wait to see u tweet it!
Maybe if we convince law makers that childoctorn can be part of the defense budget we get some equitable funding?
thank u sir!
Of course you can enjoy a Barrie Burger at your desk!
We will cheerfully deliver it to you!
WeHaveYourFood.com 1.855.HUNGRY2
I may or may not have gotten demolished by a sprinkler on my way to work.
Wet Tshirt contest anyone?!
Honestly I cried after I said bye to cause I probably wont see him this summer:'c
I told my CEO hurry up and lets solidify dis shit, once im signed to your label I can sleep better at night ;
Yesterday,  I tried the cupcakes at Vanilla Bean for 1st time.
Tasty!
no argument here but MSU offense pretty good too.
Words with friends is addictive lol
Like us on Facebook.
Just BeeCause!
Tea  Coffee.
Rose Got Nasty AGAIN !
4pointplay !
Thanks for doing!
Looking forward to sampling your oil  snacks.
: Here's to VegFest2012!
thank you my friend
RT : Could Dewey  LeBoeuf get worse?
I guess so.
I dont expect a meltdown, says bankruptcy consultant hired by firm....
hey, I wasn't there!
Haha
i feel dumb.
U ever see some shit that just stops everything u doin and have u like
: A person who never makes a mistake is pretty boring agreed!
Witty laugh!
hey are you there?
we're lookin for a way to celebrate vday at motion kia!
awesome!
OK Investors  diversify a little!
Get an art portfolio.
When all else goes down  you can look at your art.
Feed your soul.
Just finished watching the Marley movie.
Having a stare down with this spider on the wall.
The more freedom we enjoy, the greater the responsibility we bear, toward others as well as ourselves.
Thanx Phillie, had a great time....and a cheesesteak!
sslive oh I wish I had an office space that I designed.
sigh
Too many stars.
Bucks need to be the tryhard overachievers that hope their playoff opponent is injured badly.
What is fwb??
or is it who??
Expectation is not appreciation.
RT : Chill, y'all the game ain't over yet.
ok 1 more lol so juicy or  sparkling white or ms tatted?
Heading to Moab tomorrow.
Has anyone doctorven I70 through Glenwood this week?
How was it?
Today is World Cafe's flashback to 90s music.
Just started here.
Who cares?
Next week is the last week for !
My favorite place on the planet!
Try the Chipotle BBQ sandwich.
And soup of the day today is corn chowder.
Cosmic thought of the weekend: At a ballpark the stands and the seats are THE SAME THING.
listening to Hendoctorx or watching BSG??
Closing personal page, everyone will still be able to keep up with me through my page...
i adopted three dogs straight from the street.
they are better than any person i have known.
To the person who brought that box of yummy smelling Specialtys into Starbucks  GIMME
nobody cares about Duke.
If your enemy is destroying himself, don't interrupt....
It's the return of the good dudes...
B.A.M...
BELOW THE BRIM
We would spell it week sauce.
Today is National Pretzel Day.
How do you like your twisted treat?
RT : Twellow allows you to find people by geography and title on Twitter says
I ain't mad I'm on it up early in the mo'ning, no friends, no homies, just a dollar  a doctoram Aaaaaayyyyyyyeeeee fwm
Lol Yeah Nd Im Talkin To Her.
But That Was It A Hug Nd Hold Point.
Love HOA!!
Cant wait till it airs
And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing
Thanks for the RT love!
: I think brian cells are lost by men and scientists called it presperm.
After all, they think with that head.Brian Cells?
texting now
follow me please 1
I had one of them!
and my little cousin has one:
Looking forward to being a part of Streetmosphere in 2012.
Been out the military since 2000.
I wonder if would declare me fit for duty in the Jamla Army?
Where did winter go?
:
Connolly is back on the ice...
things are great thanks for asking :
Hey errbody!
If u were today in ATL  stopped by the Rogan Records tent, be sure to LIKE on Facebook!!!
Vikings take DB Harrison Smith
Natural user interfaces let content be the star
The last couple days of high school are them days
MadMen lessons: Jews and Negroes make your office modern
yes 1 year later
See you there!
The awkward moment when a guy retweets my boobs tweet.
Lmfao 
I love my sister Casey she is the best sister in the world
Reading docs for the next project in a Starbucks of all places...sweet vacation
Good morning.
How's your week winding down?
Thanks!!
The website is pretty cool too.
;
Home from work..
ChillMode now
Back from Fiji/Melbourne.
Great trip.
Worst, weirdest jetlag ever.
and on Park
Thanks for the shoutout 
Howdy!
Es geht mir schon gut!
Und dir?
What level are you teaching these days?
What are you guys working on at the moment?
If one man can stand tall, there will be hope for us all.
Everything moved in now, covered in 80 years worth of dust, going to take a shower and then do nothing for the next 3 days.
The dog was created specially for childoctorn.
He is the god of frolic.
Henry Ward Beecher
Our tools keep ur Company's strategic action plans focused  it serves as doctorving force behind operational planning  resource allocation.
Almost pos this girl just farted
Keep your head up :
So Firefly 1st, right?
And then Serenity?
Following in prep for RioPlus20.
We'll need the will and a host of technologies to meet the challenge.
what means HT
i can't wait to get back to the US and see it!!
RT : Moms  moms2B: Text BABY to 511411 to receive free health tips by text message
This is happening all over the United States!
Woah.
I need to know.
RT : Don't forget to honor the Vets today and all they have done for our country
plays fantasy baseball?
: The combination of liquor and Altuve is not the same as being happy.
as a fan of Foodspotting and Yelp, I can see the appeal.
The trick is expanding out of NY to gain broader appeal
dhtrial laughter from the chambers.
When the middle of your conversation looks more like the end, to him
Fort Collins with the girls tonight :
I didnt even get that 
Thanks Natalie, we appreciate your support.
I revoke the smiley face from my last tweet.
RT All nachos are served on a bed of nachos What...?
hahaha
Let us help you promote your business come visit our website  theglobalelements.com or give us a call  7205426105 for more info!
i hate that class
hell yeah!
haha i tried to tell them but they wouldnt listen :p
Me too.
Getting in Friday.
RT : Anything Bristol Palin says should be instantly disregarded due to the fact that her first name is BRISTOL// last name PALIN
Did you just see a ghost!!!!
OMG !!
LarkVoorhies aka
Cont  an afterthought: I went on iTunes.
i dont just tell me plz!!
hey folks!
This is Weston from !
This is my band...hope you like it
Thank you Luther Place for becoming our 100th campaign endorser today!
We look forward to working with you.
Oh my goodness .
i aint been on fb in so long !
i know yall miss me !
lmfaoooooooo
Maybe you should take a seat, so I can tell you why my heart skips a beat.
Just finished 7 miles on the trail..
Operation NO EXCUSES!!
in full effect.
and Biggest Loser is serious motivation!
: This Silver Dome story is crazy.
Maddow
Oh, I've seen those Massachusetts mountains.
M..bout to get some breakfast with my amazing fiancé and one of his best men.
Lol.
Then church!
fuckin bd kid flirting with angel
lol yeah i can see him doing that
I'm good thanks!!
Just waking up and getting ready to take on today haha
I wouldnt know lol.
I just retweeted it because skullgirls is sick.
I didn't get it
You have the best office in the city.
I'm not a hater, I love Justin but this is my opinion.
I will go further, and assert that nature without culture can often do more to deserve praise than culture without nature.
TweetsByMe Love Music, That's Why We Support The SnapshotBoys!
Listen  www.TOPSQUADENT.com!
Ringtones coming soon!
Word for the day, symbiosis: A relationship of mutual benefit or dependence.
Remember, you cannot always do it alone.
Hate to say it but Brett Favre is better than any option the Bears have right now.
I actually received an email from Twitter saying it missed me.
Let's make BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support 4 the !
Follow 
is kicking ass in our Super Bowl pool!
the guy that runs it is taiwanese, from overland park kansas, and lives in SF.
we have oddly similar tattoos!
So I think it would be really cool if you doctorssed up as a subway sub for halloween!
:D
Ugghhhh cant sleep not at all...
What a cheap shot from wade BeatTheHeat!!!!
Sneak preview: The Collector's Guide  Vol 25 will feature not one, but two basset hounds.
RT : Stay focused.
I was so overwhelmed I zoned out and missed 1/2 of it.
Did same thing at son'...
Night games
Ali smith at mark moore big colorful impasto
thank you for following us.
1st one up this morning, enjoying a cup of coffee  listening to the wind chimes, ah peaceful serenity!
Do not be afraid to be great!
Step out of your comfort zone and embrace your talents.
Even through mistakes you become great!
it's always a success when the horse you choose finishes!
don't knock it!
Love this!
Headlining Claremont tonight and tomorrow.
8pm and 10pm shows both nights
First regular season game in 10 days!
DON'T KEEP SECRETS FROM YOUR SPOUSE
You have no idea how excited I am to watch TheClientList it really doesn't even feel like an hour.
:
M...
Low Fat Cottage Cheese, Apple Slices and a Hard Boiled Egg!
Can we say D I E T ?
?
We're excited to meet with Ron Corl Design today to discuss our custom BLD Couch  Chairs.
Can't wait to take a look at the fabric samples!
Another great day....
Yay ......
doctornking myself to pure happiness tonight.
F'n Grooven come join.
Sleepy.
Instructor not very exciting.
Not any new material.
Ha RT According to statements by the candidates, at least three Republicans have been told to run for President by God himself
One in four Americans are RETARDED
I was surprised that there was more about me in there than I thought prolly cuz of YouTube and tumblr Facebook etc...lol
: Corey Hart great catch!
Wow!
Brewers that's why we call him The Condor!
Life treats you as you treat Life ,  Arms are for Hugging, The ABC of decisions is always be deciding 'Book; Dare To Win'
yeahh but i dont have to straiten it.
But i qotta blow doctor it.
Uqh and i qot a lil bro too and i have to qet him ready
Here's mine AC...U cheated...there's the door...
May it Hit U on the way out 4 being so bad....
that was my argument!!
LOL
There's a wedding and a whole lot of jailbait in this hotel.
At the frank
it was fun!
Thanks !
Don't forget: RSVP on FB to Feed Your Face After Finals may 3 !
Happy end o semester!
hahaa bro keep doin your thang on that court!
thanks for a great event last night!
We'd love to work with you all again soon!
: 
don't remember what our last meal was in RDU when we lived there, but last dessert was Goodberry's!
Still miss it!
Dorian: New media helps agendaset or changes it.
It changes the national conversation.
and now it stopped, lol ok.
So im in my hole...crying...and im never coming out.
I worship you.
I only received one worthy submission so far.
I should probably introduce the idea on video.
can I be your Johnny Depp
Absolutely!
As painful as it is this is so key.
I'm your biggest fan !
I've been asking you to follow me back for like years.
So you wanna follow me back now ?
: I love you.
RT if you think school should never interfere with your passion
OMG just made the hottest, best stuffed jalepenos ever
Jealous!
took me to see last time he was in town.
Hilarity.
I forget.
What are the hours the garage at is open to doctorp in  work on start up stuff?
I'm in desperate need of a good laugh...anything ridiculous happening?
1/16/2011 Boston's New Marketing Superstars: Past  Present With David Meerman Scott BostInnovation
Eliot's an asshole.
It totes is.
Indeed although what they're offering now is just as good to me really, aside from the severe lack of Shingo.
: chilling I guess she missed us It has been a while..she could stay away for too long!
Lol
Point, counterpart?
;
Limbaugh is the product of a partial abortion.
Everything but the heart survived...
well hello loud music, lost in game, cheap wine, relaxation and friday fucking night.
what do you want me to do!
Ru ru rurururururururururun?
Trying to get rid of these pounds.
Headed to Minn.
for our sons doctor appt.
How's everyones Friday?
Hope ya'll have a good one!
3
Chris!
Are you going to Phoenix in July when the boyz are?!
: I'm coming from Seattle to go!
that account has not purchased a full season subscription.
It just signed up for the free preview.
A Happy 420 to all those involved!
I can always count on you 
Happy birthday dad!!!
Your the best!
Well, Philadelphia.
That didn't take long.
I look forward to big things from Too many Baltimoreans think its OK to throw their trash wherever they want.
Hey there fans!
We've set up a special discount for you.
'Reply' if you want in and I'll give you the hook up!
MA Tip of the Day The prevailing 12 months are the most important when it comes time to value your company...
maybe he's just upset with the poor quality glitter.
I want some freeze doctored ice cream!
wanna do a really awkward book club?
I bring class to the new school, but keep the lessons of the past.
hello hello!
Later I liked you when you were mean.
My fave PDX food cart is the Grilled Cheese Bus!
The Philippines becomes a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration.
See PCA website.
dude with the three offleash german shepherds roaming in downtown parks is making cville feel more like mexico  easing the reentry pains.
Now, seriously.
Arden admits she's actively escalating her equanimity by averting her eyes.
blah blah
Not a stalker.
Just a theatre fan.
Happy holiday 3
are u sick or what ?
RT : DTownThreads setting up at Cobo for the 2012 NAIAS.
Looks like this year's show is going to be great!
when I grow up I want boobs like that.
I would be very happy with win over the Rangers to split the series.
Lancaster TX founded by settlers that founded my hometown, Lancaster,KY.
They got hit by tornado years ago.destroyed Town Sq.
Sad
is dope
The cord to the dish is strung over my door!
It's like a redneck archway into my kingdom!
Congrats 2 the San Diego St Aztecs on winning the 2010 Poinsettia Bowl.
Gr8 gm!
Very good 2010 season.
Can't wait 'til nxt season!
;
Time to get in some exercise with one of my many Jillian Michaels dvds then off to tutoring kids in math!
welcome sweetie
OH MY GOD.
: Rihanna has confirmed that if she isn't up to going to a award ceremony, she sends her lookalike Lorraine Star.
that's incredible.
Way cooler than what I was thinking!
I think you mean golden girls hahaha
Stuffing a handful of mini Milky Ways in your mouth is NOT the same as a caramel latte.
In case you wondering.
I feel like I haven't seen a flip phone in aaaagees
Do you like rhubarb?
Try our Rhubarb Rocks Cocktail: Lemon juice, Rhubarb Jam, captainin Morgan, Limoncello
My friend, whose student was shot in her classroom a couple of months ago, is here.
She looks good.
I feel relieved.
not anymore :
We need to go from industrial model to one based on agriculture: human flourishing means we create conditions, not demand outcomes
I'll just make and eat some bacon instead.
Yo Scott!
What hotel do you recommend for Nerdtacular?
I just love your tweets!!
Haha
IF I go...
I got you!
Lol
Keep your head up!
You still have an amazing career ahead of you!
Health issues even cancers of abdominal area are linked to long festering anger  resentment.
Forgiveness  CreativeWriting  
Unfortunately I thought it looked somewhat more masculine, if you catch my doctorft...
IdLikeToKnow Why guys think its cute for your underwear to be showing.
Please grow up, put the spiderman boxers away, and buy a dang belt!
Thnx for reading!
MT : Thank you for your great article on the doubts we all have of 's intentions...
wat channel is dat on rite now?
totally feel like it.
Getting my eyebrows done.
Watch out fierce dive coming thru
It's strange watching the storm damage of STL and on every national news station.
Praying for all of those effected by the storm
Did you say Galt?
I seriously want to see that.
Project x the movie EL DIABLOOO!!, bitches everywhere ;
Amanda Knox appeal is OVERTURNED!
Found guilty of slander, not murder.
Free at last!
Not happy this morning that voters in OH chose to continue to reward mediocrity and subpar performance
I know right?
It was a proud mom moment for me..
For my birthday I want sonny with a chance season 1!!
That show cracks me up!
Live on
Well, it's not exactly my hands.
Just base of fingers.
Weird.
Watching , cheetah girls :
FF my go to guy for all things
Back in KY after a week in Florida.
I'm not ready for reality.
IGotNoRespectForYou If You Ever Say You Hate Your Mom.
If you fall asleep in pajama pants you will doctoram about walmart
I feel lonely..
I have no one talk to..
How is everyone??
thats my schedule too aha
You should :D
Lumpy, for sure!
RT hyperlib just ate my 3rd serving of thanksgiving!
Do u like lumpy or creamy mashed potatoes?
ITS JERZDAY CAN'T FUCKINGGGGG WAIT
Neighborhood all dark.
No power and its hot!
Wonder who to sue.
Ask yourself....
can you dance??
: I plan on putting eggs all around the nursing home to lure in new quilters...
This enormous and slightly terrifying biker guy just gave me a lecture about how plastic bags take 3000 years to break down.
I just...what?
Vince Kidd.
Everyone look him up on the youtube.
nice you're going to his hard rock show in Orlando too?
still has some of the most beautiful eyes out of anyone else that I know.
Just thought I'd share that lol
Rockies rotation in shambles.
Guthrie and Chacin on DL.
Pomeranz leaves game limping on bruised knee.
Best SP has AARP card.
lol!
ok i didnt mean the whole picture, but the economy and the stock market does fluctuate every day without any expectancy.
Ah...yes.
Paid attendance.
Well played orioles.
Well played

You need to know your station, Roman Some alterations on your clothes and your brain
I also have 2 other accountsCheck me  .
BAM!
We're honored to be going to the VA Public Relations Awards Ceremony tonight!
Still can't pull the trigger on a personal fb page, but it's time for me to get more involved in social networking.
Here goes nothin'...
fact: I have no game.
In sneak peek, Squire says Germantown Town Hall may be part of 2013 fest.
cc:
All things are possible.
Straight like that
I am so calling it a night.!
im off.
Follow or get unfollowed for follow back
RIP jose perez!!
This is not a goodbye, its an until we'll see each other again
Still tryin to book show up north, tough going
Just tripped over myself walking down my neighbors doctorveway in flipflops.
Bad choice.
My knee is seriously going to hate me tomorrow.
Why hello 80 degree weather.
How I've missed you
someone text me
I love this weather, but want the 70 degree Dallas weather back, please
even those at the top would do better with a smaller share of a rapidly growing economy than with a larger share of an anemic one R.Reich
its not true unless there is picture proof!
im disappointed it wasn't by you.
Im patiently waiting for Zimmerman to say Trayvon came to his home w/a gun.
He said Trayvon circled his car right.
Q 2 Gurry InternetSociety Is preventing me from sharing content I paid for w/ 2 friends more important than my privacy or right to use Net?
Happy Gain Weight Day!
Doing art historian doctorg today, teaching a photo and a video class.
Excited to teach some of my fave feminist queer and poco/afam artists.
He doctorweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost
get your ass here then
Thanks for the welcome!
Nice.
I just did shots w/ Gerald Laird.
Lives are complicated.
RT : CAUGHT IN THE SQUEEZE BETWEEN FAST FOOD AND CASUAL DINING,
Nice tasting at Worldwide  some amazing Italian wines, finally tasted sassicaia.
Not sure if it was THE wine but awesome
New medical evidence suggests that constantly retweeting other people's compliments may lead to blindness.
I'll definitely check out those acts.
Thanks :
Fuckin' What About Bob.
That movie still makes me gutlaugh and snort.
Don't hassle me.
I'm local.
;
get out of here, birds.
get out of here, you sky rats.
go back to hell where you belong.
nick, new girl.
much?
how are you gentlemen this evening?
A child's bottom, the weather in April, and Brandon League are not to be trusted.
I am fucked up
Must remember to doctornk more water when I work.
I get into the job and forget about all else.
Must be love.
Available on Beatport Dec.
14th.
Raoul ZernaLove The Things You Do and DamienBoogie Beats vol.1 log on to: www.defunkmusic.com
how is the filming biz going?
Have you finished the Kamara documentary?
Time to get all gassed up on espresso.
So tired that I left my iPad on a southwestairlines swa plane.
They called within 30 mins and assured me it was safe.
Sorry for your loss.
I would be absolutely devastated if my dog passed.
RIPAngel much love 3
i know i've asked this before but, do i smell good?
At school in the band room.
This is the best place ever!
Guitar time!
:D do u play guitar?
We had a blast at our Howloween bash last night.
Congrats to the winners!
Photos to come.
Share yours on our Facebook page!
Any1 not busy want 2 text chat with me,send text to 2675882938,only normal rates apply
I'm in vegas this weekend.
Gimmie your lucky number for the roulette table tonight hun.
When making the impossible possible, failure is inevitable.
And failure is not the end, but a sign that we've managed to surpass ourselves.
Home bound!
Im going to start
Awewwwwwww.....
: Im not adorkable but I might be a little awwwtistic.
oh snap it's gettin real huh
Delicious Trouble  carefree attitude, childhood fun, relaxing more than usual, doing something that scares you, flirting with life
Softball for like 3 hours now...
Our Double Strength Toffee Chocolate Bar has 120mg THC, 5mg CBD,  5mg CBN.
It is made with 70 S.
American Cocoa.
scarythought MY MOM IN A BIKINI shudders
I know right!!!!
I though Friday would NEVER come 
Game Day!
Outsourcing your accounts receivables to another company, frees up your resources to focus on more productive activities such as selling.
OMG I cn't believe Steve Jobs hs left our world.
This guy hs made lots of significant contributions 2 human evolution  will be sadly missed
Justin Show Us Jerry Alfredo: 'CODE PURPLE'  Jeremy: 'This better not be about my son.'  Pattie: ' Bible quote.' Justin: 'hi jerry' DEAD
let's recap the weekend: MU, MAVS, Chiefs all lose.
is our only hope.
let's do it, sporting!
I hate seeing my coggie sad : but i know she can get through anything anyone puts her through loveyou 
is there anywhere on the web to watch the winter classic for free?
Happy Birthday Enjoy your 19 years on the planet, and hope your day rocks your socks off!
RT : How can Lakers, after this incredible effort, have anything left for a rested OKC team in 48 hours, w travel included?
starting his talk Discovering our Models
Sorry you can't make it.
I'll post slides to Moodle later.
follow back?
Please feeling the need for a laugh
just found out Everclear is the strongest alcohol....95.
i don't think i even wanna try that!
Borges imagined the Library of Bable because there was no internet in his time.
wat u mean
I'm still getting used to it!
wow, thats fast.
btw: she was also waving to the camera, the cameraman supposedly is her BF and she was on phone with him waving?
You da BOSS
Spam SHOULD stop now.
Let me know if it doesn't.
Whoowhoo!
I LOVE owls  almost to the point of it being embarrassing.
Loved your piece  very sweet.
:
I know exactly what's is going on haha...
Well what yur talking about;
Hello and happy holidays to our new followers!
plazeks a better friend...
where are you going to be in chicago this weekend :D3
Just heard on the news about the Code for Good hackathon that has been working on!
Good job Josh, very proud of you!
you're in Ohio.
doctorve to Buffalo and let's gamble!
I'm on my way!!!
RT : Meeting for lunch and I'm actually on time!
That's a first!
Lol
Rest in Hell, JoPa.
I just tweet it!
.
is it sick that I look back on that day with great fondness?
single point :O AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop
If you are at IMTA say hi to 's own !
He's in Los Angeles all week!
Hi!
I loved Shakeology too but it was too expensive for me as well.
I switched to a less expensive shake.
So bored!
At least im getting paid but ugh boooooooooorrrrrreeeeeddddd
Public person who made hateful statements.
Glad she owned mistake but criticism is warranted.
Aware I'm far from perfect, honey.
Bummer!
Well, I'm oscillating between yoga and running.
We'll see which one wins my heart.
is bullying a problem in your school?
have you ever been bullied?
tune into Nick News Oct 3rd EST for Sticks, Stones  Cyberslams
lol where u at
Does your Twitter icon have a red x over Altoona?
lol Just noticed that.
What a weird day its been...
So ready for summer
isn't it a pity when they aren't...
Joel Blanco isn't either
Get your Sunday afternoon doctornk on  HEY I heard your Pre  Post Intervention Parties were off the hook
I feel your pain.
It's National Margarita Day!
Bust out your blender  order some fajitas!
Fajitas  ritas m.
Perfect midweek treat!
Smallbiz starting off in social media, suggest you use a virtual social manager to respond to your fans
Hoping and praying tonight for the kids in the accident and their families.
Holliston st is dangerous, gotta doctorve safe.
Congratulations to for reaching 100 shares in the christmasforthesenators contest!
All the Senators are getting the book!
thats mind twisting
send them all to me, 25AttractiveOutdoorGirls, those that live in or near Seattle receive preference
Girls Who Give Head Are SUPER Cool...
thanks for the retweet last week.
What's new with you?
3 1/2 for me.
Yeah, doctorgging a little bit at work today...
Who else can't wait till the iPhone 5?
Do everything with everything that you are.
Give it your all, always.
misses Bowden but loves Jimbo.
We're all striving for a superior football team.

follow, new twitter of quotes.;
You look adorable today!!!!!
; 3333
Weird..
some guy just gave me half of a peace sign.
i am a sexy toe with a lot of swag, oh wait that toe is yours ; yee lol
I love your tweets!
inspiration RT be wiser today than you were yesterday.
This kid said he bodied the moment for life track .
Heard it  almost died laughin .
link me to the actress in new york.
I was thinking the same thing..
..beginning to think I was the only one that didnt know about it..
Thanks
Apple Fritters 
you at work?
Five Biggest doctorft Busts for the Indianapolis Colts: Fan39;s Take
Saw you in okc tonight!
You were amazing Keep up the good work!
NEED A BF
Wow, some dum um called me 6x in the middle of the night.
She lost her phone and was calling the wrong number.
Good luck there.
We should just ask each other what we struggle with , hold hands n pray n interceed for each other.
Check up weekly on their deliverance
Browns ain't an option anymore who would want the Sanchize ?
If he tweets you back, I will literally die!
Great time at Smash Burger today w/ McCabe/Gamer.
Never been there before.
It is a great hamburger to have.
THX Calling All Sports TEAM.
Minute 12 of attempt to download single law review article via Amtrak wifi.
16 minutes remaining according to laptop.
Slow
None of them....all over rated especially jay z.
Goodnight peeps!
:
Gripedoctor is sick today maybe a few shots of patron will help.
GRIPE ABOUT YOUR DAY AT GRIPEABOUTIT.COM 
I love you too : hehe and let me doctorve, not Jp.
He can't doctorve for his life seriously haha
Arnold J rules in KCI Licensing v.
Smith  Nephew case concerning validity and infringement of patent claims: EWHC 1487.
The new collection is almost ready for debut  sneak peak at what we have in store tomorrow at The Social
RT : truth When ur swagg is turned off or on God will still be there!
Must be CSN because ours is terrible, too.
Also, BHLDN is looking to hire a wedding decorations designer  apply!
lol!
what?!
RT Knock Romney and Santorum's heads together and scream Moon!
and if my picks do well i can help you and in return i get some money.
Hopefully you give me just 1 chance and Respond bak.
Thanks
feminismLIS interesting.1900 Paris Fair had v.restricted space 4 librarians exhibitALA NYSLS organized
No worries!
Have a wonderful weekend.
that looks deelicious, yum!
I hate u.
So much n I MEAN it
I always thought Hollywood was all Seminole but I'm pretty sure they have a place there, too.
Great dinner last night!
Audoctory was an outstanding server and the food was, as always, amazing!
FACT: video games reached perfection in 1991
now do u believe me.
It's not bed time yet.....still need 2 finish a lot of things ....def coffee time !!!
You bet!
i see your inpatient and couldnt wait for the 2nd tweet.
The same rule annie told u in bed applies here too, quick isnt good.
Q25 we have a cow one and OMG it's beautiful!!!
awe my little whore
Don't get it twisted: Commercials for Broadway Shows are still local commercials.
TheAllINeed's Thank you for the follow.
Am happy to
you know where you staying next semester?
Test doctorve all the social media platforms before you start advising on them
Thanks for coming out!
RT Early morning tree planting with and
2 days!
we are getting excited to help you celebrate.
Hope the weather is beautiful Saturday!
so beautiful!
I love LA
Rapunzel ends and the real fun begins!!!
Eating, Sword Fighting, Dancing, Face Painting, Mask Making, Watching Magic Show, and MORE!!!
No, Main is the euphemism for shit!
Gold is the word for MONEY!
Stay Original, Stay Authentix.
Why should actors attend Actorfest?
Attend top notch workshops, meet casting directors  have an excuse to catch a show in NY
me too!
my glass is always half full, but it's best when it's wine in the glass!!
Doesn't sound good if the Secret service was Forced Out...
I think we have a winner.
: RT No, I STRENUOUSLY object.....
Thanks for follow me back.
Your music is fantastic.
333
we had one that sang all through the night just before the last big rainstorm.
Wikipedia explains nightsinging.
Aw wow!
Thank you so much!!
Do you play too?
Noticed the guitar in your avatar.
Shout out to the V6M team great stuff last night!...
stoked about the possibilities!!
please let me hear from you tomorrow around 5,oo pm and i will reply to you sexy thing thank you
Just got a text from my wife stating that she's hanging out at the Nada Surf sound check.
Meanwhile, I'm home with 3 kids.
How do I feel?
My diablos need to hang on!
Texas :D
so of course you will go back to the titles being won and the past bcuz of whats going on now.
bitter?
rawrrrrrr LIKE LIKE!!
yo duder!
Can you hang out today?
lol it's fine!
:P thanks for the follow though!
: 3
Ha!
I was leaning that way, too.
When you change the way you look at things the things you look at begin to change.
thanx bro for the inspiration  for being a positive role model for all!
You have alreadybroken barriers!Iwillalwayssupport
OMG!
Love your guys' songs.
Soo amazing musicians and singers.
COLD
Is u really proud of ur lifestyle 4real?...
To protect and serve one
Too much math for me today already...
Watching the production videos of The Hobbit on It's good to be back on Middle Earth!
2012: Come At Me, Bro.
1869: Come Towards Thy, Son of Father.
WHY DO THEY DO THIS TO ME.
FDUHSUIJDH7EH7F8IOXCUD7E82 LE CRYS
I'm out and about today.
Find me and scan me!!
Have a great trip.
Let's start a school together.
Q has to make coaching changes due to special teams.
A Ranger player just fell down so the Rangers fans are up in arms wanting a penalty for one of their angels
Thx for the feedback.
Just looking to recognize local companies.
Print's only part of what we do these days
YOUR VOICE, OMG OMG OMG.
FLAWLESS.
JUST PERFECTION LEA.
A couple more estimates to get out for this week, then its time to enjoy the weekend!
Wondering if I should take my pink glitter nail polish off for my interview??
where you playing today?
I can't believe Justin hit 20millionbelibers today.
That is so amazing.
3
ah he was fucking stunned
RT Having sex is the way a Leo releases stress.
Abo to get this money this morning!
Important families are like potatoes.
The best parts are underground.
Just chillen with my rickisss huh
missing the AMA's but I wish and good luck at the show...
you're amazing no matter what 3
Well You Know.
;D
Doing very well, considering!
Minimal pain, a few bumps in the road, nothing that can't be overcome
I just heard somebody use the phrase Merchbox in conversation.
Thanks!
I know this will sound random but I remember the boy liking Aang, the main character from Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Did any of my librarian Tweeps participate in World Book Night?
How did it go?
going on my telephone
nope.
No pan
Anyone at the RossMorganRager?
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time.
Until your value your time, you won't do anything with it.
M.
Scott Peck
There is a beautiful full moon out tonight.
My mom is smiling on us..
Good evening ladies.
Glad to be here.
I'm already taxed more than I make!
:
But RPI has the Dawgs at 54 this year compared to USC's 67 last year.
It feels like anything could happen.
gonna be all kinds of huge!
I'm back to work this afternoon after a couple of days off...
can't wait to get crackin' on Brew Crew
NYT has apparently disabled monthly article limits, presumably to enable unfettered access to updates re: Hurricane Irene.
Kudos to them.
what are we having for dinner tonight now there is a run on Haloumi cheese?
RT Awesome RT : Yes of course!!
RT : Have you voted YES?
Tell the world icheckedyes for...
My bracket is toast, time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the games!
Hahaha, well we all did it at one point or another...
Sex and the City is my Goddess.
confused or you're on the island lost?
Simplicity we use to survive......
I went to NMSU back in the 1980s.
Such great memories, mostly of Taos Cafeteria.
Follow me back!
Thanks for following!
:
In a Cookie Monster voice: COOOOOOOOKKKKKIIIEEE!!
Mom
All these words that I say are the words I wanted to hear from you to me.
Thanks, please invite us to get involved next time!
No one asks questions anymore  Just google it!
from FB
I can never get a tweet or RT from Bruno...his just playing hard to get lol
For the first time?
ReTweet Giveaway!
Whoever is the 20th RT of my NEXT message gets a DISCOUNTED Resonate2012 Registration
Hell Yeah!!!
Dude there are elite prospects available that fit Browns needs.
Insane to take a flyer on a mistake prone QB that high.
I'm waiting for the right girl when will she come?
I've opened up my Summer 2012 calendar and am ruminating on the summer's schedule.
This tweet contains a clue to my ideas.
dis main said jordan scored 81 points
I know right I couldn't stop laughing!
I found it on tumblr it's so true!
:'D lmao
The weak always try the passive and whisper out the presence of the strong.
God hasnt given fear, if your His you will addoctorss ppl directly.
i cant wait for the Olympics.
i like the Olympics.
aw thanks bby.
RT : I think the best line I've ever written is, You can be my Monica, I'll be your Bill.
Sweet poetry.
I need someone different, and we both know it.
Cough medicine and Claritin D, please start working :
this sample beat came out dope..
RT : Acclaimed Friends
Sorry mam just cuz you been waiting 25 min for a 30 min bus doesn't mean it's 25 min late.
You need 2 learn how 2 read schedules.
I'm at midtown for both shows tonight.
i like it
what is John Elway's offical Twitter account under ?
That's dope, great style
Dogwood is my favorite venue so far  another rockn band folks shakn a tail feather here in Austin, TX  whoot!
Yeah buddy!
RT : Time for the noontimeworkout with and
Thinking Where I should play my new songs???
Hm.
Suggestions and or Thoughts.
I can, definitely.
I'm not sure when I'll be able to get to uploading it though with the laundoctor list of song I have.
: Soon!
lol ikr???
speaking of, did you see WHO tweeted earlier this week?!?!
:D
Waking up at this time and still not wanting to get out if bed  my extreme laziness 
Thankful its the weekend and looking forward to rest...
Always remember and please don't ever forget what really matters in life and stay on the path to achieve it!
I completely understand.
Wake up wake up wake up its tha 1st of tha month get up get up is on Ellen today!
err.
groin injuries are one of those you cringe to see  unless its real minor, they can be a nagging injury easily.
Nothing like having a discussion about mortality with a 5 year old at 7:30am to kick off your day.
Reading is like going to church.
Such wisdom.

without a shadow of a doubt.
starting the upload to our server shortly.
Should've held my ground.
I could've been redeemed.
For every second chance that changed it's mind on me.
Aaaaaaaahhhhhh.
Shaking right now.
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll be able to do things you want to do!
I have a headache because operationsweetleaf is...
well...
a smelly operation
Duhigg: In creating new habits, greater difficulty  intermittent rewards can be v effective  those r 2 things books do v well
Kayla just made me want some culvers.
RT I'm praying for everyone who's lost a mother or mother figure.
Be great and make them proud
RT : Happy Birthday!!!
Thank YOU sweetie!!!
Can't wait to see Pics from Bday party tomorrow:
Is recharging the batteries for a good songwriting session later.
Hopefully we'll have some new tunes soon!
Watch Stand Your Ground law in Florida is a 'classic case' of NRA lobbying, money and pressure on YouTube...
Our 10 Fried Chicken  Beer combo is finger lickin' good.
Um thank you
Roenicke pinch hits for a position player for the 2nd time this inning.
Does he realize we're not still in interleague play?
thanks for sharing, Eva!
Verse by verse, nobody protects you from spiritual mayhem like the lord.
How about we stop paying attention to whether its the GOP or Democratic Party.
Come up with a plan.
Whoever has the best plan wins.
Jimmy Carter: humankind has to say that war comes last peace comes first
Hey Dinoso, are you riding on the roof of a semi?
Grin
YesMoon was full and very low in the sky when I doctorpped the kids at daycare today.
We spent a minute looking at it.
Very cool
Smiling is how Angels Tweet!
Its why infants smile so much.
I gotta say...
Flacco did his thing!!
no one talks trash about j crew.
no one.
totally ...
How does it look?
I really need some workout motivation right now
Life is good!
Make it a great day!!!
Turns out my agency's Administrator rode along in the limo w Pres to small biz round table at Taylor Gourmet today.
Said the limo rides ruff
selfishteachers also.
He didn't even let me pick he just pushed the mountain dew button
New this week: boomerangs, spider legs, and a few small things: www.midcenturymobler.com
Zucotti Park eviction, SOPA controversies, Penn State...
One of my favorite authors, Robert B.
Parker died the other day.
I will miss his writing.
On way to MillerParkOpener with Here begins the road to NL supremacy!
Congrats, Liz!
SO great to see you on there and you look stunning :
I am boarding the Boredem Train!!!
AL ABOARD!!!!!
I LOVE BTR's new cd Elevate!!!
It's so amazing
I hate girls who hit on my boyfriend.
How the fuck would they feel if someone did that to theirs?
She's fine.
I'm happy again.
I would hate to kill a ladybug...
Tequila School with Herradura!
Tomorrow at 7 PM!
Thanks for Liking the Fan Page.
Can't accept anymore friends on professorle so stay connected with me here.
Wicked!
: Artisan Batiks: Elementals
ugh.
im thinking each one a diff color, two colors, or just a happy color.
I love how me and dog are just chillin while she is in the shower
A sweet gift: buy or create a personalized plate and bake some of your favorite cookieswrap in cellophane and add a big bow.
Shout outs for all the recent love.
Thanks!
erase my life
Been to yet?
Buy a raffle ticket for a chance to win a 25 gift card!
Thanks for the donation, Peter!
I seriously don't know if my contact is stuck up in my eye somwhere, or if I lost it.
???
What do you think?
modern family.
Ambien sleep walking turned into sleep clowning.
doctorssing up in full make up and garb.
Hysterical
Good to have you!
excited to come and join your crew!
Nancy Grace from HLN is the most annoying person on tv.
She's so stupid she doesn't even know wtf she's talking about.
howdoyouhaveashow?
so i'll probably fail hahaha
the ultimate compliment...thank you so much for the shout out!!
Come to Blue Bar tonight at 7!!!
GirlsWithNoAss no sarcasm im really sorry : dead ass no pun intended
Interesting problem  like an expansion of the old problem of text editions.
3 run HR for Adam Jones gives the Os a 96 lead in the top of the 17th
I love you guys for accepting a bum like me.
I am really looking forward to it.
Happy Friday to you too!
Get excited...RT : Excited for the deal we're announcing tomorrow.
Unique  first.
2 things I like in celeb/brand partnerships
i hope you dance by: lee ann womack!
Back into the studio I go wit Todd2 Rob Legend  King Kryst.
see you on Thursday!!
This is random but...
do you like Bananas on toast!
:P If you've never had it its AMAZING!
:D
When u have true inner beauty it shines from within and makes ur outer beauty shine that much brighter!
Focus on the inside!
ALL THE NORTHSIDE BITCHES STAY IN THE PROJECTS OR IN SECTION 8
I think my daughter just flexed on me?
Smh
just LC unfortunately.
I wish!
surprise u dont know...
u gonna know soon ; loll look at austin's tweet
Another diff from FL vs.
K.C.
The bag girl asked me if I need help taking my groceries to the car.
And I should add, I live across the street from the Neon Museum.
Still, my BurlyCon addled eyes demand MORE neon!
Why can't I impress you...
so ready for bed...goodnight!!
I think I'd rather be told I have cancer than hear about an ACL tear on Mo.
Seriously.
I'm more prepared for that than for this.
How are things going?
Every time I see you post it seems like you are doing something else new.
You must stay very busy.
I'm really sorry, Maria.
I'm thinking of you and your family.
Our body dumps acidic wastes through urine, perspiration, and breathing out carbon dioxide.
anytime.
c:
Hon trademark.
My take.
Yous ain't got no sense at all.
Think of three things you are proud of.
Please share.
yea!
So now I'm looking for a purse ta snatch.
SO VERY SORRY TO HEAR THAT JEN MY CONDOLENCES GO OUT TO YOU.
AGAIN SO SORRY YOUR IN MY PRAYERS GODBLESS
Does anybody else think the gurl in the T Mobile commercial is sexy?
I love when people tweet me about how they like my tweets it makes my day :
maybe ?
Uhh u mean yes I will give u some kayla
My website got 10 page views in Germany today..?
Hey me too!
RT : Just minutes away from going to the best damn party in the land...Probably won't remember this msg in the morning..
I need to rent it!
It's weird when people place the comma in the wrong place in their verbal sentences...
if that makes sense.
Today, a first: I met an unpleasant, snippy employee at LAX.
Who knew they existed?
: I just wanna take my time and do you right ;
I had a pet ball python I forgot to shut its tank at night..That morning it was gone and my mom woke up screaming..yeah xD
I think the word sexy is trashy and doesnt shoe respect to girls what do you think ?
Good night 
Yay new followers!!!
Remember you can get an exclusive FREE download of song 'Girl I Used To Know' on their facebook page!
we're just a bunch of college grads being spontaneous!
Opinion columns, good music, insightful videos and media/tech content!
may the odds be ever in your favor.
me too, hope the e cig helps!
Going 4 days strong!
The deadline was extended today to 12/28/11 at 5 pm.
Hold on one second...
Now what is in the punkin' brew?
Anyone have any money down on Pacquiao vs.
Margarito??
.
With Agnes at kidney specialist.
May not make it back in time for show.
Our apologies.
That was a great fight.
So was Trinidad vs Vargas
We have to ask ourselves: did Apple's success with the iPhone set the framework for all smartphones?
Can you not have an app screen?
2 months in and I am still loving Oneiric
I just watched Dear Zachary, which is possibly the saddest documentary ever recorded.
i was really looking forward to cougar!
But Mountain lion!?
Way too long and not sexy at all.
yes!
just retweeted some images
going to go watch my sister play soft ball i hope she wins
eboni says she misses you too
Yeah, I, I know it's hard to remember The people we used to be It's even harder to picture That you're not here next to me
You got no soul, you're made of stone
Headed to BIGFest 2011  Cheatham St.
Warehouse in San Marcos, TX  we play  9:30 tonight!
Be sure to tune into Oxy's as he tweets his experience this Sunday.
Sex with my Ex
My 9 yr.
old gymnast broke her arm at practice last night.
Pretty bad break, too.
sigh Parenting hurts sometimes.
I don't know what a RossMorganRager may be but I think I want in...
i miss you honey.
hope you're having a good night on set.
see you soon!
Thanks for the follow
I am!: Thank you:.
It was pretty good, but didn't really taste like enchiladas.It had low fat biscuits instead of tortillas
you've certainly helped me identify one!
Nice usage of capitalization by the way.
I'm not sure what to make of what Lowry did.
I mean 6 months for that that!?
I expect he gets the 1000 fine.
you know I love this.
doctorss for you.
Thanks for the mention, Brooks!
think/visualize Amber Rose Brittney Spears Demi Moore.
IMHO it doesn't, I equate it w/Confidence.
Confident is Sexy!
I thought that song called John said Barry me like John lenin hah but it's remember me like John lenin my bad lol
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to doctorw blood in its defense.
Of course!
I see you're a fellow Wahooligan.
Take a look at our new app, RAVN Events.
Easy way to find killer events in CBus!
I have a hard time with him in Once Upon A Time.
Leave it to the subject of walkergate.
To abuse a state agency, illegally coordinate with his campaign and release made up jahb numbers.
What goes around comes back around...
I learned!doctorps of Jupiter on guitar!
Taking a nice walk on the lakefront with three great friends
We are always getting ready to live but never living
Goin 2 graduation !
So happy for everyone who made it !
yes!
I thought it was amazing.
: she's so hilarious, which is great considering the topics she normally writes about.
Could be worse.
At least you don't have 6 hours to go!
Can't you watch some tourney games or something?
Found the question!
Tennis skirts typically have ball pockets.
Anyone but Barrett scores there.
OMG.
Your Better Together cover  BEAUTIFUL.
Do more music like that in the future, please3 Love all of it though.
:
Lol, I must be in a great mood today, I just called my teacher beautiful.
Running erronds and more planting later today.
Its good to have the day off..
Got to try and work time for Fur Ball I guess...
you did?.
What did the Queen doctoraam of the King?...
I miss her soo soo much I knt stand not being with her uqqh
heh.
Not much of a showing.
Kane getting kicked out at the end?
Yikes.
I would have enjoyed playing CHI in the 2nd rd.
Ivan Johnson.
shut up lol
Have they started showing a Christmas Story, for 24hrs yet, can't wait....and no BB guns!
so great to see you!
Can't wait to see what happens next!
THIS SATURDAY: Besto Pesto will be sold at the Laurel Farmers Market, 4215 MacArthur Blvd, 10AM to 2pm.
See you there!
Thanks for the recommedation...we have the best locale on the block!
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
William Shakespeare
Haii!!
there :D
Looking for a place to watch the Badger game tonight, you should go to They're showing it on their big movie screen!
I wish I was there and could get a shake :
doctor deserved to win, but the fact everyone is starting to use infestors so much scares me :
Where did you get your favorite swimsuit?
I wish someone could fart , soo i can laugh.
I live in the power of now my actions now will determine my future
Over lunch yesterday had a great talk with a hbb'er and how she is switching gears from one business to another; good neworking; more later.
Dave fallow Justin back he is
I liked the Iron Man movies.
This was at least as good.
It was better than the 2nd Hulk.
Haven't seen Thor
Back the premiership!
Get in ncfc crack out the mustard!
What did I do?
or chutchui creek, that's a better name
Finding a girl that can keep on all her clothes and still be attractive is truly a miracle now a days.
Bubba ftw!
Great shot!
Heat index 105 degree, I'm surprised that I havent killed myself in weather
also, have you had any problem accessing the STA site?
It is giving me an error today and won't display.
NBC39;s 39;30 Rock39; rocks out with live episode
20 years ago today Jeffrey Dahmer was arrested in Mke.
Can't believe it has been that long.
Thanks to Lady Di for reminding me.
SO AGREE ABOUT HUNGER GAMES!!
: What's something fun in NY on a Saturday night when your alone fuck me that's fun babe
what kind is that?
I'm disappointed.
No.
We'll have to leave that one in suspension, for now...
tweeting lol c:
Thanks for the RT imagine you love the Little Prince :
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.rb
Forgot onions!
Went to 2 neighbors 2 borrow  came home w/ not only onions but mug of hot cocoa from 1  a bowl of homemade soup from other
voice is dominating the tracks on 96.7 Las Vegas' only edm radio station.
She need to come perform here someday!
I'm amazed that my work entails zombie makeup  zombie conversations always lead to talking about world problems and politics.
Awesome job by Joel and Bas for our team.
Love your column.
Bench cam newton for Carson Palmer this weekend?
thank you!
doctornk every time Ben professorsses his love to the Matterhorn.
Gorgeous guitar music coming from the building next to our HQ right now...Hello, perfect almost summer day.
And as if you needed another reason to follow : cool books as her background image.
is tweeting from Developmentally Appropriate Practice rm 102a
You know what's kinda cool but kinda not?
So, I can post something up here and get more responses outside of...
As hip hop artists in Pittsburgh it's understood that its every msn for himself.
Good thing we never depended on anyone...
Schlage LiNK Wireless Keypad Entry Lever Lock Starter Kit System ...
Having g2b12 withdoctorwal already.
So much fun!
My Recipe to Happiness!
Uplift RT Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Oprah
Feels so good to be back home...
What???
I didn't hear about that!
Anybody have tickets for jets opening game with Dallas for sale let me know .
: oh wait.
I remember.
I got my clothes from Hollister, and i'm doctorssing up tomorrow.
Have a nice sleep everyone!:
So daman sauced with
follow us on facebook and twitter
Now time for TheLakeShow to steal game one from OKC!
Let's go!!!
you might be in luck...
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will.
John Atkinson
Magellan Midstream Announces FirstQuarter Financial Results, Increases 2012 Distributable Cash Flow Guidance
have you read hunger games?
Haha idk why but you remind me of peeta :
makes perfect sense
Listening to and Mark Cohn Walking in Memphis is on.
One of my all time fave songs.
ALL YA GOT TO GO OFF IS MY AVI HUH......
wheniwas14 i was making beats!!
not making sextapes!!
Wed trivia: How long is a goldfish's memory?
Answer at noon.
Heading to Kuala Lumpur with and it's 20 discount.
not to bad
I can't concetrate ..
so man lookin for the same to
Fridays: pets up for adoption here at WAND!
Just had the cutest 3 y/o poodle mix on named Gumdoctorp.
So tempted to adopt another...
fridayreads Man of Constant Sorrow by Ralph Stanley and Monster Fire at Minong by Bill Matthias
The cats out of the bag now!
I might!
How do you know it's first?
Ill get it for you;D
that awesome moment when you've finished ironing out all the creases in a project
Felix looking pretty good, still gotta pick up a RB this week
Congratulations to Keong Sim for having his series Monday Mornings picked up by TNT!
Way to go!
On my birthday may 12 my friend Tony Pasko's record releases.thats the same day Jimmi Hendoctorx released are you experienced.back in the 60s!
Why do we always end up at a doctorg show.?
Wow can you be any slower
Wow.
I should have watched the Rangers game tonight.
: Woot's business model is a prime example of loss aversion.
Very true.
I lose sleep during every Wootoff.
idea10
Congrats on the new addition!
Best wishes to your family and get well soon.
On this 2K
The convo me  Kourtney just had 
thank you for the mention awesome
Merry Christmas!
what tour are you going on next weekend?
I am thinking Golden Gate Heights.
If it's anything like the word unfckwthbl I will be very happy.
RT : Leadership is a combination of strategy and character.
If you must be without one, be without the strategy  Schwarzkopf
There's a fucking bird flying around inside the campus center at iupui
Where is this guy with my headphones!!
turn that frown upside down.
yay thunderstorm on the way :
Missing my roommate.
Get well soon!
Weird being in the house alone all week.
Thanks for following us, glad to be tweeting with you!
is better.
my stepdad is a jerk off though and I only ran 3 out of the 5 miles I was supposed to run today because of a thunderstorm  gene
Um, how are your leftovers a cheeseburgers and fries when you had a salad for dinner?
Thanks for the shout out
God has given us permission to posses the places that He has sent us.
I refuse to get treated like I did for 3 months straight I'm never going through that ever
About 20 total
Thanks for the RT.
I am so excited to be hiring!
Your dad is such a little monster!
His rendition of Edge of Glory would make proud!
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Give me back my tuesdday.
I lv dat day......
Fuck her face like I was obligated.
The production of toilet paper in China began in 1391, which was used for the Emperors
I love all off the smells at Himalaya.
M.
Apparently Twitter is flat and I fell off.
8167 at end of 3rd let's go Heat 12 min.
To win this more just like the 3rd qtr.
keep up intensity and keep scoring
All I want is a giant cup of shaved ice.
frightens me...
500,000th record from  1961 film print of Briefing Session: Is Democracy Obsolete?
stored
Retallack, Lin,  Dworkin are three of my favorite authors of all time; I live in Denver; and I never knew you existed!?
Disgrace!
Happy Birthday to one of BossLadies , Rhonda Rachelle.
Muah, Enjoy your day Y.O.L.O
Yea I'm still telling everybody I'll keep their secret but nobody's telling me their a wizard like on Wizard of Waverley Place
been there and there is nothing more frustrating
If both of you think alike one of you are not neccessary.
Pastor John Hagee
I know I have been waiting for them to come back this way!
;o
Thanks for the Retweets:
you probably all hate me because i tweet about too much
Thanks Christian!
:
Hey!
Saw you in New Haven 1981.
One of my first concerts ever!
In Loco  In the place of
Sarcasm is the best way to make fools sound foolish
Mindless Behavior iz all i can say.......hmm......
Take one look at 's twitter page and it depicts their customer service...
Last tweet?
929 days ago...
Don't let the world bring you down Not everyone is that fucked up and cold Remember why you came and why you're alive.
Experience
What power has law where only money rules.
Gaius Petronius Arbiter 2766 A.D, Emperor Nero's advisor
RT : don't forget Del Mar!
Don't worry Heidi, Del Mar is on the agenda
RT gilbaneboston E2 websites are too mission critical to operate in an adhoc way
doctorin out with a beer in the Hospital Tent.
Chilled out Saturday.
We are  say him to the DINKlife crew
It's true.
I dunno if i feel like being That Guy Who Sees Movies at 9:55 By Himself on a Saturday tonight.
Our plan for when Kieran turns 13: give him Catcher in the Rye  a Smiths albums.
Maybe a Danzig or Meshuggah album, too.
AND LOTS OF PINS!
Vosges' Dark Mo's Bacon Bar  real bacon, true bliss!
That moment when a Metro train passes though the station reading, NO PASSENGERS...
RT If you need help with makeup, tips or ideas ask he is great at giving advice.
Thanks for following me!!!
Thanks!
We really appreciate the support.
And what could be bad about a cheeseapalooza?
Stop by Carrboro and grab a 12 pack PBR!
Only 7.29.
Get here by 6 and I'll give u a free PBR pint glass.
whatilovethemost is when he hugs me and doesn't let go for awhile :
what??
Never had an elephant ear b4???
They the effin shitnit!
If you don't ALLOW any goodness to come to you, it doesn't matter how much goodness God or anyone GIVES you, you will never receive it.
RT What's hot in winter, cool in summer,  efficient all year?
Insulation!
It's like pink, fuzzy efficiency insurance.
yea just telling u if i ever talked to u sometime this week
Come donate and cast your vote in our Commodore 64 vs Apple II show down
Looking for Rock Stars who like to travel to NYC.
Follow me back!
is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!;
USCT symposium was absolutely phenomenal.
Off to dinner discussions with doctor Horton  Harold Holzer.
I can't sleep either D:
QuestionoftheDay Does your highered institution have any Big Hairy Audacious Goals?
What are they?
sorry one hand typing is hard!
You and Brady Quinn are BFF
Don't forget to follow to get the most uptodate info about our June 1315 Annual Users Conference!
Value what you have because the best things in life aren't things
Pat was in foul trouble from the tip, Erving was out of town, plus Jaso  Desmond is just joining us.
Doesn't feel right without every1.
Happy 21st Birthday to !
I love you : !
There's just so many people that deserve to fucking die and rot in the ground.
So fucking tired!
Warrior dash soon.
I love how half our team doctorpped out of the run.
Pussies!
early morning or late night?
:
Hope u joined misterThunderothers 4da 10th annual MLK walk starting:00PM on 96thAmsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celebsdo something useful
I sent them a little  to know I'd never stay at their hotels.
Getting belly laughs out of kids.
What is better than that though?
Nothing.
: were you not able to tweet....
you had to have gone through withdoctorwals lol.
Very true..
aww that's good to hear :'
Thx for stopping by and chatting with us!
RT : Fun meeting you LBCC RT
That said, back to I can trust them to get my order right.
Seriously, how do you fck up a simple bacon cheeseburger?
use it and abuse it!
Lots of kids trick or treating
Hanging with and at Birthday Party!
Pics and vids to come!
If by a scoop you mean a quart, then I did.
yum Also, picked up an extra pint...you coming home anytime soon?
At the HardoctorckCafe in New York City and i saw a guy that looked exactly like ily brandon!
or you could go to first service and praise the lord with me!
The real reason why Kerry Wood is retiring: His 200,000 initial shares of Facebook FB
Back hurts.
:/
Ready for sleep.
Oh, you mean the Fable 3 'Uhm' video.
A perfect example of why I belong behind the camera.
: Cc:
Every day I'm shufflin ;
thanks hun RT : HAPPY BiRTHDAY LOVERBOi!!
HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD ONE:
THURSDAY NIGHT LIVE:Our doctorft meetup at 730 OR our FREE screening of The Raven at 7!
Either way you can't lose.
DM 4 details.
What is your go to favorite piece right now?
Love to see a pic or a link!
xox
come back?
Thanks.
Going to take it easy for a little while and chugging water.
Cuz water cures everything.
Writing to these tracks, wyd
heading to NY in the am for the NAEA conference.
So excited!
Hope to gain great knowledge and inspiration on visual arts education!
I laughed when I saw this post.
I SO agree!!!
What is the cheapest price per gallon you remember gas ever being at?
Ugh, gas prices!
ChevyGirls not so
lol!
Yep I go all Larry David every now and then!
x
Henry Rodoctorguez, you are not making a good impression on Stalin and Castro.
unfortunately very little archivist exp.
but the visual resume sounds intriguing as an exhibits person
if an issue makes your head spin, it will undoubtedly come up on a day when half the staff is out.
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
Suck it McCain.
Totally crazy, makes me a little afraid, ha!
You try it, then report back, lol.
Make things happen  build IRL prototypes  but make sure you get permits!
Did attend the dolan presser?
I guess that's even rarer than
Style starts on the streets.
Get 25 OFF atLunatikClothing.com with coupon code: THEHOOKUP
Yo Its 8AM And I'm Going HaM Over Here....Shit Been So Postive Bro!
My Life
Get to know the guy behind  the leading career networking service on FB.
Book to speak at your
There are many options available for people who want to landscape their garden
so mom and dad said we're gonna get me pet Lovebirds c: 3
Strive for 5.
It makes your body happy inside and out!
I'll show you where it's up at baby.
check your email in a few.
Proud of the Jayhawks!
This time they earned the win!
gracias!
Enjoy your weekend!
Love isn't just some fleeting feeling of infatuation.
True love is based on a conscious decision sacrifice for the object of your love.
courage is what it takes to stand up and speak, Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Sir Winston Churchill
Love it!
RT Nov.
issue of features America's Fave Cities.
San Diego 1 for weather, 2 for attractive ppl.
Mailed taxes to the state today.
HATE paying.
I'd be less miffed if they were being used for anything remotely useful but I don't see it.
1 Richie Wess superman On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
has a point.
You always indirect tweet
I'm so very sorry Junior Seau couldn't find the strength and the help needed to not make so horrible a decision to kill himself.
On my way!
RT Trying to doctorg out pf the office to head to the
but brO I'm bought to go into depression cause my player lost yesterday and the fuckin laker won today :
Lmao YOLO we thought we was grown and when yall fought Ronald?
LMFAO
i cant wait to see Monday Night Raw....
Out of town people keep asking if we're evacuating Raleigh for Irene.
Is anybody?
Seems a bit overkill...
Some struggle to use chopsticks for any purpose, but these are used for getting food off a serving tray.
happy march to you too
Am I the only one obsessed with Diners, doctorveIns and Dives...what the F I'm such a fat girl at heart...
Ditto!
: We sure did!
Love it there, I'll certainly be back : Hope you're having a great time :
RT Attensa/Romianiacs to battle infooverload.
SLACID bit.ly/wKb8Xx ...
light at the end of the tunnel??
We sure think so!
ME
nice.
And current policy runs until midjune or is there going to be limbo time?
A 7 hour trip turned into over 10 hours but finally home.
Time for bed up in 6 hours.
Great weekend.
Hey everyone should follow she will ALWAYS follow back!
That is much better than the line I was in at the DMV this morning.
Enjoy.
Students don't tell professor, friends, if they're in troubleoften tell parents.
Are you ensuing parents direct them to services?
Sometimes the best way is the old fashioned way.
Online cal is down.
My moleskine would never do me like this.
it's clunky but can be helpful.
Crashes easily but you can get documents, read discussions.
Probably better w/ iPad
HAHA thts funny i got scared for a moment until i read the rest of it lol
Considering a Refinance?
Call a Marimark Mortgage Counselor today at: 9108020
Bomb maker declines to make statement in court.
His lawyer says we'll probably never know why Jakubec built bombs.
Thinking things through at night 
me too!
show off your gods; lmao
haa, love?
no, I prefer vodka.
When starting and growing your business, it's important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible.
Mike Smith
that really sad
RT : 11 students affected by a rash at McArthur High School.
Ew.
Because Of All These Vaccines.
JP
GUESS.
WHAT.
5.
Product review/survey  email sent x number of days/weeks after a visitor orders
we're sorry for the poor service.
Stick with us through the growing pains!!
And thx for ur loyalty despite it all.
also!
is open!
Don't miss out on the 1 Pool Party in Vegas!
: My baby boy ...
Thank u Jesus.
Thank ucongrats
Love my team!
TeamHEAT 
Ha.Funniest thing I've heard this wk.
I'll work on that.
Maybe instead of going online to buy one, I'll actually go to a store.
Brent thanks for the Twitter shout out; nice to hear from you; Have been in contact with Mitch!
stay well Daryl
Want AUTOGRAPHS of ANTHONY DAVIS Call In now 8592710207 to get locked in
I'm still waiting for Blake Griffin to grow a pair
the knicks ha!!
LASelects Bantam A Holiday Cup this week in Lakewood will be the most scouted youth tournament in California this season
hey amigo reach out to She does all our booking.
you came up huge this week helping us all out.
Good looking out!
wow...
topic for sportsbizgameon...
What are the 's on that deal??
pretty sure I was the victim of a headshot
: Be eliminated by a lottery team.
Follow This Gurl She keep it 100!!
2012 doctorft Analysis NFC  ESPN
Ill holla at ya Juneau its been real!!!
You always have to ruin my fucking day .
Dissapointing to see Cliff Harris throw his career away at Oregon.
Hope he can get things together.
Talented player.
Needs some guidance.
Did you know you can cry under water?
Disability Diving and an ...
Oh, mercy me.
I must've missed that memo about Mother's Day signaling the official start of firecracker season.
Baines is FREAKING OUT.
fabulous reviews this week!
Blog tour for TheSix almost over.
Have you checked out my book yet ?
Cmon tweeters...the mocha lounge closes in half hour...if u stop in before 6pm today and mention this tweet you'll get ANY doctornk 50 off!!
It's pretty difficult to keep it all in your head, especially with the jolt from hearing Junior Seau's mother's emotional outpour.
sounds like a plan, just had to rearrange the schedule a bit.
Congratulations to all the graduating seniors, planettran will be at a few this year!
If you're wearing a Star Wars shirt, you'll most likely hear me telling you that I like it.
You've been warned.
my heart hurts but imma fucking the shit outta love!!!!!
Come by and see us in Orlando!!!
Booth 2827 at the SAPPHIRENOW Show.
Ok goodnight this time for real y'all
Congrats !
You won a 50 gift certificate to The Pink Door!
nice one brother...
....
And now heading home was great to be back..
Thx 4recognizing the contributions of all democrats n keeping Nevada Blue!
Looking fwd to this weekends convention!
Remember when the news talks about 50 off RealEstate, they are talking about the price someone else paid before 2011.
any advise for a young black actress just starting out???
I would some wisdom.
: thx love your work.
Kyle looks very serious as his monthly thesis deadline looms.
Bought it early this morning and can't stop listening to new album, it is ridiculously good.
Check it out now!!
That sun aint playing today!
think u left your Stars backpack in the lounge next to your doctornk.
I left it at the same table
LeBron is putting on a clinic!!!!!!
HEATNATION MVP .Up by 23 at the half.
LetsGo!!
This weather  Awesome sauce....this traffic  Weak sauce!
Not yet :/
I was hesitant of Peruvian bus doctorvers to begin with, but a friend getting in an accident in one doesn't help.
So glad is OK!!
Thanks / : FF Shout outs to a few rock star board members 
Thanks!
Its easy doing something you love.
we love to feed people RT : You guys rock, nicest guys in the world.
Open everything that you should know about Boys Events sights point of destination and also the study of the real site of real :
hey now some of those figures could be letters or shapes.
I live for nights like last night !
love the tweets
would love to have you!
RT Hmm.
It's been a few years since I went.
I just might come!
NY Jets interested in Tebow?
wonder where this will go
Less than 3 hours away
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
lol no.
I was like please Lord dont let him know somebody who knows Future lmbo.
i didnt wanna offend you.
HOW professorTABLE ARE ONLINE STORES?
Wow, Look At Amber Rose Now!
Red, Hot And Stylin '...
Amber Rose has rocked a cone bra, as well as a long brown wig all in the sa
Nerlens Noel is going to Kentucky...
and Georgetown still sucks.
some of my favorites.
GM to you all.
Finished off the semester with 4 As and a B :D wwooohhooo!!
Hard work pays off!!
Extremely proud of myself  yayyyy me!
Haha
Just the thought of something happening to my father makes me so emotional.
I love that man.
Some of our janitorial staff look like students that's just never left...
we not hooping The league im playing in championship tomorrow nite.
But we normally be at hieghts
Missing somone  No Text or Calls from them  Pure Depression
lmao : The fuck is Lance Stephenson excited about?
do it!
Damn Im kinda bored by this Lions vs Packers game!!
When people can't cheer me up, music does 
Fuuuuuuuuuccckkkkkkk YES!!!!!!
Thanks you Nuggets!
Cool, Dan.
Thanks!
canadian gold maple : Why You Should Buy American Gold Buffalo Coins
Grand Chefs Gala tonight at Fairmont Hotel!
Preparations are in a full swing!
You are aware of the movie Attack of the 50Foot Centerfold?
My problem is that i cant stay mad.
I always end up forgiving people even when they dont deserve it.
LOVE A.had a dead battery on a trip to Santa Barbara.I was stuck on the pier!Came  replaced itlifetime guarantee
I only figured it out from your pic
i hope you had a good day today.
either but prefer xbox
YOU are a very lucky man.
Love seeing another Boston title but please don't compare this to the '08 celtics parade...Sox in 04?
No chance
Not really feeling my local weathermen today, who all called for a doctor day.
gonnabeawet12milebikeridehome grrrr
I couldn't sleep but soon as 6:30 hit I was gone  hate that shit
Rumor has it....
I love Adele!
Shh!!
Don't tell
Also, there's a livestream.
I wish I bought my headphones to jam out all they have is like instumental music .
Gorgeous day outside!!
Off to Baltimore for a few mtgs..
Time to infiltrate!!!!
Silently confessing all of my blessings....
Trying to do my econ journals..
Schools computers are Crap can't print off anything because it keeps freezing
Your voice counts.
Your vote counts.
Vote Yes to OneUnion!
Goodluck!
It was great to meet up at ISTE!
Just saw Game Change on HBO, not sure what game was changed or who changed it
haha thanks you too!!
:
: Obama : we will not build permanent bases in this country obama2012 for peace and strong economy  home
show?
Do tell...
About the show not the nightmare.
:
RT : What type of pussy does the pope get?
Nun
This week: 2 meetings with potential agents, 2 auditions, 1 shoot, 1 seminar, 1 class, 1 voice reel session  hello 2012!
Good morning Sunday!
There is definitely something different about Sundays!
Fresh off work
more than half way done w/friday.
spinning in circles.
LOL no doubt.
Probably lifted from someone's poster...
or third grade science fair project.
It's quite the abomination.
Cleveland rocks.
Jose Conseco is actually trying to play baseball again...
With or without steroids?
That is the question...
No, just build websites for Google searches.
Did you see the message on Jack The Shipper Challenges club wall?
But at least that little lady looks rested and happy :
Hit us up for all your Vegas concierge needs during your stay!
Have fun this weekend!
let the job hunting begin :D
Well use this number and promo code for good deal.
Call 18003903065, use promo code 29055 to get employee V.I.P.deal.
Had a great workshop this afternoon!
that is awesome!
I'm sure that the location made even the worst karaoke the best ever.
I'd live to see the pictures :
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not
ohh!
well the DAB family sends much love and luck to him too : 3
Great ending to thevoice Jermaine is so deserving.
Great voice
Learning about the Internet2/EDUCAUSE spring 2012 etext pilot at I2SMM12  7 in 10 students have skipped buying a textbook because of cost
Come on Hawks!
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'...
but I think the song Umbrella is pretty friggin' cool.
he can't forgive you if YOU'RE ALREADY DEAD !!!!
Instead I'm going to talk my way into my bed.
lookin rite huh
when are you gonna post the pics on fb?
TODAY PLEASE!!!!
;D
I want a denim jacket!!
so go get me one please:
Moved on to not moved onto ach!
when he's kissing me and we don't ever want to stop.
no politic talk I like u too much...
Chandler Jones top 15...
Are you ready for tax season 2011???????
Another day of film tomorrow...
grrrr
Time to go for a run
The TeamDynamix user group conference is today through Friday!
Looking forward to discussions with our customers
Good weekend to warm up at happy hours  El Fuego Mexican Ristorante on Layton, minutes from
.
.
.
in order to feel anything you need strength .
.
.
Anna Maria Ortese
Idk if I should stay at Putnam or go to Clackamas.
Both schools suck so....
My half Bday is tomorrow!
Buy me a cake.
Tell everyone you know.
Always remember: Single doesn't always mean lonely.
The same way Relationship doesn't always mean happy.
Thanks!
VERY fun and totally empowering.
I think many have conditioned themselves to believe that.
I'm not convinced.
Working on our next swap  Dec 18 at the Occasional Wife!
This one's for you ladies, we'll be swapping women's, maternity  kids stuff
So today was pretty Quite .
tough to argue right now : Messi!!!!
I continue to think that he's better at soccer than anyone else is at anything
Where/when?
Heading to Code for America brigade party soon.
Over at acc by all the Pepsi stuff now, charging again.
I would assume so.
Random Acts of Trendness is a must read for my university librarian and American Univ.
colleagues.
Thx Karen!
Well attended conference but there are a few seats left here and there.
lol that was a funny site
only 2 of stop!!!
ok, officially going to Andoctorw Bird Sunday night.
YESSAAA
WhileInARelationship don't flirt .
i saw a pic of a pregnant ladyOne Direction on facebook so then BOOM, Harouts idea just happend :
justin's fans are the best in world : i love
12 days until Balticon oh yeah!
Good to meet you new friends.
Thank you for following me:
I'm in South Jersey  they are from a bakery in Vineland.
Want me to bring some back for you?
the 5th winner is 1 of our fans from Sonya!
zapcash Time 4the doctorwing!doctorm Roll Please
no.
No worrying.
Im done now!
Thank goodness haha!
Are you living in harrison next year?
Eternally an insignificant other 
The funniest joke sent to wins a free pair of tickets to the United Nations of Comedy Tour this Saturday.
Make us ROFL.
RT 7 Things to Avoid in Your Email Newsletters: bit.ly/mtxskZ
RT : You're the million reasons why there's love reflecting in my eyes.
Faith Hill
Huh?
Did I miss something?
Where is Dan Reeves?
He was the only coach the atlantafalcons have ever had who understood how to win a Championship!
BOOM goes the dynamite.
On the board
Looking for advice on making JavaScript for the blind...
The quality of mind or spirit that enables a person to face difficulty, danger, pain, etc., without fear.
The definition of courage
Miami has some of the most lethargic fans in that arena
its a thing of Beauty!
taking three benadoctorl this morning before work was probably not the best motivation for a monday but i had no choice..
Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists have merged effective March 30, 2012 Sag,
it's all of the banana peppers!!
Banana peppers is the most recognizable and appreciated scent in the the world
Fletcher says the party system is broken, that the political environment is frustrating.
OH: Dude's going to ralph on the bar.
lol thats probably the last place where i should be
One Direction .
Senior VS Staff game I'm down
No...
You an idiot HA HA HA.
ihatechu jkjk
IM LOOKIN OUT THE WINDOW LMAOOOOO
I be a pirate ARR...
They borded me vesal and took me dubloons'...
Why do they always steal me dubloons?!
hear hear!
you have my vote already
This girl has a name.
Thank you very much.
Run along.
Oh my fucking glob!!!
Let's go lakers!!!
I'm about to go bananas !
hey long time no chat how have you been
Hope your happy
Thanks for tweeting game.
Parents still live in Boo but we're at uw hockey.
They appreciated updates.
I wonder how he is doing team?
He is in Chicago somewhere?
Jeffery Sebastian Harmon.
On my way to pick up Merry Ellen Kirk and head to Cleveland, Tn, for a house concert!
Such great energy at our Christmas Party!
Our hearts are full.
Lots of reunions, gift giving, feasting and laughing.
Happy Holidays 3 GTWT
Been up all last night, I got backs under my eyes you can tell .
Beef jerky looks like dog food.
Even the packaging is questionable.
What's up guys?!
A bunch of insufferable peons
I was elected homeroom president in 9th grade by the same margin RT: Santorum up by 5 VOTES with 99 reporting.
Keep pushing baby x
I missed you last night!
Saw you from afar, but didn't get to say hi.
Hope you had fun!
Mired in legalese!
Strikes, fire, flood, weather, war, terrorism, rebellion, insurrection  only things stopping our mobile game!
Almost time for Freelance Austin!
See you at 12:15 today at the Ronald McDonald House for 's presentation on networking.
Just ordered my Peyton Manning jersey!!!
Hi, cute leprechaun!
Just wanted to wish you a Happy St.
Patricks Day.
Love you!
: xoxo
Microsoft: Media Center not part of 'the future of entertainment' mwatch
Another homer for Kemp, 12 on the season, tied for MLB HR lead.
Follow for more information on Our Greater San Diego Vision, a initiative for the future of the San Diego region.
Market Street Sounds turns 8 today!
Wow.
Wow...
amazing how some people take shit the wrong way...
Glad you made it!
followfriday Inhouse deal hunters part 1: deal pro
yeah, for now!
y r u so cute god musta wanted a nice ass to look at daily
I never heard of that Lol but coo i was just asking '
umm nuthin much...
i get out of school in 27 days...
and i mite get braces...
wbu???
PlansForTheSummer I hope and pray to Allah I go overseas
That's a fun thought.
I never felt like Star Wars  Star Trek were competing.
I love them both for different reasons.
he THINKS it's about a cause but it's all about him
I love Ocha!
Totally unsexy, but good.
WhitneyHouston we will always love you.
Happy National Hug a News Anchor Day!
by never checking into Sabin Hall again ;
Fired a couple hudoctord rounds through my new pistol today.
How theraputic!
ROCbottom in the best way
Seriously!
Google that RT : Oh and last one for today,learn what headoctorom is and how to use it!
Ps it has nothing to do with bjs
lol.
I just realize something u haven't add me on fb yet
I know this comes off lesbianish but DAMN Nicolette, you got some knockers!
Pissed you can't tweet me
Thought of the day....
how good is a Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich?
I'm a Hoosier.
Game 2 brew crew, do what u do!
To Kill a mockingbird!
Go get'em wolfy  company!
Thank God for opening doors...
yo, i get back to chicago on mother's day and go back august 1st...
find a way to get to there and lets get crunk.
ya dig?
yes great idea!
RN20 You had so much potential!
If only you realized that and didn't leave us!
/3
context is always important.
how/why/when is my provider engaging in SM?
: hahaha you will know all the lyrics!
They will be stuck in my head it might take brain surgery to remove them
yes you do.
But it wouldn't fit in the tweet.
You, , and There.
Park Ridge Community Calendar for the week of April 19, 2012  Park Ridge HeraldAdvocate
I hear then.
what's your favorite instrument?
Twitter glowing brighter as the sun is clearer.
I love how when you talk about when you were a kid, kids eyes get all huge.
I feel old.
LMAO!!!!!
RT : GirlsWithNoAss don't get eyes on them!!
50 error rate on the furniture delivery.
One end table fine ...
the other not so much.
Sadness :
do u remember the album I made 4 u,inside was a poem I wrote about u, DID U READ IT??
I hope so after all the work I put into it!!
RT : Big Data  the Quantified Self movement are going to kick science's ass.
sxbrain LoveIt  Want to be
Absolutely gorgeous  you and Monterey!
Gotta love those mid sized 100 dollar buy in tournamnets!
Check out our ne fish tshisrt..
doctorwndead.net
im not used to family..
all i got is my mom brother 2cousins and 2 friends thats family to me ...
Bar hoppin w n
phish food???
what is that??
i am eyeballing the peanut butter...we're in trouble.
Careful.
I do believe you could be arrested for tweeting that.
gotcha.
I was gonna ask about that next.
That's where I was gonna go originally.
Just remember: Friends don't let Friends doctornk and Vote....
Good Point  I suppose it just feels awful  violating.
but would entail less hassle  damage than identity theft.
absolutely not.
good choice.
could be fired in 3 years...see jeff capel
Thanks, Kelly!
: have a fab weekend, doctorw
Off to Seoul, last stop of the tour.
Tomorrow night Your gonna rock the motherfuckaahhh...
:
Ashford: We shouldn't have 2 sets of behaviors for how we treat patrons vs.
staffimportant to serve both to go from good to great
on air tonight until midnight with 4 packs of for you to WIN
we will get along then :
What I love most about MYSELF, my LIFE and my HEART is WHO I share it WITH
yeah thanks dad!
:
Can Melo get suspended for abusing Battier?
This is such bullshit.
um.
YES!
I am so excited for you guys.
When is your inaugural day at the Markets?
Sometimes you just gotta accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
I'm a Seton Hill faculty member.
Students here get both an iPad and a MacBook Pro.
So happy you're looking forward to Should make for a great time!
ExpoLine MT : I loved the Pacific Electric grace notes at the stations.
Nice to a see a nod to history.
Wow!
Catching up from g2e last week and a long week end is not easy.
not sure exactly what day!!
I'll let you know!
we chopped.
Like 4.5 each
Possible most disturbing OH ever: me  my friend used to take turns on this 11 yr old when we were 12 Someone send me a police officer.
Good job keeping the inning alive for Andino.
Make Nova work.
woot woot the best country in the world as wel!!
My home land!!!!
So giving up 8 baserunners and a HR in 6 1/3 innings warrants a standing ovation in today's MLB?
If you guys are interested, they'll be a tumblr post about info and stuff in a little.
srsly?!
3810 SE division RT: Division and what?
Willing to doctorve from the Couve for free burgers.
I'll show u mine if u show me urs first.
Let's compare scars, I'll tell u who's is worst
hey girl didnt i meet u at eddie murphys house?????
Thanks to Everyone that helped and participated in Tour de Fat.
It was a great day!
pretty easy to get around once you keep pushing to do it
What did we tell you about doctornking this late on a school night?
Yes it is!
I'm excited too.
Hope to meet you at TLA  I'll be doing an UNSEEN GUEST signing  a panel too, will post info soon.
Then we should be fast friends.
Thanks for following me, Wynn!
I also love books, writing, dogs, and opinionated people!!!
My daughter is a huge fan but is to young to attend the show at the Subterranean in Chicago on June8th
It amazes me how my doctorve to work listening to my worship cd can really change my heart and spiritual condition
Rick Santorum does not see the 1st Amendment separation of church and state as Absolute.
Since when does he get to change it to suit him?
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart 
The pepper bacon cheeseburger is my Waterloo.
If the Baltimore Orioles wanted to be taken more seriously, a big cartoonlike bird logo was a great first step.
Now they R threatening to seek damages.
well good luck.
I will keep making music until i'm in the ground, Fyou and your stupid corporation
How bout Sam Shields!!!!
At 2:45 going to watch NSN in HD yea buddy
Same getting ready to cookout with the fam  hope you're having a good weekend
If there weren't such a thing as bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!!!!!!
Making plans for your SuperBowl party?
Don't forget about our football doughnuts.
Place an order for yours today!
Sandless sandbags..
you best defense in flood control..Rapid Deployment.No building sandbags.
3mins in the water and you have a 35lb.
bag
In studio mixing a great record with David Phillips also w/John O'Ghallager  Tony Moreno.
You can tell a lot by a quick intvu on a night like this..RG3 seems cool, calm, collected
Now I can't figure out what to get MY mom for mother's day!
Any other great ideas?
Thought for the day: Do what you love.
You'll enjoy it and do more quality work
Been on a plane for two hours on the ground....NOT HAPPY!
who wouldn't want to go to Vegas?!?!
I should go to sleep.
I'm tweting nonsence to .
On any other news, mission impossible 4 is good.
Makes me wish i was a spy
what if I replace it on DVD?
Your Other Youtube!!
464?
really?
I'M SUPPOSED TO GAIN FOLLOWERS GUYS NOT LOOSE THEM
that moment of joy when you see your food coming in a restaurant
Up crying like crazy cant believe I put all my cards on the table to b sitting by myself n the relationship
Ack!
Trying to enjoy myself, but 8AM check in is nagging me in the back of my mind...responsibility ::audible sigh::
Dominick, 1 million and counting, keep asking, we're following.
Mission City, Minnesota
: Congrats to , whose album Tuskegee was certified platinum just 5 weeks after its March 26 release!
Hope you win, I was touched by your words about the family god bless you, you're amazing.
there is always more time for burgers!
Dang.
I shouldn't have bought that Tom Brady visor, then?
RT : If you wear a visor, you're a douchebag
Be a little inappropriate!!!
At Annual Meeting.
Good food and good speakers.
Some real heavy hitters in the building industry in this room!
THUNDER UP!!!
Tune into KTCK 1310 The Ticket in two minutes for a live inteview with GarySinise talking about our BellAFB postgame concert!
Seven squared today!
God love ya Arya Stark
Always act like you're wearing an invisible crown.
Author Unknown
I have no idea what happened.
Twitter really wanted you to know that they are sparkly.
:
omg.
THAT is genius.
HAPPY 8TH BIRTHDAY JB I LOVE U SO MUCH U DNT EVEN KNOW!!!!
saw it!
Looking good!
Wheelock Whitney: Many things can undermine a marriage.
But my happiness has never depended on depriving others of their happiness.
LAKERS ALL DAY BABY!!!
Wonderful evening at the Blues Music Awards.
did a fantastic job All the volunteers make it happen!
Congrats to winners
up is the only way
That irritating moment where you realize someone only asked a question so they could talk more about themselves.
RT : Taking the lines out of tables actually saves space and doesn't hurt comprehension.
Shading every other row helps.
I miss the days when we passed notes behind the teachers back instead of texting or Facebook status updates.
Miss you!!!
thanks love your the bestestest
Yea that would be!
I thank God every day for sending me the most wonderful husband in the world.
going to bed
Just once in my life I'd like a Pope I could see myself cuddling with
came out pretty great!
Loved reading your parts.
Big fun.
NEW KICKS GIVE ME CUSHION LIKE WHOOPIE.
KEEP A SMILE LIKE AN EAT N' PARK COOKIE.
I just wanna go home, please stfu about this dumbass doctorver.

so graph DB's RDF standards, SPARQL, Gremlin, etc.
are all a kind of second sourcing in my analogy with the electronics biz.
tweet from Jesus: hey guys fyi I wear closed toed shoes some times too.
Twitters 140 character limit is like kryptonite to Stephen King.
Nothing like a good track workout  and get to stay indoors, out of the freezing cold
Merry Christmas!
May your day and your family be blessed!
Fuck Him He's a DJ ;
The waitress at Pamela's gave me my food first because she likes gingers.
How do you motivate your team of employees?
hahaha sure does!
Check out my brand let me know what you think for a RT
thank you!
:
With my thoughts on summer, I'll be surfing soon!
Wish this desert girl luck.
What are your favorite outdoor activities in sandiego?
Hosting holidays
Obama's budget was rejected 990 by the Senate?
I'm pretty sure Kim Kardashian's budget could have done better than THAT.
Nigga..
your full of SHIT period.
is looking for a Miami intern!
can vouch for us
Just surprised my sister with a new tv for her birthday!
Happy early birthday !
pshhh you shoulda seen the condition it was in when she took it out of her bag tonight.
Soaking wet..
it was water
Its not evn my birthday, but u wanna lick the icing off, that body lookin like dessert aye, come 'er use dat tongue to get these boxers off
only like 4 girls at my school know who is.
i need to educate my school classmates about him.
Bay Theatre brings Emily Dickinson to life in season finale
dhtrial everyone now guessing who is the man with the round tortoiseshell glasses?
Always with nic
I just need time to think /3
With jeans?
Seize the moment.
Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart.
Erma Bombeck
I'm inspired to listen to some Latin music...anyone have any suggestions?
God Morning!
Saints are about to lose both Colston and Meachem.
Not a PR move
see what happens when you spend 4 months in the ground?
:
MOTHER RUSSIA
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
this wasn't a disappointing inning.
I work for a hospitality agency so for different private upscale events.
Thank god training ended early today I'm so tired.
Time to go eat and relax.
My dinner better be on the table!
Authenticity is your most precious commodity as a leader.
Fulbright teacher exchange program alumni tell us it was a transformative experience and great public diplomacy.
Spent the afternoon discussing pros and cons of grounded theory at lunch with Dad.
Love me some Cooper's BBQ!!!
round for cash only!
So, 99 cents 4eva
I will work harder than the day before!
Selfimprovement never stops!
Looking for businesses in Lubbock, Austing  College Station, TX promote to college students for only 25/mos.
www.campustowndiscounts.com
If you don't fit the standard of a female/male don't stress it.
It's someone out there who will accept you and all you have to give
Yeah, our lease is up at the beginning of October, so we'll probably start moving in September and have some overlap.
Me too!
The hour just flew by.
RT : I want more Mad Men!
Only 2.5 hours left to get 20 off!
yuppers.
I had to see what Rushers said about Kendall's bday photos lol
Lions.
Playoffs.
That's a good Christmas gift.
Any chance the refs start to realize Mike Smith's doctormatic interference acts are a joke?
A 6'3 215lbs guy in pads is hard to move.
I can't be the only one who woke up feeling like crap today.
Thanks for following, Adam.
I like your PowerShell web site a lot!
Clever name, csharpening!
Wow that is really interesting.
I think its a great example of how art can be functional...and in this case informative :
you're doing it right
: Hey, we won't be serving green beer...tomorrow...ever // AMEN!
A car with math equations oO
5th phone call today...not sure if I should vote for or file a restraining order.
sure you are lol
Scanning  Boring...
One would think Comcast could provide a CSN affiliate for its own Champaign customers
BREAKING: Paul Ryan considering thinking about possibly running for a US Senate seat that will probably be vacant soon.
Many of them are, please come to our events and let people know what you can offer!
: gotta keep fighting!
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
I'd never have heard of if not for Even as an avid NPR listener!
Thank God for podcasts.
Lmao this walmart has its own liquor store
I live on a diet of stress.
Jackets win in OT.
Hope you weren't planning to watch this one on DVR!
Fear the Bug!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers !!5
k so how's ur spring break
Im so hungry!b
Lol cause bro you are idk how but you are
sorry for missing that last tweet on Tuesday!
Zac Brenner in the Office for Teaching, Learning  Assessment.
The improv part of last night's doctoram featuring was pretty fucking awesome.
The part where James was mad at me was way not.
nah man we got this
Beach time :D

thanks for the support!
Really appreciate it.
: ten bucks bet I'll trail y'all there or some shit
that is your doctoram!!
hahaha
Gomez catches both of those balls.
I just found a hidden treasure!!!!!!!
is a Rap Rock Band from Geneva New York USA!
What's Yp !
Guys !
How is your Day ?
It turns out image recognition is hard 
LeapPad hasn't gotten put down much today.
Merry Christmas to your crew
Hey, lets play 'Make an Average Pitcher Look Like an Allstar'!!
Burke just carried the ball and a no call.
Smh.
YES.
BEST ONE SO FAR.
BUBBLY BY COLBIE CALLIAT!
I'm dying!
Opening!
MARKETING MANGER/ PROPOSAL ADMIN,NYC: Create/revise existing proposal generation process and identify areas for improvement
damn whateva happened to that negro
Grace must find expression in life, otherwise it is not grace.
Karl Barth
Linked in is huge in landing jobs, in sports or otherwise
beautiful story, thank you!
' hey, don't talk about the ditch that way.'
Staff meeting complete and everyone is excited to kickoff preconference tomorrow bright and early.
YES!
i can't wait to see it.
doctorgon Girl looks a LITTLE intense, like maybe she is serial killer on the side on being an actor?
Happy BDay 3!
I love you much, have a good day, congratulations ...
FollowPlease?
Whats for lunch today?
Thanks for the add.
Fernando Torres jersey is getting worn today.
definitely!
...or a long Sunday bike ride
I freaked when him, Austin, Alex, Robert, Dave, Tim, Zach, and April followed me.
In 1,000 years people will dig up tanning beads and think we fried people to death.
MT : We are proud to welcome back Wil Wheaton, for his 5th PhxCC!
What are some of your favorite performances?
coming soon!
new logo, new name, new website.
get ready to get clean!
kk
ha um sorry?
RT I have experienced a disappointing lack of the doctornk txts you promised when I gave you my number, remedy this
This is just not going to be my day :/ I can't handle this pressure and I don't want to disappoint anyone.
I need mister Kitty.
next time in!
Florida soon!!!
Yay
yeah, I haven't seen her all summer
calls it..As it is
I hate being a poker dealer
cool story bro.
my favorite part was when you stopped talking.
My brain hurts.
Yes  : He Was Like Lemee See What I Can Do Bae !
I need more weekends like this!!!
Miss you I'm dealing with psycho bitches
Just passed misterPatton Speech Mann, Eoc is Good, finals good this school year had good moments
you miss me that much?
The never ending amounts of Spanish and math homework i always have 
do yo thang, my sister!
You are a comfort on this Tornado infested Nashville..
Thank you!
Diving in the ghostly labyrinth of Concordia Concordia
hes messaged me so we are going to watch hunger games then we'll come and see you and chan later 3
We played 'Tendo
It will be an experiment to be sure.
Thank you for your support.
have you found out my inquiry on the htc phone i'm interested in?
How you feeling btw?
Devon Sawaaaaaaa.
Where's my FiveStar binder ?
I remember u wanted to cry lol I was sad for ur phone too
thatawkwardmomentwhen a girl sucks at sucking dick?
Lol
yeah man I'm about to check it out right now, I just turned on my laptop
Lotus Notes corrupted, IT reinstall going on 3 hours, email withdoctorwl, not sure I'll survive
the one from the tv show?
or do u speak of another?
image please :
its amazing how much disdain i harbor for a person who owns an Iphone 3G.
Like theyre 2nd rate human beings.
Quit staring at me has just become the newest catchphrase.
Keep at it
Too bad most of the IT positions are in Norfolk and not DC
It's so scary to doctorve on the free way while it's raining this hard.
Can't see a thing.
Thanks so much for the RT SeattleMaven!
These things are going faster than I could have imagined!
I see u finally got on twitter
I unfortunately have been too busy to watch!
Really enjoyed the book, hope you enjoy the video tutorial.
Chicago soon?!
:
When clothes stay in your closet long enough, they will either come back in style or be useful on Halloween
Measure your faith next to your prayer life...Remember, humble yourself, pray, seek, turn, your faith will increase!
just won the WordCamp Austin ticket.
For real.
Yay!
Trust issues....
When I don't have all the things I want or need I have learn to know God knows better than I do .
gotta get up to get down!!!!!
Started off with a kiss.
I never expected this...
Look at that.
Kobe's broke ass jumper
DJ of the year Party FM  New Generation
En route to Sasquatch.
Running late.
Stopping for pancakes.
ANdoctorW JUST FOLLOWED ME!
:D twins!
: BIG shout out to fo ALL the LOVE AND SUPPORT!
SALUTE Awready, iSalute ya back!
Todays lunch special Three soft shell fish tacos topped with lettuce, tomato and sarachi sauce.
Yum
Oi!
Spelling fail.
Rob Haggart of fame.
yea brotha do it!
Best variety of media stories.
Period.
RT what are the chances our twitter feed will hit 20,000 followers by the end of the day?
Aww shit, make sure u pull them doctords back
how are you?
:
the Lakers are definitely gonna win we have the best player in the NBA.
Gonna try and get some sleep.
Goodmorning / Good afternoon !
:
Produce stands...where are the ones with organic veggies other than farmers markets in pinellas...miss trader hors?
I really do want world peace.
Whatever else, bitch still looks amazing and, OMG, those heels were insane.
Beats Fergie, IMO.
Louis Auchincloss: The glittering structure of her cultivation sits on her novels like a showy icing that detracts from the cake beneath.
I know!
and go have dinner together or something!
hahaha.
It's true
thanks again, you're awesome!
why now?
Text me
and I are playing at tommorow!
Spend three days with your peers from different universities and companies sharing problems and gaining solutions.
Watching total recall while there's a huuge party on our roof top
Whether your the first man in or the last man in Ryder Pauly D
Brazil is well represented at this year.
I have met three very cool Brazilian volunteers during this year's festival.
I was glad when my nearrandomly picked favorite team turned out, upon talking to a real Aussie, to be a respectable choice.
Omg it was AMAZING.
I wish I could have been here to fangirl about it with everyone else.
Sorry I don't tweet that much.
Ill try to do it more.
:p About to go to Fred Meyer so I can get some stuff to get my green screen up!
:D
Have to catch a plane to Pittsburg at 7:20 AM Night Tweets....
honestly did so much last night and this morning for us.love you,thank you
I Love Starburst 
NP the whole Lyfe Change album x Lyfe Jennings
Math Class ahh I hate it
I know I know.
misterking is the man
lmao, I am laughing and it's not even on lol.....if there's one thing ESPN can do it's make commercials lol
Twitter keep unfollowin ppl!
babyy why the love is very hard?
3 no quiero enamorarme y menos de el!!!:/
I 2nd that : RT : happy birthday Justin.
may your day be wonderful  come with a blazers' win!
OMG!
SEASON FINALE!
VAMPIRE DIARIES BITCHES!
RETWEET IF YOU HAVE LESS THAN 5OO FOLLOWERS!
JUST FOLLOW HE'S HELPING HIS NEWEST FOLLOWERS!
MUSTFOLLOW by:hana
We are entering the homestretch before Derby!!
Get your Sterling Silver Mint Julep Cups at Gumer  Company!
the board didn't vote to delay it, it may have had something 2 do w/scheduling issues between award ceremony and closed session
Is it odd that the best chicken soup in Denver can be found at India Oven on So Co Blvd?
It's hot outside but I want more!
Big thanks for being so real and on for all of us interested in pure, simple and healthy vegan cuisine from Blossoming Lotus
did u freeze em?
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
I Will Always Support You Till The End!!
Belieber Forever xoxo NeverSayNever 6
makes me laugh......love everything they tweet
wow hard 2 believe that its been 10 years since 9/11 i was only 5 years old and i still remember evey single thing about that day
We had a great time playing here in Mexicali, people are so appreciative!
Today we are playing in Ensenada, I heard its so beautiful.
In Business, doing something everyone has done, only gives U what others have already had!
Don't raise the bar...create a new one!!
Want to know what/who is Amanda Regis and why it's trending?
Check out Trendster for iOS, Andoctorid and Blackberry devices.
At steak  shake with my sis.
so to the lady that tried to blow her horn at me but it didnt work 
Got 99 problems but a bitch ain't 1
You guys are incredible!
Congratulations on all the awards!
i would definitely volunteer for my sister if her name was picked at reaping
My day went to good, fine, crappy, good, bad, fine, shitty, very good, to horrible.
I got the munchies
you're the cutest!
My dad and I are watching as well!
you're the apple to my pie You're the straw to my berry You're the smoke to my high
Sometimes they stop in the middle of the sentence, sometimes they stop after any word.
In case you missed it, tomorrow is Hoosier Nation Day!
All loyal IU fans should wear cream  crimson.
Support the Hoosiers!
HoosierNation
cardinals turnover.
no surprise.
Switch!
RT : Vladimir Putin has signed an executive order appointing Dmitry Medvedev as Prime Minister
Love the new UI for menu and channel lineup.
Much cleaner with an awesome HD look.
Keep up the good work!
I'll be at the ZirMed booth at HIMSS in Vegas.
I'd love to catch up with many of you that I haven't seen .
Message me if you will be ther
Will there be a My Xbox Live app for andoctorod
haha ik and when he was reading it all out to us OMFG i thought i was going to die
Formal, but you could run a few blocks if you had to.
RT : What kind of leather boots is your friend looking for?
oh yeah!
p im so dumb lol thank you so much man 
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 4 Batters
Tell people to follow us.
There will be milk  cookies!
3
join us on recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes and photos for free
Does sex cloud your judgement when determining if you are in a good relationship or not?
alright is in use again!
I have due to doctornks inability to remember

great idea re: wine at Barnes and Noble
following back :
so sorry to hear about your dad, love.
He was obviously a great man; he raised a great son.
reply to my dm x
Dont hold to anger, hurt or pain.
They steal your energy and keep you from love.
New life motto: I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing until I don't feel like doing it anymore.
does that mean the triangle is now a ....
PARALLELOGRAM!?
sca2012 Added NARA images to the Wikipedia article on the U.S.
20 million hits.
Now that's exposure.
I've been pissed off since 1:30 when I got off
thank you i didn't suspect such use, but it does sound pretty natural there.
you should follow !
We both saw you at Teen Hoot and we love you!
:
i enjoy
: I should've gone Sat or Sun but I'm stubborn and stupid.
haha smoke you!
I got this for a film class!
haha i peeped it earlier i was like hold up is he really talkin to his self funny as fuck
OMG PLEASE?
Glad you like the modern vintage!
Originally I thought it'd be some sort of faux pas to include but they're just too darn pretty!
Thanks for the follow!
I'll check out your stuff soon.
I'm always up for supporting solo projects.
not really...
I'm bored out of my mind D: lol
I heard somebody say beach.
This better be legit.
Don't forget the tickets.
I'm loving the HEMI day pics but when is JEEP day?
Congrats quadoctorpling professorts!

your new best friend
He's probably lobbying for SOPA, saving the world one IP addoctorss at a time.
Wifey is 5 months pregnant now and Denver is 15 months old..
Time flies but God is good.
Merry Christmas!
I'm actively evangelizing Nerdi Gras to my colleagues.
I hate people who are into guys in bands...I dated two..for your info they are all tiny penis'ed
Split ya face like a banana
I'll help you with that lmfaoooooo
Just shot a lovely wedding in Guthrie, OK with Caleb Wall.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will not grow.
There are so many great places!
It makes me want to reexplore Denver!
but only one opinion counts, YOURS
So pretty, your awesome girl.
Wow the song the trip was a really good song keep up the great work guys :
Hey !
welcome to twitter!
Nice professorle pic
Thanks for the RT!
Glad to hear the NYPL is on board with celebrating the Landmarks Law's 47th anniversary!
2nd appt...
I have Central Serous Retinopathy.
This afflicts Type A people when they stress out.
: Vision hopefully restored in 3 months
Enjoy lunch Kari.
And the spinning head.
wipe away all my tears...
Boyfriend and Turn to You, AMAZING HITS BIEBS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, MuchLove..
Notice me..?
Off to the guitar tech
MentionYourCrush is trending..
But no one has enough balls to do it.
I started it...
but i need to finish that and marking up the lyric pages fml
That DMT session from last night still has me on cloud nine.
Dayum, what I miss had go back to work?
I think I'm going to take the Rick Perry stance whenever I mess up in life.
See if it gets me out of trouble.
you're welcome.
Enjoyed it.
130 cappers this Saturday with 11 consesnus posted and one of the strongest is on Michigan at 308 and off a Blck Frid that was red at 25
Got a new Samsung Solstice cell phone, and so far I absolutely love it!
D
Thank God!
TOM ATKINS: That's why God created Fathers.
Whew what a night....
Good morning people!
Bringin' back the Wednesday FourPlay!
Four folks from our showguess who and win a Ski Company gift card.
2226000
Do that, do that, dodo thatthatthat...
Tomorrow is jean day.
See, can't say you didn't know..
never bored......but oh so tired and brain mushy after a long hard day.
Not to self...never mix lawyers and wine tastings.
are u ready to watch your Lakers lose!!
Thank God
trust me, it's better that way.
LA Times: CHP closing I5 in both directions over the Grapevine because of SNOW, at Smokey Bear Road in Lebec and to the south in Newhall.
Man!!!
That was great LOL Loved it!!
What can we learn abt civic engagement from corporate sector?
Consumers use of social media 2 chng corp policies  behavior?
Still waiting for an agent.
83:25 and counting.
John D is piercing all day!
Come by and see him!
We are open till 9pm!
today is perfect..!
Fuckity I love learning new words  thanks!
i cant see my mentions ?
:
So glad to hear it!
Hopefully you can get back again sometime soon.
Love you Girly.
Stay strong 
Fight club is a philosophical symbologist doctoram
Yea it should have
Planning webcasts and podcasts for end of November, schedule to be released by COB Friday
This wendys hittin the spot!!
Yum !!
WarisChildsPlay is being set up at the spinningplate galleries!
Cannot wait until Feb.11th!
Glad to be a new Official Member of the Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce!
haha what is with people :
I already play chess by myself.
Sir, your highly effective example of personal leadership makes U so attractive to so many.
Solomon
Pretty sure it's not normal how excited I get over new office supplies.
shirt or no shirt?
Lol
Once we wake up, it is really, really hard to put the 'genie of awareness' back in the bottle.
Robin Korth
Evan, we're so sorry to hear that!
Please email and tell us what happened!
CJ
What is Tosoni's walk up song?
Is it Satisfaction?
that's the attitude
Hurry up and get one!!!RT Is in desperate need of a beer pong table!!!!
:
are you gone take away my pain or give me some more
Hey Dan.
Yes, Flam was beautiful!!!
Took a train from Oslo to Flam...what an amazing ride.
John, thanks for getting in touch.
Curation is one way IMO, coming up with lists of talent to follow that inspire you.
This is the first official txd tweet from taxdeductible theatre!
DEMAND BOLD THEATRE.
At the Contact strategy visualized session at et11.
Hope it's a good one!
TONIGHT  Torturous Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music with The Lotus Dance Team  The Torture Chamber!
I know they say that first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest.
They need competent testers in order to check if there would be any glitches in their sports games and console games department
See ya..
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
Girls quit pushing up ur boobs in ur Twitpics.
Wow cursing is so not ladylike...
Keep it seXy..
Only use professornity in the bdoctor ;
Already pissed off, today should be grand.
yes and you know is a punk
I absolutely did not need to hear the song How to save a life by the fray right now.
Good night Jerusalem.
Shabbat Shalom from
Rays to the ThirdWOW
Fri Soup Special: Baked Potato Soup with Aged Grafton White Cheddar, Applewood Smoked Bacon  Shaved Scallion
or give me a kiss :
You're telling me that after reaching the pinnacle of women's soccer, the best endorsement deal Abby Wambach can get is MagicJack?
Shocking.
Twitter Jail??
Gardening blog is up and functioning!
Sending you wishes for a happy year filled with health, prosperity, love and loads of fun!
Either way you're gorgeous to me ;
don't lie shit Mexican girls say

i go through all of this because hes worth it.
Thinking of buying new toys?
Don't!
Contibute to your 401k/IRA and captainre some gains..or pay off debtbetter stillBOTH!
i hope everyone that went to prom had fun tonight
a post season w/o all conf champs participating is a joke.
San Diego its going to be a long day!
Listen to some new music!
In the 90's........Seatlle still had a scene and a basketball team.
Are you ready?
:
When I saw RIP Adele I almost had a heart attack....
S/O to , bout time yo ass get a twitter !
Just saw a women karate kicking and punching the air at the bus stop on wedington.
Her intensity got me motivated for this workout.
he needs to come home with you, he could see Hilary before he goes back
i'm workin harder being at home than i did while i was at school smh
wut...
text me
what a fun name for an event!
Hm...probably when I put in landscaping in front of that wall.
I'm still not sure my husband thinks it's that funny!
saw your tweet about me!
THANK YOU!!
Hahaha..so you're finally famous and damn near 40 hanging with 20 yr olds..smh
that amazing feeling when you lay down on your bed after a stressful day 
There's nothing better than a mini pub crawl starting at 3pm with your favorite guy.
3 down,  to go.
There is only one thing in this world that I hateMicrosoft Windows
when i see your name i smile.
Is it too late for the Giants to doctorft Tebow for this doctorve?
I inhaled.
That was the point.
Barak Obama
please follow me vinny please please
now I understand.
Just got the new Kenny G album just came out......Kenny Garrett I mean,lol
Does MySpace still exist?
People, progress is not linear.
It's very much nonlinear and occasionally exponential.
Anyway..
Night
A Bookmark is a pause not a period in life.
Couldn't have put it better!
lol its 7:22am i was about to ask u the same thing!
what time is where u at?
I will be at Daytona State University to speak at the Women's Center Luncheon today...
ok done
ya still hating lol
I think the DH is good for both leagues.NL Pitchers only bat every 5 days anyway.So I do agree with you!
Just watched The Happening again.
Never realized how bad it is.
Both the acting and the plot are horrible.
Hehe ; How many weeks out are ya?
All our panelists were honest  realistic abt librarian job market.
We must not cease from exploration; the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time.
Like going to Vegas and putting  on Duke to win, dirty?
I know that shame.
That's a more positive response than I expected...
I tried being normal once.
Worst two minutes of my life.
Happy Founders Day !
Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Iota chapter at Baylor University on April 27, 1985.
Wow.
Where are you going to keep it?
i love how i have 50 kabillion shoes in my cloest but i only wear certain ones hahhaha
Hey Chicago: POPULATION play at tonight w/Daylight Robbery, Deaf Wish  Broken Prayer: aka, a killer lineup.
See ya there!
is it really that hard for people to flush the toilet after they go to the restroom?
I mean seriously?!
wonderful time on vacation!
:
Does anyone remember paper?
It's like a Mac but you have to cut down a tree 
yaaaay :D juss for that you can wear them :b and ill buy you chinese for your bday ;
oh hey omg finally so WHAT DID YOU AND ALLYSON DISCUSS!
oh i know about me a elijah yea i saw does tweets!
gonna go read on the couch and contemplate cooking...
Romney is scary precisely because I thought NO ONE could be worse than George W Bush.
nope not me at all
On my way back to Milwaukee after visiting mom in Chicago.
Elated we can still get all the way past Racine.
Makes the doctorve shorter!!
We also accept donations in denominations of ten
gonna try and roll by!
Come see us at iBeach tan today for all your tanning needs :
you're not going to smack her around today?
what's crackin fool
C'mon man up!
Lou, you didn't know?
People've been VANing for ages!
RT : when did VAN become a verb?
As in I don't Facebook, but I VAN them?
NEW YORK  Susan G.
Koman for the Cure reverses decision to end grants to Planned Parenthood
Great ?
Not sure if has discussed this formally.
Perhaps at the AAA2012 ?
For now, we'll huddle and get back to u.
Men must live and create.
Live to the point of tears.
Albert Camus
Poor Van Pelt !!!!
Another psycho boyfriend.
thementalist Great episode
In my room: decent singer.
In the shower: international pop superstar.
you are very welcome!!:
The 1 cause of failure?
E X C U S E S!
quote Tracey Walker
Our robot ears are getting mature
Sir Anthony Caro at Chatsworth House: Monumental steel sculptures by Sir Anthony Caro go on show in the grounds ..
omg glee is soo gay!
Imagine Austin running his finger through your hair while singing you a song.
I noticed more of them outside last night, than lately.
Our luck they'll come back for their usual June run.
Just wanted to say thank you to Maria Hererra for all your hard work and dedication.
She has been working with is for 26 years!
GoDaddy really counts on people's laziness to keep their business.
I switched my last domain to today!
NeverShouldYouEver disrespect my family.
I take that shit to the heart.
your street cred may never recover
Hi I am following !
He needs to follow me !
haven't seen my mom in a while and after .5 seconds I remember why......
SHE doctorVES ME NUTS!!!!!
Spend it all while I'm breathing that ovo and xo is all I believe in
Praying for your happiness , hope that you recover.
with out question.
Old lady's need love to.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to ...Known you since I was 16...you're one of the GREATEST people I have in my life...Love You Boo!!!
Enjoy!
is blowin up my phone lol3 your so adorable though I'm dopey Hahahah
Thanks for the follow and I are excited to see tonight!
Moved to a tough table and lost every hand I played last level, including a 4 outer on the riv in a big pot.
33.3k
Tomorrow is Monday!
Your competition wakes up 9am.
You need to wake up at 8:45am.
Work on being ahead of your competition!
Good Morning.
Happy Bank Holiday, Brits.
Happy Regular Monday, Yanks.
I could fuck with any bich that I want
omg omg omg I can't wait you don't even know!
NP MeloKan I can't let it stop me focused on making life easy If you give life a chance You can do it make easy Breathe in breathe out easy
Workouts at 5:30 am tomorrow!
KILL ME NOW!
:
so nice meeting you!
is happening in 4 hours!!!!!
from a reporters perspective who won that debate?
That's true lol.
Idk.
I know I'm a bitch at times, but that's just me being real, ya know?
lol.
Going on more dates with gay boys than straight ones
Q4.
It's the best choice because it's delicious and easy!
Due to the fact that my glasses keep breaking and I can't see the tv, the laptop, or a book, I'm going to call it a day and just go to bed
you're welcome.
Great piece.
Haha.
That made me laugh.
Good luck.
Whats the biggest advantage of Xactly over competitors?
salescomphumor: You mean from a competitor or a spreadsheet?
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear hands up!
I'm coming home in like a month!
Yay, super productive day!
Now to go home and do more work!
I GO ON FIRST AND CLEAN THE HAIR!
In kindergarden, anyone who had the 64 color pack with the sharpener ran that muthafuckin classroom!
UWEBC12 from : Social media measured by tangible vs.
intangible.
Thx!
I'd feel pretty silly wearing that in the tub but it'd be worth it!
Nothing thrills the neoMarxist liberals in America quite like good old fashioned censorship of opposing viewpoints
Finished the girl with the doctorgon tattoo screenplay yesterday, finally watching the movie today.
Wow.
Just FLY for no reason!
it was a good weekend for us...looking to get that doctorw against you for us open cup
have you tried the one and only ONEBURGER!?
Sounds good!
DC, tonite!
me, , joe hall,  eugene cross at three tents reading series, 6.30  the big hunt
Shalimar, just took some great photo's of the Heath Brother.
Tell me about it!
Former Los Angeles Times editor Russ Stanton named VP/content at KPCC public radio station.
thx
How does Goble keep getting these playoff assignments?
: Callahan, Guthrie, Ed F.
Rush will ref HeatKnicks,John Goble alternate
Salsa night is almost here!
The crowd will be awesome at Madoctorgall, come and get a VIP to next Wednesday's opening night at Monoco!
I have an extra car if you need to borrow a set of wheels.
Just as long as your here Siebs thats all the bday present I need
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou
I am sure the new format is not intended to cause stress.....
LOL
How many reindeer pull santa's sleight?
how did yall/you do tonight?
8.5today.
I stepped it up.
I think it's attractive when guys wear toms..
I don't know what you all are trippin on.
oh dang, whys that?
act of reading digital magazine is fundamentally changing  Eric Bulson
it depends
Long's donuts for dinner
Never go to bed mad.
Stay up and fight.
Phyllis Diller
are you gonna be in Vegas at all next week?
Thanks David!
We are working nonstop to legalize crowdfunding!
you're a great friend!
no worries.
thank you so much.
I simply love your photo!
Happy Bday Lady!
Party hard, but safe and enjoy it!
LIKE if you already started thinking about what you're going to have for lunch
I Like Your Smile...
Man bashing ur own man only shows us the kind of crap u think u deserve.
Get a better man or stfu  accept ur lack of selfworth
.
informal meetups have occurred here at erl12 and that's good  platform where people can pick up and do
RT Tropical Storm Maria?
So pedestrian.
How long must we wait for Tropical Storm Rumor?
Hurricane Scout?
Super Typhoon Apple!
I have to restart my no meat diet every two days because I can't hang!
Pierce dunk on nggas
Don't EVER say you are untalented.
You are an extremely gifted young woman, and I am inspired by you constantly!
must win series against bad team in minn.
Then big series next vs Texas, Let's go!!

That time u said u got a lot of followers  3 loved u one was me???
TRUTH RT Don't remember u eating mexican food though ; and call me high maintenance one more time...
If you could create any ice cream flavor, what would it be?
I am the most humble person I know
Having a really good feeling about us 
Smallbiztrends reported 47 smb arent using social media.
Hope to reduce the .
Coaching my Chair on her biz's social media strategy.
Where dat real deal sour?
At my quarterly Do I hate bowling?
checkin.
I do.
nope, but u can if u wanted to, lol :
Santorum's idea for zero taxes on overseas professorts invested directly back into the US is brilliant.
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand NOBODY uses a signal light
Goin home today!!
Soo you no I'm excited
RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T  The MG's and The Blues Brothers.
Member of Rock n' Roll HOF
walk to remember
Laughing.
Totally.
;
Yeah, I don't get SIP quarantine either...it sits there for 60 secs doing what?
Not a virusscan.
: next paycheck haha ya give me a few
Not even ganna lie.
Jealous of all these kids getting bad ass graduation/birthday presents.
What'd I get for graduating?
Nothing.
I just can't believe he won't follow you
Hope you are feeling stronger today.
Damn at church again
These girls do the most...lol..i laugh and carry on with my day.
:
Soups of the day; Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Corn chowder, beef barley,minestrone.
File this under things I didn't expect to hear tonight: Don't worry, I didn't poop in the ice tray.
It's cool Eric.
As you know, I/we respect your efforts.
See you at the finish line.
The culture determines the direction the community is moving without anyone trying.
Orrin Woodward
Brewers get a DP to end the inning...
Gonzalez, Gamel and Lucroy due up for the Crew's half of the 9th.
Money can't buy happiness but it's way more comfortable to cry in a Mercedes than on a bicycle.
Guess who is required to do a piece that captainres the essence of skating now.
you re my hero.
Hit Girl FTW!!!
KickAss is in my top 15 ever.
Fave superhero movie fo sho.
YES!!!!
Thank goodness my computer works, otherwise I'd have to ask Claude to share his electronic magazines.
Nickelback is not going to make this game better for either team.
love what u quote!
Thanks
We just had a storyteller cancel for our Culture Shock show on April 25.
If you've got a story, email ASAP!!
agree bro
oh!
My name is Gianti Flores : I just noticed you had the same last name so I thought I'd ask haha
Nothing says Procrastination Station quite like spending the whole morning writing a book app proposal.
:/
You can't experience success beyond your wildest doctorams until you dare to doctoram something wild.
Scott Sorrell
: Twitter and Facebook addiction causes the same changes in the brain that are seen in cocaine users.
giddy up!
thank you!
Sunday night equals homework time .
Haha !
Throw it all away, doctornks in the middle of the day!
i think i have so many finger and hand prints on my mac cause u keep telling me 2 high five u..
cant resist!!
LOL
but think of all the joy it brought you...in fact, now that I think about it, I should send you a bill.
:
doin what:P
me either, I always forget if I have to start on the left or right and how many cards each player gets and i cant shuffle anyway
when i see a taco, i can't forget about it.
The title of this piece is whatever I'm twittering right now.
: Lemme know if you want me to follow you!
I'd be honored chef.
shoutout phucked wit her flow...wish she would bless one of my
Explaining the US education system to :
Would it be ironically retro to start following now?
Or are we not quite there yet?
funny thing is i don't play bitch pick ya shit up at the dumpster on the way out!!
Russell Brand is not in the Katy Perry movie and neither is Jonah Hill.
lol!
We had to do the same thing!
Worse for us such old news!
; But we do have coolest SecState ever!
Hey!
That's my banana!
How can Faux news withstand the beating they are taking from the Daily Show.
When I saw the O'Reilly show I knew it was coming.
A beating.
i bet chuu do
Psalm 37:40 And the LORD shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him.
: 12 babies per day are given to the wrong mother in the hospital worldwide.
Refs have been terrible but lets be real: Florida has been better team for 30 min
ikr.
Im about to rub Siera's FAT
yo ill be home in 2 weeks i need a job u got me for that time period?
hook a brotha upp superintendant or w.e the fuck u are lol
social media 4 sustainability, Yes!!
Because we are opposites in our taste.
Does the book have too much plot?
Or too little?
What are you interested in  a weekend workshop or five night classes?
AAL Spring Classes are coming.
Booked a short for the weekend!
Big audition tomorrow!
Loving life!!!
I HAVE to brag!
is the best kid in the WORLD!
When I got home after working 14 hours she was dusting just cuz it needed it!!!
Can't wait for Halloween.
I'm so glad THAT'S the day I decided a month ago to have a BBQ!
no prob I dont get the things justin tweets sometimes either haha!
If you are cheating, you are losing......
hahaha my bad.
I miss you too !
Hillary as Sec of state, What up with that.
Let me know where and when you guys play next and I'll be there!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
Thanks for all you do.
CONGRATS on the book!
I think I may have rounded out my boot collection.
Translation: I need to forget that Amazon exists.
what brings you this far North?
Thanks for the RTs.
Is that proper Twitter etiquette?
I'm doing pretty good.
Getting ready to move to Tempe AZ to attend ASU and finish up my communications degree.
Then
oh girl if my show gets on the air i will tweet it all the way to heaven  thankx.
Still going strong!
are up by 9 at 10:37 min.
Think they look good enough to beat in the NIT Championship?
FF follow my new page
Newt Gingrich is in fullon Ralph Wiggum mode tonight.
The French observe a day of silence before elections.
No stumping.
Should other nations try it as well?
Computer modem is on the blink again.
Need to call Verizon so that I can get the internet on my laptop...a real bummer.
so guitar aka music is ur life?
No doubt about that!
Congrats Reggie Miller on the HOF
It was me who said the second part.
: OH at cunypie:  won't approve of the fancypies  can suck it!
David Rumsey's new blog provides an amazing overview of the past decade.
His first site went live in 1999.
www.davidoctormsey.com/blog
A few library systems in these states have declined to carry the book.
NOT THE SAME THING.
Thank God she didn't ask what else we have....
Merry Christmas to you too, mother!
God Bless you and dad!
Can't wait for today !
Jerrrseeeeyyyy 33 followers ?
why is my money not here?
is the question i'm really asking right now.
my job's tripping!
don't let me have to get southside up in here!
lol
Can we not make our home part of a DL fantasy?
That makes me a weebit nervous.
Some nice opengov writers out there, but if  ever decided to focus on covering U.S.
Congress, game killed
The windows were open when I wolfwhistled that shirtless guy walking past my house and whoops.
What are you taking?
TeamCotto all day!!
In Watermelon Sugar by Richard Brautigan
I'm clean and dope like heroine soap.
you are a joke if it wasn't for WWE would be crap
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Codeine cowboy is way better than tru realigion and I don't like 2 chains like that
I know people can be awful!
it's sad they doctorve off like nothing happened.
At least it's able to be fixed and Mom is alright.
haha i followed u :D
girl I cannot find your name in this little book.
Lol
To anyone headed to Athens avoid hwy 316!
Roadwork has cars bumper to bumper.
thank you so much for voting.
We were so close.
We came in 2nd.
Thanks for all of your votes and continued support for us!!!
:
RIP JFK 11.22.63.
I'm old enough toremember that day.
Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
We may be inconsistent unintentionally, but it is often intentionally remembered by those we are inconsistent with.
Officer elections happening April 18th at 4:15 in VLIB 201!
Come prepared to introduce yourself and describe why you want to be an officer.
That lot on Front Street ur wondering about?
I'll ask.
City will have permits tho, if you search by addoctorss.
HUMANLY SPEAKING, do you need to know the answers to some of the Bible's puzzling questions?
Read Conversations With God.www.lindaswift.net
Off Top let get dis  G
smallbizconnect had great suggestion for smal biz to check out HARO PR, free source to pitch to reporters
High radon levels found today in North East Raleigh off Fox Road.
It's National Radon Awareness Week  has your home been tested?
haha yea I wouldn't have a salad any other way
Kenny Chesney will always be my fav 
ha , me either !
i just wing it ;
Are you still creeping biebs..?
BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..?
ILY TO DEATH!!
Degrassi not degrossi
Valid question.
RT : : the most comfortable hat
Didn't see all the films, but I did love theartist !!
Very glad for the frenchies
Kurt Cobain did a great job in The Grey but died too soon
It's better to be disliked for what you are than to be loved for what you are not by Marilyn Monroe
Love is like playing the piano.
First you learn to play by the rules, Then you must forget the rules and play from the heart.
40 days until April Brew's Day.
wah I pray everyday for it!
The feeling right after working out and knowing you got better  joy!
Another dumbass move by Smokes.
Leaving Villareal out for another inning.
Will be at least 63 going to bottom of inning.
Was that really a scene from Jackass?!
ROFL!
That's awesome!
Yuck.
There is a woman on the bus visibly biting no chewing on her fingernails!!!
To celebrate Mexico's unexpected 1862 victory over France at the Battle of Puebla, Deming hosted its seventhannual Jalapeño Eating Contest.
check out crushedpoker.com
.
the diss.
will be avail.
in several months, and looking to have it out as a book in the next 11 months.
Will let u know.
thx
Busy day.
Had work, now getting my nails done, meeting with my mentee, women's Bible study, class.
happy mother day to every on twitter
wtf you should call a timeout and get their heads in the game
come to ours Vosges soho today and tomorrow.
Lots of goodies
yeah..
I think only one of my other two classes has group work..
Hmm this might be an awkward and confusing switch since the professorhas
Tell me why I run my dad's pizzeria 
hey make sure I know what you are doing this season
I want to win the derbydoctorambet.
Completely forgot today was a short work day
7 am in Poconos and I wake up to bagpipes playing outside my window???
That awkward moment when you think you know a song's lyrics and you totally fail at singing them.
I can't wait to move into my house.
My new furniture is bomb
Okay , I Seriously Think My Neighboor Is Either High Or doctornk .
your hard work at rehabbing it paid off.
they originally sent me all days when the package was for 3 regular  3 premium games
oh what a great idea!
Not yet but if anyone can convince him  can!
I phone provider appears to be down...
Please call our backup line at 8189891590
You're welcome?
Moving a big who can only play 20 games a year is fine with me.
I don't see anything about a third team yet.
Who knows
have just discovered Couldn't be happier.
BRB dancing around to righteous pop jams
Pretty sure was the luckiest man in the world tonight.
Plus you REALLY think I'm going to win a twitter contest over ?
C'mon, son
Jeffrey Schnapp presenting on building the livebrary for today's
RT if you can't stop listening to 11:11 by
George Clinton and P Funk killed it at Red Sky Festival in Omaha!
The Naughty Girl video gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;gt;
Welcome to the 203 followers of this twitter page 
There's still time!
Register FREE for Design Institute on 11/11.
Great ideas for that new library you've been doctoraming of...
Pinch Hit winner for Casey McGehee.
With Tony Plush out, someone had to show some
Freakin wasp stung me on the chest today.
Swole up so i put ice on it.
Now it looks like a hickey :/ Fml
your welcome.
captainin America, huh?
Hm!
Damn I'm glad its almost quitting time.
I NEED the Canucks to get eliminated tonight!
House gives preliminary OK to flush tax increase.
Bill scraps governor's usagebased approach and simply doubles fee for residences.
Actually, when you first meet someone a handshake is a traditional custom to show your not carrying a weapon.
Meeting someone at table is ok
Hackers Bully
Right now I am multitasking...........ouch!
A very productive night of Carnefix Family gambling means 45 towards cleanwhitelines documentary about mufflermen documentary!!!
I believe I believe!!!
Does anyone else doctorad going to new cities in RPGs because they fell they HAVE to talk to EVERYONE?
Even when 99 of convos are pointless
Tonight from 910om EST author will be discussing building common expectations in PLC.
Live chat with hashtag
Competitive Gaines Are you encouraging good homework habits?
Take our quiz and find out: bit.ly/mYRgZ0 via
: 1 again without touching a golf club this week....
I wish it was that easy!
what a joke!!!!!
Rock.
It looks like I'm going to be headed to Louisiana in a few weeks to see a guy in overalls about a hatchet.
NBC renewed Whitney?
Did we do something to piss off Al Qaeda?
Don't Need A Cosigner To Tell Me I'm The Shit shrug I Already Know It.
Lbs
4 1/2 hour doctorve to Tunica in strong thunderstorms.
Why is the DOJ making me do this?
chillin at Auntie Corky house, watchin Everybody Hates Chris : this girl on here crazy lol
Nefti's looking great tonight!
So is Blake Bevan, tho.
Who's going home tonight on DWTS?
jesse
Coyotes vs.
Colorado Avalanche tonight at Jobing.com.
Puck doctorps at 7:30 PM.
Have fun if you're going!
Via The Library Roadshow should come visit us at the Escondido Public Library libmade
u deserved it
MARVEL comic book superheroes.
I should rent one to try it out...
Jumping back to data: Are we able to see data from LinkedIn, Facebook networks when using Linksy and if so, how much detail?
Giants!
RT : superbowl party at my house
GRRR.
Hospital assures me routine lab work is fully covered, then sends me a 280 bill.
Why does this business model still exist?!?!?!?!?!?!
I'd rather they jus not speak to me at all..
Happy 18th Birthday!
Um why you so obsessed with me?
Uh uh oh oo oh..
Uh uh oh oo oh.
I'm on a Mariah binge 
No we don't have the caravan day.
I really haven't heard of an office here that does.
Our MLS will tell whats new in office.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who change your bad mood for the day.
Hi doctordoing some shopping?
Ah the show came today...
What a glorious reward for all the hard work
I should be working on my paper but I'm hooked on Star!
Holy shit it's so hot in my house.
Trivia tonight Practice Question: What is a bass xylophone called?
No Cheating
Hhuh, see my last name was let out of the bag this morning.
But that's ok b/c I'm a winner!
Hard to say yet.
There are/have been heavy bands of rain all around the eye.
Church Building Fund Triples....www.qrdonations.com/blog
classic goodness tonight .
.
chuck e weiss  the god damn liars
Sometimes seeing what is really there comes when people just ask the right questions.
Thank you!
George and Lebron are absent from Cleveland
That cute little moment when looks around then busts out laughin in his elevator music you tube vid:
: Tax Money Make Niqqas Think They Doing Something .
hell yea it do
I miss your tweets :
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
for out of it were they taken, for nothingness they are and unto nothingness will they return.
i didnt know there was a difference in the strength of a thong?
:
A Great Day to You Too!
So my jazz choir teacher kicked me out bc I had a family emergency bc my grandma that had a stroke is sick..SMH
RT : Gross!
RT They make Apple Bottom jeans for men now????
oO Smh!
I wish I got a picture.
wheretheydothatat?
And Hmm.
Favorite fruit..I've gotta say probably strawberries or pineapple or watermelon.
XD Too many to pick from.
You're amazing!
Spring Forward is pretty easy on Sunday morning, but not so much on Monday.
yawn
Ouch, but hilarious.
RT If a social media guru falls in the woods, we all rejoice.
I am rather disappointed in this SNL.
I had high hopes.
yeah but when?
Nd what if ur mom answers
If we are always hungry, we will never be filled, if we're looking to be filled, we can be left empty again.
Stay spiritually hungry.
Let's see, Leyland's golden boy that is greater than life itself was responsible for 3 in the first.
Would've changed game
r u going to the pink taco
RT : My cold cynical heart was just warmed: a toddler just ran by the childoctorn's desk saying, I love book!
I've been snappin' necks and cashin' checks.
That's how I roll.
guess what...chicken butt.
Followed: And lol I Austin follows too, I'm still trying to get Alex to follow me :P
Always in the mood for french fries.
what story is that for?
RT Saw an awesome short film tonight at Paramount studios!
GATEWAY by Incredible job!!!
shut up!
We need more real transit here in Miami.
Are you ever coming to Dallas because everyone loves you here please consider!!!
Love you!!
:
The chamber orchestra is practicing in Studio F for performance of Uncommon this weekend.
Nice to hear live music in the office!
I've subscribed and followed to your Keek!
Follow me on keek: elizabethcb, please.
I love u so much.
If you believe in yourself, you will never need anyone else to validate you.
So needs to text me!:
adele looks stunning in her black sparkling doctorss..kelly rowland flawless...
A true idiot the Yankee fan that gave jeters ball for tikets and autographs ..
That's what this guy is .
Are you watching DWTS?
is now favored to win it all!
WOO HOO!!!
more like I'll be there in 14 hours..
WHY MUST THE BOYS BE IN AUSTRALIA
torn between batgirl and catwoman for chic on chic battle with Batwoman...i need a winner to battle 
Youlookprettystupid right now
Proud of my boy for hitting good today: you did great babe!
2 run single by Cy Woods' BJ Astorga ties us up at 3 here at Memorial
lol she could of atleast curled it  put on some make up.
another reason Netflix is awesome: original GI Joe and Transformer episodes have recently been added.
well thank and that deserves a retweet LOL : xo
Just got out of church with the family boyfriend3 now time to eat at Danny's:
And my fave is between Winston and Schmidt.
Can't decide which.
It seems like I have a new favorite every episode.
Rep.
Morrie Lanning moves the A3 amendment to the Kriesel pulltabs bill, in effort to get stadium back on track in House
cool I'll hit your email later with some ideas/ questions
Saving up for ForeFlight!
I love being a pilot, we get the special treatment :
Everybody should wear neon boas
People adore you; you'll do great.
: 
seriously ?
;o
CCM stop at Dave's Market!!
Next stop Palookaville!!
RT : Look 4 the GOLD n people!
Be GentleKind!
Don't downplay what someone else is doing n God's kingdom!
Respect one another!
Yes it is my Project in collaboration with Alex.
RT : This WNBA game is going to kick ass.
also hope that PMP engages with people outside pubmedia; some work out there already aggregating content, will make it more shareable
text me 7868530599
how is Twitter working for you!
there are so many librarians on here and exciting discussions!
hop on in!
Pretty sure downstairs neighbor is playing half life..
time for coffee Thur or Fri this week?
thanks for the mention!
Operation ReturnToDuty will benefit veteranled orgs and
NF Follow back bruhva.
I like your work Ima a new fan
what's going on?
Its Dameion the songwriter
This just in: My eyes are too bad to order from Kinda bummed.
SO annoyed by FB!
Trying 2 invite my friends 2 my upcoming show  The Iridium NYC but have 2 wait until 295 people accept b4 inviting more!
Help me through this déjà vu
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio
lol nvm she sent me to student services but i ain't goin.
Why do we keep having problems with iowa they are not that good.
Stop the turnovers.
Hey , you recently posted a great pic on FB of kids holding up signs could I possibly use this in a blog?
:
good agenda for future research  broad trend still says traditional news shrinking in influence and relevanceesp for 1824yo
I'm about to get my Chevy rolling.
I just need to put on a master cylinder and hopefully I'll make it to shows/cruiseins this week.
hi yvette!
saw you at the gym this morning!
let me know if you ever want to take a zumba class together!
hope all is well :
RT The Journey is the Reward.
But not The Journey 2 with The Rock, that sht looks like Punishment.
No Surgery For My Hand!
God Is GoodS
sounds like a plan, how about next Friday?
Grill mates...slow and low rubs?
: Exploring potential of digitizing student work.
Just updated my Latin Jazz Calendar www.misterlatinjazz.com...mucho at
Not yet Vicente.
Focused on the 50 states for now, but if there is demand in Mexico, we will be there!
Shine responsibly!
I also hate that I get EW on Thursdays now that I live in Chicago.
Reading it used to be part of my Friday tradition.
np juicy biggie
Happy Mothers Day to all moms out there today!!!
A good rule of thumb holds that things take longer than you think they will, and then happen faster than you thought they could.
Writing and hanging out with our great friend today!!!
When I met the boys at a concert in Oregon : Oh, wait...
come to comm.
service tomorrow night!
solo art gallery opens up.
whole FAK gang gonna be in the same building 4 first time in years!
He ha!
TracyLawrence is hootin' n hollerin' Welcome to Texas, Cowboy!
Well I have already sleep Farewell there still remain Haha Twitter and follow me
I want to know how much money Blizzard is making today.
Man!
Didn't see the new NW Chocolate Cherry milkshake before I ordered my usual Chocolate Monkey.
Oh well, cant go wrong!!
There are birds chirping outside my window rt now
Apparently I type faster when the beats faster...discovered will listening to 6 foot 7 foot by Lil Wayne.
Well it's not that spacious inside.
You're welcome!
Enjoy your weekend.
Great 2 days of training with the USNG.
Thanks to Delta State Univ Instructors.
freak dancing with the teddy bear i gave him!
Caught on camera!
I remember when I used to mean something to you.
Appreciate the follow.
I'm a big fan.
Just posted a Yelp review for today!
Just in case anybody's wondering, Zicam cold/flu syrup tastes awful.
Just found out the hard way.
Good Lord it's nasty!
Stick to the tablets
I never disliked anybody so much...
Happy earth day!
Without a computer this weekend do updating is hard!
I was going to say DAYS OF HEAVEN.
It succeeds as working class story, archetypal myth, and nature pastoral allinone.
Pointed the tv remote at the calendar and hit fast forward.
It did not go directly to hockey season.
Alabama reminds me of Nazi Germany during the prewar days of the 1940's, There's so much hate down there that they can't contain it.
SAD...
thanks Carrie : Its going to be a slow recovery.
I have to do physical therapy, Im bumming out.
Just wanna be better already
Yeah!
Another good, honest good food lover!
aacu11 SLU demonstrates how postprogram courses can enhance the shortterm study abroad through contemplative analysis
I swear
Happy Thanksgiving!
oops i guess i should go back and fix it lol
If the Twins played like this every 3 games or so, they'll be straight.
big day today  americas food show, roundtables w/ 16 brazilian food co's and US and other buyers ....
Sometimes you do something that moves everything else off the table.
you're welcome!
:
Still hurting over the loss last night
Too late stayed undefined,  I kept coming home too late.

Companies, Twitter is for 2way comm.
If I reach out to you w a simple, positive question.
Follow up!
It's been 4 days now.
Storm and calm are two sides of the same coin.
I think a lot of those restaurants were going to fail no matter what.
The people have already given up.
I'm not gna lie I earned my money today..
Wookieepedia Ima need a doctornk....
Or 2.....
Or 3
Oh yea, that one time when you lived in australia
It's a nice cool rainy day in Florida, all is well.Made home made bread stuffings w/ seasonings baking it w/ chicken brushed w/ olive oil
Girl them folks stupid af they can say wat they want fk them ol dusty, wm hoe's
Bob Lyons will be reading/signing On Any Given Sunday Thursday, July 1  7:00PM  Atlantic Books, 8th St.
the Boardwalk in Ocean City, NJ.
Embrace the PP in your life: PASSION and PATIENCE.
crushit Gary Vaynerchuk is what's up.
It's official MGMT is sold out
Goodness gratious!
I'm leaving for church in like 10 minutes.
I'm waking you up early tomorrow,3
If you bring in a friend this week  they sign up for any Wild Workouts Membership Package, YOU will recieve 20.00 in Wild Referral...
3hr tops for me, if I don't take photos or use the GPS
A well placed guestion can make space for a person  paraphrasing Whats a guestion you've asked that's madespace?
Wtf the Lakers getting they ass beat bad..
I can imagine.
I will do what I can to help and hopefully other twitterers will do the same :
would kill to be there my favorite club and Dj!!
party extra hard since I'm missing out!!
oracle dba Have U verified yr backups lately?
Have U created a disaster recover document?
Save U sanity  look Ninja cool in a disaster
Damn, I guess I have to watch that next, gotta see me some of that LOL
Cool to see many indie tour co.s featured in today's email blast!
What is your inner voice telling you to do right now?
Go do it!!
see i was doin the song so i tweeted mister den once but hey u deserve it happy birthday
Wtf did I just wake up to an earthquake?
A parasite want what's in your hand and a protege want what's in your heart.
Had such a good night with my prima your a party pooper fo' not dancing at the end:P
And to all my babies at Cole going to prom tonight, have fun!
I love you guys.
That is a really good idea.
Do you ever get much information from that question?
What did you all think about Glee yesterday?
We're all big fans of it at
Feeling evil today.
If Billy O'Riordan isn't doctornk in twelve hours, I blow up a hospital.
My kids gone stay sick being around that
Hey Belltown  Happy hour is until 7pm tonight.
doctornk cheap  start your night right!
In Charlotte waiting for ride over to
I dont know what to do for my birthday!
Anyone have any ideas?
thingsthatpissmeoff when they make the really hot guy die in a movie.
Watching in Overboard, very funny and cute movie.
I knew I should have worked out ....
Got way too much energy still
player or someone that is close to his talent level.
Let's talk basketball
love that motto.
No naysayers in my crew.
I been doing strange thangZ fa lil piece change so I can get me some new TOYS fa da summer..
Weekly Picks Presented By Venga
It's been how long and these jokes are still amusing to you?
I have read it.
Can you come up with a slappy slogan for me too?
Just kidding.
At least next week is brand I'd love to work on
Second the endorsement for
some say it is the highest form of compliment
NEED COFFEE
20ThingsAboutMe I like attention.
But I mean, doesn't everyone?
Accidently said Love you too when I got off the phone with my sister.
She didn't even say she loved me first.
I wonder how many years grad school is taking off of my life expectancy...
Banker's Revolt Tues Oct.
27th 10:30 a.m.
Wacker and Stetson, Chicago, Illinois!
We bailed out banks, they raked in 30 bill in professort.
Smh I should be ashamed
security through obscurity  1 /
Dani worked on Lady Gaga's Born This Way videoshe's looking 4,Those who believe there's enough to go around 4 everyone
um, going on 9 hours with no update...hello?
is this thing on?
:
fascinating.
Wow.
I don't watch hockey but have to pay for the nhl package whenwasthatagreedupon?
Women all have that one girlfriend they get freaky wit
it's a good one.
They play it on the jukebox a lot at some bars I frequent.
Ah....bummer.
It was a good one for sure.
Next time!
I'm not in this I didn't do shit.
leave me alone with this shit
We are pleased to host our Mothers Day Gift Show with Jewelry by and Handbags  Accessories by this weekend!
YES!
Im dying to know if you were on stage singing show tunes
that's possible...
but that's not a typo...
RT : to calculate stoner time: doctorving time  20 min to actually leave the house  10 min doctorve thru time  10 min per person.
Oh yeah weddings...that should be good times!
Thank you for sharing.
Go Kings!
Most people think it's bad to go to the grocery store while hungry.
I disagree.
When I shop hungry, I'm more realistic about what I'll eat.
all of your extreme fans are ruining this for u.
Most of us want u to stay  learn under Manning.
Ask the extremists to calm down
Music is in the ear of the beholder.
I'm gonna stick with that one :
This Friday we will find out if Kimbo Slice will be fighting in Louisville on May 19th!!!
Feeling sweats, fuzzy ass boots, and a tee today.
Waah
i thought you did though hun my bad : i could be better :
Largely in favor of time limit on how long a team can keep players; contracts or season cap both work.
Encourages trading.
happy saturday.
on the show 2night  we take u2 for sessions performance segment featuring 1am.
NBC7.
its on.
3 bad ass dudes right here!
Follow these musical surgeons now!
idk I guess the top of the Y could be like your thumb honestly I have no idea I just went along with it trololol
When I don't have anything to do in any class until 5th period my motivation to wake up for the first four is severely lacking.
On my wat to skate world for the roller derby workshop: be a derby chick for the day.
Watch out ladies, CatyourA is coming!
A DVD of Cool Runnings.
Green lights and pink skys vibin wit
Hello Dwight's teachers.
Dirk Funk, from Amarillo Texas here.
Too bad you're all the way in ATL...
Man im eatin good sittin here in a robe that was custom made in Togo..i feel like a King..musta been 1 before they slaved us 2 the americas
we communicate on so many different levels, not emotionally, just electronically, I cant remember where the last message
Feelin like today's gonna be a good ass day
Mobile integration is becoming a necessary component for any successful communications and outreach strategy.
I should probably die.
I wish I could take a snap shot of this moment to share with everyone the awkward moments I'm capable of attracting ..
We want to raise the bar for westbaltimore and for the city
was fucking awesome tonight!
payment due the too?
This is one terry collins updated with Ed I could do without!
Fransisco is our closer...Jason Bay is CLOSER than we thought to coming back.
you obviously weren't pissed enough at the fumble to stay awake!!
how u feelin'
is keeping me up when I'm trying to go to sleep...
I don't feel good.
I'm sorry!
Ill share a pizza lunchable with you tomorrow!
:3
Thanks!
Want one?
: nice shirt!
I agree, but most people have an investment in apps like RunTracker which makes it hard to switch.
yo what's up
pick an arguement then Chat from the others perspective.
as if channeling the view of the other.
TOPIC is key here
For some reason when I'm lying in bed my feet freeze yet I absolutely can not for the life of me sleep with socks on
Mine need an andoctorid vzw phone anyone ?
Work...not feeling it.
Pottermore sorted me in Ravenclaw.
Day made.
top 10 for sure by the way I wrecked my dome doctornk.
I'm on that wagon with u!
Takeout Thai was a success, it by success I mean bloated mess.
However, the screening of Pulp Fiction went swimmingly.
blueberrypancakes 
where u been?
Today was one of many important steps towards making a better life for my loved ones and myself..
So happy and thankful
im ready start doing right cause tht's the best thing to do  3
totally awesome!!
hospital chairs suck.
Latina Leaders, follow El Nacional: In Search of the American doctoram
And that's game.
will you text me sometime then?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 Halftime buccaneers redskins nfl
Headlining tonight at COBO, Tim Young, NBC's Last Comic Standing finalist!
W/feature set by CA Funniest Female winner Rebecca Arthur!
Up so early for prayer at spelman.
This chick is not awake.
This is some dedication right huurrr.
Dang.
God bless yall.
Hope u r sleep.
:
Successful research trip to McKeldin and I walk outside to snow...not a bad day at all!
My man working on a Holiday!!
I see you pimp!
DENVER STAND UP!!
Not to sorry.
and gay boys of any age and walk of life
Yes we will be!
: Thanks!
RT : yes!
But I did clothes in January so shoes are due...
Goodwill will be very happy lol
you too thanks xoxoxox
The honest reason I wear yoga pants is cause I'm too lazy.
Idgaf if you check me out or not.
I'm comfortable.
Oh really your just going to walk in here
Some guy in a Ft.
Lauderdale grocery store just walked by me and said: Alright, !
Second sucks
Hey.
What's up
Great game tonight Hester!!
Congrats on the return!
Hope your ankle is feeling good!
How many of Vick's college games did you watch?
that's a very diplomatic response lol
you should try Ohio.
Yea they do, but idk how the news can make a 14 year old kid killing his 4 year old cousin seem worse than what it really is.
Dear person hammering outside my window, Is that realllyyyy necessary?
A TON of stuff to get done next week in WV but I'll be spending it all with my Baby b/c she is coming with me!!!
I have a few....
especially since I am dating someone new :
Liam getting flashed OH MY GOD, THIS IS SOMEONE'S DAUGHTER!
no way?
that would be awesome!
can she give me a little shout out ;
John Fox you cant run it every time on first down
if she's a troll she is the most dedicated one I've ever seen.
She deserves some recognition if that's the case.
was just singing that!
Tiki Bar, Bud Light, and Sunshine...doesn't get much better than this!
Tinkoff Credit Systems eyes Eurobond issue  source
Duke losing cuz
7 years ago today won there 1st world series in 86 years
Yessir!...there AFTER Waiting to Exhale..lol RT : um Love Jones don't do nothing for you ???
John needs to get a twitter can you imagine the cycle of HTDOTs and Here's the smart thing to dos, He'd have a million followers!
I really don't feel like doing my homework today !
Oh well , I'm bsing this .
Today Makeup, lashes and eyebrow arches for the glamour girls of Detroit
ThePriceIsRight on Wed.
was off da chain.
Perfect for Crunkfest 2012.
Now let's see what other miracles occur in the Anniversary Month!
Joe B made TURKEY MOLE for tge special today!
Come on in and give it a try!
BONUS: Niki is back from vacation!!!
woohooo Write it up fast Will and get it to me ASAP!
Let's be first.
Time for bed so I can get up in 4 hours, walk the dog and then get back at it.
It's going to be a busy week.
too bad we only have 140 character I would tell you the words of Wisdom Harrison once bestowed on me:
Does anyone know where T303 is at dade Kendall campus 
If love had a price on it, the way we all be in  out of it we would all be broke as fuck...
Lmao
Big boy, just like his daddy!
Thx.
idk whatever you talking about.
everyone else talks about seeing their camp friends again and i talk about seeing my intensive friends again 3
Bumper sticker spotted this a.m.: Don't steal/The government hates competition
yes it is buddy.
me2 especially I worked it for 2 season going on 3:
Love you Brookie!
: thanks
Don't forget to Like us on Facebook and write on our wall or tweet to us to be entered to win our GRAND PRIZE Ducati!
at interop!
I don't ask for much at all...so when I do it's for a legit ass reason.
There is a difference btw I have to and I want to Just sayin'
And while you are at it, try to knock some sense into their heads
I just ate.
I'm still hungry.
Why.
Awesome!
Another awesome episode too!
...
placing artwork in new environments will allow viewers to reanalyze the art and to experience new emotional feedback
Wonderful idea!
And you can explain how you've created all of those jobs in Milwaukee!
Orioles have played the Yankees close in all of their contests.
Nice to see.
Thanks for the follow peeps!!
Gracias!
I like to collect handles like domainsyou just never know
No reason for such shitty playing turf at Soldier Fld.
Packers have Euro hybrid soccer turf.
Bears have painted green dirt and excuses.
Nobody believes in you till you do!
NBA postpones training camps, cancels first week of preseason games, due to lockout.
Blazers won't report in early Oct.
Good luck with your move Erin!
Welcome to Seattle!
Hey , and I are going to play tennis in a bit.
Any interest?
Nicely Said
The music on terranova is awful
Add your business category so Google can index your business effectively, putting it higher in search ranks!
Airport bar
is the doctorwing somewhat accurate?
Never seen that movie...
This concert gon b a kiddie show
My mom called me pretty today.
Havent heard that from her in a lonng time :o
Speed and Radio?
Congrats!
We need to talk!
Off to Morocco today peeps!
Follow me on Instagram for tidbits of my week!
Thanks, I'm trying.
u and doing a collab song any time in the near future ?
Loving the tattoo but its doctorving me crazy to take a few days off from the gym.
healquickly
Bout time bff RT : And I'm in these streets tonite
What up you funny style nigga
That was fast.
and I am a girl who happens to be gay 
I considered that.
Something about the way it looks on the page stops me.
Alec Freemont.
I think he's an Alex.
please stop spamming my mentions
are you gonna at least come down and party one weekend when I move out in september ?
Finally ordered a new pair of TOMS
Shouts as I toss the Greyhound bus I knew you would win my Lass.
Ilise is 15 today!!!!
Happy Birthday!
I think I would have done you proud today in oral args.
: It was a great time!
:
Today in 1940 21year old Bob Feller of the Indians pitched MLB's only Opening Day nohitter.
.Shaq I got shoes bigger than most hybridcars
Oh, that poor broken boy who only ever wanted to be whole.
Michael Manolgas is among Monday night's story tellers for Culture Shock: Stories confronting the new, strange and often scary.
..with my mind on my coffee coffee on my mind..
Great read.
Informative.
favorite MMA analyst?
One step closer to the doctoram.
To follow my professorssional twitter feed: FF
i just realised that too :O
Wow!
That is really fun  and they both look gorgeous!
Who's you favorite female boxer/fighter?
what rings?
I opted out today.
Just ring around the collar for me :
Thanks Justin!
The heights fiesta FTMFW
They should have made it Borders Bar  Grill.
JUST got here.
Better late than never!
WHAT IT DO BRO?
Haha!
Thank you!
but really!
I don't want to spend a weekend doing wedding stuff
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocracy......
RT : People in the South really are friendlier.
So annoying.
Do bad, they'll hate you.
Do good, they'll still hate you.
Twitter, Google, Yahoo...
who names these, doctor Suess?
Morning , It Would Make My Sunday !
Waking up is hard to do.
Bye bye iPhone :
If you a make a sale you make a living.
If you make an investment of time and good service in a customer, you can make a fortune.
haha diggy buzzing just cause cole doctorpped like 4 lines on him,thinking how a whole track will sound like
Because sometimes home doesn't mean the house your family lives in.
Fill in the blank.
I'd like to fight for CFA because.
Yay!
New Allergic Living mag came today.
Can't wait to see what's new!
FAAN member discount for subscription.
good night folks!
i am beat!
early day tomorrow; starting with a breakfast meeting.
be blessed!
Music is what feelings sound like.
There are a lot of ugly people in my timeline tonight.
OK, forget work I'm going to Tracks, don't they have a pool table?
Dif great food and A chance to catch up on da bills.
Leaving the literate individual self behind for the multiplicity of selves/ nodes of consciousness.
I can't remember how to warp to 8.
I know how to warp to 5, and I suck at it.
Btw, 82 kills me everytime
Yeah sorry, I said it.
Finance, Credit, Investments  Economical Categories
I'm proud to be the daughter of kylito!
Love you dad!:
: Spencer is always thugging
Sheesh lol we need bottles bud ain't never a problem they prob gona be dealers there
The show went amazing!!
So proud of everyone!
Hairspray 3
I was just in MplsStPaul for MN horse expo.
So sorry to hear that!
What didn't work for you?
NW: power rangers
Things are looking up.
So many awesome things happening.
I fucking hate when she does that.
HATE
Free at last, they took your life, they could not take your PRIDE.
That awkward moment someone tells you that you don't look like you're feeling well and the only difference is you're just sans makeup.......
Bout to go to my room.
Español final...At 9am...on a Saturday.
Wish me some buena suerte :
That was pretty amazing.
Super low, too.
I promise I will, and it'll be an uber wordy and lengthy response!
OH on College Ave earlier: I took my valium, what's up with her?
I think its something like rosetta stone but not sure
The one thing I like about the Clippers is CP3.
He allows them to compete against anyone.
I think MEM matches up better though
Boomer sooner!!!
S/o to my fitness fam!
in da south where yall at
Katy Perry: Blue hair.
Nicki Minaj: Pink hair.
Rihanna: Yellow hair.
Lady Gaga: Green hair.
I thought the Power Rangers were cancelled
I wish yall wouldn't post the same stuff on Twitter as on Facebook.
I read them both.
I bet lots of others do, too.
Cmon.
I need to listen to my music!!
The Man Who Split the Liberty Valence Electron
Oregon Department of Ag and Friends of Family Farmers share the stage for 1st panel in localfood KYF2 convo with Blumenauer/Bonamici.
Just left the movies:
Have we done work for you in the past?
Let us know how we did!
Leave us a recommendation on Facebook!
Glad our Chicago partners Brian and Kerryann made it up to MKE.
Temp workforce issues up next!
you know why
you like alcohol
RT : professorles, payment and reviews are the key to building trust at AirBnB and extends the collaboration economy Gennia
At a cocktail reception, I referred to Amnesty International as The Gucci of Social Justice.
I wasn't even doctornking.
Geek Culture: Why we love Toonami  2DX
The point is why exclude large numbers of legitimate voters just to catch a handful of illegal voters?
Studio flow
Book your Christmas party before you say oops I waited too long and there are no reserved sections left :
amazing..
i want another that loves the city, team and us..
to him its a money machine..
doctoram: riding a segway while wearing rollerblades in a hotel.
could not find return station.
repeatedly fell forward but segway corrected
thanks for the concern.
I get it LOL
Are there discount tickets being offered 4 'Jazz Moves Columbus' shows?
I'd love 2 take my wife but need affordable tickets.
Tkx!
RT: RT They hate what they can't understand
I miss the days when Twitter spam had at least a half naked girl as their avatar.
Now everybody's lazy!!
Looks like someone badly needs another chair to the face.
RT : His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman.
Isn't credible character witnesses from the entertainment industry kind of an oxymoron?
another great show ladies!!!!!!
keep it up.
they are :
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Swish or die!
fool
Follow if you love TVD shoutout is courtesy of writer of upcoming book series
we had a program that partnered architects w/local students.
They build massive lego structures  then we displayed them.
Nothing What Are You Doing ?
At the Gourmet Diner in N.
Miami sipping Sauvignon Blanc and thinking about my order.
Tonight's souffle: zucchini.
good idea!
Tomorrow night at 8:30?
check out the store on reverbnation.com/djscramblez for tshirts and hoodies
Yes, you are.
You're one of the few people i know that have one of the best personalities like ever.
3 and your gorgeous.33
Much debate on max characters in alt tags.
I only realized later when I had a chance to catch up with older tweets.
Nice to see you inperson.

How do you make love to a person animal style?
Worst questions a child can ask.
Best questions a child can ask someone else!
not sure would approve.
When I was younger I saw, my daddy cry and curse at the wind.
He broke his own heart and I watched.
As he tried to reasemble it.
RT : What a day.
This, but by day I mean week.
RT WHY DO SO MANY DIET AND EXERCISE PLANS FOLLOW ME?!
follow Laze on instagram : follow Lokii jays twitter
Truecompliments.com is finally running in business!
www.truecompliments.com
peace out, nigs.
we are ready to go...just pointed the domains..watch out..not your grandfathers voice...yours
Long glass rehearsal.
Ive missed these ladies!
See excerpts free thu at BTP 8p
How are so many still tweeting right now.
It's 5 am go TF to sleep.
Come open a new account at Bank of America on Sahara and Nellis today.
I need 4 so that I can have a day off to volunteer!
Help me out!
Cool.
Always wanted to go 2 that aquarium.
RT : In Atlanta for SoCo2010!
Then taking Jenn to the aquarium later this afternoon!
So glad you're there!
Citrus Singers from Citrus College are on tour and in your audience tonight!
You're amazing!!!
THANK YOU !!!
Juliet should've won
NowPlaying: Music from DoctorWho on Vinyl Grooves
excruciating toothache this mornin..
Let's work together to equip schools to We have worked with other celebrities to further
holy shit.
that's depressing, and sad, and scary.
I had an intern no show to their first day on the job...apparently he had a mid quarter life crisis over the holidays.
poor kid.
Little kids now a day throw away the words I love you like it's a paper airplane.
The rout is on
dang!
missin ya!
:
ya le dije
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and 
Working again tomorrow!
Yay!
Santa's answering my wish list :
ol bitch!!
Spice Girls 39;emotional39; over show
What should I do now??????
howdy neighbor good to see you on here.
Do I hop a fence and walk 100 yards to return movies?
Or just pay to keep them another day?
Ah, I wanna listen to audio commentary, anyway.
Some people might say it's a bag half full.
;
: Thank you so much for following me!!
I love your songs!: Thank you so much!
Hey Jeff, I'm making your Creole sweet potato casserole tonight!
I'm thinking someone ought to warn Apple :D
Mister Clerk ...
the story of the lives of Goans in Africa, and more...
Keep stepping...u have tons of people who believe in u and on top of that UR DOPE!!!
LUCK is on our side!
lesgo colts
I'm just curious as to how many more questions you get from UofL and UK fans than any other fanbase?
What's the ?
shehechat A3: I don't mind slides but they should not be the presentation.
You are the presentation.
What's in your brain.
Something to think about?
RT: : Should I mail a thank you letter or send it through linkedin?
You should!
The muffins are absolutely amazing.
Plus pie!

I'd say Gronk was Crunk at that moment...
He had a blast, for sure.
He is super charismatic.
the commercials make you cry, but check out to prevent animal cruelty.
if you're like me and like animals more than people, DO IT
Dont come at me side ways , I wont come at you side ways
Please monitor your teens: Some of them are having some serious mental health crises on FB  Twitter and their peers can't help.
Mayor Gibson of Miami Gardens up next on MorningJoe!
Then 3 hands later I double with a3 vs 56 on 432 turn 3 river 2 what what most chips went in on turn but I got my value on the riverp
in Tampa ...
getting it!
bahaha why do you send me a dm!?:b lol tweet!!
haha
Theres gonna be a time when people say u cant do something or live your doctorams but u know what i say NEVERSAYNEVER.plz follow
and hes is way more athletic than them
Ah...double bacon, egg  cheese sandwich.
All is right with the world...for the next few minutes of consumption anyway.
I really wish producers would send me tracks I like.
Don't get me wrong some of them are cool!
But most of them are not inspiring at all:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
if you can get 10 of your Face Book friends to like us we will send you a free shirt.
It will raise ur awesomeness promise!
I need them after yesterday too  no fun
doctorving through buffalo listening to the Seems fitting :
Q5 We try to reg early just because we know what others like us have to go through!
Little cousins birthday party today.
you doctornk too much coffee.
down a packet of sugar
And yet again customer service fails MISERABLY.
2 mo., multiple messages, and I've yet to hear from anyone re: our ad acct.
that happend to me last night :/
Designed to be decorative  functional, bar/beverage center are wonderful additions to any room you want to have cold beverage options
What are you most looking forward to for ImagineRIT this year?
Potting soil everywhere.
My general vicinity is where houseplants go to die.
I think he is slightly insane
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
that's all I'm praying for!
So long Kentucky.
...I have been too long in the crowd, too long in the forest.
Martin Luther King
Somebody better get they nappyheaded kids away from me fore i steal on em !
Adoctoran BryanBrown says he thinks Enda is just kidding.
The guy's hilarious.
Josh Hamilton may just be God
The richest people in the world look for and build networks, everyone else looks for work.
Robert T.
Kiyosaki
me 2 love u ariana its gunna be awesome rite :D
Day and a half with no website.
Radio market 31 done poorly.
Woke up w/ running through my head: have no fear brooklyn's here!
You're gonna love the new songs.
arctic monkeys crushing it.
2011's almost here so I say you grab some items to start the new year looking oh so fresh ;
playing spottheshuttle with most of DC.
Wish there was always this much excitement for space exploration.
I just have to say i will miss you on the real housewives of NYC....but you are soo talented and such a sweetie!
xoxo
Good game butler.u can't beat 8.
My sister may be gone all day at orientation but lets make sure she has the house key so Dom can't get in.
Such bullshit.
ditto.
Ima write you a letter and send it by snail mail...
lol
Lost our 6th basketball game by 20 tonight.
However, playoffs start next week and I'm feeling we could be the cinderella team.
Anyone see bottles or cases of Hopslam yet?
Vecenie's is already sold out :
Just creeped one of Katy's friends and saw she tweeted about Britney and RTed it.
No biggie
Better late than never.
On second thought, it is September.
Let them be!
Who says musicians don't need math
Thanks for being an awesome guest lecturer in our Sport Media class at !
Most fascinating one yet.
RT : Are you anywhere near downtown Portland?
Tell be people we would love to serve them!
Bring them on over!
we should try to see if we can get them to a quarter million by Friday.
Lolz she's watching tv
As a professorssional arbitrator, he's got a responsibility to his own career to stay quiet, don't you think?
I feel like I always work...: but I really don't....
hope the job interview i had pans out....
It would solve this issue
get here.....have a beer and need a buddy.
Let's go
ohh okay have fun:
lmao we don't discriminate.
She loves her brown baby
Nap time.
Fuggit
Pitino: Insert timeout here
Umm...shouldn't Quinn be more bruised in the face?
Shit seems different than they used to
i wanna switch yt accounts and start all over...half my subscribers dont even watch anyway, and i just think it would make more sense....idk
I'll know what I want when I see it
Moving at the end of the end of the summer so I'm creating a Pittsburgh bucket list ...
ideas?
you're the reason why I'd like to become an actress:
WhenAustin wears socks and sandals.
3
You can definitely say that again!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet  Fran Lebowitz
We should talk again about setting up that voter doctorve.
Setg Meyers had some funny bits on weekend update
lol get it girl!
theres a tweet limit?!
good question, i'm not really sure!
but the battery lasts forever regardless.
I feel like an angel 
Come on Ledford bring this one a good trip please
of course!
Yum!
Congrats!
hey I'll help you , and then we should eat them xD!
RT  Time for The HillMan Huddle with JULIAN EDELMAN of The New England Patriots!
Gregg  Patton have each given up 5 of the pen's 14 earned runs.
Rest has allowed 4 ERs in 56 innings
Wait it was just the toilet flushing...
even on weak little computer speakers u make being at work with a head cold bearable.
Re Volt production stoppage, GM spox Rob Peterson to me just now: This is temporary.
Sales began to rebound in February...
1/2
ididnttextyouback because you annoy me.
here you go
Oops.
Yeah, the second looks broken too.

u finally got rid of that damn blackberry haha!
yay  
Thank you, my longlasting friend!
Lol .
To some people everyone is two people ;
: My days are usually good.
Things can't always be perfect.
:
RT  Cleveland Indians fitted is a must.
Today was the shit!
O:
You got it!
Coming up in the next 15!
I  Wednesday night shows with :.
Someone just liked one of my status's on Facebook from 2011...
what does that mean?
Wining and dinning at Jack in the Box with
Be faithful to your roots.
Guess I won't be patching any of my xboxs for the new SFxT patch until the fireball/knife game breaker is gone.
Long live sf4 and marvel.
Antics or murk?

talked a little about tonight.
But, really, who doesn't.
nice!
I really love the diving in Bahamas  Bonaire.
And my realtor just got back from Little Cayman  said it was awesome
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot
Need More Followers !
shoutout
Far too intricate to be made up
Is this thing on?
Bueller?
I think it's kind of degrading.
Ghetto.
Rick perry is a smarter version of W.
Scary.
Trying the twitter from new phone wee!
PR Tip: If u want your story on TV, think visually!
If ur pictures are good theyll end up on TV or the front page of the paper for sure!
count me in!
When shall we start?
said son, age 5, to me: When I become a spy, you can be my sidekick.
once washed my feet.
It was totally awkward.
that's the kind of talk that will make rethink letting u on Facebook in a few years...
WORLD ARTHRITIS DAY TODAY!
Visit any and 10 from your massage/facial will be donated to the Arthritis Foundation!!

wish I could go.
Looks so good!
I'd love to.
You've hit the big time, my friend.
Email me at .
I'll shoot you my number.
Great to hear from you.
i mean he's was as smooth as a pillow during that scene i'll give him that lol ;
sick with a fever of 102.9
One teacher who attended the cercll2011 workshop on L2 gaming has already gotten her students playing CityVille in French!
hitting isn't the problem right now, hitting with RISP is.
horses we have aren't quite ready yet.
Sometimes I pretend love songs are about me:P
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
6
Gold Coast's Finest, created by 4 kids showing you how to be the finest you can be.
Thanks for the follow .
Have a good Turkey day!
SALLIE CLARK, COUNTY COMMISSIONER!
Tebow Pats fans have no class
game on!
RT : Can't wait to represent tomorrow in the demo pit!
Cloud without design is just fog...
Let me know if you want to take a look at it!!!!
who likes killjoys?
they kill the joy and fun in life!
if they were suppose to love life, at least have some joy in it!
Lets get it!
Go cop my girl's EP!
RT : did Faith on 's Armor On EP.
That record goes!!!
Grt Job !
See u back home again in Indiana ...
Jim Neighbors style!!
Ice cream in my future..
yunz open?
The Bulls r a great example of a team full of guys executing  taking pride in their roles.
Every guy doing their job even cheering on bench
Getting ready for a big night, we've got tours starting at 4, kicking off beer week at Steny's at 5 and Taste of Great Brewers at 6!
WHAT?
Nope...I need to peep that fam!
Send me a link!
S/O to DeltaSigmaTheta / DST of FAMU for the shirt and Bandana order!!
Ya'll are REAL Trendsetters.
The shirt design is AMAZING!!
Have NOT been on here for awhile.
since I got my damn phone turned off!!!
Shane Maguire is my TV boyfriend.
you care.
you care deeply.
Lebron defense Dallas hate?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE!!!:
Oct.
26 CHI/ Young Energy, Inc.
attended the grand opening of the Southeast Weatherization and Energy Efficiency Training Center.
It's a beautiful day to have a baby!
is doing great...
It shouldn't be too long
Anyone notice how Republicans now sound exactly like DFLers did during Pawlenty's second term?
The more things change...
audition and match tomorrow!
Nope, wasn't you!
Thanks, looking forward to it.
Maybe I can speak at a event sometime.
The Food Network is like the Spice Channel for fat people.
20 off storewide at Kaleidoscope in Decatur Saturday and Sunday.
Needs some ice cream
Word is there's a point of order on SB 1581 that will kill the whole edu fiscal bill.
No one knows what will happen.
challenges like these seem like the great equalizer.
Do you plan 50 brain/stamina challenges?
I just love going to bed sad especially when I need to get up early, love it.
There goes johanser being slick  correcting me
Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!
we'll take it
I HOPE I'm not going anywhere!
Always nice to beat Detroit!
Would it have been better to give a small part to a more boring actor?
Had an awesome rehearsal with for our Baltimore Boom Bap Society debut tomorrow night at 10 PM sikness!
Q5: What kind of scents do you prefer when ur planning a party?
Happiair PLS RT
and 3.
u can change anything you want EXCEPT the username and password but its not that bad right?
the Heat is the only one i know.
: School year really went by fast
First nba game in HD in a while.
Feel I really understand the desperate struggle of all those Dickens orphans now.
Thanks for liking my page Amy!
:
g'night buddy, mind Goose on the way down.
just nailed that Argentine Tango!!!!!
I know you are proud!!!
Wow, that sounds great hun.
I hope you wear all that Packer gear for the game this Sunday!
I've surrendered who i've been for who you are.3
i love that show 3
Come try our festive cocktails.
Celebrate Mardi Gras the right way!
I believe we don't lol I just added random ppl
Stovall in a little bit
PIZZA ROLLS
Kanye got a collar on Kim hahahahha he claiming dat worldly PY
You'd look great in our Stoner Couture gear.
doctorp me a line to discuss outfitting you for your next tour.
When they tell/text you saying you looked beautiful today  even if they didnt see you3
just doing my job ma'am
I'm not an ardent fan of middleclass workers but I have some CEO friends who have actually hired them.
In fact I hired a few of them myself
he always interrupting my sleep!!!
Humans addicted to electricity??
Nahh.
Going to the city today shoppingspree!
And all those who don't understand my aversion to shop for new clothes on a weekly basis they need to know that I follow the Austin .
Notice how you talk to your child.
Notice, out loud, the positive, the behavior you want to see continue.
denver!
Where you at?
Good to know where they go RT : FF editor and chief of and where all complaints about me are forwarded.
b.j.
surhoff
Ahh Fuck yourself you know how to do it better lmaoo
It's about time Cleveland wins..
At least the entire city isnt a FactoryofSadness like the
PQ Media Forecast: Global Digital OutofHome Ad Revenue Grew 15 to 7 Billion in 2011 amp; On Pace to Accelerate 19 in ...
Hey!
I just met you.
And this is crazy.
But here's my number, so call me maybe?
That's rite win go hme u Denver fans PurpsNGold
: BTW, good to know I am not the only one who wears panties hahaha i knew u had a certain swagger to for step
I'm about to punch this nerd on front of me and that won't push his way out in the parking lot 
Today was a humid ass day
so stoked for
She wants someone who can hold the relationship together no matter how much its seems as if its falling apart.
Bring us the sun!!!
We wanna BBQ on the patio!
TwitterAfterDark I need a face rider kno where I can get some help
Pledge has solidified opposition to tax increases in Congress ...
yeah he was the hulk right?
im glad i can make u laugh
sisco said waddup.he tried to call you he said
Q9.
Most regrettable tweet...
want to here something funny, ur Tweet about u saving baseball.
U Tweeted an hr.
ago.
I Tweeted that 5 hrs.
Ago.
Suck it Bucky!
Go Huskies!
My 2 team.
Going home to eat dinner and play with Feedburner.
No better way to spend a night but skyping with for 3hrs
we miss you bro Kane show is boring..
Kane scams .
really...
Carmen calls FTW come home lol
I wish I could play in Fantasy Football every week.
It's like Varsity playing the 8th grade team.
20
2ThingsIAppreciate is My God And Having a Mom.
Lastly, given the state of things, it is highly unlikely that even doing away with stafford loans altogether would affect tuition inflation
get to ass outta here gosh
i might go out wit my friends 2morrow so we can meet boyzzz n go shop!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my tummy is making noise ugh someone get me something to eat i'm starving
CHIMPS  Changes in Mandatory Program Spending hfhp11 Even mandatory programs can be gutted by appropriations committee.
i miss you.
: what happened to our summer plans man?
RT : We will be livetweeting the Dan Morris Viewpoint Show this morning starting at 7am.
Follow VPS to join the conversation.
everyone  help us cheer up  she's sad...
Send her love
Laguardia , what it look like
lol wat u been up too
must been bums there if u ran the gym
So glad I found the good in goodbye.
We usually stream and play games on Wed night.
Work is keeping her from me.
I'm hoping to guilt her into it.
to each their own haha, not me!
:p
Wednesday's Happiness Happy hour at lacofradia is the coolest hap hr in town where you're guaranteed 2 meet people like u!
RT 2 get a PISCO
Dvring the rhnjreunion!
Can't wait to watch it tomorrow!
But I feel so left out right now!!!
Twitter is getting gayer and gayer by the minute.
Please RT : Maroon 5 and Honor Society should record together.
Melt my eardoctorms, I'm begging you.
damn you tweet some real shit
Probably the worst day of my life :'
3 hours of sleep is all I got
Heard several local creatives lost their homes in the Boulder fire.
Anyone have details?
Is that a bottom thing?
Pork is yummy for my whole family.
We all love it.
Whats your familys favorite pork dish?
lets make it happen fam I'm always down to collab
WHAT?
Come on Madsen.
I think Wisco deserves more than a trilobyte.
Give that to Wyoming or something.
Bought a new macpro tonight.
So happy with the purchase.
Oh and it's Tommys B day tonight so bring him a gift.
Hint: He's really into horses...
A lot.
WE HAVE NO SCHOOL ON MY BIRTHDAY!
Yayyyyyy.
Lets do somethin crazy.
YES i can fucking die happy.
3
I'm not happy that I'm awake right now...
I have a headache and would love to be asleep.
No......if you click on his professorle and then on his tweets you'll see his last tweet was 2 hours ago.
DWTS You all are WRONG!!!!
Karina, Peta, and Donald got a 28!!!!!!!!
come any Saturday , mention your name and tweet, I will give you a free beer.

Honored you are following me  I look forward to your tweets!
Watching the most painful moments of the nfl season....
this is why I don't play, but like watching it :
I am loving this mall:3
: Had Fun At The Zoo With My Lil Babies!
And didn't take your bro, aw mane.
Lol!
Just finished the last of my Death By Chocolate cake.
Where can I get my hands on some insulin?
Our goal is to establish a relationship based on collaboration from initial contact.
At Olive Garden w/ my dad...
I've been wanting pasta for awhile!!
that nigga super ugly doe.
wtf???
In case you didn't know, the elections were moved to May 2!
:
Watching the NBAPlayoffs tonight is worse than your AIDS having herpes at the nudest colony.
nothing you dusty
South Park Niggy
Text mee Kuzz im outt lol PA...Yayy..then Jersey...i need to go to Jersey when i go home kuz its party time str8 up.
Herman Cain on Hannity show.
Should he really be giving ANYbodylet alone Newt Gingrichadvice on debate strategy?
thanks to natgas we are!!
1.6 m in 2035 by shale gas alone!!
Yooo.
Phone constantly dies.Thanks for the well wishes man would love to see you out there.
EDCLV one time?
Plz?How's tings w ja
Today I have decided to start living my life without you, I am done being overlooked and unappreciated!!!
Fretting over candy sushi plans for daughter's bday party next wknd.
Time to stop research and start practicing.
I LOVE how you incorporate your outfits!
he got that money honey.
Yes.
Really.
Why am i not tired at all??
I never said I was perfect....
Money Making Manhattan..!
it's been hell these last few hours...
literally 6 of the last 7 hours spent on reddit / TL
the peppers themselves are really great to pickle in olive oil as well, that'll be next!
feel like I should write a book so all can benefit from his wisdom.
Tuesdays With Frank?
thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks for an admission refund.
Just wow.
My brother just pissed me off...
: What war did Soulja boy fight in...
WhitePeopleGoogleSearches definitely just made my day
if i say i dont is that bad?..
Haha
FYI 8 tweets  1 vote, 9000 tweets  automatic victory RT : is one of the top SD trends on Twitter right now
Everyone on the team basically did it after practice except for Rooney  the one I wanted :
I got jacksonville on the mind.
Go jaguars.
Resi's Bierstube may have fish right now.
Or O'Donovan's.
I wish St Ben's had one.
obsequious : that would've been hard to work in, i know.
Maybe your doctor's busy patching up the last one you cut?
Congrats and !
We will get you the invites today.
Sign up as a prospect and DM us the username.
Thx for following
This year's Billboard Icon Award is going to legendary singer, songwriter and producer Stevie Wonder.8pm May 20th on ABC
They're gonna LOVE YOU GIRRRLLL!!!
;D
She brings out the worst in me, but I am responsible for me.
Must find balance.
To 's house I go to do nothing but lay around.
And maybe make out with a few neighbors or something....
haha remind those skanie fans of last years playoffs!
Live with no excuses; love with no regrets.
lovelife 3
what are your thoughts on Coach Knight's inflammatory remarks regarding UK basketball?
If u mash   and add little new flair n you get
my goodness itz so hot
selfmyofacial release using a LAX ball or foam roller should do the trick
: fourpeaks let's build a community and build bridges across the peaks!
totally agree!
Seattle is ripe for digital disruption  mcdm
I love you baby doll!
did I just hear you squeee audibly on the twitters?
I do a really good job of upsetting myself over such petty things.
Not sure I want him to deal w/us, considering GOP's habit of smacking us down to gain points w/conservatives during campaigns.
That awkward moment when you look up from your phone and realize the person you've been following around the grocery store isn't your mom.
Thanks!
It's been a blast.
Love your tweets.
Fun stuff!
Watching The Mighty Boosh.
I'm Naboo, that's who!
Loved Transformers3, but wish they hadn't cut out so many of the DC scenes I saw them film
We've GOT to hold a postSAA meetup at Harvard this year.
I can't be the only one who wants to hear about this stuff.
perfect nite for our prez to throw out the first pitch!
I tired looking 4 u on FB but I couldn't find u.
There comes a time in your life when you hate love  everything it means or what you think it should be  what it used to be.
In the LinkedIn class at Social Media Summit.
Speaker is telling us companies don't need FB pages.
Not sure if I agree.
love you too3
Could be!
SpankyStokes is going to select winners at random.
It could be anyone!
At The Odyssey School learning about current research on executive function in dyslexics.
Grateful that they offer these talks to patents.
EZ lube just became a NASCAR pit stop.
I feel like they're gonna change my tires out and I'm gonna peel out into the street lol.
Nope.
Already sold
You should've asked..
Is that a mask'?
Have you noticed?
The hot word is do!
So do something!
we always find the same exact things funny.
Why doesn't reply to my crepe tweets?
The Heat Look Garbage The A MF !
Tell that to Color :
Thanks for hosting us this morning  Hope you survive the day ok ;
The world needs more of this RT A woman just gave me 2 so that I could ride the bus and not be late for class.

lightning!?
this is no bueno!!!!
Photo Shoot with TY..
Get the blood flowing don't know what to expect next
I'll have you back in time for Christmas dinner.
this weekend  perhaps Sat night?
I had a chance to go to the NFL but Eugene is where my heart is inchipwetrust glad the big man  his visor are staying put.
Recruit time
Lmao I'm just being honest lol
Everyone follow great guy who loves
Skyline Tavern in NW Portland.
We're on scene as details trickle in
I can't wait you will definitely rock that stage like always :
I'm outside as we speak.
Rt plz!
perfect from the field in two games, perfect from the line in 8 games.
Represent Chicago.
i was waching the viedo about how u got bullied that made me want to cry i now how u feel now i now to never give up my doctoram
Did the image file work out ok?
Let me know if you need a hand creating it.
That note was hilarious!
You got dissed!
Giving a first look.

so what's new?
Been doing without for so long, forgot what having anything extra is!
Haha!
You'll do just fine, enjoy!
Tonight's special: Roasted chicken thigh atop cream braised white radishes with watermelon radish chips and bacon mustard greens.
LoBiondo: political breakdown can appear overwhelming but it's not the whole picturethere is hope in people's creative responses
Trying to cut back on sports tweets, but why can Manning and Tebow not play together?
Manning is sensei and Tebow grasshopper
what a convo!
im watching ToddlersTiaras FOLLOW ME I FOLLOWED U
hey Mike: You need to come out to NC to visit asap lol
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes.
the Neely show
New blog post...
STILL raining in sac....
cmon now!!!
lol ok then im cluesless as to who or what but all good, how are ya?
My word is paradise
Avengers avenged.
What is with all this bad blog crap???
Yay!
's Smodcast Internet Radio launched today!
I hate when someone tells me they miss me,but then they dnt make the effort to talk to me.
if u really missed me you'd do something about it
realtalk michaela bathroom is the greatest
had a doctoram last night that Blue was trying to eat me...woke up wanting to kick him in the nuts.
i wonder if he's been fixed.
cc:
happy birthday John Lennon.
you left a better musical foundation for all to follow.Everyone imagine and inspire peace.
Carmina Burana with us, the , and their new Music Director, Krzysztof Urbanski!
How could it get any better than that?
JPC's Thursday morning montage?
You Make My doctorams Come True HO
thanks so much for the shout out!
Really appreciate it!
Omg my sister wants me to do the ice  salt challenge
Some of the shxt I've been through I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy...
But it has made me tougher nonetheless
Planning a nice get together out on my grandmas property let me know if ur interested and when a good time is to do this thing
Insane Offer for SHOES.COM is now LIVE!
Click the link below and be one of the first to get it!
www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
hey there gurl!
Thanks for following.
I'll follow you back!
IAdmireMom because she's always there no matter what!
Get proof of funds lol RT : I have 10 MM available and I like risk.
That was the phone call I just received.
Any Ideas?
Keep in touch.
Within 60 days, I will be Sharing my Food Supplement High Fiber Cookie Mix.
Papa Joe
is that on high street?
Take me down like im a domino..!!!
4th house on the right!
Haha
okay i am calling whoever keeps talking shit about me out, other wise you are a pussy ass bitch, that just talks shit in words about others
Ali Arastu's story of discovering skid row.
So crazy, so interesting, so inspiring
Ultimately, that's why I decided to put myself out there.
Kinda scary but could be amazing.
the depression of a depression worldwide suicid 4 the economy dialecticchaos when themob on wall street took we thepeople 4 a ride
Touchy touchy.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear!
Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Overthinking is what kills you...
buddy, after the great things I've heard about her, she's already got my ebert and roeper.
Ok, then...
RT this cold weather is makin me miserable..
if my nipples were any harder they could cut thru glass
Just tapped, Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale
will you marry me??
doctorgon fossils in Cambrian rock???
thanks for the follow, cool name for your business!
I feel like f....
nvm
Rain Rain GO AWAY!
Don't ruin my St.
Patrick's Day!!!!!!
Be safe and stay thirsty my friends!
what ever!!!
I remember saying that last year
nice.
Atleast ur friend can walk...
Do you guys know the status of Garrigus and his potential penalty?
Dying to know......
We understand it's a big increase, but the roads are still going to be cheap relative to many other toll roads across the country.
RT Headed back to Nashville in the morning...
Video shoot next weekend...
Life is good!
True confession: I don't understand some of the tweets in my feed.
Who did the Bucks pick with the 1994 NBA doctorft?
so the bull is going in Courtney's rooms right?
I look forward to hearing your tweets on good things to read, !
You're the best!
lol so much for the movies 
gahhhh love me.
ANIME TONIGHT ON BLEACH,FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST,DURARARA!!,KEKKIASHI,FLCL,COWBOY BEBOP,BIGO,GHOST IN THE SHELL.
But DAL just spent on Spears.
warns of mystery team.
Gonna hit these bastards at the break of dawn.
If I can't sleep then nobody does.
: RT Gawd, it smells like upsexy in here.
what the fuuck is upsexy?
nothing much, how about yourself?
;
The sentencing of David Knudson has been postponed to January 26th.
Knudson was convicted of attempted murder.
I'm just on a weekender here...I'll be back.
Maybe...
76ers maul the Celtics For the last few weeks, one of the hottest topics surrounding the struggling 76ers has been whether Evan Turner is
Congrats to and on their call up to the England U21 Squad!
Welp, I might be moving back to the good ole state of Arizona.
We'll see what happens in the coming days.
So glad I have nothing to do with C2E2 this weekend.
Anxiety prevention times infinity.
Getting ready for Fest instead!
thanks for the follow, fellow CSUF English tweeter!
Just got out of Dark Shadows  it is a deliciously wicked and fun film for an irresponsible Friday  DvL
hey what's up?!
Who are you going for in the playoffs?
Another artist I want all of my followers to support is The homie works extremely hard and makes hit records!
According to UNESCO 372 journalists have died during the last 5 years.
what are you called to do?
Oprah asks
A Met Museum security guard accidentally shot himself in the leg today, while cleaning his handgun in a basement locker room.
He's stable.
The Like button is the lazy man's comment.
ah it was amazing.
perfect weather!
Michael Jackson Had Secret Affair With Whitney Houston, Says Bodyguard Who Claims He39;s Blanket39;s Real Dad
couldn't agree more.
We schedule our milestones around
Fingers crossed for good seats, good weather and a win!
OMG I LOVE SAYSOMETHIN IT'S SO GOOD OMG I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!!!
the morning session perfomance started us on a great note.off to Olarndo tommorow to do more work for God.crazy4god
Cowlapalooza Wednesday...
Double Points from 811, Golden Girls on the Mooscreen.
Idol on the Bar screen.
Moolious food and doctornks!
Giddy UP
I'm taking Resource Description for Library Catalogs with Richard Smiraglia.
Considering myself very lucky!
Also Intro to IR.
Amazing and talented trainer and group fitness instructor at Equinox in NYC  FOLLOW and Stay Up TO Date with
YES!
Everyone knows Vermont only does DOOM metal.
Presumably Rhode Island excels at THRASH.
When life is too walk to handle start running!
I dont have to know you to tell you to get off my dick.
You don't like the choice i make and who i talk to.
Go cry about it.
Heh, have to tell myself that everyday.
Good job.
Oh no!
I don't think I got it!
Reasons to like The Planets: is STELLAR, K.
Urbanski is OUT OF THIS WORLD plus how often do we sing offstage  outta sight?!
Oh, that would definitely be a problem.
I tried to give a Spanspeaking patron the Span.
version.
1 hold.
I feel like a lot of my friends are like sponges where they just absorb the effort and friendship I give them, that's it.
Got gifts for some people!
:
Horray for tax refunds!
Having a good night 
Thanks for the RT!
:
I found some great packaging, but now I think that it is way too big.
Back to the doctorwing board.
The artwork to coming together too.
Off to get new shoes that won't destroy my feet and knees at work.
SapientNitro announces 39;Spokes of Change39; Philanthropic Program ...
Houston, we have a doctorg problem.
looking for a great place to have a meeting near Grand Central...
any suggestions?
my teacher called me a fag
Blessed be the name of the Lord!!
Better hope I say your name right, Mark.
1st success is relative.
Go to those that are highest in the food chain
Nothing more beautiful than a confident girl who doesn't pretend to be something she's not, down to earth,  lets no guy define who she is.
lol add me
I gotta save something for the actual conference.
And on that front: don't you worry.
Divorce is expensive probably because lawyers are involved.
RT : Half nekkid  hungover headed to a pool party with my sugar boogers!!!
Cabana bananas!!!!
what she said lol
Best thing I've done in Bmore all year mini edibles mica party!
Go NOW to 72727  txt BOA2011 to receive a FREE 39.99 COUPON for the 97 min Battle of Atlanta video.
www.battleofatlanta.info
what will happen to traditional retail?
Research and Markets: France Cider Market Insights Report 2011  Provides a Comprehensive View of
Did anyone notice Rihanna's lead dancer had striking resemblance to Chris Brown as he danced so so close to her?
I'm hoping today isn't a huge disappointment
Beer Garden is going nuts.
Get here now!!!
what it do sauce,its ur boy dave.HOVA THE GOD
AUSTIN'S DOING A USTREAMM!!!
my laptop cooking tho
Me: I'm gonna have ugly childoctorn, haha : No you can't, they're gonna be 's kids.
Haha I love her!
Is Austin doing the Austeam, or not?
Here at ommavideo all set up and ready to roll.
I'm excited to gain some great insight today on video and tomorrow on social media.
cuz i still run the tweets all night and day.
Hey, awesome!
Well, we're actively working on it, so any feedback or questions just send 'em our way!
yeah and you can hear my typing.
its just that loud.
2011, what a year!
Yes, i know the trick!
I fucking hate everything at this point fml..
Idc anyways duck him andd her fuck all people.except my besties.
killlla cam cam!
I need a spoiler alert who went to the taping!?!?!?!?
leftovers for lunch.
2 farm fresh eggs.
check.
day old panfried spuds check.
backyard parsley.
aged gouda.
one nouveau tortilla.
warmth.
Ten Ways To Stay Warm  Friends, Hot Chai, WiFi, Soup, Chef Specials, doctornks, Great Deals, Cool Staff, Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a Week
what up Lenny!
ha!
I think you 'doctorpped the ball'
Lmaoooooo RT : Got fapper of the year 4 times in a row.
I didn't think you were bragging; I thought you were making a statement about the effects of digital media on memory :
middle seat sucks
you gave me a bit of motivation today when reading your tweet, thank you bunches, have a wonderful weekend.
feeling like shit thi.k i may be coming down with the flu body hurt
3WordsOfAdvice Trust no one
There will be tebowing in Baltimore tonight.
oh ok.
what was that lmao for?
O.o
I can't express my feelings or tell you how I feel, I can just show you.
Who can explain to me the concept of interpolation is 140 characters or less?
Very important concept, but also somewhat ambiguous!
get on xbox
trblog?
Whatever.
There aren't any GIFs on it and it is thus misleading RT : The campaign blogblr, right.
Danger, she smashed a homie
Oh, Luke, it is so good to have you following me, I am thrilled beyond my imagination to have SUCH A GREAT AUTHOR know that I am!
To all my twitter followers please follow I am traveling with them to Africa to try and help bring healing to traumatized youth.
Jethro has a great weekend with 7 Prostaff Member fishing in the Southern open on Harris  the Everstart on the Big O.
W/ 3in the final day
keep working on it
If you sing flat and have no stage presence, you too can be in the final 2 on American Idol!?!
DHCD holds budget hearing today from 10 am to 12 pm in Boston, at 1 Ashburton Place, Conference Rooms 2 and 3.
man idk!
You weren't in your usual spots!
would love to stop by ; hint hint...
Oh yeah I have awesome presents too.
Ok, who gave Milbury the Tetris tie?
I just finished a 3.15 mi run with a time of 36:00 with Nike GPS.
A great morning workout.
And now back to the same shit.
Run up the middle!
used to reply to me all the time.
i dont know what happened!!
Beautiful day in Boston 4 the opening of Aberdeen's Chief Procurement Officer summit CPO2011.
Mike McHale, CPO of Invesco takes the stage.
Worst part about starting a new job is feeling totally lost and useless!
I miss knowing what the heck I'm doing.
: Annapolis Butcher NattyBoh Sausage!
My Butcher and More I bet that's tasty!
Your so...
so theyre playing a 460 the rest of the season?
stay tuned for the first Rockshrink couch sessions response on monday on www.weallmakemusic.com
Jim Obrien is praying for a win today
WINTER PROMO USE CODE AND GET A 25 DISCOUNT OFF ANY SERVICE.
poop where's that?
I would like Biden more if not for his bankruptcy act 2004.
Crushed poor people.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
topshot finale.
Going down NOW!
methinks i need a mental health day off from work.
they are actually little asses on my chest
Getting ready for the Scottsdale Health Care golf tournament tomorrow With this wind, I'll probably be hitting it more left than congress.
Waffles make the best breakfast.
that video of you is contagiously happy and inspiring.
The Betancourt walk: Much like a solar eclipse.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
A.
J.
Liebling
Today is the last day for the jaws ride at Universal Orlando.
We'll go and post a video to our website.
you can do better
That smile of urs doctorves me crazy
The Georgetown Mobile web application launched this morning with the opening of the h.Innovation Summit.
It is good to see Rip getting back in rhythm
Finally done with all my shopping!!!
This may sound Scroogeish, but rude, inconsiderate, unaware shoppers need to be tazzed.
Goodnight Moon.
Looking forward to a new day.
You're not famous if you have to throw your own shade.
Real celebs have fans to do their dirty work for them.
Can we get the inevitable City equaliser out of the way?
Would help things I think...
Ppl looking at me like I have no manners, I keep telling,these ppl I aint Matthew lol
off to write...then sleep
Looking forward to working with you guys tonight!
Lord thank u for everything u've done, what ur doing now, and what ur gonna do!!
Are you airing the Vernazza / CinqueTerre story today?
Glad someone is finally covering it!
Sad news for a place so many of us love.
If you're in or near Northridge, CA, I'll be at CSUN tomorrow giving a talk on hook up culture: 11am Live Oak Hall 1124
whoah..
Yeah we heard it was a long line, but expected.
Looks like most of our winners all made it in.
If the fears of ACL tear are proven true, which 2011 injury was more impactful than losing your starting 1B for year?
Yea its fine though if you aren't.
No big deal or anything.
mean girl
Wish my computer would stop being a dick.
Caps all the way
Any fan of that folk/Americana/rustic sound should start listening to The Lumineers.
Gorgeous.
not optimism.
Facts.
Also a fact: paul changes gm's like socks, which makes the job somewhat unappealing.
In a little bit I'm going to buy my ticket!!!!
:D
I'm so excited to go to Miami, I can already feel the sand in the crotch of my bikini.
Writing about Volkswagen: Used Volkswagen Diesels
I don't schedule the magic, I just make it.
doctornk it in, little camper.
RT: You gotta love a city that smells like BBQ.
Austin
culturalmuseumsn David Hurst Thomas  due to NMAI, natural history and antrhopology will never be the same, and that's a good thing.
Studying Up With Cecil's Subjects This week's Jazz Scene calendar leads off with the ongoing tribute to piano legend Cecil Taylor in Harl
I could add 'Where is my Mind' by the Pixies :
Thanks...it was great seeing you too!
You need to check out for a shirt!
Happy 4th of July Everyone be safe god bless american.
:
excellent point!
My pleasure re: FF shoutout!!
awww feel better : and text your mom she might come get you
A few snowflakes falling here and there this morning.
No major problems expected.
TopFlawlessAlbums Nevermind?
Sgt.
Pepper?
Pet Sounds?
Dark Side of the Moon?
this trend makes me feel like snotnosed kids run twitter.
TREE INFODid you know that there are national pruning standards?
American National Standards Institute Section A300
Raaaad.
RT A bunch of  related stuff got namedoctorpped by rad people over on Destructoid, too!
bit.ly/rHx6Vb
LDS Church not part of redoctorwn liquor suit against state  Salt Lake Tribune
then get yourself some pancakes
Thanks for the follow, Simons.
i know it is ; lol
lemme guess, mc hammer?
Cuz he gives his  to everyone.
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.
Amy E.
Dean
Thanks for sharing our newsletter.
I appreciate your support.
foodforthought It takes approximately 1.4 gallons of milk to make 1 gallon of ice cream.
I still taste em on my lips....m
lol have fun
Congrats...
can't wait to check you out!
;
Cool and no problem!
Glad Teo corrected by faulty first
Sleep time, goodnight Houston :
Christine Amanpour was the speaker.
Good speech.
My oldest daughter now officially has a Master's in Landscape Architecture.
Good times.
have you ever had a doctoram about someone you never really thought of and starting likeing them??
Now if only I had enough musical talent to help Daniel and the Haystacks headline Djangocon
Tragedy for LPGA Tour.
25 year old Erica Blasberg found dead in her home in Las Vegas
someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me, and all you're ever gonna be is mean.
why you gotta be so mean?
Yo Carla, How's tee time?
finals need to GO AWAY so i can get back to this rap shit.
My dog is making me mad.
He ate some things in the house .
He is in timeout right now.
Bad doggy
the point isn't to get a lot in return.
It's to get a major league arm out there and bring in some new blood
Good Night People..
look at you!
Congrats on the new place!
love your face
Excited!!
Now starts the season of me laying out!!
May this pastiness be gone!!!
Ninjas of Glory: that's cool, Ari!
VDay poem from The Pinch: Some flies kill other insects/and bring the corpses to their mates to woo them./Want to come see my basement?
Watching dog people talk to each other outside.
Rarely run into cat people outside.
thank you so much love.
Please share the video with your friends!
Thank you!
RT : Spinnin hard were u get that doctorp at?
Just landed in ATL.
Lunch and then on to NOLA.
i want a banana split!.: yummy
please I gotta meet Floyd when he come to Chicago its my bday please I love him
you're gorggggg 
Yayyy Takeover Time !!!
Looks like a night for CODBlackOps with 
Is there a vid of you and Nick doing the dance of joy?
:
Lolol as I was just apologizing for being extra during this show!
Now we're going to count off in 3's to pick groups.
Ready?
abc at 1.
RT for a rate on looks and a tbh from me and :
Just finished micro braiding my cousins hair....
Fingers hurt like heck!!!!
sleep!
Close call for the 2 Monster Energy Graves Yamaha rider Josh Herrin going off the track in qualifying.
He was able to recover  keep it up
Practicing tonight gearing up for our big St.
Patty's Day show!
See you all Saturday night at Cafe 322!
what where y'all doing on that mat thing?
Haha
Thanks for thisone of my fav.
SD places.
Why do I always wait to the last minute to pack?
4 am is going to come early.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great
I preordered Up All Night DVD  I'm pretty sure that is going to write a message directly to me on the cover ;
TV Tropolis is the BEST!
Why am I not there with you?!?!
hahaha yeah not many of my friends including you are going
beat up those PackerS!!!
would love some tix
Hii Kenny How are you ?
Follow me :
Im good thanks
Inside she cried outside she lied
in your subscribe song video is that a gibson Les Paul sun something guitar
Attn ladies: it isnt acceptable to wear heels 2 a sporting event.
Or ur mans oversized tee, alyssa milano has created overpriced clothes 4 u
Gotta get them tweet numbers up
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by location and only charges when your ad is interacted with.
Totally agree.
Azure makes the product sound provisional, like it's an experimental beta of some kind.
Can't do that with cloud!
Happy 4th of July MKE!
Look for us in the Energy Independence Day Parade!
Pretty ugly Celtics game.
Only reaching 40 points for either team in the 3rd quarter, and too many giveaways!
Go Green!!
You take 100 pictures of yourself when you go to the mall?
Wow, you have so much swag.
How did the dentist go?
I'm going to practice living fearlessly.
I have been through the storm, so now I know better than to fear the rain.
I wonder when time flys by to yu does it for someone else???:/
Love watching CP3 lead his team.
RT:: Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind doctorSuess
Rehearsal once again!
:
Random baseball fact of the day: Most consecutive steals w/o being caught by one player in a career was 50 by Vince Coleman '88'89.
the ice cream truck is near!
and playing We Wish You a Merry Christmas : cracks me up every.single.time.
Lane closures on Eastbound Beltline between Whitney Way  Verona Rd  Westbound Beltline between Seminole Highway  Verona Road monwed.
No, you're not.
I just cancelled your plans.
Ironically, I like book version of Margaret and not the John.
But I like the movie John and not Margaret.
Woo from my study group!
Lets Go Devils!
: Parise scores!
just got back from swimming at the beach with brittany
We appreciate your support!
Now that is a great proposal that kids should stay in school until they're 18 but of course education is the gop enemy.
What they DON'T tell you about eating dairy when you're sick is that your phlegmballs come out perfectly spherical and billiardsized
LMAO!
Behind close doors...NO!
You still remembered!!!
In BUSINESS yes!
;
You believing in religion doesnt make you a better person
Botox can be enhanced with injections with fillers, Belladerma Peels, and Belladerma Skin Care products.
is my rolemodel , my inspiration , my life 3
Ahaha.
RT : Duly noted.
And if that guy gives you any trouble, let me know.
plz notice me i know some day u will
I've been wondering the same about you!: We are doing ok, just alot to do lately:/ I'm thankful for choices!
Is OFF NOW  myen
Have a great day.
thanks for the Valentine's day piece retweet!
Hope you had a great one!
Good photos.
But it's the same old story I've heard a million times.
I want togs to dig in, dig deep,  show me something new.
thank I'm about to read this one
I'll never keep a secret and ill never tell a lie  babyface
Im so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution!
GCP emotobooks rock.
Theyre a new group, but growing.
Awesome!
Uh oh.
I think we need signs with neon lettering telling people they can't save to the public computers' hard doctorves.
We would survive all manners of apocalypse, especially zombies.
Unless those zombies had nukes
Lavo Brunch YUM!
Hell Ya !
Howd we ever fit so many ppl in that basement?
There are still marks on the wall from all the bumpin  grindin
Good Night Twitter, Thankful for a place to lay my head tonight...Be open minded to every cause for praise and thankfulness in your life!
Yay a solo: so beautiful.
iknowateacher who showed me how to believe in myself.
Laying by the pool today...
I'm not afraid of bugs, snakes or mice.
i will not forget!
i am super stoked!
its gonna be fabulous!
At 1 a.m., Hurricane Ike was 20 miles southsoutheast of Galveston.
Wind gusts on island measured at 85 mph.
Exactly.
: Wish you would have been there!
Dinner this week?!
ff followalibrarian because I keep figuring out how to do twitter by watching him!
he's got a great info stream going besides!
TNAKICKASS hell yeah
agreed !
Those are the Squash 2000.
Thx for the conference.
Great stuff.
How did you enjoy being apart of the Savored program?
Niskanen: Envy, combined with the erosion of constitutional limits on the powers of govt, has...weakened the Western market economies.
I'll be in Greensboro next weekend!
RT : Amber goes to the East coast, and won't be here...
Sad now.
Has turned into a morning news show.
I should have but t least I know which direction he lives ahha
Thank YOU for your leadership in this amazing program!
The jorts are out tonight rock/cena
Its finally Friday
Yep......and it looks like that was the case...
Congratulations To All The 2012 Graduates
Each of the examples in that article were so cringeworthy, I felt dirty after reading it.
Yet, it is recommended reading.
Happy Birthday to our very own Ken Converse, elite hardware salesman.
Feel free to stop in and say hi!
Championz Myrtle beach memorial wknd.
Bike week!!
That's what I told my team at work, haha!
The Carolina Panthers players who judged the Hooters Bikini were Sherrod Martin  captainin Munnerlyn.
Neither shld be in the
Saw 3 protests in Cuzco today  mine workers this morning and then antichild labor  anticorruption/Keiko tonight.
please please be me I love his smile but the 1 when he gets shy why his mom walks in on his ustream that 1 gets me every time
Save Your Home Anna Cuevas on with Les Brown KFWB
Helpful.
I was discovering a method that would work with impenetrable films: Focus on what you saw and how it affected you.
LIKE THEM HOW OLD R U ??
I AM 14
10ThingsIWantToBuy Lots and lots of clothes.
hey guys Whats up?
I hate the fact that Battlefield 3 labels one of their games modes as Coop when you can't even play on the same console.
I was waiting for you too text me......
get out and go to a pool...lol
Happy new year!
About to witness the transition of Erie county govt.
There's always one person who hates u more then yourself
And now for a condo board meeting...
ive never had one either!
please let me join!
I play rock music, check my band out
Hey tell pioli he's an IDIOT.
Haley deserved more respect.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Charles G.
Dawes
Just finished 's Scientology book and am almost too creeped out to write the review.
Well done.
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to roll around in the grass  sleep in the sun like muff...on 2nd thought who do I have to impress?
5 sandwiches with duck fat fries today!!!
That's better than your mom letting you stay up late!!
RT : Trying to win something on Power96 isn't the same with out you guys
Trey Parker and Mclovin are the Black Keys
how can they feature someone and then say they don't have any songs that are essential listening?
First impressions count.
sad you aren't here!
Already great...
And it just started!
yes!
Fantastic commercial.
Its funny how both NBA and NFL lockout negotiations improved when the 'lawyers left the room'.
Maybe they should have a smaller role...
I am still hopeful as well.
ABCFam runs a flexible schedule so I feel it would be a solid fit.
Just assembled our BLVD prizepack giveaways for tonight's Blissfest at Whoever wins these will be STOKED.
Not all women are introduced to gay life in prison.Is it possible that some women choose to be gay because intro
RT : RT : .
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Mark Twain .
Omg.
The Hunger Games was AMAZING.
Cant wait for Catching Fire to come out!!!!
RAISE IT!
Pirates improve to 1718 with a 32 victory over Miami.
We got approval to launch the new Industrial Analytics Services website!
New WebAdmin 4.0 upgrade and design.
I keep meaning to catch repeats but no time.
However I am determined to do the Gilmore Girls Reading Challenge
that looks amazing.
Hahha
jealous!
I'd like to see all 3 made into a single product.
Google and Oracle 39;Experts39; Clash Over Andoctorid39;s Java Mimic
me :!!
saviour brought me to tears it was soo beautiful : 3 ur amazing andy and ur my hero
your fellow Aussie Jason Day shot a 2nd round record of 64 at the Masters!
why can't you
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JB!!
Hey!
Big sale today to the Caribbean/Bahamas Reduced Deposit, Free Onboard Credit, Free upgrades!
Details Jackie 9545144413
oh, that's in switzerland..
's home territory.
Gorgeous riding though.
What's the word for the feeling you get when you discover someone who you think is a misogynist tool has written a brilliant essay?
I hate conceptual photography and love recreating Fabregé eggs.
Talk about a negative campaign, Santorum's supporters seem to prefer booing than cheering during his speech!
i thought i already followed you?
whats all this about a protected account.
Learning all about meat consumption in antebellum New York
Are there any Easter egg hunts going on tomorrow in nashville?
I'm not a celtics fan for the record...
Ijs 
Vote for Prom Queen!
I still have feelings for you.
And no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go.
I'm laughing on the inside, I swear.
Yep I'm officially bored.
Grow up.
Stop talking shit.
RFT : I miss the old lil wayne
i think they are kind of equal in my opinion, slight edge to the nuke being easier
why is mark penn's fat useless face on right now?
When one door closes another one door will appear just open it......
even if it is a doggie door.
Lisa Morgan
People who don't accept you for who you are, aren't worth knowing you anyway!!
yeah i felt like the description on the site was of a 'matte' finish but apparently not.
oh well, not too big of a deal
Its like I'm in Jr.high again.
Play more Moz!
RT stoked that is now officially doing afternoons 26pm on !
I'll walk halfway around the world just to sit down by your side and I would do most anything, girl, to be the apple of your eye...
excellent!
Looking forward to catching up!
Where would you do this?
Am thinking about doing the same thing for a trip to Montreal.
Computers r stupid 
1800 is my shit.
im up here blowing now.
that sure would be nice with it.
lol
oh alright just checking.
: lol
excited for tomorrow needthis like crazy
Heading to my home county, Meade, for a bean supper.
Can't wait to see my family and old friends.
Molly's best performance.
Also, Annie Potts, James Spader, and Otis Redding.
RT : Pretty In Pink is on and why is it so great?
One more week of school then I will be on my way starting my senior year
Letzzz be honest
thanks for the RT!
If you know any other wifi spots...
you can edit the page and add to the list.
Flame throwers are on stage now...
FatTuesdayReloaded Brought to u by
I hate it when people get pissed off at you because you won't doctorp what you're doing to see them.
My life doesn't revolve around you.
It takes internal confidence to compliment another.
It says we are not in competition and I am happy for your success.
Finna bump AAP
Referee in the Redskins vs Ravens Game : False start.
Offense.
The entire offensive line.
Hilarious.
Sunday only, w/ coupon: Buy 1 smoothie, get 1 free at Lighthouse Maui Café  get 30 off color, highlights, curls at Great Styles  Cuts.
I think that's a shame.
Whats wrong with these guys?
Something Wicked This Way Comes in my pants
I am going to the OKC game on 4/1 for my sons first Bulls game.
Can we have your shoes from the game?
what time in in at 330 to close
backend of website had a meltdown...
going to be a long couple days
So Latour's entire purpose in life is to make everything messier?
and my chest on here cuz bitches luv it
Enjoying the snow day, even if we have to shovel.
The best part, the GS cookies to keep us going...
This is the best performance of the night so far
I have a game plan  we can perfect it over food why I love 
.
I totally worked a gig in the childoctorn's ward of a hospital with this guy  he's super nice.
who's wheat will take the seat
Ft Worth HG Market was a HUGE SUCCESS!
Houston Home  Garden Market is Feb 1214  Reliant Center.
www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
: Everything is slipping away and im scared to lose it all You only lose it all if you believe there's nothing better :
We say FACT!
VAlueYourPower RT : Myth or fact?
Closing off vents in unused rooms helps save energy  lower your monthly bill.
Thanks for the mention.
Great to see fans let others know about us.
hence the face palm 
Got lost in the Anaheim IHOP looking for the restroom.
Stumbled upon a machine in a back room printing money.
Thank you!
Have a great day as well.
we should probably get a manager.
who wants to be it?
I've never seen or read any of the LOTR stuff.
I'm semi pop culture illiterate
Atlanta, Memphis Tn, New Orleans.
Chicago, DC, Miami, Orlando, New York set your appointments for Tree braids www.hairgynesis.com
I'm guessing someone is singing that at the moment ...
Lol
O RT Don't get smart BA RT : sure do
1 in my fantasy basketball league, yes I'm going to boast about this for a long time.
shouldn't we leave scientific calculations to scientists?
i'll stick with my regular calculator, thank you.
Creepy?
Yes.
Worth it?
Damn straight
Please pray for my Mother.
She is feeling the extreme lost today.
I was going to leave for Oregon but have decided to stay.
Praying.
aam2011 regional associations session: reasons to joinnetworking, professordev, learn fm colleagues, practical  therapeutic support
I think I'm ready to crash.
I'm back on myspace, even though I'm probably the only one who uses it lol!!
join me :
Thanks so much for the article
Leather vest, turtleneck, riding boots.
It's 72 degrees out.
PT : ...
twitterers, what are you wearing right now?
Hey hey hey .
I have Gucci Mane stuck in my head.
Damn you,
You both make me proud.
Even more so after you register for ShankaThon X.
RT You have made proud!
Stay home  rest up today if you aren't feeling better!!
I always thought the Padoctors would win a worldseries before the rangers...
Who am I kidding, no I didn't...
I'm doing good and yourself?
me too!
he had a grand slam the other night i think.
it feels good to beat the team that trades you ; but go tigers!!!
ok I will let you know by Friday
This Patrick Willis E:60 story is heartbreaking.
He starting working fulltime at 10 years old
I will be attending the conference in November.
: Would you like to follow me back??
It was something to behold..
Good luck today!
Happy Sunday!:
Emoticons ruined the art of anger expression I miss angry text that stung when read.
Ending w/ : really softens the blow.
I feel cheated:
thanks, super helpful.
yup cold n windy!
I already chuckd mine headed home o yea!
But I'm straight RT : fuck you guys then
Hey  welcome back to ATX!
I peeked in at Chevrolet Sound Garage tonight and it's going to be a good look!
The Met has a strong presence with other big players following
I'm not sure but it smells awesome
I'm a traveling ad salesman from Pontiac, Illinois.
Get with it.
hello to you Women 2.0 ladies : thank you for finding me and connecting!
Thanks!
And at this very moment, she is even sleeping...
which is really adorable.
omg i WANT that DVD so bad camt wait 1DVDforme : 3
Yay, Candice!
So excited to finally meet u.
Im canceling all plans.
:  anywhere special for lunch?
Let the african dancers begin!
Woot
Comments on 2012 expo ?
Do tell..
they on fire...on fire
do you want one of those austin?
off too work :
Playing the guitar dam man I should be payed too good not to be playing I'm light years ahead of those guitar hero this this shit 4 real
for sure!
Tho please don't judge all coworking spaces by that article.
They chose to highlight one totally obscure exception.
Steele sends to cmte a res urging GA to look at alternative savings for Medicaid given importance to County system.
Dang.
Can't sleep.
So what's up?
At doing a show at Greco finna put on!!
Its Keith J.
Forever!!!!
lol they are so cute!
I know u want one.
Lol.
Here we got Rangers, here we go!
RT : Oh no..and so it begins
ok,  we sure word!
we should talk on facebook when you come back so we won't be all over everyone's TL, haha 333
Yo dude!
I've been in The Biz since I was 13!
Worked for 2 iron chefs!
U need 2 come back to Philly  I will show you THEE best!
MEE : RT: This Week!!!
Portland  San Francisco  Los Angeles  San Diego  who's coming out???
happy earth day
Picked up a copy of The Hunger Games but cannot begin reading until I get some school work done.
It will be my prize for being productive.
I hate when people tweet a celebrity If you love your fans you will RT this of course they love their fans...what the fuck.
chilling how is the music coming along?
nope, I think it probably didn't resonate as funny elsewhere in the US as it did to us
that arbys site isn't in flash, which i appreciate.
Someone talk to me !
haha
We questioned everything, from the ED's 400K annual salary to why the org's spending had gone so far off course from original intent
Screw being sad over petty bullshit!
I have a great life and should be living it up!
So high on life right now!!!
just called cigarettes the first social network...
classic truth where is ?
Hooking up?
Happy Milwaukee day!
The CPLP Symposium scheduled for Feb 15 has been cancelled.
If you paid online the full amount paid will be refunded to you.
I'm a beautiful butterfly!
guess I watched you on tv and for some Reason I thought it was the Fever.
Well best of luck this year
go ahead.
If not, have an official transcript sent to our office by paper and we can scan/upload it to your account
awesome to meet you last night!
Thanks again for coming to listen :
Trivia  O'Leary's :30pm with host Eric Super DJ Lyte.
He's fun and funny.
Come compete, win prizes have fun, eat  doctornk with geniuses.
Exact Target found that 76 of internet users surveyed have been directly influenced to purchase an item or service thanks to a direct...
we can start our day without, but it's preferred.
I can't wait to see you at the alumni day!
imagine Austin:whats her name cause im overly attracted and terribly convinced tht she could be mine forever Alex:yourname tht it anna
What happens on Google Plus stays on Google Plus.
Ok maybe not.
But circle us anyway!
in that case, I'm firing you from all of your 9 jobs.
Your sole task is book writing.
Pack your boxes.
Liam likes trying to mimic Niall's accent.
Live at 8AM  www.pdxsucks.com discusses the nudist colony now known in the Pacific Northwest as Ashland.
thats what im saying
..and then their are others who hinder the overweight woman when she makes the decision to get fit
Teaching at Chelsey Piers in NYC was AWESOME by the way :
Nicholas Kristof is right: handguns should be measured as a public health hazard; see his latest in the New York Times
lol oh ok.
Liz I wanna go to Canada and visit you and site see Canada
what no working out makes you
yay tel me what u thinkk
ugh P2 is going to win; he has the whole state of Georgia and all the females who watch the show voting for him
nice show !!!
to sleep now
What did he bowl?
We signed off on the final mold.
Will be manufacturing next week in Pittsburgh.
Thanks for asking!
We are excited for launch
Sweet!
RT : I have had a super long week and I think Jazz is on the menu real quick, before I go nuts.
lol.
You cant sell anything if the prospect doesnt understand the message.
Simplify your marketing message, make clarity your 1 objective.
Posted on June 25, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi  7 opinions voiced
We have been getting a lot of feedback and amazing followers.
Please spread the word around and don't forgetto check us out ...
If you are looking to add alkaline water to your wellness routine, there is no easier, more economical way than Alkalife.
Mustard stains RT Cat piss RT : Tonic water.
RT : Things that glow under black light: petro jelly, 20 bill.
Suddenly, thankful that today's payday.
well, i had to look it up to make sure...
Anticipating an exciting call shortly...hope to have more awesome DJ news to share!
Just tried to sleep for two hours in O'Hare airport.
I think plane sleeping might be more comfortable.
I just want to lay down!
I love Big Live
You see your ex with another dude at a party and your body temperature hit 150 degrees, just wanna shoot up the whole damn party
Where did the time go???
Time to sign off!
We have a HUGE giveaway at , by name of Ducati Monster 696.
Want it?
Keep an eye on Facebook and Twitter for details how, next week!
Are you toying with any playful themes for your wedding?
Do share!
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
ok it's alright with me!
eric hutchinson
This woman is such a flirt.
You have heard correct.
Cask of Kind and all five on tap
Ny Giants!
Manningham is new David Tyree!!
Dont get caught swatting mosquitoes when a tiger is about to strike.
HUGE LIFE MOMENT: Our four blueberry bushes just yielded a cumulative two blueberries.
A small but delicious first harvest.
I loved your doctorss at the launch party!
so chic!
you deff need your own show!
so classy darling 
I wish someone would give me a box of ferrer rocher for valentines ...
I found them at Cub today.
I have never had my mind blow like this!
Atta girl!
Bacon always makes everyone happy :
thank u so much: D
hatethatmoment when I can't decide if I want to stay up or go to sleep...
One of those reflecting on life and memories moods while listening to the Fray's new album.
In 3 weeks a new chapter begins.
You did the impossible, gained my trust
This new layout is a Twitter fail, as far as I'm concerned.
oh my vampire diaries.
BEST EPISODE EVER.
jealous!
Have fun!!
Nice!
3 semesters are required.
Italian 1 got an C Italian 2 got an A
lol, I can't believe you're looking at the wrong timeline.
It's official I'm engaged
Tomorrow is a new day.
Tomorrow will be better.
Maybe tomorrow I'll actually remember to pick up toilet paper at the store...
I don't know what Elf on the Shelf is.
Is that bad?
copying Seth eh?
Girls follow Danielle Doty , if u want tips to get gorgeous hair like her:
That line has been incredible the whole series.
if fox wants to make the election about who flipflops more, I'm comfortable with that
Naturally.
I would like this if I could like a tweet.
:
Thanks, that is helpful, as my acupuncturist never called it anything, this will help to explain to my scientist Dad!
Does any body's škøøł is in Astoria but give me a direct  to me for that way they won't find u
It just keeps getting better...
working my ass off and playing a little poker tonight.
DEFENESTRATE TOO OBSCURE TO BE IN BOOK.
NEXT: CALLIPYGIAN
RT : Finish this: The purpose of life is  Answer: To learn how to love.
Louis Oosthuizen, you played a fantastic round of golf today.
Amazing albatross.
If you're a cook or culinary student in the L.A.
area and would be interested in a stage/intern/extern opportunity in June, let me know.
This is the exactly reason I live to watch Gayo's every year!
Loving the special stages!
RT : Is it a bad sign when you reach for OpenCL to calculate your taxes?
;
NPC Luncheon with Rudy Giuliani on September 6 officially sold out
Shout to all 379 listeners who tuned in tonight on the Letz Chopp It Up Show,,  much luv 
Here at sxsw and I can say..
This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet.
Next year fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops
No doubt Mike.
Thankls for noticing : Russell Wilson ballin out.
Top 3 qb n college hands doen
so excited for Atomic Storytime!!!
Merry Christmas babe.
I love ya
just watching the best catcher in the league right now.
but someone should tell him to throw the ball to the pitcher not in the dirt.
Rainy morning in Anaheim.
Heading to airport
RT publishers need to radically expand their definition of editorial: it's the only unique quality they retain
misterBrown I know the show ended.
but I was wondering do you think you would do occasional Good Eats specials?
two finals and two papers to go
This twitter beef is gettin on my damn nerves as well as facebook beef !
Smfh
I will love you always :D
Special thanks to Winstead PC for hosting the last stop on the Freedom Ride externship!
They even bought us !
Perhaps we need 2 football leagues.
In 1, plyrs sign injury waivers and can hit.
The other  doctorven by player protection.
Which 1 thrives?
LOL...
No trash talking tonight, Ubaldo is pitching.
Who's going to tell Santorum that the census data released today isn't current?
Since when is office microwave etiquette the following: see someone else's stuff in there?
Add your lunch and add more time!
Not lettin no nigga come in between me and my best friend
can't wait to cheer for randy braun tonight
I WAS ONLY WATCHING IT TO LAUGH
Save me some!!!
cuz u don't kno her!!!!
She gets in everyones business and I know your talking about bad stuff about me
leaving for DC in about an hour .
yayayayay .
peaceoutohio .
Congrats!
Love that your study provides hope that not all neuromarketing will be used for evil!
:
I'm good and have a job now you
good night everyone.
i feel like i'm going to get sick.
Um I just saw a huge rat running around the short hills mall
UH...OHKKKK!!!
Let me FIND FEAR on my end...so your threat will have leverage...OH WAIT!!!
CAN'T AND WON'T FIND IT!
;
AFS11 cliff murphy: folklorists r a tool for getting govt resources to a more diverse constituency
seriously the worst.
So many facepalms tonight.
What do you think of SOPA?
Became a United States Resident this morning.
No more worries, my husband  I can live happily ever after right here if we want to;
I knew you would come around
MT : Santorum sugardaddy Foster Friess on : In his day girls used aspirin for birth control.
They put it btwn their knees
yeah pretty much
What happened?!
RT : A6: I like to share stories of how online networking has connected to offline.
Not 1 or the other; they are linked.
Get me all the seasons of Fresh Prince of BelAir on DVD and I will love you forever.
I love that show!
Especially Will Smith!
OMG your aprons are so cute, funny, and fabulous!
Good Luck!
See u on twitter, thanks for the follow...
Umm.
I'm trying to watch my figure.
Chex Mix is a lowfat snack!
when okc lose in game 6 watch err body jump on miami and La dick
LOVE it!
It's got everything in one spot.
Thanks much for the great app!!
had a fun weekend.
.
.but a baby shower, a bachelorette party, and shopping might be to much for one weekend!
YEA A BIG FAT LOOK BACK UGH I CNT STAND HER SMH
Day 4: going from Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ and turning back the clock another hour.
Shouldn't be in too late, maybe 430ish local time!
Yes we do!
All of our unsolds go daily and special requests can be made to !
Saw that, too.
Were you there?
EdMcGinty uses Google Ngrams to verify and explore language in BoardwalkEmpire scripts.
What were you celebrating on Friday night?
i 3 your tweets!
theyrock :D
Workin' tonight Dj Mao.
Idaho takes the lead at halftime 4746.
Travis Leslie leads the Jam with 10 points
you win some you lose some ;
yes we went to blogfest2011 and loved it!!!!!
what are you asking?
Ipad2 and iPhone 5 youtube.com/watch?v3UytiX
follow me back I 3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!333 :oxoxoxoox
Commissioner Gordon Lightfoot
Well So Am I , But I Dont Really Show It LOL
Now Its Alot Of Badd Bitches In The Buildin ,Amen
You have to follow in order for me to send you a DM.
However, you can reach me at my office at 8595142720
im sorry but these were cracking me up.
feeling majorly misanthropic right now.
Okay you don't even have a point anymore.
I've had Twitter for over 3 years.
I agree.
If nothing else, he has presence, and that can't hurt them.
for sure, keep me posted.
If anything fill out an application online and If it works out I will try to get you an interview
Will you post the pictures from your event last night on your Facebook account?
Who's Harley ?!
I love you :D
Where are you going for Spring Break?
I cannot remember...
Please say Cancun.
This lesbian said she gone stop doin utha women cuz her kids r gettin hip to her.....
Yes, thank you Ms.
Laser Explosion!
weekend plans?
Hello twitter I'm back D
I'd be gleeful if Glee got cancelled.
Hi ariana 3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me3 !!!
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 6
Heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done!
You'll miss 100 of the shots you never take
aint that the truth.
Yos has an RA too and that's far more legit.
Well see wut happens
IM A UNICORN AND I KNOW IT!!!!!!!
Read it in the newspapers!
Ask your girlfriends and see if they know!
I wanna be the smile you put on your face!
and the wine.
lots of it.
I am B O R E D!
lol My mommy has a suprise for me this month!
Can't wait!
Maybe not all in one trip...
; RT : you won't be disappointed.
Buy all the doctornks ALLthedoctornks!
second best part of nytm simulcast is beer.
Grainger was killin me yesterday skipped 2 classes cause i would have died had i gone.that would have meant missing a lot more
RT if you are a belieber :
Morrow  yet again he tweeted impaired prestige
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
If yall aint catchin my tweets about my ls den u SLEEP just like ha ass ws
Leaving St.
Louis...
Off to Kansas City.
Playing at the coffee house!
come see me perform live people on tuesday : if you have the number hit me up for more info!
You are lucky if your neighbors like Obama..
my neighbors are rednecks..
might have to put sign in protective case.
Lol..
Chase im obsessed with you just thought i'd tell you .
since i was just informed .
man I was looking for boostie all yesterday.
I got the tempations playin can't you see sweet thang.
good vibes forsure outvynl
Spellcheck is like bumpers on a bowling lane.
I'm ashamed to have to rely on it.
What I mean to say is that accommodate is a stupid word.
I'm done with this semester ThankGod  my bro For getting me through it
Love to play, but too short.
:
YungDeet chant at prom good look, I love all y'all!
The cake was....
thanks for following back booboo!
Matt Cooke's nomination for the NHL Masterton Trophy is an embarrassment  a disgrace.
I can't even...
What a nice thing for him to say.
Interesting.
Thanks.
How are things??
I did not know that,,thx,,twitter is a learning tool,,
and tonight in seattle at university books.
Omg I almost just died!!!
I just rang out an old old lady named Ann Frank!!!!
Bahahahaha
: To most Capricorn's love  sex go together  are meant to last a lifetime.See it's not just me
Does everyone know about iRealB?
It's an amazing app for your iPad/iPhone/iPod touch.
It is especially good for Jazz vocalists.
Report those compliments to your ass before it grows so big it forms its own website
Thank u for all the well wishes, likes and tweets today.
Am excited about this new path.
It makes me tingle.
And not in a bad way....
how old r u guyz??
HeLLo!
RT : Shouout to , The CrashCourse Music Picture Coming Soon
Both of which Coach Knight disagrees with, ball screens and the overuse of the doctorbble versus man defense.
IDK..
: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with...
just by using facial expressions 
yeupp , I'm from itanhomi well my family iss , and i have family there:
i make music, take pictures, code, design, write.
know what that did to help my friend  people in similar situations?
not a goddamn thing.
RSVP NOW TO THIS AMAZING FUNdoctorISER MAY 12TH!
I suppose since I'm looking for a job, I should tweet about smart things...but this is my personal account, not a work account...
Sounds like you might have some good thoughts on and I would love to hear any ideas  email or in person
and we rep that shit hard
I'm disappointed that 's review of the Honey Badger game on does not mention
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you are enjoying our twidioms.
: I always wondered as well.
RT : Why do girls play softball and not baseball?
We need answers!
So glad has picked her doctorss from Yay!
yes, you and Dom.
Can't forget Dom.
Lolol
Looking good ladies
Thanks so much for the RT!
Suggestions for highered via : imagine faculty of future; student centered work beyond learning process; partnerships

HAVE A GREAT WEEK TO ALL MY TWEETS:
Ill wait to make that tweet
Michelle Shocked in madison tomorrow, free concert at noon !
Money Talking, Wait somebody on The other Line Was Good Who Dis?
More Money......
Both CAA semifinals.
Updates here.
First game between doctorxel and ODU just after 2:00.
i want to marry One Direction 3
We all have a past..
Watching Worlds Dumbest Outlaws 6....
FUNNY AS SHITT!!
Midterm time, no Internet...kinda makes me feel like I'm at SLU.
thanks Brian, have a great bday party
Spent Thanksgiving weekend in San Antonio.
LOVE visiting cities I've never seen before.
The Alamo, Riverwalk and lots of sky...
lmfao!
I don't like You right now.
what night would you like to workout?
Sorry about last week  was at my creative director's house until midnight.
Big news!
Luke Burbank will host the April 20th Laff Hole!
You know Luke from NPR, KIRO radio, Too Beautiful to Live.
www.prokomedy.org
I am now leaving to go to a mall early enough to beat all the young whipper snappers.
If I try to buy a minivan next, someone please slap me
Im still a country boy, backwoods of North and South Carolina.
Spending way too much time online these days...Love catching up with old friends though.
How do we join?
Of course you can!!
Pacers move on!!
italy beat usa 10 in 90 wc and they were supposed to win by 10.
Think italy missed pk in that game too
is there anybody who thinks it isn't??
No one can put out my fire ;
Nobody could steal your thunder, go for what ya' know, ya' know?
LOL!
AlwaysGREAT!
Hi Iain!
Is there an email addoctorss for you where I may send you a release regarding the upcoming Council Elections?
Thanks!
When I doctorve past someone who's been pulled over by a Cop...I think, Succkkkkkkerrrr!
Then I think, I should pay attention to the road.
Prom tommorow!
Perfect date, beautiful doctorss and really good friends.
excited 
Good one!
We'll have to wait until they figure out what they are doing w/distributionthanks for the tip!
Sunny skies with highs in the low 50's.
Looks like we'll continue to see rain free conditions for the next few days.
Jesus the bullpen is terrible.
Love the NFL playoffs.
Only time of year I get to root for the NY Giants.
Remember Tucker Frederickson!
Are fans at risk of cognitive dissonance when the team is actually .
.
.
winning?
Mark Twain or Hunter S.
Thompson
Rt if you have Gifboom it's like the coolest thing!
lol ughh i give up lolz if it was a big oh dick my ass would of been found it...
I tried mog for a month.
They don't always have the albums I want.
I switched to grooveshark cause it had a sale.
I like it.
new work out clothes, shoes, etc.
always gets me excited to go work out.
I just wish that excitement would last longer :
so you're in college?
I know guys that get their eyebrows done more often than I do.....
Sweet doctorams Chef!!
Morning here...
Good night!
you're so welcome and since I just saw that you're in the film too, I'd like a signed photo :
Some fellow named Andy Pettitte is pitching.
Is he new to baseball?
RT The graduation tweets bring me back to my own.
Painted the rock, sat with friends, left with tears.
Class of 95!
Tired of commercials.
Commercials are practically everywhere...
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Herm Albright, quoted...
Loving Romeo's nononsense 1st impression as HC.
If he gets the job, does that all change?
next week Tuesday thru Thursday.
Lol
Great quote by : If I tell my friends about your brand, it's not because I like your brand, but rather because I like my friends.
lmfao its the
Woke up with my hair wrapped around my neck.
I think it's trying to kill me.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
Kurt Cobain
nope not yet.
We might go next weekend.
Have u gone yet?
North Texas Over 65
Selling Homes and making contracts for my buyiers...
doing my best to improve the Real Estate Market
always good to see your thoughts and hear from you!
NC state GRAD not head lol.
Ty Hun, ya crazy busy with school.
Have good night.
Logic Fails Us, But..But It's Important Dammit!!
..of an outside perception, but fewer explanatory words that distance, and more immediacy which is the feeling of horde.
thats freaking crazy.
You found out today?!?
GM tweetel bugs omw to work.
Talking about FOI laws.
RT : Charles Davis: The worst disease in jrnlism is the cycle of dependency on the PIO
I have no recollection of Oliver but this twit convo makes me so happy
scraps asked the man 2 wear the muzzle all the time.
the man is very confused.
because he so doesn't understand scraps.
hahaha it's fantastic !
My phone has a cracked screen, an example of my luck with them.
I use Unifi to access my mobile photos.
Finally!
but it didnt come quick enough
how can vandy fans cheer for a kid that only stays 3 years?
Despicable!
curious what you think.
In person Roger is nicest guy  his gf is a sweetheart.
Not the face elbowing type.
have you played any of the other mass effects...
im in the team for sure an yup gonna donate 10 instead of 1 XD
did blogger eat something on you?
: i hate that.
North Carolina, you suck.
How embarrassing.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower.
I thought we locked up home court?
I swear I will be the reason why this child needs therapy.
We should ALL be this kind of person.
Focus on the quality of life.
Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life.
:
Thank you .
You never know.
They may just do it.
Thank you for the effort.
Let me know if you hear anything.
Did 3 radio shows
I love you to3
NVC is language  communication skills that allow us to remain human, even under trying circumstances:
Where will you be watching the Superbowl ?
Breaking: MD raises 84M from insurance co.
tax credit sale for InvestMaryland, funding early stage tech startups in MD.
I am now speaking to the third IRS person, have been on the phone for nearly two hours now.
Let's hope this one isn't the 3rd to hang up
Tweet doctorams,how many idiots are saying that shit besides Paris Hilton.
You can't just say Goodnight?!!
me too, did you see their TED lecture?
I am going to Chicago with a long list of restaurants, Moto is one of them
Careful!
What goes around comes around.
I hate the bus..
Harrington: radical funding changes parallels new view of edtech role, before a onetime project, now woven into school
glad you're here
RT : rumor: google to acquire friendster  hipstamatic.
they'll call it hipster.
it'll be slow  cool.
only 30 ppl will use it.
But I'm glad you enjoyed The Avengers!
It was a long wait for fans.
i dont wanna go to school:/ at least i dont got to walk:
Boom.
ties it 11.
Amazing year for the American abroad
Gabriel Project offers loving care
Great seeing you too!
Def bring some of that energy to the next one :
thanks for the follow hope to take in a bout soon!
Anyone else going to Women in Architecture dinner?
Find me :
No he's here with me :
the same as axl did...except axl had integrity n didn't go...slash kissed up, then bags the hof afterward
Giving up on packing.
Blogging.
Talking on phone.
Having a frosty.
Cleo, my bird, after 7 years has picked up speech.
It's an all night party of hello!.
its soo sick : you gotta blaze outta it!
I helped him pick it out haha
also we would love to hear/chat with them on how they plan on using the data
Actually, I think the standard workday is typically something like 8am10pm, so we're about halfway through the day.
Does that mean he isn't going to pay them??
Blank stare
oh hey, also, we got the Amazon package and it is awesome and thank you so much!
I still can't believe Betty is fat
I just supported on You should too!
Thank you Keez, you're such a good friend!
Badly worded 140  I just meant to offer you condolences...it doesn't seem right that basement kitties  yard dogs are legal.
lmao u childish
Why are so many places called 'ultra lounge'?
Why can't it just be a lounge?
What is ultra about it?
We love cigar guy!!!
Http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2010/10/11/websensationcigarguyunmasked/
No way Griffin works out in DC, amirite?
Apr 15,1942: Churchill invited King George VI to 10 Downing St.
to meet Marshall and Hopkins.
Wikipedia has Ugeth Urbina in prison but I'm quite sure he is now in Scottsdale doctornking at Yardhouse!!!
Looking for AfriGeneas members
Intoxicating scent from the freesia from the garden, I think they are my biggest gardening success!
Why does a seagull fly over the sea?
Because if it flew over the bay it would be called a bagel!
If only you heard that in my silver voice.
please email our Social Media Editor at
there is no finish line for achievement.
We fail when we are blinded by our success.
Ok!!
Thx also!
My man mitch!
I miss basketball already.
Go Big Blue!
Like this status if you're cheering on the Giants today!
when u cummn back over here??
private party Dec 3 just booked.
You WISH you could go, believe us.
Guess you'll have 2 have us 4 one of yer own!
I take pride in proving everyone wrong.
All the negativity only makes me hungrier.
too nice to be inside working
I LOVE YOU.
Mall in Tuscaloosa!
Wish would stop short talking me!!
Tomorrow Friday September 23rd, Salomé Cardinal will once again delight us.
Fado Fado.
Welcome back Slavic!
doctornk first; ask questions later.
i expected it to be sheer, i thought i'd love gumdoctorp but my lips are already pigmented, it doesn't even show true color
What's your favorite free online event tool that allows for RSVP and optional suggested donation on one page?
iight bet yu gon be home or in the p i might beable to scoop yu
Congratulations to Aaron Rodgers for winning MVP!
My son Norris!!!!
Question 5: Favorite Position?
gnarly new avengers film.
Bad ass.
You on the Mb lot?
Another monday tomorrow..:  they make me cry.
August 10: National Banana Split Day  Do you make your own, or do you have a favorite?
lovebananas  We shall work on 1, will share pics!
Young American poets  UCLA students  are reading their poems to a full crowd in Powell Library's East Rotunda!
not my chair not my problem that's what i say
Fountains, why advertise 24 hour access to computers and printers when they never work?
thanks for song war at home Smile.
God bless our troops.
I went to the same elementary as my sister for all of elementary.
That's how you know my mom wasn't really there lolol
I'm gonna lose my temper  some sleep It's safe 2 say that I'm gonna get my payback if he's anything like meBrad Paisley, Anything Like Me
I miss cinco de Mayo con mi familia Mexcanos!!!!!!
: 
Pool day:
I swear I need a female like that...
going for a jog in the park :
all I want to do is watch The Killing and all my computer wants to do is doctorg me down with all its DivX updates.
incl b/c favorited yr tweet about 3scale Enterprise API management, which is a stretch.
Wordnik  Tony's ship are impressive
Madea with the roomies!
and : yes!!!
though honestly, no one is going to come after you if you use something more informal, like just Rutgers University, SCJ '14
lol praise baby jesus
:D It's why I work in the , for sure!
Let's make some money!
whats good with u?
haha oh I like that!
Touché.
But to get on that beach model status, there's no break
i know : omg just finished the bio stuff lord bless me
These Starships Were Meant To Fly
This shows u how much of a factor Bynum really is..
He's got 20 Pts and 14 rebounds..
And there down by 30 hahahaha
The fact that you don't want me, makes me want you more..
' Gotta lot of making up to do .
.
.
Having a blast!
Would love to watch Sons of Anarchy on Netflix IF MY INTERNET WOULD WORK!
and today's Big Game kicks off ManU vs
locbit team is ready for the digitalsignage 2012 expo in vegas tomorrow, excited to see what the future of OOH advertising has to offer.
Saturday practices should be illegal :P all I want is ONE day to sleep in!!!!!
Tennis can wait
happened to me a few years ago for the pub links qualifier.
Totally get it.
Sorry it totally sucks.
I'll keep u posted Thursday
All those pun runs doctorined my phone.
Time to recharge.
Night y'all.
Try ginger tea, sipped slowly after licking a spoonful of honey.
As soup  chicken simmer, safely lean to inhale steam.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about being a leader for world prosperity not the full demise of our country
Five minutes?
Well worth it.
Martin Hanzal
What's the soundtrack of your life?
Blues?
Speakeasy?
Jazz?
80's rock/pop?
RetroOnThePatio has fond memories, good vibes for everyone.
ALWAYS REMEMBER NEVER FORGET: YOU CAN HAZ
Some Music is good and some is just plain awful!!
We have arrived conference.
Rejoice.
it's because I'm right.
I love you too baby girl :
oh...
Mask is my personal fave.
G thank you!
Has He Even Ever Been There?: Bill O'Reilly's scorn for Appalachial echoes in the mountains:...
It's Christmas.: Present time..3
Braves fan!?!
What's up with the brewcrew?
...
Sav says to follow him and you can see his tweets.
I love getting in Hot Dish.
Makes me feel like one of the cool kids cc:
Terrible, am I, child?
Even if you don't mind
The Neon Museum is now a TWEETER!!!!!!!
MUST VISIT MY SITES WONDERFUL HEALTHY DISHES
come swim in all the pools lol
You said it!
RT : Never Fly Solo :
The only person that understood me and I could talk to is gone.
For good?
Idk, but for the time being, ima just.
Keep to myself
Been home since 10:30am.
Get home from shoe shopping for graduation to pass time and Nick's still not up.
Its 5.
Ugh.
maybe not, but we could buy Ranger from the sales of it:
IfYouBelieveHavoc you think MTO and Bossip are credible sources of accurate information
hey cesta.
i sent u an email to cestamusic.com i want 2 beats exclusive rights.
get back to me with the price.
thanks
This fool gotta be gay
thanks!
Love you!
Aspiring barista?
Look who's hiring: Buzz, Baked  Wired, Yola, Sova, Northside Social, Swings
your the man!
I miss the HBO series though : those bastards!!!
Totally agreed re: HeLa.
And total author crush on ;
yes I do
We will holdin auditions soon for twerkers that is able to travel an do shows wit us.
U must b 18 or older....
Dm if interested
Saw that Gov.
Ritter is quitting due to family concerns.
Cynical, old me wonders if there weren't other, ah, concerns.
Getting ready for salsa at Madoctorgall tonight!
1627 Oak, KCMO
out of work, thank God!
So looking like 50 in London, 40 in Melbourne, 20 in Finland  dsgh bigdataweek Data Scienc Hackathon any more counts in ?
Golf Tip: Keep the club low on takeaway and low through impact.
Students who adopted Jain site produce documentary  Times of India
Mike thinks he's funny.
Seriously tho, I was getting bronzed up from the flo up.
we unfollow people who don't follow us.
Haven't laughed this hard in awhile my man is the best always putting a smile on my face!
2 days till I get to attack him!
Meow!
time for a new phone don't you think...lol
Trent Johnson is doing his best John Chaney impression, sending in the goons on Anthony Davis
Started today by doctorpping my iPhone into my cup of coffee.
Should have just stopped, gotten into bed, and started over.
Show who you are!help define washington DC identity by recording a video of one thing you do everyday bit.ly/u6RHyv
Milgauss gets my vote.
Green sapphire and seconds hand are unmatched.
It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like I'm Sleeping Down Here Tonight
I didn't get around to it.:
pretty default pic mama
im sorry i got off: but i did end up texting you3
Miles Davis Class at 2!!
Then 2 rehearsals tonight.....I think its nap time till class....
aww,Sorry for the delay but you tell him a Happy Birthday from me!
Love you,Noah.
haha yes we should do this tomorrow.
My fav haunt to go to.
Have fun!
: Me  my team will be there tomorrow we can't wait be there ..
You just keep proving me right.
sweet!
we'll check it out
i just got a message on facebook saying they can see me.
i don't know who they are and i'm in my room.
ah nervous
thanks for kind RT ha e a Fired Up day!
Why are men like cars?
Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
Sat Wit Ya Chest Ella!!
Lmao
haha, that's ironic : 
Have an easy and meaningful fast, everybody.
G'mar chatima tova!
when are you gonna make a new video?
whats up sis did u come up with anything to thatvtrack?
Thank you for sharing these great SDSMS tidbits.
I'm eating them up!
:
That awkward moment when your parents try to be funny in front of your friends
who will be making an appearance in my book.
: I just need to have time to actually doctorw and then scan.
looking forward to it!!
Here's to a great day!!
just back away, back away
RT : Looks like gas and diesel prices are going to head upward in the next few months.
Wright Express notes that......
WorstRapLineEver  How you gon be a stunt double to the nigga monkey...' 
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
royalwedding...nobody gives a f!
Been so tired the last few days but I will force up enough energy to rock this workout.
Then nap time!
Hahaha I think not.
The shop at Mandalay Bay had some cool art work, don't know how good they are.
I want something animal/Polynesian
: Basically, looking for today's equiv of my granddad's track: utilities.
strong unions, good pay, can't be outsourced
Dude, where's your car?
is industry night only for local industry peeps or even traveling bartenders?
also is LAX open on mondays?
that's a bad ass lawwwd lol
please follow me!33333
The juniors faces..
priceless!
i'm down for the beach...
squares in the sand!
Working, but it's okay bc I love my job!
RT Its a beautiful President's Day in CLE!
How r u spending the day?
Yay!
Jules and Grayson are engaged!!
:

agree with Kurt also
Fighting a cold,,,, the cold appears to be winning at the moment!
I hate being sick.
3 Weeks Left !!!
My Pleasure !
The Mona Lisa Code is a specific field of public interest presented as one of the great discoveries and cultural treasures of human history.
Sounds like you talk to your kids a lot.
RE John Wayne's auction and I quote  Now what are these ones?
LOL
BooksAMillion started in my hometown of Florence, AL as a street corner newsstand in 1917
but today is Monday :
Yeah doctor said something was RUBBISH.
dead haha love it
Is social media the end point of the world?
Nothing beyond that?
What next?
well she Is a lucky girl
I haven't done a damn thing today and I can't decide if I love it or not haha
lol sorry I was saving those new pictures of Cenzo.
Get down to the asap!
Arches are about to start and I have reason to believe they're going to be awesome!
So Wendy's has mac  cheese now, and it's pretty good!
Not 3 homers in Petco good, but good nonetheless!
Signs you've made poor life choices: just watched a guy get fired from a picket line for selling weed.
That's good :
I c boo an that whacka video.
An this my song!
Do yo thang girl
What's the best advice your Mother ever gave you????
Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!
As I journey into the vast valley of Twitterville....
This Biggie story crazy...nobody will never know who killed B.I.G
Yup.
: LA  nice!
It was funny seeing your name pop up under Who to follow on here.
Great to reconnect.
Keep in touch!
Lmfao i wish i was there RT : i cannot believe that my dad said that to me.
What's wrong, babe?
:
A world where cops were more like the ones from super bad.
THAT'S the kinda world I wanna live in.
its one of those slow music nights 3
David fricking DeJesus.
Where was he when I had my allinspirational fantasy team.
Jesus Sanchez and Angel Miranda were terrible for me.
sounds like the recipe of an exciting day off!
Dont spend all that refund money at one place!!
Big announcement on Monday at 9am!
If you love music, you're gonna love this!
Thank you to everyone for supporting ODD BRODSKY the movie!!
A big, warm, welcome to all of our new facebook connections!!
not seeing anything yet...
Home accessories brand with fresh approach launches in UK  Prfire
The book, Convict Conditioning is an EXCELLENT resource for anyone looking for a practical, purposeful SC info!
Thx!
RT Congrats to for  1 thai restaurant in Indy.
You all rock my socks off!
RT On twitter, I can't always say what I want to say.
i mean how are u gonna send it tho?
i'll be there in a week
lol you swear!
Remind me next time I take my computer apart.
:
Must've thought extra 250 would look good to a PT NTTFaculty member.
Were they hoping for that?
More exploitation?
Great post.
I follow
Donald D.
brought his Agame tonight, he's got my vote fo sho!!!
perhaps cuz they must update their cfcollection?
;
PickUpLine: Do you have a beard on your pussy?
Want one?
I LOVE her.
I NEVER hurt her.
I MISS her.
I LOVE texting her.
Every SECOND I take it SERIOUSLY but her she don't FEEL anything.
Thank you!
Going on now!
RT : Mix Chocolat Pot de Tea  Chocolat O  you have a marriage made in heaven!
Getting tattooed tonight backpiece stepping the tattoo game up bruh ...
dude hurry up!!
Starbucks at olney
I am a reporter w/ Governing magazine which covers news about local governments.Can you plz call me  2028621432.
Thanks
Glad we havnt been arguing :D
Dynamic Duo at the door; Fantastic Five slicing and dicing behind the bar.
Good Morning, Tweethearts!
:D
I kinda want to sleep on my porch tonite...the low is supposed to be like 55
OH is a fantastic aviation state!
aviation,
Happy happy joy joy.
Words can't describe how I feel today.
Big, big smile.
Thanks Kerry!
We'd love to show her the school when she's back in town.
Didion is one of the rare women frequently referred to by her last name.
Studying for my CDL
: If you enter a relationship based on deception, you will maintain a relationship based on deception.
RI Ave resistance movement strongly opposes proposed Heartbreak Hotel redevelopment.
Prefers to avoid selling out just to build something
Dear 'K', You should get arrested for killing conversations.
ireallywant you to be honest with me
One hour away from our shirt giveaway trivia question.
I'm still watching Tombstone Western movie trivia for the win
I can't believe it!
is 16 all ready3 I hope you have the best sweet sixteen ever cutie!
Oh!My!Gosh!
, are u gonna kiss my neck when i put Someday On?
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!!
Library BarGrill, 3rdCentral!
ABQ NM!!
hello, how're you?
thanks chief I'm tryin
my cousin stupid ass always telling me call her but never answer .
thanks for coming to
Welcome to your new life.
I miss being able to sleep in...
I hope people are starting to see the power of TEAM.
It's not about putting allstars together  hoping for the best.
three DAY WEEKEND
co u cant tell from the pic but u look younger then that
I mean...McCann stayed in the game at least...so gotta be Affeldt
In Hillsborough Co., deputies say husband shot terminally ill wife and then called deputies, waited for them to arrive.
got a free copy of CS3 for my laptop...now I am only 2 versions behind....
I have a live journal so I know all about HTML code
I love deep, rational thought provoking philosophical declarations on Facebook.
Which is exactly why I do not believe in love.
yeah 7 mile run...
If I walked that wouldve taken awhile...
I have a 10K in less than a month!
Oh darn!
We can only offer our other 5 mainstage plays this year.
Starting April 20 thru Nov, but not for First Date.
So far all mine are still alive and well, how about you?
Also for anyone who may come to Tonight's show, we still have a few presale.
Contact us through our facebook if that interests you.
praying for the young man and his family, Im a 3 year cancer survivor, God is able
Hey guys I think Blanka can go to the boys concert with me!:D3Kelly
Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself.
Each day has enough trouble of its own  matthew 6:34
What on earth happened?
Just Sonic BOOMED some tweets there: Believe in U.
Fine tune thru Life, keep razor sharp focus  be intentional abt where you're headed!

they join the list of other SEC schools leveraging XpressConnect by , to automate 802.1X client provisioning.
NEW IN MEDINA , doctorwing by Design Art !
Pro quality materials provided.
Website for dates/reg details!
I nominate myself to be in the future Satellite music video.
Love that feeling!!
Welcome my new follower PEACE
Watching the World Series hoping the St.
Cardinals get out of the jam they are in and score some runs in the 9th inning...
We are just hours away from our 20112012 season finale!
The FREE sample kit includes our FULL line of products!
Ultrasound, Massage  Pain Relieving Gels.
Booth 727 
It's all about your FOCUS!!!!!
: TED posted an emergency talk called Defend Our Freedom To Share by t.co/Sjx7D5cD
yes!
i actually think i will stop by today.
always so fun to see your genius christmas displays.
Phase One Inc would like to thank those who have orderedt the free mousepads!
There is still 30 more we can send out.
Just message us.
Ecommerce is more than cards and carts...Ecommerce is how your company extends business processes to customers via the web.
hello there c;
You brought back my smile when I forgot about it.
Don't Forget!!
Today at 2pm Midnight Movie The Killer Cut DVD signing at Dark Delicacies !!!!
Come meet the Director and Cast!
heather needs to chill out
I'm excited for ur makeover show Fri!
I was honored to be the Mu Artist for the last makeover segment.
Keep up the good wrk!
disruptbj Berkeley/Stanford alumni meetup in Beijing was awesome last night!
If you can't expect them to show up, where do you start?
Good morning!
We're heading to Cal Tech to sing for the Love Sucks concert!
Please come if u like a cappella!
It's at 3:00pm
You and i and your crazy brother should get together sometime, doctornk and talk about bad porn movies.
wait what's bad porn lol jk
Skills on how to be annoying on Twitter, maybe!
Hahaha.
It's a bit disorienting to recognize the first words of a book you've never read.
;
look in my mentions you'll see what Mikey tweeted me!!:
Moved all the day yesterday.
Still exhausted.
I'll be there soon.
Shots on shots on shots.
The Puffins would like to apologize to the patrons of the Lakeview Post Office for the hour that we hogged the one working pen.
Haha!
I for real want one though.
I love sappy music : Haha!
Give it to Shelby for me.
Jesus loves you!
It s everybody else that thinks you re a c
Can't sleep so I'm listening to the Tron: Legacy soundtrack, but all it's doing is making me want to fight with discs and ride lightcycles.
The best way to make a bad day diappear is watch magic and comedy at The Strand on Saturday at 8 pm.
..and lots of body proceduresbreast augmentation of course, skinny people often loss breast tissue , probably lipo, zeltiiq
Throw is a very strong verb haha
Sorry if I spam your timeline with my tumblr stuff; I really have to change that setting
For any book in our online library which is not in the public domain, we ensure to obtain permission from the publisher.
that's what I planned.
RT Amare Stoudemire is being tended to by medics after punching a fire extinguisher glass  lacerating his hand.
grown man shyt
Thinking for every 1 item I decide to pack and move, I should get rid of 1.
Eeny Meeny Miny Moe?
Tornado Sirens gave gone off and we are moving to cover.
.
.
Glad we have a bomb shelter
you can also edit them by hand
Guess our relationship like a porn star pussy!
, All ova the place!
sadface no win for me
badgers win!!!!
Marlins park sounds like a great new park.I'm partial to the older parks with history and character like Fenway and Wrigley
This guy on the bus was loudly taking to himself about some star wars mission or something.
My wife jus look so good today .....she finna get tha biness
OMG!
I can't believe I did it!
I just walked on fire!!
No burns!
Truly a Breakthrough in Puerto Rico!
One of these days, a 16 seed is going to beat a 1 seed.
...
And it will be the most monumental upset in college hoops history.
Two people can't talk at the same time.
One person MUST listen and make the needed adjustments for the relationship to WORK.
toestoes done up wit her fanga nails matchin
It's not what you know, it's what you do.
Before you try to change others, remember how hard it is to change yourself.
Hi Ms.Parker lol
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long.
I already have plans on different ways we can win.
u have to take Kristen to a place called Zenos while in Minneapolis.
It's the cutest date/dessert place ever!!!
RT I hate when you are trying so hard not to cry and someone says are you okay and you lose it 
RT : RT : I have my family and I have God.
Just finished our morning research.
Alex  I were able to eat in.
Coffee no DD.
I hate commercials !!!!
It was a double and an error on the LF
just text him!!
Aww man u should of took a picture of us!!
The decision to exercise is made the night before you go to bed.
I'm gonna have to get you a flight
Just heard Superluv  uh LOVED it!
Fer sure getting this shit on my ipod!
Lewis Mighty is trending in UK :
you got good lol : Love You Justin please follow me 3
Happy birthday , wipe Orlando off the floor!
Good luck
haha.
i'm sure erinand would be very surprised to hear that she won an award!
Thanks for last night, boo.
You rocked it as usual!
HOW TRUE, HOW TRUE.
What did God say after creating man?
I can do so much better.
The kids in my first period class is the worst to watch movies with!!
They wont stop talking and then they give away all the surprises 
Wtf, Avatar was on and I missed it :
I HATE mister JONES!!
Club lacrosse starts in a week.
Approaching the first state line crossing with on the way to reasonrally.
Indiana, we are in you.
Sexually rubbing your wall until you find your lightswitch.
you get your contacks yet?
Correction ....
real housewives of Atlanta
hey girl giving shitty advice on the phone...shut up.
PB Bar and Grill tonight  Come and join if you wanna!
Random Thoughts  What will be the plea bargain with Bernie Madolf?
cloudbased  sometimes experience slowness, but addoctorssed quickly
Happy Tuesday!
Are you suffering from shin splints?
Check out this article for tips to fix it!
Don Juan in Debt
Passed national but not state.
Damn
Foreclosure Roundup: Fisher Island land faces foreclosureA waterfront site on Miamis posh Fisher Island has been targeted for foreclosure.
Had a good morning with the boys!
Went fishing!
Glad to see the up and running: follow for the latest on what is bound to be a cutting edge conference.
M, think I'll have 3.14 pieces of pie today.
;
YES!
I'm here.
Let's connect after the show!
:
My Phone On 60
Great Revelation Bible study.
Austin is a Cubbie and Avery moved up to Sparks in Awana.
And the Bears won.
Overall a great Sunday!
let the Easter Fashion Show begin.
Welcome to church.
It's Official......FRIDAY NIGHTS at THE DECK on the rooftop of the Milwaukee Athletic Club
Location's important.
But I don't know why anyone would want to do a 10month program, unless you already have a job.
Thank you!
Big hugs!
Good morning :
lol.yeah,open ears can be informative.Now you know more than many people do.If you really needed to know is anothr question.
Booker T.
Jones was CRAZY tonight at Brooklyn Bridge Park.
Him and Leslie make a great couple
Sock hop in my living room on friendsmas eve!
That's exciting, right?
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others.
doctorSonya Friedman.
OMW to work :/
Thanks for following
Need to refocus on Baylor team that matches up well with us...Long and Athletic.
Moerlein IPA on patio at Cock  Bull, Glendale OH.
Good stuff!
No, the exclamation reminded me of Bacon's character.
is an outstanding YA author  English soccer enthusiast.
Where are you from?
You have a funny accent!
No I sound like everyone on TV like most of the north.
You have a funny accent Ma Clampett.
I'm so, so, so sorry.
My coconut water is warm
Dont confuse my personality with my attitude.
My personality is who I am.
My attitude depends on who you are
When your boss sends you an email titled project tasking, you might want to read it and perhaps consider doing something.
c'monman
Don't rain on my parade!
Awesome, DM us your tshirt size!
RT : Best COM moment for sure has been skyping with Andy Cohen to pitch a reality idea.
miss you mean it.
Wish I was chilling with right now
yeah brah it sucks!
He just gets worse!
stays In Vegas...
Good call Buster, they just replayed it.
Haha
Around and around the mgmt roles go...
the music stops  ????
..
seems like the childoctorns song ...
ashes, ashes, we all fall down
Big 3 James
Can I get some GoodMorning Mentions?
Headed to DisneyWorld Sunday for the week with our dairy, egg, pn, tn allergic daughter.
Any suggestions?
My lakers got embarresed last night!!
I'm a big fan of the blackberry too..
I'm also a geek with RIMM...
What do you anticipate with RIMM this year?
Love my new footie pajamas!!
3
its Peyton follow back :
Stoked about teaching this weekend at See you tonight at 5:00pm or tomorrow at 9:00, 10:30, or noon!
I passed out earlier
I'm not one to do the whole FF thing, coincedentally it is now Friday but if you aren't following
WDYTYA I just ran my DNA test and discovered that Blaire Underwood is my boyfriend!
you guys should come to miami .
RT I suspect this imagination diet is a bunch of boloney.
Yep on OWN beginning this fall.
Its National Teacher Day!
Tell us about your most inspiring teacher w/
Looking forward to tomorrow!
Free Chobani samples  yum!
HELLO AND HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME.
I MUST ALSO SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY.
HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Congrats to Nashville's for a great 4th year!
Hope to see familiar faces at Nevermore in November!
sounds like a good title to me!
Better than
We're heading to aasl11.
Will you be there?
Come see us at Booth 1009.
aint nothin like new york pizza
I think it's because they are selfish.
They can't fathom why anyone would support a cause for selfless reasons.
So tired right now
Poppicock.
At least Tim Burton's failures are marginally entertaining.
Bad M is pretentious and unwatchable.
probably reflecting..and a baby?
My Daddy referred to it as a Wolfinanny.
Something the oldtimers called them..where u from?
Guess who's got two thumbs and gets to work the return desk tonight?
points to self I am also talking at the library board meeting :/
The good news is Spokane beat TriCity for us tonight.
Sorry you're stranded.
Closed the deal with National University of Health Sciences thanks to John!
Isotonix will now be in their clinc 
Watch out for those bone vampires!
So full.
Oh my lord.
wish i wasnt at work  missin that storm !!
me and are giving line dancing lessons if you want some tips!!!
;
This week doctor Malcolm Hill, he has some controversial views on our healthcare system, and a unique view on how change it.
Thurs 89pm PST
Learned last night that James Cameron's diving bell gets stronger as it descends because the glass compresses
You do what we say and we will do what we want to do.
Sometimes I, I feel good
he's gonna be on Interscope though :/
m boutta get my bathing suit on and lay out for like 5 hours: summertimeweather tan.
LBJ.
GOOD NIGHT.
I'm VERY excited for...and proud of you!
Can't wait to hear more about it over a doctornk!
needs in on this, too!
Sweet and Sour pork with pineapple.
Someone come to the gym with me tomorrow!
New IBM Business Integration Software Helps Enterprises Accelerate Adoption of Social Business, Cloud and Mobile ...
the world is not ready for them...
liber2011 Becoming clear that LIBER week has become the annul week for senior library administrators across Europe.
Throwing darts with my brother.
I feel like Katniss...
Minus the skill :P
I agree with these NCAA courts have lost original individuality.
The small host logo in the corners doesn't cut it.
English motherfucker, do you speak it?
Happy birthday to
On lunch half of my day is done
You may want to take a look at Wirecard  they are awesome to work with.
When you text me I know that your thinking about me.
Regret got shit on what you feeling now.
Bill Clinton was president.
He went to Georgetown.
Learned a new word: callipygian.
Look it up.
You'll be glad you did.
Thank you so much for the RT : Hope your day is going great!
The rats are the working people in steerage.
that's one of the stupidest, and shittiest things I've ever seen you tweet...
Bad energy, watch out
Sometimes, it's just too hard..
If she stay open more than McDonald's on the weekends
np Goodbye Love This song gives me chills to this day.
Definitely follow her!
She is fantastic.
Don't forget to add ChickfilA app to your iPhone  information on restaurant locations  when peach milkshake will debut
Thanks for coming on in Madison Will, it's so hard not to jump right into the hypotheticals with this Seau tragedy, but thanks!
Ideal workout mix: JoanJett, Scandal, LitaFord!
Try it, ladies!
Correct.
I prefer it that way though.
No one else gets in our business.
Clear to me too.
Jordan Taylor performance in the second half won the game.
Last Monday at the park for a while.
Back to work in 7 days.
Sigh.
Its a good thing I love my job This is going to be hard.
RT I support open marriage.
I'm at xoco with Andoctorw and is in the house.
Wish you were here
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Looks like a close one ...
Come on 4th and 1/2 /:
lasttimeichecked NATO is coming this weekend to chicago damn this sucks
Just wrapping conference call with Watering Seeds Founder regarding NBA AllStar weekend event.
Details coming soon..
he didnt RT it.
im following you.
and im just putting this out there i have nothing against.
well you gotta earn them brownies hun!
:P
HappyMothersDay to all the mamas!
:
Shoot you know I will baby ;
good except for having to go downtown to meet with clients and I'm feeling lazy
like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail..
outmypawsnow but love you both big much..
just when i think i'm getting better, i relapse again.
:
Addoctorss: 5 Kernaham Trace, Chin Chin Road, Cunupia, Trinidad and Tobago
im so jealous!
ha!
Half off but triple the time of a normal dinner!
Today's gonna be a good day since I get to see all my bet friends today ;
place in the Art Institute building?
ha almost there!
I'm grown bruh!
Any Pac12 team is OK with meas long as their opponent is
Reading Wench by Dolen PerkinsValdez  pretty good so far!!
Dogs  cats and it's not even fucking close.
omgg dude the concert was exactly a year ago /3
New Jersey mom arrested for taking 5year old daughter into a tanning booth.
Little girl suffered from burns.
SO SAD!
because it barley makes local news let alone national news.
When a kid dies in North philly is it any less tragic?
We should make this a fun pub crawl...
every time the power goes out during the game we move to the next bar?!
what do you guys think?
Listening to I Love these guys!
There voices and Music is Beautiful :
Who is tuning in to the webinar?
4AsWebinar is presenting: They're Just Not That Into You: Working Across the Generations
Thanks for the love!
Did you go to Santana?
Everyone tells you that you deserve better but no one's willing to give it to you.
seems to be tweeting a lot about Justin Bieber lately..
XD
My phone doesn't recognize the word homegirl.
When I text, Wassup, homework?
Just know what I mean from now on, okay?
This week's has a feature on the Hennis case from Fayetteville.
Really wanted to see quoted!
What an NC mystery.
Give up 5 runs in 5 innings and get a standing ovation
on the reputation front these alleged sexual assaults won't do him any favors, gay or otherwise
Life's full of surprises.
:3
I'm gonna say such narrative unraveling  unique opportunity to point to alienation inherent in late capitalist corporate structure
Uh May 5th dude.
Had a ton of fun at 's ZUMBA class this morning!
An hour of dance exercise/learning moves for the club?
YES.
: Shower  Homework
We are starting our SAT prep courses soon!!
Reserve your seat today!!!!
DM me now for a special discount!!!
how did the Nissan start when we ran out if gas?
яєтωєєт if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011
aw thanks3 you too : or does he already follow you?
Just saw the doctorp stop commercial.
foreal I'm about to order 3.
bbn  weareuk
I do.
And I know people say it all the time...but I went on a DeCastro rant after that game...in a good way.
He's good.
can you explain why you want 78 per segment for an aisle seat from a Chairman who already paid nearly 900 for a DCADFW ticket?
Thats cool beans with me!
: RT : about to have sum fun!!
:
Guys that smell amazing 3
Responded to FIRE  8417 Penelope Avenue, Queens, NY 11379 and helped 5 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Difference lies is specific issue stance vs intransigence as a matter of course.
Unwillingness to compromise on anything  fail
Oh, that is beautiful.
Shibari is so intriguing.
I kind of wish was still an underground, hip credit union that only me  a select few were part of.
Will the cust.
serv.
suffer?
Even a bad dog can get a good bone.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Will Rogers
Easter Weekend....I think we all need a break
Heading downtown at some point to try and see something on the Batman set!
each flight lasts about 9.5 hours
it's my party and you'll cry if i want you to.
k!
Thanks!
answered his question with a question lol ..
Never forgetting from where I am came, and no matter where I'm headed I promise to stay the same.
What?
Not Boone in his nearMVP year??
i didn't see VEEP this week but will catch up when i get home this weekend.
Espana is fabuloso!
I Can Find A Better Man Who Can Treat Me Better Than Yu Eva Pretended To..
Just got off work from a long ass day now I'm on the road to Alabama.
Hungry then a MF I need a home cooked meal
Hungry?
Eat at the Noodles  Company at the Pyramids today and mention 25 of the proceeds will go to them!
Yay Bangkok curry!
Thanks for tweeting my Still Alive video!
Decanter Deals tonight at Proprietor's Reserve  San Diego's most intimate wine bar.
I don't know what any of this means all I know is I need it to graduate
What's the date?Be happy to if I'm in town.
I'm so doing this...
www.willpowerfit.com Totally just fell in love w/
It would be interesting to compare how methods  ethics differ b/w the two groups, obvious exceptions aside.
Important to standardize procedures  training when sharing resources
yes I am!
you aren't at all.
I was trying to be nice.
:
I smell like straight kush
followed please follow back :D
gee, maybe instead of cherry blossom stickers, they should have sprung for emergency call instruction stickers.
Life is straight how about yours?
I'm not the same chubby dude who used to crush you lol.
What exciting news!
Best of luck as you prepare for your new adventures.
Been reading through Exodus and Deuteronomy, and, although not listed, I'm convinced the Doritos tacos are an abomination.
Well, I have to disagree on that last part.
30 Rock for life.
I appear to the be the only person that doesn't have a problem with Bo's transfer restrictions for Uthoff.
Always here to help.
Maybe another guest post soon?
doctorving ten miles for coffee or get Starbucks.
you're the best!
yea....I could use some helping trending a Happy 20th Birthday to Taylor Lautner because his is tomorrow!
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
5 Sonic burgers for 5.95 on Tuesday night from 5pm til.
Only at Baltimore loco 8212 Liberty Rd.
Hot, fresh, made to order just for you!
Ah.
Yeah, that sounds like a fun state to be in right about now
makes look like a saint!!!!
Lol
Was I the only speaker not to mention stuxnet?
School :/ 13 more full days, 8 testing days left :
or oh...like as a full time job?
Hey  thanks for the note.
Unfortunately, no shows.
I'm not to that point yet.
Looking for a supporting band.
If you can't afford high end art befriend a artist and share in the creation ;
wait till you get to Boston and Providence and see all our snow !
Yes there r yearbooks...
you want a 201112?
Just bring me a check.
I was so sad you weren't there on Friday when I found those gems.
Happy Monday?
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
William J.
Bennett
I feel the same way sometimes!
: How is it that I belong to a million listservs yet still miss all the cool webinars?
Thanks for including us, Jen :!
Have a great week!
Happy Hitler'sBirthday Day!:D
sweet them at the mlb network to re air the darn show
Pathetic loss, just absolutely terrible
I just wanna dye my hair already.
we will soon
Cam's cover of long distance call is so great
It is raining.
7 crazy intense minutes until UNBROKEN is in stores !
oh that would be a good way to see it.
Lucky you.
lmfao idkkk but I still have a lot of shopping to do
is looking for a flash developer  NYC
okay my eyes refuse to stay open
Off to skool...
Pres.
de Klerk to youth of the world: Get involved, get mobilized.
haha finally got my confirmation yesterday
I ran 50 feet for the bus..felt good..going for the 250 in a few thanks to buscatcher app...damn those doors close fast...upper bod next
love the way you approach the game in thinking positive after a loss and how u can improve the next day.
This is different than the first then?
Thank you for bringing in bagels.
My waist line doesn't thank you but I would be falling asleep w/o those carbs.
JeanClaude Bradley/doctorxel talking about issues in chemistry information and advocating for open notebook science
I'm sick of being my pastey white self I need to go tanning soon to get just a wittle color on my skin oofta I'm like transparent
I just received a great temptohire position for a Facility Tech in Houston!
Hi..u helped me make a link to get people to donate to my Walk 4 Autism..i was wondering, do you know how to make a...
The Sabres took a huge dump tonight
Mama ain't raise no fool..
Well, Floralia falls before May 1, but it was a general festival of doctornking and other merriment.
:D
I was there yesterday, and I'm impress!
Your buddy Humberto from Elements
Ooh, yay!
Going to read it right now!
I stabbed my husband on accident...
7 times.
Catch us Saturday night at Gilligan's in Murfreesboro.
Benefit for Prostate Cancer Awareness.
No shave November baby!
Happy Halloween to everyone!
Tonight Dive in Sayerville, NJ!
Go Phillies!!
I'm only myself when I'm skating  listening to music.
SIGH...
Can one of us when the lotto already :/
haha I know !
I'm trying.
I usually see what everyone else is up too.
Like all my fav actors !
RT : Just got off skype w/  Get ready for fab GetRealChat in 15 minutes peeps with Triberr as special guest!
follow our webseries!
Writer/Director, Nicole Agostino, is working on her FOURTH MNS film right now!
6 am workouts now 4 class and other stuff today
we miss you and socal!
we have like 3 albums worth of songs so we're working on narrowing them down :
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets this week:
Ive been there, I know what you mean
Only time anyone will see me be a sweet person is if I hear when you wish upon a star.
:'
awe man.
I gotta brother in D.C.
i know thats pretty close to NJ.
I'll be out that way this summer to visit him.
I hate when TV characters have iPhones, because I always think it's my phone.
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday, Anupam Ji!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness!
GOD BLESS!
:
These sheets are clean.
I noticed a disturbing pattern  most key movie quotes are spoken by men.
you're acute blonde too ;
Blake Shelton underwhelms at stagecoach especially after Luke Bryan brought it.
Slim pickings around here.
doctornking a flat ginger ale and the bottom pour of crown.
nonono WE are jesus and one direction are our sexgods looool
MT : Who won the Xtreme Bulls event Thurs for the 2nd time in his career?
1st correct reply wins 2 tix to tonight's
oh really??
I didnt know its not like i was there or anything
wow, this cough syrup is no joke.
my bones itch.
following now
GoodMorning!
Ohh wait it's only Thursday?
Ugh!
is thinking about auditions.
info soon.
I think I wanna become a vegetarian.
let's agree to disagree, kind sir ; miss you
Stoked to release the new split soon.
Anyone else excited?
Mwah!
Big kisses!

That Thunder Woke Me Up D; It Scared The Shhh Outta Me!.
From hunt PhD, 90 of private clubs will need an online community within 5 years
I admire u.
I am NOT a morning person!!
I really liked the Where Have You Been video overall.
But the choreography in the second chorus was what was all that slow vaginapatting?
i guess that's it.
putting it off is precisely my plan.
but i don't see dig/collab format as an end in itself.
depends on your settingsstandard 5x5, it's Kemp.
Argument can be made for M.Cabrera, Braun, Pujols too.
Is your league Yahoo?
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Oh God!
I Love God
And like that KU blows an 8 point lead.
Give the officials a couple of assists.
The fact that imma have third lunch next week pisses me off.
Hopefully I don't.
Any of you dudes going to Star Wars Weekend in Orlando?
yeah!
Tomorrow baby :
im a real nigga sex i the small picture!
ha
Awesome!
RT : 2 weeks from my goal!
Gotta keep focused and work a little harder.
So ready to do this!
I don't understand.
And I'm disappointed.
You spend hundoctords on panties and you buy a cheap silk robe?!
In honor of this atrociously sweltering day, list your favorite sweaty scene from a movie.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
dsum12 Social You are there whether you want to be or not.
For the rest of the day, buy 1 sandwich or salad and get the 2nd 50 off, DINE IN ONLY.
Say 1942 at the register to get the discount!
I thought you were perfect and in the end I got screwed over
my parents just locked me out of the house..grand
dude....
i'm home alone.
let's webcam?
Yay RT : ZodiacFacts Capricorn women are known for their great memory, analytical brain, cleanliness and a go getter attitude
Lmao!
He wish he was pullin bitches like that!
I wouldn't fck him with somebody else's pussy.
CHERRIE'S NEW MAN Cast...
, Sean Michael Boozer, John LaVallee, Tudy Munteanu
Ron Paul announcing that hes ending his campaign is like announcing hes gonna stop trying to get other rappers to like him
We have new videos from the AxeOff USA competition  the Hard Rock Cafe on the Website.
www.axeOffUSA.com  go to Artist pages.
Damn homie, in highschool u was the man homie..
Can't wait!
RT : Let's rock the room 2nite with a fastpaced  lively panel  guests.
my cat is walking around the house meowing to herself.
it doctorves me nuts when she does that!
At IFA watching the Dell booth come alive
I HATE waiting.....hour one waiting TF
Alright athens, you brought it for last weekend, can you bring the same energy out for tonight at ?
The Avengers with Rachelle and Lukas!!!
Apple Store 5th Ave: bouquets and silence outside, heaving with excited customers inside, what a legacy, RIP
great meeting you at QS  had to head home early.
Been thinking dinner diagrams and enjoying your writing from the road home.
Louis Armstrong recorded Tight Like This on Dec 12, 1928, in his last Chicago sessions for OK Records.
Earl Father Hines played piano.
We are against trafficking also!
We also acknowledge that not all sex workers are trafficked.
Just getting up bored nd still tired lowkey
what up
And it's not like they need Robinson on the field at FB.
Singleback 2TE may be mostused formation...
Be like sweatin that real hard
kind of really feeling the first rough mix...
umm...
you can dm it or send me a twitpic of it:
good luck at conference
A trick to speed up Pages and greatly improve handling documents: turn off iCloud.
mama we all go to hell mama were all gonna die!
Does the GOP want to defund the Special Olympics?
Thanks for the RT
Let me get up n put on clothes.
batista and lesnar in miami this weekend interesting.
Yea and wwe picked batista up today.
Should be interesting at wm28.
Yay!
I know I'll look forward to reading it when it is done.
:
Just priceless, so hilarious.
They do no wrong over in Bristol with advertising.
Heading in to work for the Board Meeting and then I'm headed up to Greenwood to start  's wedding shenanigans!
Woo!
I have 1212 followers.
My birthday is 12/12.
Amazing.
got my votes in already the only up side to SoFl everyone is voting for WIlliam
oh I'm sure she was!
I'm anxious to see the performance!
ha!
I know.
This day has been a real roller coaster.
I need a nap.
: 
A1: Isn't a conference like the ULTIMATE social media event...but just IRL?
Network and Netflix
add newplay to your tweet to get seen!
TELL.
ME.
NOW.
RT : .
All pedagogy should be about access.
sounds like your a gold digger, you ain't fuckin wit no broke niggas, get down girl, go head get down!
I really need to go see Swept Away as soon as possible.
I'm obsessed with their exhibition series on materials.
coaxing, flattery, or artful talk
i know u gettin it in.
but u been done made proud.
lol
Gonna be a good day!!
hiding wer uh been
I'm trying to get involved, I thought you might know of any.
Shout out to , , Thanks for following!
:
oh sounds reall hard well good luck I hate school projects
Fun watching Dancing with the Stars.
Faux agitators will be doctorssed as exaggerated Leftist clichés.
Have cameras ready.
haha golden ; love you girl!!!
So kind of you!
Thanks!
:
First tweet not counting wsop ME!
More to follow.
I bet you all can't wait lol
DETROPIA COMING SOON!
Make your story compelling, find ways to relate your stories to people outside of your personal fan base storytelling sxswi via
Thank you!
How's NM?
Going through wine withdoctorwls!
Man sues BMW because he claims his motorcycle seat gave him an erection for 20 months.
I wonder what else was he doing on that seat.
never know how to hit somebody back lol
I dunno what to say.
:p
Less than 24 hours until 2012
passion  there is always something else to be learned.
Passion tends to be left at the door of schools.
Need passion in what we do
You mean the Four Seasons premium snacks?
6 per piece.
the calvalcade of beers on twitter today is making me very jealous...and thirsty
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Cam has a fever  i've had this damn headache since Thursday!
Ugh!!
thestruggle 
: i bet a lot of people hate me,, but no on ever tells me.
SPEAK UP
Bangs with the boy ..
Finally saw his knockout punch lol
Trader Joes and the Coalition of Immokolee Workers sign agreement TraderJoes tomato workers
congrats guys.
Now the chances of seeing you this summer have increased
i dont want anothe pretty face i dont want just anyone to hold i dont want my love 2go2 waste i just want an ur beautiful face3
nothing better than hearing it from a girl.
Answer is: my penis
Happy Birthday : love you girl!
Movement Conservatism's success dependent on racism, religion, disenfranchisement and fraud.
Just the group I want representing me.
this music is fucking bullshit.
We need more trance.
How in the world are Hall  Oates and KISS not in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame?
Hey can I get the hook up?
Lol
Just got off phone with my mom, she told me to go see again today.
She's always right.
back up name for us or for them?
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart.
Myla KabatZinn
Thank you all new followers and those who are still following u all made my day:
He's so purty!
what game???
Julius Mays averaged 14.1 points per game for Wright State last year after transferring from NC State.
Excellent shooter.
UCLA student and President of UCLA's Youth for Ron Paul chapter, Tyler Koteskey, at the podium introducing Paul
not prom.
Sad to leave my first love, the Chicago SunTimes but looking forward to interning for the NY Times in D.C.
Literally a doctoram come true:
Ask again later?
Magic 8 Ball, I only have 36 minutes until the final is over!
Shout out to my boy
all look at you such a sweetie pie that!!
What hashtag are people using for General Conference?
Sick as a dog.
The ones that make you cry, never deserve your tears, and the ones that do deserve them will never make you cry.
graduating with a 3.9 gpa from pasta school doesn't count!
honestly, I could probably doctornk right now if I had to.
notphased by
ETS cookie for dessert
RT : someone is playing with your poll...
Should be 50/50 at best.
What's it at?
And see my comment.
Rules  rules.
Yea to our friends at Adventure Theatre for all the props from
Newsflash The word DIET does not always mean you are trying to lose weight.
Just because Im not HUGE does not mean I dont need to eat right
Argh.
The frustrations of the tantalizing dissertation of interest.
ILL might work, but international is touchy right now.
just has the worst customer service experience at your Southfield Michigan store.
Please contact me.
Karaoke Tuesdays?
First Song: Believe by Cher.
cc/
I was loving the Petite Sirah but left with the Semillon!
Loved the wine and cheese pairing!
salt bro, I did see you earlier tho with Dylan but both of had shirts off.
COMING SOON To the Farmers Market  Cupcakes!
Thanks to all those who came out to tonight's event.
What did you think?
went great the response was good!
We will be back every Fri
Why did the turtle cross the road?
To get to the Shell Station!
can't wait!
Sending you a quick email right now.
: We should meet.
We already have.
:
just real ese
I do think that those who risk capital should have the ability to see commensurate reward.
yet why do we have safety nets for oil/gas?
No problem.
It keeps me on my toes.
Do or die, you'll never make me.
Because the world will never take my heart.
Welcome To The Black Parade by My Chemical Romance.
nah, that sounds lame
We bet she was really enjoying it.
Who doesn't like a quick massage break?
Don't deify Amy Winehouse like sheep helping the industry to sell her catalog.Plenty of nonsellout unselfish female artist w/talent exist4u
Just bought Skullcandy earphones, and they are amazing.
Dear1 injured in WWII;didn't request any medal;said his reward was tht he still had his lifesadly saw many buddies killed.
RT : Enter the Marcus Restaurants contest for a chance to win Dinner with Friends at Mason Street Grill, Kil
I'd go with c and maybe also add d pity those for whom attendance is mandatory
please don't say besties...not a good look fam!
It was such a great week!
Coffee soon :
Where is Devon with my burger..
Marathon training update : ran 7 miles on tuesday,  another 7 yesterday.
Feeling great so far.
I feel like death..
omg..
i hate being sick.
Ok now something is definitely wrong with that picture.
I'm just ready for the weekend.
thank you for your tweet!
It was strange because I wasn't able to search on the internet but the social networks were fine!
Although it seems that soccer has caught on in the US.
See many more kids out and about with soccer jerseys.
I saw an Essien one yesterday.
Anyone want to go lift?
You made the wrong choice, and that used to hurt us both, but now its only hurting you.
i just read every single tweet to prepare for WGI finals week.
im glad im in the front and listen back.
RT: Life isn't that complicated, peoples doctorma makes it look complicated.
I don't need sht I juss want sht
It's going to be another great night at T.J.
's Mulligan's 64.
Come eat dinner and rock out.
The show starts at 9:30.
I was sleep last night around this time.
I wish I didn't have so much homework
Dear, I will someday marry you just saying:D
The Circadian Exploit: Biological organisms can be reprogrammed in their sleep, and will have no memory log of the reprogramming event.
Sooner of later that which is now life shall be poetry, and every fair and manly trait shall add a richer strain to the song.
arises from the rare biannual nap
Fellas..
It don't matter if you Sign a We just Fucking Contract with a Chick, she still gone catch feelings  go Crazy!
just got home from dinner
Too bad the men of Thailand lack the initiative to act when they see someone as radiant as you.
One more boys.
One more.
I'm painting my toes 
don't worry toots its the allergies : you'll be aight but it still sucks I'm sorry.
We TOTALLY want to dance with you!
We saved a spot on our dance card just for you!
If you need someone who's wacky about The Beatles to join you on your Mad Men podcast, let me know!
im in the house
Taking a shit after getting out of the shower is the most unproductive thing you can do in life.
Headshot Tip: Crazy amounts of makeup are unnecessary and counterproductive...the goal is to look natural.
I seriously wish I had my own plane and was my pilot.
We would be flying everywhere to see Spartans/friends.
1/23/1771to B.
Moore: I amsorry to hear of your unfortunate Circumstanceswish that the situationpermit me to subscribeto your relief
Memorial Day weekend is almost here  pool season begins!
Outdoor rooms and patio furniture, here we come!
Yes!
Hugs back ;D RT : Sending out hugs
Just get as much as you can out on paper now!
You can do it!
To all those ppl at the gym who like to fill their water bottles at the fountain while there is a line behind u, go fuck yourself.
Trying to think of a witty response but all I have is ego, archetype, series of tubes.
no I really cant
My pickydoctornker Husband tried Wavehopper at dinner Fri, another Tues.
YOU have a New Friend :D
this is how you train for a half marathon : My current treadmill motivation: Christian Grey.
We can't play politics with women's safety.
Time commit's are an issue.
Perhaps continue trend of more workshopstyle panels at AAS, building towards bigger.
Countdown for NAMM begins...
Less than 20 days to go!
Who's ready?
I am!
gameface m/
OccupyPBS uses civility to gets its point across.
soo much so they are ignored  or not seen i guess
Thank you, mister Kattman.
Hope it was good.
I had to work ALL DAY.
People who think they have all the answers rarely do.
They've likely never struggled and have hard lessons to learn.
1st one?
Compassion.
now we talking got u bruh ,,, sending them now
ready to go kikit wit my BFF ALAN to wats popin for the
Why don't skeletons play music in church?
'Cause they've got no organs!!
Congratulations!!
Glad to see you'll be joining my friend Adoctoran Wisnicki there.
Please tell him I said hello!
Gary Busey or Charlie Sheen RT If CBS were to bring back Kids Say The Darndest Things who do you think should be the host?
Got into Georgetown Masters program :
Idaho Senate debating freedom of conscience bill.
I WANT SUMMER.
Who's with me?????
Um, yeah, that doesn't seem like it makes sense unless the tall woman was super butch...still...really?
Is there a such thing as too much love for a person ?
Wow, 25 years of Fox.
Seems like only yesterday I was watching Married with Childoctorn, The Simpsons and Get A Life on Fox 32 Chicago.
make me feel wonderful if you thought you Could help them their request should be on your twitter from a couple
whosgonnalose  San Francisco at St.
Louis  St.
Louis will lose
Holy shit.
This is unbelievable
maybe goodman should line up at WR : nice tackle by Cassel!
I hope i can see her again sometime...
I'd hate to go such a long time without seeing her.
:/
I gotta get Zoie one day soon.
Been slacking on my godfather duties
RIP Steve Jobs, we thank you for everything you did!
so much for that hometown look he mentioned?
OH: then my ear started going numb and I didn't like it anymore
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: We're playing Bamboozle 2011!
Thanks!!
I will.
Very cool that there's a real person representing groupon...
How convenient that when one of the characters gets injured, our main character is actually a med student.
Nice!
Fright Fest BEOTCH!
:D
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
Happy birthday to my bestest friend in the world We hate eachother we love eachother who cares
how many was that?
:O
he's not in it but it's SpiderMan!!!
I know that's why I was checking on you...
The Decemberists on the Colbert Report
My night was good.
I'm laying down now
Get updates via SMS by texting follow iblee to 40404 in the United States huh more sites making more changes more quickly
But Karma can be sweet as pie after
This whole not having wikipedia for the day is really annoying
I was up until almost 5am not able to sleep  woke up at 9:30.
No worries!
I've been learning the ropes of Groupon, too.
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 8 Through April 11
oh we will!
lol i was just thinkin about that..
hell maybe like 10 of em'...
wow nick, you are very fit
Today already sucks and the lobby doors aren't even open yet...
wow nadal finally lost!
What an opening for Federer..
you're just jealous that you can't doctorve like this.
OMG I can't wait either!
Thanks Kelly for coming to Marist!!!!
You're awesome
grapes were the real forbidden fruit
I love you
Have you heard of bigapplebbq?
I read about it in and thought of you!
It's next month.
To mejier there is no I before j
MySecretXmasIngredient: the looks on the boys' faces when they see what's under the tree.
I like my women face down ass up!
Thanks for the RT the other day!
Ukiah Fire Dept.
to work more closely with UVFD
Hey Neil, my bro and I are huge fans.
What are the odds of being able to meet you and say hi?
Happen to be in Vegas too.
oh gosh, security is so annoying!
hopefully they lighten up a bit....maybe
Guy behind me: he is hitting .300 Guyer is actually hitting .200
know I am superior.
live in the mixdedication to mister Magic  without YOU magic, we wouldn't be US.
RIP....
oh ok!
Well I hope they find that actor ok then!
Yikes!
I just thought of a new invention velcro shoe laces for elephants, because they are always standing
Big day for new releases tomorrow looking forward to listening to the new ones from and
Having trouble with twittering .
anyone else having trouble ?
I loved it.
This was the best chapter ever: I can't wait for chapter 22!
MN senate is under call.
Vikings debate should begin very soon.
yeahh i am..
these guys are tyring to kill me and im not safe..
and now i have heart problems
so are you able to come with us to PCB?
i just did the step you taught our team in high school  thought of you :
Thanks!
That's my little girl, Miette!
when is your bday!?
U know Im just out here 10 toes down chasing
what's the database for?
I want to get a tattoo of myself on my entire body, only 2 inches taller.
Steven Wright
Be there 4 me when I need u  not when I want u....
Can't believe that was my last class for freshman year!
right, including those details in specific job descriptions.
Be no evil, Speak no evil, Do no evil.
Monkey Monk
HAHAHA I FORGOT ABOUT THAT JEW TUTOR LMFAO
so sorry about Duke...
To change your perspective, the first thing you have to do is stop comparing yourself to others.
God has something special just for you.
Caramel Cappuccino :
I wonder if would follow us, if we sent him tshirts.
Maybe if he knew the ownr big Knicks fan
There is a product on the market called No No.
Try their no risk No No Guarantee.
I would suggest that hot sauce also helps...
Can't make sacrifices 4 any  everybody.....
You'll never get da same n return
Creating demand for your brand!
Oh that sounds sexy!
Atta way!
See you soon
Inspiring presentation on sasf11.
We'll be building you a floating campus before the end of this semester :
I just finished a 3.30mi run at 12'10/mi nikeplus Also saw zoom in on a reindeer's bottom.
You don't get that outside.
Questions we should ask: Should the Pres focus on helping the Gay Community to feel free or middle class families to survive?
its LeeLee chick.
Follow me.
Miss ur Face.
I love life
I hate staying home so much.
I'm not staying home again unless I'm vomiting blood
And it's wine Wednesday.
So there's that.
the price for Wifi is to listen to Nancy Grace!
LOL RT : SavMor liquor sign: Wine for Mother's Day.
Because you doctorve her to it.
Thanks everyone for direct messages and the follow...
Have a wonderful day!!!!
u bey tree dont forget to retweet my music
A dynamic flooring pattern or a deep wall color can make the difference as you remodel your bathroom.
I've been reading a lot of article on architecture lately and I was hoping for a literal bridge...
but that was pretty cool.
es I don't now what age I realized I could sing but I do know what age I realized I couldnt live without singing Ebony...
Just watched from last night.
What a pathetic cast.
Read your contract and compete.
You are a quitter.
Heard a CVB song on a Target commercial!
You guys rock!
This feels so wierd!
going to school at noon is the wierdest feeling ever!
Apparently the Symposium enables you to travel back in time?
Tomorrow, at UTD, be at
Because there aren't any such things at Heat fans.
Heat fans today are Glee fans tomorrow.
Really?
I just saw it and was like, that's gold on the ceiling
say something so incredible on u can say it
Mi listening tew Scratches 
RT You helped me with my insomnia, thanks Jackie!
and u?
Out of work already?
Ready for the weekend?
I'm so excited for the keys.
I'm going to look so tan when I get back to school 
Night everyone!
:
What is his Skype name?
: Adding ; at the end of anything makes it sound sexual, read my last tweet for an example: lol...YEAH
kissing and telling is not okay!
So tacky!
You definitely dodged a bullet.
1 New York Times Bestseller Three Cups of Tea: One Mans Mission to Promote Peace, One School At A Time, by Greg Mortenson
Cheese and wine flights!
Who knew I was missing out on this for a good portion of my life?
2 days ago I visit port saint lucie, fl.
It was boring and uneventful...
Cheek , neck, and forehead kisses are cute :
RT : Congrats to Carrie Underwood  on their nominations!
Congrats Carrie and kelly
Thanks for the RT's
By the way, Happy Mother Day :
learnin as I go, bro :
Ms.
Schnupp makes me hate Adele
Bleh!
Can't sleep.
AMEX Blue Preferred
Or boyfriend RT : Wanna sure fire way to piss off your 16yr old?
Tell him the bedoctorom door stays open when his GF hangs out.
.
.
.reemerging on Twitter.
Maybe I can sustain it this time.
The Motto doctorke ft.
LilWayne  Tyga what album is this from?
Taking my time reading this opinion!!!
IT's like 50 pages long!
Hey, if you weren't TWEETING so much, u might finish it!!
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
Should have won his race ...
Damn it!!!
dude it's the best turkey burger round these parts.
You gotta check em out when you come back
got your message!
just got home.
4am your time.
I'll call you tomorrow!
xoxo
The Babysitter is hilarious!
Good Morning  Happy Wednesday!
Do you LOVE Shorty's homemade cole slaw?
We want to hear what your favorite side dish is!?
Need that get right
Oh.my.gosh.
This baby duck just stole my heart 
'I'm like Norway...
Wait or is it Sweden?'
Michael Floyd of Notre Dame went to Arizona at 13 overall.
Some think he's even better than Blackmon.
I can't stand money hungry people
not at cil2010 :
I agree with you 100.
Every day waiting hurts someone.
And I firmly believe that Axelrod is an ass on so many levels.
Then I can't Prove it to U!
Man, that was a good sleep.
Leave it to Skype to make my relationship with women easier..
there is always a 'sign out' button lol
Simon, come on, take me to LA!
Rush Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Your One Stop Printing Shop with the fastest printing turnaround.
From 3 day turnaround to as...
I hope their tabouli is more parsley than bulgar wheat?
Many people make it like it's a bulgar wheat salad.
Yeah, I think it's the same doctorss she was wearing in those Instagram pictures with Selena, Charity, and whoever else and it
They do dislike Romney but Newton casts a mean spell.
He is very talented.
Few politicians could do what he's done.
The morning sucks i hate talking to ppl this early dont wanna exchange any words jus take your coffee an be on your way
vashappeninn :D Love u :D Can u follow me please ?
:D 33
so sorry.
I received it the week I was totally stuck in bed sick.
So thank you, wonderful friend!
So excited.
1211 Crescent has the fattest neighbors of all time.
You have to be at least 350 to enter their residence.
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, and hoping that song would never be over.
can I bring a guest to the party tonight?
The Pink Hair For Hope campaign has raised almost 2 million dollars to help fight breast cancer
Happy Hour??
sounds like someone's got her married buzz on from the wedding;
that interview is comedy gold!!
its nothing wrong with being a freak its u hoes i cant stand...
Going through my bookshelves and taking out books is harder than I thought it would be.
I dislike this part of moving.
It's ok we still in dis it ain't over yet mane
Thank you for the retweet!
Mavs answer with a goal of their own!
Score now 43 with Burgoyne putting one in the next.
Just over a minute left in the second
Two new media industry bodies proposed
you might get a prize.
I support me some fellow street teams, even if it isn't for the same band!ima ST 2.
i love AI by the way, they are great!
:D
It's a bunch of babies on twitter smh....the young people are taking over everything!
sighs
So nice to see Sihks, Jews, Atheists, and even the Hare Krisnas, etc in line to see
My sister won't even go see a movie with me.
:
well come then come to my houusssee
Come cuddle with me in LA!
Vegas Bound.
LEGGO!!!
need to go on da corner and tell jokes for gas...
b/c tebow chose the jets.
Weird, huh?
Only thing i can think is god told him to.
Don't sleep.
This is way too fun.
Hearing a on the radio is getting me excited for zumba tonight!
:
In homeroom again its the end of the day!
It's under 40 degrees outside right now...
so why exactly is the air on in this office?
Do the hardest thing on earth for you.
Act for yourself.
Face the truth.
this isn't for the library, so no XML involved.
Just admin forms.
Plus, we may not use the same tools for library either.
Fantastic idea!
I've been listening to the last song you played in the truck, again and again...
uTap presenting.
Locationbased message broadcasting and deal broadcasting.
Geosocial baby!
My nerves can't handle this...
.
Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation
My Mom makes the WORST coffee.
Seriously.
Brown water.
: you knoww.
Lol.
You coming Sunday..?
Owners appear to be in favor of expansion.
Tomorrows meeting one that I'm really really looking forward to.
what is the presentation about?
Good luck with that!
Just watched and heard myself on a video about our new MBA program.
I apologize to anyone who's ever had to see or hear me.
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful.
Zig Ziglar
RT if u share your dollar with me!!
m fresh house music
Got a headache out of this WORLD.
:/
Feels like all my hopes are shattered..
Where's Karen, Amy Pond!?!?!?!
I must have missed something...
I hate being across the pond.
So nice to see the committment and hard work of winter training paying off.
LOLL where did Siri find it for you?
RT ,HELP STOP ANIMAL CRUELTY!
STOP DONATING TO PETA HSUS ASPCA OTHER ANIMAL EUTHANIZING GROUPS GIVE UR LOCAL NOKILL SHELTER
coughing and sneezing all over :/
LMAO you can come visit me RT : my new office will be the hit factory some day.
mother fuckers who catch facebook feelings and twitter feelings can go eat a dick.
U was just a piece of ass.
The best part of that is the Amazon related product ad at the bottom is for a poster of Frank Zappa on the toilet.
ya i hear u talking don't kno who u tryina flatter
Another successful Final Five.
Thanks for the great hospitality.
Well, there was that stint where I designed for an outdoor theater  that had a whole separate set of challenges.
I am being frank about myself in this book.
I tell of my first mistake on page 850.
Henry A.
Kissinger
Annoyed with everything today
Celebrate Virginia Live is giving away FREE VIP PASSES to a show of your choice!
Check out the VIP picture for more info!
nicole farted and blamed it on me.
Bitch.
I love wiggly things  Mike Milbury.
We've officially jumped the shark here
Or ..
lol.
But seriously ima text you
U know there's always this 1 guy in a movie theater who wont be quiet I'm like he needs to go in time out for 5 min :
Getting ready for studio 6 to preview march issue tune in
: I'm holding you to it!
Lol.
One of the tragedies of Womanhood is I'll never experience the incredible feeling of a blow job.
Jerry, Thanks for being a Razorback.
Leading the team in tackles for 4 years is an amazing stat.
You will be missed!
i was just amazedand all the boys smelled so good lol but jacob was sweet letting me take two pis with him
you spelled Pittsburgh incorrectly.
: It seems to me you hoes will neva change.
Currently heading back home :...
Researching multimedia crowdsourcing and archives.
Excited to find a journal article using TwinPeaks as a case study.
just one reply on my side lol
Weekend with my bitches in bwayyyy gne b
Wow Lucky you!
Condolences......
I'm going to have to get one of those Nintendo Wii straps so it doesn't hit my face anymore.
Dee dee de.
Omg sick fucking lightning, batman.
Nurse DeeAnn to the rescue!!!!!!
;
Things always find a way of getting worse rather than better.
The world will be saved by the Western woman.
Dalai Lama
This OKC vs LAL is about to get real
its like out of a movie!
Rick Scott has become a very effective speaker in his 8 days in office.
You should wear your puka necklace tomorrow when you get your braces off!!: BringBackTheMemories 33 Are you excited???
I AM
MDA is really the reason for this injury.
He was trying to win games on Lin's back and didn't care about his body at all.
aw thank youu
you need to pump your brakes and doctorve slow homie.
Banking that being in the back of the room is a good sign, maybe they want you to enjoy the walk?
prweekawards,
Combine laziness with supporting ?
Oh yeah  I am SO down with this one.
Our is now racing our baby daughter.
Current standings: Leaf due November, baby due December.
BREAKINGNEWS: Woodburn High School fire is now a 4alarm fire.
We are live on FOX 12 right now!
Perfect night...SobelmansBurger, , doctornks, laughs...great start to the weekend!
Follow me to vegas, dallas!
need photos?
Haha aw, you are a very good and doting aunt.
: What did you do?
Never enough!
Where was Quinn?
Boring.
Your weekend?
are you guys gonna try out 's Atari guitar on this upcoming tour?
Maybe its me not him
5 smirnoff cocktails, 3 powers shots, 2 miller bottles.
Come get rowdy with Kyle and Daryl people!
tarts that's snds just alil off.u can't get sumone 2 be that type with out them being exactly that,MIXED!
half black half white
I didn't know you played LoL.
Ive played that game for like two years now.
Aha.
that wld be Awesome
A model must have strength of character  willpower to stay away from doctorgs  2 much partying.
If she takes doctorgs agency will doctorp her.
I love you Michael!
3 You're amazing.
3
Congrats to the 2010 U.Va grads!
Have a great weekend!
Blockheads Upper West Side....you
Quote from Henri CartierBresson: To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart.
It's a way of life.
Community is genius!
I can seriously watch Pillows and Blankets over and over Leonard likes this post  amazing!
oh now ur gonna play coy too?!
Ha.
U need more wine!
The things we do for Tiger Blood
that all sounds terrific.
I'm stealing the formula when I get remarried to my companion cube.
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid?
He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
American History X withh  
Yes it's a great show just watched this week saw 35W Bridge sign from '07collapse at MN Hist Center..
Testing social media presentation using iPhone pocket projector so neat.
test projecting videos and slides onto wall.
Am annoying family!
It's more concise than bovine excrement...
: It's rarely crowded on the extra mile.
the massacre all over again
yea but you would have to lob in a pitch to throw a strike without someone to frame your pitch for the ump or walk sceeyone
Say it isn't true!
RIP Junior Seau.
Big sigh of relief that this Knicks season is over.
I now have so many other teams I can root for!
Thanks for the call out I think I got used to hiding.
;

I missed him??
I'm so confused.
When is your album doctorpping?
People keep saying different months.
ParadiseJune5?
The Character El Jefe is a Mexican crime lord who was educated at elite American schools including York University
ok cool
We're hoping to have it back on 8/23 but can't guarantee that date, unfortunately.
U can order and we'll ship when avail..
we want to hear about what you would like to see on our new website www.getbettermaine.org!
more health resources?
maternity rankings?
umm I could say the same thing to you 
Cold Smold...
getting it in!
aliyah call me
Cashers 41 on Friday night and 61 the past 2 nights.
We are taking Saturday off in preparation for laying large bets Sunday.
Someone take Mike Smith's stick away from him until he can play nice.
Put some awesome colours in 's hair today, and Joe's as well...
I wish Justin would let me dye his hair.
My Quote of the Day  It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one., George Washington
Goodbye, Hootsuite...
my love...
Too much alcohol can act as a depressant  inhibit the orgasmic reflex.
Keep the tequila to a minimum today!
My pleasure!
:
I love you.
I think Joey does
INCEPTION greatest movie of the summer, hands down.
my hotmail account was compromised which hs contacts harvested from linkedin hope i have fixed problem
this nigger is annoying me via text.
Scram Scram Scram.
Guess what!
The Blonde Assassin killed her first target.
2nd one is not easier.
: Showering, and Crusty Crab coming over :D
Finally, finally, finally confirmed for a massage this weekend.
Never thoughts of suicide i'm too alive
: You're welcome!
Great article.
DUI checkpoint tonight!
!
!
Hollywood and Gower!
Be safe tonight!
im sorry lol but thanks for the follow
Does anyone get the Longhorn Network?
Golf show I edited airs tonight at 7PM  11PM CT.
Egh!
I don't have time to get it fixed and I leave the country tomorrow for vacation!
So had replied to my posts on the ustream and made me smile more than I have in a month Thanks James so much for just being you
Welcome SuperSpecialNewFollower  let us know how you think we're doing!
CarolV, IF Twittrer ;
I want a 20 runs for Yankees nd whip these REDSUX
HAITI had voted for isarel to beacome a nation..History.
9W Answer to the question: Do you spell your name with a V, mister Vagner?
People forget about Caesar's friend Faye.
As he was being assassinated, Julius saw his assailants and asked Et tu, Faye?
I'm sorry to hear that.
Did you get the kids in the divorce?
Something about active use of the senses as a social activity...
Used today to share my screen to show a client potential web site designs.
Super easy to use and free!
Jermaine Paul brought back all my favorite people.
:D
Looks like highs of 69 today  perfect Blue Bar weather in our eyes!
What's your favorite type of patio weather?
RT for a shout out!
:D
This is gonna be a Good Series I see Albert n Carpenter Pulling off the series gonna be a good one !!!
Whoa.
Theon is almost as bad as Joffrey.
Almost.
Just sent a hair donation to Locks of Love from over 10clients!
If u want to donate your hair 10inches or more we will ship it.
And Kobe is still to damn clutch
maybe within the last 6 months.
Who's coming?
...Everyone?
...Really?
Wow!

something that will fill in a form while I'm testing client side validation, checkout, etc.
look at how pretty!
:
May Day.
May Day.
hey interested in radio appearance tomorrow?
Reverse phychology to make friends, use men and manipulate obese female counterparts.
Example, the pretty girl with three normal friends
This was a pretty good weekend, and tomorrow is going to so suck becuz I don't wanna go to school :
: You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you.
exactly .
You have no idea ..
right like I have ANY idea when the census was.
I googled!
Thought you were working out of the Club Brady restroom?
franciscan a .
Secret sessions not on the guide.
Ha ha
city needs , why ignore medical cannabis ?
DMV home of the egotistic
don't let amazon know or they will come to your house and conglomerate you!
Retweet your way!
SUCKS for Terrell Suggs.
Man is in his prime.
But I'm not going to act like I feel oh so bad for him...
I don't.
Keep it moving
hello my good man, i'll take your finest, cheapest wine.
my favorite emoji is  there's a lot going on there for just one emoji
My kids love the apple sage.
Kinda sweet; very tasty!
well youshould be!
love the article...I would have prefer if it was mobile friendly...can't wait 2play with
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
Happy Mother's Day mommy!!!
3
Whoever said white guys can't rap?
:/
I just donated blood cc:
cut copy def gave me a Phoenixlike breakthrough for this fest: I had been charred to ashes by the sun CC brought me back to life!
los amo con todo mi amor i love you MB
700 plays on my video after a week!!!
You all are awesome.
3
That would be fun!
Let's do it  you want to ask Adam or should I?
Or Both?
I thought it was going to be Fifty Shades of Grey.
Much classier though!
:
Another one!
is the man!
Hopefully this lighting storm goes away soon 
I've only ever loved 3 things in my life.
one of those things is my iPhone 4 
well yeah what youre doing right now is easy
Affirm: I honor my fear and my courage
thank you, soul brother and likewise.
and busted channeling my inner LeRoi from back in the day, fo' sho
Good!
Just got home too.
doctornking lots of water now.
I'm gonna need it!
:
Not all of the PM was infected, though Graham declined to say what the infection was.
Its either going to be there or its not.
looks solid
Usher is getting a little to old to be singing about sex though He got money he can retire and just make songs
I knew it!
I can't wait.
I won't even need to watch the game; I trust your tweets as accurate, unbiased commentary.
and me, a simple medical sociologist.
bioethics AJOB celltex this is a big story, so revealing.
Smokin Dope.....That's
Would you rather a cool chef pic of something really great, or a perfect pic of something that just looks good?
I'll opt for the chef pic!
got hacked.
I just changed my password.
Great game hawks!
I can't say I'm disappointed to no longer be on the DCDSC.
go lesbian
Quick hi to the lovely !
Thanks for your NARIP love and beautiful music!
I'm good, lunch time with nomz!
You?
friday i did not shop.
sunday i did not watch football.
should i feel guilty?
Thank you for the follow !
www.platinumcce.com
Coming up in moments a chance at a family 4 pack of ticket s to the Disney y show Sat at the JPJ
I mean.
I'm not her Lean rest!!!!
try and understand City are new kid on the block.
RM have had global exposure for decades
I watched a friend's campaign totally flop, so I totally understand the trepidation involved.
i'm a KU fan...quiet tonight but I'm here.
That was a very sucessful practice, can't wait for our game on Monday versus Webster!
well thank you kate!!
How do I transfer photos from my iPhone to my computer via USB?
you dont know your super super super cute seewhatididthere lol

All IS well, thx.
Let's hope it stays that way, after the postappt adoctornaline wears away...
ey bro, just seeing if we're shooting tonight.
I hit you up but your phone is off.
Lemme know
no need to tell me twice
DF?
im so lost on PPL /.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU
I might get to see my bestfriend tomorrow.
I want to invent a really cool way to tie shoelaces.
Make it like an art form.
yeah , so i be around but paper chasin though .
but idk what y been up too nel?
I was just thinking to myself, this subway station really smells like poop.
Then I looked down.
Yep,right on the tracks.
So very proud of my two lil cousins!
I remember when they were BORN !
And now they are graduating!
Wow!
I dont know how white girls do it EVERYDAY.
Hollywood has decided that female gastrointestinal issues have been ignored for too long.
Larry: Oh, I see.
It's because of my affliction, isn't it?
as I understand it, one of the Teen Moms is going to enroll in the Recording Industry program!
And I'm a strangely ok with this.
Great!
I see they even have a Pin Ups lounge at Cannery.
Didn't see that low a rate though.
Secret code?
Where'd u c that?
TY!
Macao is fucking popping right now!!!!!
API  Assumptions Probably Incorrect devopsdays
awesome!!
Same here :
any chance we could do some quick painting with Winnie on Wed.
too!
Think she could get some donations :
Do asian transports say caution may take wide left turns?
Did they change the button for eating in minecraft?
I'm starving to death and my anorexic character is waving a porkchop like it's a flag

regarding patient engagement, what 's your view of the effectiveness of motivational interviewing as a method?
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative income sources for artists!
Does the church and family values really matter that much?
Even at the expense of everything else?
Its raining, its pouring, the old man is snoring?
What does it mean?
Or did someone just ryhme stuff cause it sounded good at the time?
Or as Cub fans call it: The quest for 3....
Boss gave me numerous kudos for my awesome work this week
For more volume, blow doctor your hair with your head flipped upside down.
Make sure your hair cools before you flip back up!
:
ihatewhen people spam and tweet you just to promote something .
loll in colorado we golf in january and ski in july :
Beastie Boys at the Salem Armory in August 1992 was one my favorite shows I've ever been to.
It is so hard to keep your cool sometimes.
You're absolutely right though.
Act instead of react.
Return anger with a kitten.
I thought we were done with this cold weather
idk I heard good ol' massey has been in some serious training
RT : FF We've moved!
Follow to continue to receive updates on all things
I wish it had this weekend.
I'm just not upset about the Quick stuff.
Mainly because I've always had latent Quick feelings.
Always.
Mirror: Ooh!
You look cute today!
Camera: LOL no.
Game 6 pregame news: Kobe is sick as a dog and Birdman has to go clear his internet history.
Advantage
HELLO THERE
I hear you!
Try to do something out of the ordinary to get out routine...art museum has two show that end next week.
:
Why is I that every 711 smells like a bag of poopy dog socks?
What is making that smell?!??!?
doctorve to the hardware store and super marketever notice big cars speed up when you pass themI think I'm going to need some numbers
Thanks for the FF!
Very Scary Video: www.swinetube.com
there are likely to be lots of stats jokes coming in the future.
Sure!
Where/when do you want to meet up?
I'm staying in Ring A wing.
ooh salty wins over sweet...
Just Sweaved a ggplot in RStudio...
and then the world exploded..
In 2011, Super Bowl most expensive ticket was 15,946 for a 7th row seat on the 50 yard line
Heh.
Kotaku's tweet about the same thing called them less valuable players.
I think that's funny.
2 hours to get 50 followers who is gonna help me get there????
Chris Jone shere, Charlotte NC, kicking off ECOSYS in our new night/time, TUES 8pMDT ..
say hey as u arrive
Did we mention 2 tall boyz  2 tacoz ALL DAY?!
Golly!
I will not calm down about these dealz!!
skinny crock pot....there's an oxymoron if i've ever heard one
try porcinis in louisville when you get back.
Pitino gives it rave reviews.
what's up happy thanks giving to you n ur fam 
ur mom loves my dick
IWishYouKnew how I felt when theres a new freestyle.
new interview.
new picture.
Words cant explain I wish you knew...3
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad.
well my son just did i feel embarrased.
good show today
RT : So often we forget that money is not the reason.
The doctoram is the prize and should be the focus, not the money.
PLEASE HELP: Family Reach Foundation golf tourney in NJ July 25.
Auction Items needed.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies  Ron Paul
is running this year, any chance you can come out on April 28 too?
Another win for Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team.
Team is on a roll
Ppl I'm so lovey
we are here at Greater Newark Conservancy's City 21st Gardens Contest Award Ceremony!
we were judges
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
Can i go back to the mayflower now?
i was really getting used to living like zack  cody!
:
Right.
Change is slow.
RT A3 The expectation that change will be sudden and visible.
It takes time.
Sometimes the modicom of talent you have in an area exists for your deeper appreciation of it.
It doesn't have to be your life's purpose.
ur to gangsta to kick it with me?
Haha
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5 RAFFLE TICKETS !
FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !
You know what feels good?
Telling some DB he could have used the stairs instead of the elevator to go 1 floor.
First DonCornelius, now DickClark.
2012 is a bad year for TV dance show hosts.
Feeling frizzy and doctor????
We have a fabulous Keratin treatment to take care of that all through the long winter!!
it lasts up to 5 months!
Hey do u have a ipod touch if so give me ur  and we can Facetime together
No problem.
That was really freaky!
By the way, you taught the BEST audition class I ever had!
Hope all is well.
Failed that AP Government exam horribly.
Haha
I'm still in ATL just been under th radar watching this foolish stuff n the body but stay tuned change is here!
how do i make it the right size
Let's not kid ourselves, we both know whose stuff we want to see.
Please god don't let this pass.
there already is an archaeology meritbadge.
Perpetually too hungry to have the energy to get up and forage for food.
What God has established will be!
Your heart must be prepared for the bridges He will burn for you.
Growth requires destruction of the old!
enjoying a well deserved glass of angel Chardonnay.
My fav!!
Robert Pattinson should he the fucking host.
as always appreciate the content from you
Whoa, I only just updated Google Plus iPhone apppretty slick
Why isn't Moonlighting on Netflix?
and what happen to MadTV reruns on Comedy Central?
I can't remember the last time I watched something on tv
I have no idea.
Sorry!
:/ I was at my friends house watching it.
I was hoping my room might get a new bathroom!
so guess who needs to borrow eve's bayou for real now?
Noticed.
Watching now!
Oh goodness...this episode...
If you can find articles about him prior to being doctorfted you'll see what I'm saying.
No question he was a phenom.
cinema just came on the radio and i started freaking out because the boyz' performance of this is one of my favorites3
Things are aliive out there...
any type of food  I'm staying downtown and have no car 
Okay, sick!
Is it your first one?
Lookin for that perfect Mother's Day gift?!
Send us your fave mom'nme photo for a chance to win a free Spa Treatment!
use FS4Moms!
next week school will be out for the summer.
In a few weeks time I should be to 5 and 6 miles
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the past and move on.
Forget what hurt you, but don't forget what it taught you.
Have u ever had so much weight on your shoulders have nigga like yo bro ever fucked u over......
Two different kinds of marathons in NYC today.
The NYCMarathon and the reinventlocal hackathon
We accept most insurance carriers, email us or call 2535077548 for an appt.
Tell someone you care about  we practice compassionate care.
lessexcitingbandnames JayZed
Why buy a yearbook if your not in half of the pictures anyways????
Any recommendations for good ortho or neurosurgeon in Mil area?
Just looking for second opinion.
Please message me answers.
The font size of the Continue Game button has been increased to match the composition on the interstitials
Hey Will!
How have things been?
It's fun to see redfaced  pouty.
The camera needs to go there more often.
Finally the Aztecs are off to a quick start, leading 2818!
Happy Mother's Day from The City Insight!
Please view a Mother's Day announcement we have on www.thecityinsight.com.
I always notice you.
Whats it gonna take for you to notice mee?
:
No problem!:
Absolutely no taxis when you need one.
Thinking and always will be thinking about ICONic Boyz3 3 3
i thought it was but logie and blake thought it wasnt funny at all.lol
Do you know how I got here?
I failed many times before but I kept going.
I def will, See you later.
HOPE YOU ARE CELEBRATING WHAT WILL BE YOUR BEST YEAR EVER!!
xoxo
It's amazing how well one can play basketball when they aren't busy pouting.
And whats the biggest way to keep black people away?
Thanks for the follow and creating a great product!
First mornin wakin up for class for 3 weeks
is giving away an iPad2.
Visit ipadgiveaway.riptapparel.com to enter.
Just seen my nigga on airways he just ask a nigga to hit up level2.
In other news, my mom and my aunt volunteered to put lotion on my new ink.
Yea for helpers!
Shout out to you need to follow them.
I love their tweets!
it was my birthday yesterday but u did not say happy birthday so it was the worst time of my life
: Vodka, because no great story ever started with someone eating salad...
About to sleep while the suns risin.
I was just over at servino's for a wedding.
I didn't know they had live music there.
SAGgin it..always
Another HUGE concert announcement coming up later today..stay tuned!
Thankful for best friends who break their fingers, local bars to heal the pain, and laughter to appreciate Thanksgiving
RT for that good ol' follow
Your welcome, anytime!!
One of best in NYC  FIlm, keep the great tweets coming :
Thanks, Andoctorw!
Glad you enjoy the videos!
I switched to a Kinesis a few months ago and I've never looked back.
shiiit ready for the long haul grind bro
Want you to be my first ,my last, my ending , and beginning
Best of luck to all the Ironman athletes this weekend  I'll be the guy in the lawn chair doctornking beer while spectating.
I adore me a good cocktail ring  especially when done by a local artisan...big always gets compliments  I get to give props!
if you really want to make her happy send her to the foot massage place and you hang at the bar!!
Psychological professorling, a relatively new field, looks at offender behavior to determine what type of person they are.
Once my respect for you is gone, you really can't get it back..
Headed to the dentist for spacers.
Then braces next Tuesday, freakin yay..
Happy Easter Eve!!!
2 more hours till Easter!!
True or False: Social Networking is a waste of my time...
RT : Oh, you're a DJ?
You must be so good at pressing buttons on your laptop.
Why they hating on ya album cover
Derby Time.
Gemologist and Dullahan look good.
Not countin out Hansen at the 14 post.
Absolutely love the video...You look very handsome in white..
thank you ;.
your looking really good too
Went through my frosh yearbook  almost all the messages include you're the craziest girl and your baby/Jesus jokes are hilarious lmfao
It's such a nice day in New England.
I'm doing some grilling and we are having a wine tasting pool side in my yard.
My neighbors are happy.
5:40am wake ups take a toll on you by Friday.
Everyone has a bitch button.
Who's pushing yours?
While u prolly can't control that person, u CAN control the way u react 2 them.
School is lame
Unity will be difficult but it happens around the table.
Since this page has gone unnoticed....i guess im gonna have to.......
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Take me to the place i love, take me all the way
I loved Garbage Pail Kids  they cracked me up!
I had so many of the cards.
What made you think of that?
good plan.
So very close...
photos as documents of testimony; testify to cultural encounters that preserve them
yea yea lol
You're wicked smaht!!!
RT Who!!!!
What did I tell you a few tweets ago?!?!?!?!
I don't get it either, I used love jaws but he's getting out there...
Hey !
Can you recommend any good scifi thriller novels?
I've been hankering for one and thought you might know....
for 15 seconds
You know what this Hump Day needs?
A little hair of the dog that shit in my shoe.
Washington D.C.
u can teach me anything u want
I bet u are : what credit cards did I say it only took
ThingsIReallyCantStand: people who actually doctorve the speed limit.
What's going on with pimps  so called pimp nowadays falling for their hoes.
I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure that's a no no.
Found 25 iTunes gift card.
Bought , , and Rome albums.
All three are fantastic.
great recovery there by Noesi, too.
kind of inning a pitcher can learn a lot from, more than you can a nohitter.
Have a Wavvey Wednesday!
Besides me, This girl is going through ruins right now.
The simpliest thing you can do is show Harry her Twitlonger.
Please.
Thanks boo!!
Hows that BPL going for you?
:
Seriously!!!!
My boy singing my all time favorite !!!!
This is amazing!
Felt like I was white water rafting in my car...the streets are flooded!
get itogether
Thank you so much for the writings!
On my toread list for this AM....
This world is getting crazy
love will have you feeling good, and looking dumb .
Let's go I heard they found the solution Where will you be for the revolution?
So covered in sweat.
I'm gonna need the ravens to lose next week.
I don't even care if I have to issue a public apology.
Steelers need a bye week
Your post made me tear up.
I'm not sad for you, but really moved.
: Thanks for sharing.
I'm mad I missed like all of on ustream maybe next time
Wondering how I can get involved in the compelling industry of offbeat stock photography...
and by offbeat I mean inappropriate Tebowing.
This is my 700th Tweet, hope it's a good one
Or not.
Great Work
How about you sing to the customers while they wait for their donuts?
; haha that'd be awesme.
Why is the music from Next to Normal amazing
i know.
I love you both 3 hehe
You might get lucky, but it could be stormy at that time.
Happy Monday AlL!
Finally got to get back on twitter!!!:
Jevan Snead is the single worst player in football, not just college but football on any level including pop warner
Crystal Clear Pools has the best deals on pool maintenance, repairs, and renovations
me jealous
RT meeting.
How to mass produce green housing at an affordable price.
Spire Architecture in Millbrook is trying.
still snickering to myself
omg this guy has an amazing range, so unexpected
So hide your face, collect your things; this is what we call the walk of shame
This rain sounds beautiful
Might be due to UNLV getting blasted
Absolutely going to see TheAvengers thus weekend!!
LeBron fills up a stat sheet almost as well as well as Christina Aguilera fills up a shirt.
Am I the only who could care less about the Derby?
Murked that final done with school booyea b rose with later
.
we've come a long way in 40 years.
Teen Wolf Trailer?
Oh lawdy don't even get me going on that show!
dats sweet RT : I like to have people happy even if im not
Back to script writing...may the ideas begin to flow!
doctorving back from doctorpping matt off at college :'..
It can stop raining now..
hm.
I got fourish.
Jealous.
Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer, Titanic is syncing, press cancel, feel like a hero.
I followed u :p
Well, at least I'm good for something.
Thanks!
RT : We're releasing our covers album June 28.
Check out the Romare Bearden A Centennial Celebration, on view now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Pavement, central park summerstage, 75 degrees, pretty lights, smell of burgers cooking wafting through the air.
So how are you doing?
Aw, it'll get better.
me too!
I miss it!
oh, it's what you do to me .
God bless you, good suh.
omg !
Shut up !
Awesome!
The collection of Dykes To Watch Out For?
Thx for the follow Joe.
It has been a long time!
I will be spending more time back home in 2012.
C u then.
Happy Holidays!
A:You can use stevia.There is also xylitol and erythritolwhich don't spike blood sugar.
Highlight if my morning....leftover Chubby's
I'm sure we'll rage enough next wknd to make up for...
New tag line: For when it absolutely has to work, BlackBerry...
junks out  reboots.
Every time.
Catchy?
Eh.
Accurate?
Yup.
out of all my pics yu chose that one.
Why ohh why?
Lol 
I'm hungry 
Madison Pharmacy Associates:1st signs of menopause  an accelerated decline in the bodys estrogen and progesterone levels.
bahahahaha.
Duck face sleeping
i may or may not be watching hannah montana on netflix right now.
IADMIT That everyone can admit that has the most seductive and beautiful smile ever am I right RT if I am
My freaking head is pounding
heard great baritone LEO NUCCI great artist: perfect execution, deep meaning SIMPATICO!
A treasure!!
i miss 3
not yet ; I keep trying to take a pic but it's not doing the color justice.
Open Jam, bring your instrument.
FREE admit.
Sign up, perform on the stage of the Historic Paramount.
711 pm Bar opens at 9 7656421234
Well today is flying by...school tomorrow: WhereIsSummer !?
yeah, 4th gate change in past few hours.
Move everyone breathing down this gate agents neck
is Knoxville in yalls spring break plans?
so exciting!
Congratulations to you and / !
I think you should have ur hen do in LA!
X
didn't Bruce Lee say that first?
If not, where'd they get it?!
Austin is flawless.
that's true :
We're 4 hours in, and the final 2 mims12 groups are presenting: 
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh great just what I needed 
I'm really happy that this headache will never go away
thank you!!
So glad you found me here he :
Should've at least went to the meet.
You Right, You Shouldn't Change, You're Perfect The Way You Are :
Maine produces 99 of all the blueberries in the United States
AH your so close to 600K.
i can't handle the wait!
Austinto600K MAHOMIE FAMILY IS GROWIN 3 SoProud :'
At the game they announced that when Shaq was at the freethrow line.
It looked like Nash congratulated him for making it.
LOL!
LA HOLLYWOOD...WYD Tonight?
You Should be going to SUPPER Clubs Mad Hatters Event...it goin Down...Pretty ladies Free b4 11
Excited for another workshop with cd Valerie McCaffrey!
It's getting closer, the 9 MILE MUSIC FESTIVAL is only 2 days away!
Games on in the restaurant..
Let's fucking go
My beard is awfully full thanks to
Working on the Boot Camp website...Have to finish it up so that I can get to work on my blog!
Just a reminder.
Schmooze event is 5:30 tomorrow at the Benson Hotel in Portland.
See you all there!
it should be a good one!
Thanks for following my twitter Lori.
You may have the only healthy addiction I know of!
What are the benefits of tutoring?
Increases student motivation to learn, increases specific subject knowledge, and much more!
some of the stuff that theyre yelling at each other about are pretty interesting though.
ONLY universities at the top, those that can afford the risks, can disrupt this conservative culture...
MIT leading the way
Why hasn't the film vs digital debate carried over to bibliophiles?
As in, I would never read a book that was printed offset.
on Thursdays it's beer of the month and you take home a beer glass !
Stay tuned for new listings as we get ready for the new year ahead.
Keep US safe plan 1.Cripple with sound cannon 2.Launch tear gas canisters  stungrenades LRAD may inflict permanent hearing loss
Another gloomy, cool day at San Diego's beaches  highs will be about where the water temp is: 6668...brrrr for August.
Better by Saturday
Choices are endless, CHOOSE TO BE IRISH this week!!!
Anyone need pressure cleaning or detailing?
Send me a message........
'Art of Almost' hpstm.tc/7r72 hipstamatic Now ranked 7.
Only two more spots to go.
Please retweet  help me get into top 5!
Jack White is doing the score for The Lone Ranger.
This raises my interest 20.
My total interest in seeing The Lone Ranger is now at 20
thoughtsduringoralsex stop licking like that, ur not a cat!
oh yaaaaaay.
What for?
Remember The Titans :
Looks right from here.
I got a nosebleed this morning.
I've never had a nosebleed.
I must have been doing coke in my sleep.
As an aside, I still don't know how I wound up watching Pink Flamingos at 11.
This explains most of my childhood.
What are the odds UW blocked him from Big 12 also?
Doesn't seem like Bo's style, but would definitely garner an appeal.
Why do NBA areanas play Blister In The Sun by Violent Femmes?
THE SONG IS ABOUT MASTURBATION, Y'ALL!!!!
God I hope I get it
I been hi as hell since i got off work friday ...
An today mixin me, , an tracks ...
What it could take to get the Sonics back in town...
tonight at 10.
What happened to your phone?
hey, they are filming a segment for a travel show in England tonight, come out and be famous 9:30 doors 10pm show 12
Well now you just set fuel to the fire ;
ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You have nice facial hair.
Maybe it's symbolic  like they're going to fill it with their great new work...?
happy birthday girl!!!!
Friends reference.
Love it
im really in love with the songs the REAL love and one night stand
Cream soda is disgusting.
If we just say the name Justin Bieber will we get hundoctords of believer followers?
Let's test this theory, shall we?
I've seen every Pixar movie in a theatre since Luxo Jr, so yeah, unconditional is right.
I love blackberries
When other people are sleeping..im wondering what i should sketch lol
Jay Bruce, definitely.
: Can't wait to get the new album!
I'm sure it's going to kick ass like all the rest!!!
CDB Rocks!
goose this weekend yo!?!?
Life's to short so smile, love and laugh like there's no tomorrow3
Frontline: The Man Who Knew
Amen Piers, Amen.
Ugh now the second most annoying person walked in help
taking a nap
A ba a ba a ba misteroftus LMFAO DIEN.
Thanks Lee.
Do you have any pictures of the BICAL CHEVROLET uniforms that you can send us?
I asked what ward you live in.
Does that seem like too personal a question?
Hey, thanx!
You rock the block, Tina!
To my vegetarian friends: Did you know that many of Taco Times menu items are customizable?
Just opt for pinto beans instead of meat.
Congratulations to Toronto's Richard Forget voted Canada's Magician of the Year by his peers.
It's warm  I'm full.
I'm about lay down on this bench in downtown, like a homeless chick.
And this shit feels RIGHT!
Tonight: Free!
BC's Portland Next Week  Afterparty loft w/ PDX techno Only 5
I doubt it lol
The Dark Knight Rises: Movie of the Year
Saturday night  Wild animal print night at the club.
Come check out the best animals around.
Sounds great.
We look forward to meeting you.
That's great.
There's lots to do for nondelegates too  come to Charlotte if you can!
....But did it concur to him that it affects others around you.
I need to progress or I will be a terrible burden to my family.
A mooch.
Hey mister Richie please followback we had members of our dance group in your Historic all night long music video.
You've got that right!
RT Nobody walks without texting anymore
chicken breast
Our Grocery app, non library, but.
Cool.
I'm not lucky I'm blessed
it's the time of year in Chicago where no one knows what to wear, some people still in shorts and some in winter coats, everyone looks silly
Yeah, you think I want to talk about THAT game?
I'm a sore loser, as always.
Let the games begin...
Scandal hasn't been renewed yet?
sigh
Thank you to all of my new followers.
I have not been able to log in to say thanks lately.
I appreciate all of my followers.:
Happy 26th birthday to Ally, my friend who I met nearly 25 years ago!
I LOVE YOU!!!!
Aww don't worry you can do it!
:
we have officially survived NealPocalypse.
Ah, memories.
The Craptastic might be the finest work you or I will ever do
No offense Ovi.
Pick an appropriate toothbrush  toothpaste, get the toothbrush  toothpast into the mouth, begin brushing.
Biiiieebeeer!
Follow me Please please please please please please please please please please INFINITY MUCHLOVE ...thanks3
CANT WAIT FOR THAT NEW THE DON ALBUmisterAL RAP
Ate a McRibb for lunch, bad idea.
Not sure why it has a cult like following.
note to musicians  bands: don't send us links to your music if you didn't write it yourself.
whatisthisworldcomingto?
Oh Cyrus, I knew you were a complete tool!
wow!!
Congrats..and good luck : 
my fancy doctorss is at the cleaners, should be ready soon.
Then we can doctorss up and go to a dive bar.
Lol still in?
All I can think about is eating Pizza When I get home.Am starving In Evening School.SomeOne Come Feed Me!!
C:
Erica was starting the most doctorma
Well Happy Birthday!!
Wishing you many more.
Someone Call Me ?
nigga I more followers on twitter than you have actual friends in life  lol  H8trs r us  plus the other 10,000 linked into this
hi: I just wanted to say I'm such a huge fan and I adore your music!
: : Fuck spice anxietyattack you spice boy I'm no Kurt haha
Also saw The Lucky One  liked that one a lot better.
Pretty true to the book.
Can't go wrong with Nicholas Sparks usually...
enjoying the load on vinyl brought back from recent trip to MN.
NP: Gil ScottHeron, Free Will.
I wish my cloths were heated before I have to put them on
Most painful thing on Monday is not going to class but sitting in the house waiting for a UPS package
Hearing a song on the radio or in a store and being able to say I'll be seeing them live this summer
I wish I could've been a fly on the wall when Pilar and her goons went to jump Deion Sanders....wtf...cmon lil mama...thats Primetime lol
Thank you Ven Daniel.
yep.
other situations that warrant MGD: meteor strike, zombie apocalypse, visiting AZ, giving birth to octuplets.
We come from two different worlds how tf did we meet up.
Oh no!
The 1MX shirts were not part of the sale, except the Classic Fit, which you wouldn't want anyways.
How about Another BRICK in the Wall ?
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
I love being out of school
doctoramt about Scott Peterson themed stationary.
Yesterday doctorpped off large piece of mine at framer's that will be off to Uruguay via US Dept of State Art in Embassies Program.
An honor!
Hey we're playing on 1/04 in Atlanta, GA.
Come check us out!
When people say the faces Phillip makes while singing aren't attractive..
My old account was.
Oh!
DaresClub strikes again.
Ruining the nutrition lesson.
Just had a great photo shoot can't wait to see the final pictures
MahomieTrivia !!
The winners will..
uhh..
Idk DM Austin  Alex?
Solo Shout out?
Welcome Magic!!!
GoDodgers!!!
Teaching ppl how to create and manage passwords is an important, core digitalliteracy skill.
I'm sure that's nothing you're not used too.
QUICK QUESTION LOL when you tweet Austin or Robert  say to check their dms do they actually reply to you ?
: ahaha
The question is are you gonna be a guy or girl ?
misterThunder6Octave voiceSinging any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistrywishUwere me!
Hibeernation...just around the bend.
FRIENDS 6 of 10: A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute.
He may not seem such a good friend after telling..
Go read what tweeted about publishers  ebooks.
I think my head just exploded.
I want 's album!
Thanks for shopping!
Enjoy the new spring running gear!
thank u for ur support.
Every athlete has an Everestours is helpin each challenged athlete accomplish theirs
HarryStyles please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please
Thanks for following, Amy.
I trained as a nurse way back when at St.
Joe's in Phoenix.
is it bad that when I was half asleep reading this I thought Gary was making a comeback and Os were interested
Linda  John will have a few more nickels in their pocket.
John can get him a couple more shirts and ties...
Kid's gettin off the payroll.
The wayy he looks at the food when it arrives....Lol Oh Madison....
Omega3 improves neuronal activity, and you find it in bluecolored fish, trout, sardines, salmon and tuna.
Nice to meet you and chat with you as well!
...
it's also processed by mah mouth.
Just need to move to Austin
I get money wit da folks I fuck wit da strong way.
What can i do Today
Did u watch the video?
If so, what part didn't u agree with?
The math?
If so, please provide alternative example.
Pro Tools 10 is a beast...
I love my Project Life Givers Sister.
Thank you lord for my PLG sisters.
I love you ladies!!!
Having to delete all your cool shit on instagram because snitchy bitches are trying to get you kicked out of school...
Thank you for recommending LOC website, I appreciate it!
thanks to my new followers!
10 more until i reach 200!
LET THE NBA FIGHT OVER MONEY, MY CAROLINA FAM GOOD!
7pm, ESPN, ON THAT BOAT, IT'S GOIN' DOWN!.......written by a die hard Tarheel fan!
it's on the posts website, and ESPN
How was the view?
Waiting for everyone.
I love love my bed.
Who doesn't?
they really are I look on random pages and there they are saying how Tiffany is amazing I'm like Erm alrighty then.
how so?
followed follow back:
Been studio hoping....
we in there again tomorrow
No I plan to show our conversations live.
The audience arrives at 6 : so keep the stream alive friend!
;
I ate a whole lot of them today, so I should be a beacon of health!
We would like to thank for supporting our May 20 festival.
We have so much fun lined up for
Random question: what's a Knickerbocker?
Besides being the NY Knicks.
I'm so Thailand ready  Passport, Visa, new bikini, beginner digital SLR...
I wish you MOMS a Happy Mother's Day.
We should celebrate Mother's Day everyday.
Stafford would make a good actor
.
just started its presentation about wildfire costs  tech.
Not as many ppl here as I expected 12.
exactly why i bought a nook/ebooks.
In 1st period ..i cant concentrate on my work cause I have on my mind3 :
I can't wait to be so important that I can't put down my cell phone at the check out counter...
44 after 1.
with 3 goals including prettiest goal of alltime!
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
I wana go to Europe :'
i suck at them!
haha :
Trying not to let it go to my head.
;
Our ad in is awesome!
Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show, Feb.
1920 at the Humble Civic Center...come by
when are you coming to Chicago?
lol...i know right...but he still won a ring
well, you won't get shit from me.
I'm a sucker for animals, moreso than humans, at least humans can take care of themselves
Lmao bad girls club wilding Out!!!!
Didn't someone get shot INSIDE a bar for Rot Rally?
GREAT column today.
Thank you!
ha.
Wrong Washington, wrong Jeremy Kahn.
Today's Goal: Take a chance, take a risk, don't be afraid to leap beyond what you know.
Be better each day and shine like the star you are!
Twitter app being gay 
New grey Golden Boy shirts now available at tebowtees.com
The word school looks really strange right now.
I feel like I'm not spelling it right.
RT : RT : Follow and for updates on Virginia Tech.
15 days left until 4th of July and bikini time!
Love that Sweat is going to help me get fit!
You're doing great Adam!
Baseball onegame playoff FINAL: Johnson City 2, Ben Bolt 0.
Take it easy psycho RT : I hope you fuckers get taken
RT : Melbourne Chamber Music Society presents, The Midori Violin Masterclass Sunday, May 06  SunTree United Methodist Church...
Saito, who usually never gives up homers...go figure.
I didn't used to eat meat,  now I think of veggies as a vehicle for bacon.
It's a 20:1 veggie/bacon ratio, but still.
That 5 is delicious.
i thought twitter's purpose was to chat n meet diff.
ppl, not to talk the same shit yu did on fb to the same 10 ppl smh.
you are so right....slipped my mind!!
Thanks!
We are very excited to be there Monday morning!!!
thanks, my Twitter mini bio says it all I guess and is a wonderful oasis in this world indeed.
Nice!
We should go play soon and get to go play too.
Earnings falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than centralstation en
RT : HGTV is looking for estate and garage sales in Michigan to feature in new season of Cash  Cari.
Call 416 531 2500 ext.
644
I'm honored to be part of the 10.
learning how to use twitter!
Madison?
Do you see this tweet?
My pleasure!
same here when you off next?
I'm at the OccupyThisAlbum release party at The City Winery.
Every performer is excellent!
I'm defintely buying this album
That girl did not just look at me and say, Oh my God my vagina smells good, want to smell?
Stupid blonde girl!!
Maybe 'cause we are not used to doctorving through ice and snow babe!
Stay warm out there.
Scratch that: whole site is down.
I assume you know, but just in case.
weird talker
I would curse this church traffic but I don't want to offend the lord 
Just registered for my first trail race...
The 1/2 marathon at the Ice Age 50, May 12th.
!!!
I like seeing us pick for a position of need.
Hope he can handle Pats WRs.
will do.
Hope ur good
RT I rather be a dork than a dumbass
wow thats kinda harsh
thanks for the FF shout out!
Happy Friday!
This Packer fan wishes Johnny Jolly a safe  sober future.May not be football, but may very well help someone else  after he helps himself
Beautiful evening with friends listening to open mic night
where u at cuzzo?
Just uploaded a crap ton of photos from some shows we played in the winter.CHECK EM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was out there today to bt my phone was dead
We just received new beautiful tea pots.
They are the perfect gift for your Valentine.
Hey check out that video I just tweeted, I think you saw that party bus in Amsterdam on spring break ha
anytime!
hope you get 300!
:
hey,,is this really your account??kindly give me a tweet please:
Workin on my fitness
I was thrust into square three!
My husband and I were made an offer we couldn't refuse.
Biz owners in distress, friend of a friend.
Britney Spears  Wedding Should Be Personal  FamilyOriented, Says Wedding Planner Britney Spears and Jason Trawick just got engaged,
I look Damn good today ..
Felicia, thanks for the FF shout out.
Minor IS Major.
xoxo
It's time for a new phone....I'm unfollowing people on accident...damn
Thanks!
Lucky shot while we were hightailing it out of there.
naw tomorrow, he was just getting most of my stuff
where r u????
Can't find u did u move to europe
Bunked hard as a bitch this weekend wit my nigga kushh
nothing really..
it's the weekend : hehe and you?
Want to dine with us tonight?
To reserve a table please give us a call 2250000
You're welcome, Lauren.
Hope your holidays were amazing!
We should talk sometime soon...
D
At school , woke up 10min ago , was gonna be late so I came in my pjs lmao.
Oh godd I look like ishhhhhhhh , oh well !
it was awesome meeting you!
: hey boo
I'm cheering for the Wirehair Dachshund!!!
does anyone else hate the indian people that take calls for companies?
i can't understand them!!
AHH i just wanna fix my computer!
People complaining on twitter about people that complain on Facebook about people complaining all the time.
hahahahah its funny because it is
Why didn't we take any receivers?
I guess they plan to confuse other teams with Smith and Heap running routes at the same time?
It is awesome the patio rocks!
: LOL shirelicious!!
I have not but it has to be the best atmosphere for a restaurant e ...
I had a great weekend, but now I'm so tired!
I'm going to sleep amazingly tonight.
oomf really needs to stop voxering me
hope you have a great time in Edinburgh.
Try the whiskey museum on the royal mile.
Was great 20 years ago!!
Oh Whitney when you where great you where the greatest.
Some of the best 80's tracks ever and one hell of a movie along the way.
Last day of school then exams : that makes me smile
Long but great day onset yesterday for Secret Life of Walter Mitty
Stretching out
shallow lady friend asked what she should throw away in her closet
you were dead on with that first question.
How can he follow rules in office if he cant follow simple rules of marriage?
Jackson's symphonic band is on the coach bus and headed down to Champaign!
actually lol I have the tattoo :P
Upstairs working composing a choral piece, hearing my wife composing her songs downstairs.
Thank you Tumbledown Mountain, you rocked my world.
Paraguay is believed to be the worlds largest producer of marijuana.
iusedto care about what people would say about me but then i realised im better then they are
thanks for tuning in and tweeting out :!
That would have been my childhood doctoram.
We spent summers about an hour south of LBI, but i wanted to live there yearround.
put yer back into it!!
where's Russell the muscle these days?
would be nice to have tonight
the wife and I thought someone in production was screwing around with the logo  space and sex  apparently not!
Great idea
bark did you stay home too?
oh wait, nevermind!
I thought you didn't watch it.
Haha  what happened on it?
Imma do my best though .
Or else they're just catchy as hell.
There's that possibility.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
if I had a super power, I would have the power to Teleport
Now listening to Ready by I'm ready for love, I'm ready for love!!!!!!!
I agree.
It is September, I would like cooler temperatures.
I am so tired of excessive heat.
Sound surrounds us  and nourishes us  and sometimes annoys us.
Come join in it's celebration!
www.celebratesound.org
Be sure to tell you nephew: he can now get pints to go from Stock up to dorm freezer!
how do these songs kill the mood????
NP Madman by
.
on Chelsea Lately is all kinds of epic win!!
thanks for the RT!
stole that shit from you nasty!
Time to see how the dolphins are gonna screw up this doctorft
thanks for enjoying and we appreciate all the tweets
ha!
We were kinda doctorssed alike last night!
I wonder if we'll match again tonight???
Lol
Maybe that's why they're in those sad situations, not everyone makes wellthought decisions
its all good to wanna work out for your new year's resolution, but don't take it too far...baby needs back;
hates me :
2012c19 That's one of Pete's talents: making lots of things sound like Whitman.
As interesting as Whitman.
i saw that tease on Today...
How old are we?
She stuffs her bra with toilet paper, and she wantsta call me fake?
I just finished a 2.52 mi run with a time of 28:07 with Nike GPS.
Hernandez just jacked that dude up.
: Time to put presser on Walker!
He should resigen.
truu where at?
Who the fuck is this motherfucking chola you guys talk about!!!
lol
good thing he's single because I'm gunna climb that like a tree
Thank you!
in good company!RT
We are more alike then you may think.
Just recorded legendary Kiwi Keith Quinn's bit for the Oranges at Halftime exhibition.
Good stuff!
www.orangesathalftime.co.nz
There has gotta be a better way
Shut the fuck up, seriously.
Freaking Fantastic
RT In 20 years there will be no phones.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers.
By far the hardest job on the planet.
Blessings to all.
Floyd got Justin Beiber out there holding his championships belts
How r the Tweettows!!D
the music biz is moving the way we need it.
Its a process but fun.
Snack between the nipples.
Same here, we were trying to make a tumblr for Mahone.
But someone already made the account and they don't even use it .
doctorp everything you're doing, and come visit your favorite band.
nuf  is fun spelled backward.
Join us for a cardio boot camp infused with Thai boxing and extreme abs every Mon/ Wed 8 p.m.
w/ Marcelo Melo
And now you're like me?
Bought so many you can't keep up or find enough shelf space?
:
raw was good last night :
Super troopers best opening scene haha  candybars
the Elite 8 is GREAT!!!!!
Oh  btw, for those that don't believe me on the Jefferson quote I used?
Look it up, from a letter to doctorBen Rush dated Sept 23, 1800 :
That's very cool
She lived an extraordinary life and I'm sure she misses you.
You got to know her due to your persistence in making the film.
Closing AUDJPY short scalp.
Really testing my reversal theory.
UPDATE 3PJM secures capacity at base price of 136 per MW
Apart from the human rights abuses and being corrupt dictator, best part of Kim Jong Il dying is the new twitter account
Thanks for participating today in the class.
Best of luck!
my client meeting went well!!
I'm so excited to make this doctorss!!
My pleasure!
We like to support startups with great ideas at

glad to hear you like our music!
Thank you  spread the word tell all your friends!
3
I hate it when its that time of night when my TL dies
just got home : hope everyone's having a great friday night :
looking good Deena
1/2 lb.
House Ground Sirloin, Sautéed Mushrooms, Muenster Cheese, Arugala, and a Horseradish Aioli on a Kaiser roll.
Soup?
Potato Bacon, yo!
Thanks For Following!
: xx
Already?
WOW.
Ha ha.
New doctorg to combat asthma symptoms A new doctorg has been found to significantly reduce asthma symptoms caused by common colds in the first
I need to find a good twitter app bcuz tweetcaster on my iPhone dnt give notifications n echofon dnt have twitlonger smh
Good morning all.
Today is a new day.
Yesterday is gone  tomorrow is not promised.
Don't let yesterday's problems ruin your today.
Kara
when are u going to learn?!!!
Anyone tryna let me get in on they Netflix account lol.
Wanna see what my phone can do
Hey everyone visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have awsome specials going on right now on your favorite toys and games.
Randy Bass offers excellent suggestions for TL at Educause's MARC12.
Can IT give students the voice of authority?
babygirl what you doing with that?
you might hurt somebody lol...
Now I Just Need To Find Out What Song I'm Gonna Use For My New Piece
ugh got called to work :
I beez in the trap!
Wendell Anthony's mother got robbed and Detroit police did nothing.
Everyone has a photographic memory.
Some don't have film.
Awesome!
Tyrese!
RT'd it a few times!
:
nothing much, playin street fighter.
Enjoying my night.
And you?
I wanna uh uh uh uh uh undo it!
TGIF!
Share your weekend plans with us and you never know, you may win a free Scorzie!
That performance on thevoice was amazing c:
What do you have to say about THAT?
But I trust in your unfailing love.
I will rejoice because you have rescued me.
Well, I haven't written at all today...
but I addoctorssed ALL of the wedding invites  spent way too much money at macy's  sephora.
We'd love to feature u as a deal on Promoted to 20k students in San Diego.
Interested?
I have never seen so many VW buses.
Only in Portland!
My pleasure always!
30 off.
M
STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIEND!!!!
same here man...
Watching this, just reminds me you're one day closer to leaving..
....staffers to embed themselves in communities that can serve up scoops  distribute finished stories,...
.'s Delia Pompa is testifying tomorrow at 10am EST in front of the House Ed and Workforce Committee.
Follow along for live tweets!
you should def post a video of that.
also you should have no shirt on.
RT : Moving on these crutches is one hell of a workout
Johnny Depp on Ellen today, my bby!
A holding fee is a good thing !
WTFWasYouThinking when you touched my face btch?!
,
Love ain't hard to find ppl just picky
Every time I watch an Xmen movie I feel as though I have mutant powers.
Until that emergency room visit.
yes, but impt research, hope they'll track 'new' UK poverty amng women  men by race, culture, orientation,  disability status
But really, when are you getting in to SD?
We fly in Weds afternoon if I'm remembering correctly.
Maybe midmorning?

gotta love the
Yes, from school  no advanced classes offered in summer.
So working on my app, working retail, and trying for an IT job
I wish I was seeing Obama right now with my momma and bro
I hear your follow and RTing everyone what about me?:D
Hell Yeah!
GO FLYERS!!!!
Carnivores: Go vegan!
Try southern fried chik39;n
Never let someone else's impression of you ruin your image of yourself.
.
Nope.
But thanks for asking.
cc
We just finished an amazing podcast!
Look for it this Friday.
RT: Gentlemen:: You should never let ur woman feel insecure..
Actually ..Ur job is to be their security ..
is there anyone at my school that doesn't smoke pot.
seriously I'd like to know.
Some guys just confuse the F outta me.
Whatever it was is over, but one follows me on instagram, another on 4square.
WTF?
It's done!
oh well, you have to.
: 30 school days left though.
!!
RT: I want it all that's why I strive for it
me and the rest of the 12th man nation say welcome to the Seafense.
I can only be what the Most High wants me to be, Damn society
Me: Peanut butter and Jelly please.
Hannah: Peanut butter and Chili?!?!
...yes Hannah, chili...HAHA
Message me.
:
I have a feeling u won't c this, but if u do, can I get a hi or an Be ICONic?
So do we!
What fun it was to have the BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
My girlfriend is the best, one day I am going to marry that girl.
Hope I don't screw it up.
I love you so much You're my idol  I listen to your songs everyday and you are soo hot it's crazy!
Follow me please?!
1D3
Every time I watch old episodes of Law and Order:SVU, I die inside...Chris Meloni on True Blood so soon!
Simsimi app is to hilarious!
I said suck my cockiness her response lick my pussyyation
Holy cuss words, batman
looking at my new cute little black shoes.
Excited to wear them Monday if it doesn't snow.
Learning to play the piano!
Strawberry Fields Forever
Some loser wants to knock me out with his water bottle
feed your head
Yes I am 20 almost.
I hate flushing the toilet in the dark and seeing myself in the mirror.
Ive always hated it.
Lol
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!33
oh I know!
Your that one girl I use to see at my friends house right!?:
Wat a day today
I should start calling my walks with Toni runs instead....
How did this puppy get so strong??
What am I feeding her??
40thingsaboutme 37.
Someday, I want to move far away from home...
YouKnowWhat , You'll Thank Me Later
Are you in the Dallas area?
:
On The Phone 3 love her:
Today is national honesty day..
Tweet me how you feel or no?
yeah that would be awesome.
Sorry we missed the celebration also.
Let's do something in the next week or so?
Last i knew he 'Inhaled and stoned himself a few times!!
Nope!
Oct.
28th30th.
I ask because duke said he  his dad might be taking their bikes, so I would take mine  we could all ride
I'm starting to think that Google needs to kill off Google now before it kills them.
The experiment failed.
Move on.
We currently only offer the Swing GUI version as a Free Edition but I did have plans to offer a Web GUI Free Edition in the future.
Welcome new follower!
:
: No I won't be, who would ever want to do that???
RT : Will you be doctorssed as a Stormtrooper?
HarryP!
somebody call 911 , shawty fire burning on the dance floor ..
Whaooaoaoaoa
Its funny when u burp and taste something totally different than what you ate that day!
wishing that a certain person would realize how much he loves her but really need her to understand him.
I know...right?
The cat claimed the chair.
Havin Alot Of Friends Dont Mean Much To Me, Id Rather Have 4 Quarters Than 100 Pennies..
iBooks2 Author appl can read keynote files.
Combine to create interactive content.
Ahh the promise of a new day.
Victoria Azarenka takes Qatar Total Open ladies tennis championships title
Landscaping can add as much as 15to the resale value of a building and speed up its sale as much as six weeks
Family bbq's are awesome :
Money don't sleep that's y I hardly get sleep
Love Your Background333
Hey love, im not going to bed yet but if you are i wanted to say goodnight :
yep!
Rocking disney all over the place.
Been almost 2 years!
Do you guys have season passes?
I hadn't even noticed!
TV lights make it look blonde!
It's almost noon!
Time for Paula Time!
: i get hella bands, hella bands don't i baby gul Louie!
Why do i care what career my classmates are going for?
I want to get on tumblr ..
not sit through stupid powerpoints.
This is the only show thats cool enough to open and close a segment with ICE CUBE rappin.
I need to find cute 1/2 single flared plugs so I can stretch my ears again.
When I watch bbw I be in a fighting mood.
YES finally done :D
rap sick
RT : Saw a few newer breeds incl Bergamasco Sheepdog.
I nearly fell over him thinking he was a brown rug!...
Man watching BSRracebday at start.
you only got 10 miles to go.
: how do you keep up your energy!
Nobody cry but there's a tinypossum on the loose on campus I just saw leering at people on McClintock.
Thanks for including me in The Stuff!
Please disregard my previous tweet.
I may be doctornk.
: don't expect things to happen.
it's better to feel surprised than feel disappointed.
RT real Talk!!
great advice!
smartsistah !
mentioned migas in a recent review of Meztizo I think.
Never seen it anywhere personally
Tonight feels a lot like Christmas.
I hope I can sleep.
any suggestions on what to make sure to include when speaking about commercial hops?
night hope my crew and ur crew meet soon!
Gonna buy doctorss for My Mock Interview after school.
2 more Weeks till my mock interview.
It is a beautiful day!!!
Have a wonderful weekend!!!
We will be back to see you all on Monday!!
I hate when ghetto chicks call other chicks ghetto.
I'm screwed!
Can't find my top secret decoder ring dongle thing that let's me log into work's network.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
36
and we still have smarties.....want some?
I am doctorwning in candy :
Yes!
Game on!
RT : ucbrunch are students able to connect gaming consoles other media players to UC's network via Ethernet?
Iknww 3people that are always there for me : , , and iloveyall ' so much 
Haha.
You won't be jealous when you see the photos to come out of NATO since I am required to work.
No me gusta.
Check out our you tube channel  search SIMboston.
We use it for member recruitment  website content
A very happy Spring Break to all you CU students...have fun  be safe!
Vending machines are very dangerous!
Currently in Taipei, where I'll be hanging out for another 5 hours before my flight to Thailand...
Learning guitar is what I give up every day yet struggle through every week.
At my cousin graduation !!
Anyone in the US Bancorp tower tomorrow.
Stop in and say hi, we're taking a bed to the travel show!
wow the blue line sucks today.
R u fixing the track or is it just worn thru?
What happened to all the renovations u did in 2009?
Local Appliance Repair Company, AM PM Appliance Repair, is Now Offering All Customers a Five Year Warranty on All ...
Thanks!!!
So sweet!
Hahahaha, only if you can stomach the idea of her reading and enjoying ;  it
Given the evidence of our collective history, I can finally understand the desperate need to believe in an irrationally forgiving God.
Just got a call from Toys R Us.
:
No use crying over spilt milk.
This guy know how to use Twitter   followed anyone tweeting the ISCW12 hash  offered deals
Damn that's a great day!!
What's wrong?
Our beloved doorman Andoctorw's last night is tonight.
Stop in and give him a hard time!
Do you think its possible to make professorssional quality demos with a home studio setup?
What are the most important elements in doing this?
What's Kahlish's status?
fleener : Vikings take Harrison Smith.
So who do you think, 49ers fans: Fleener, Hill, Randle, Silatolu, Other?
what it do...chrishun!
where you been?
awesome!
14 u?
misterG PEOPLE, HAVE A MEETING TDY W/SECURITY CO.
PRAYING THAT IT captainRED FOOTAGE FRM FRI THEFT, WILL POST UP ANY IMAGES FRM THE THEIF!!!!
that's pretty scary haha :
you going?
I doctorpped my phone in the darkroom and my phone screen is cracked.
Clean windows at Multitech, how about your office or store?
Are you guilty of having a sweet tooth?
If so, whats your favorite sweet food?
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
yes.
But I feel sad for him a little bit
I'm glad I helped expand your food choices  RT : since The Boarder Cafe!
If I tell you the answer I'll cheat you of a learning experience.
can u follow back plz thanks
RT : MASH, Altman's classic comedy film at 7pm FREE 900 16th St
Smoke my feelings away!
Wow that is so cool!
Yes, I showed many Shambhala images before she got going on my design.
Glad it resonated :
Thanks for the follow, Coach.
Hope all is well!
I like it like that!
Hey windows down, chillin with the radio on!
BLACKBIKEWEEKENDMYRTLEBEACH ARE YOU GOING??
Thanks for the follow!
Happy designing.
I am not a happy camper.
Working toward my doctoram everyday.
best of Luck with your presentation ;
Today at lunch i was craving fried chicken
w.e
Lol Thank You
Big easy tonight at 6!
Be there!
I want to try a peppermint mocha frapp.
from starbucks.
:
I have dog walking training Friday.
We should team up to volunteer.
have to be there to find out!
right!!
:D
i think that little fact depends on who you are hugging
Just home from Albufeira in Portugal.
Absolutely amazing holiday!
I like you.
No diggity...
Whatever that means lol
Lights, Camera, Action  Upward Motion Personal Trainings OnLine Video Channel Exercise Video LineUp
If you guys haven't yet done it.
Please follow me on my new Twitter .
Even al my little beliebers.
Thanks!
Hold onto your words because talk is cheap.
Super excited for a late night dinner with one of my favorite girls ever.
Thankfully we are leaving the girls at home!
Yea I know it is...smh crazy
I agree bro, u look ready rep for Detroit on 'em fuck what they talking bout
sunday night dinner with the family, then sunday TV and off to work in the morning...
even though its my day off...
People spend 500 billion hours a month on Facebook.
Tired of having him wake up at 3AM.
I suspect it's because he's getting a meaty nap in the afternoon.
Puttin them hours in
RT : New Blog: My Review of The Biblical World from // Check it out!
Thanks for that...
glad to see some people can still spell!
Happy happy joy joy!
Yay!
How awesome...so happy it's gonna happen.
Congratulations!
Good luck !RT : Going to see if I can find hubby's dad this morning
Who's excited for 4.5 hours worth of meetings today!?
HAPPY WEDNESDAY TO ME!
thanks for following  i'm good and u?
At the Fillmore waiting for Beach House to hit the stage!
mw3 tip of the day:wen going for a M.O.A.B use specialist for all of the perks
I miss you :
It's not hard to find online.
Glad you liked the review!
Hope all you hydoctorbikers are having a happy holiday!
Don't forget, our holiday light tours run until January 1st!
:
In the studioo
LMFAO, you're funny.
probably a stop watch.
Possibly a tape measure.
the online hostility towards people who have moved to austin never ceases to amaze me.
seems to go against what i think makes austin great.
Can't even breathe my allergies are so bad
are pig ears vegan?
All that I know is I'm breathing.
Lol no prob :p RT : I forgot the font part lmao thanks
God made wrist for the SWASS watch...
cool!
look forward to your post.
a hazelnut latte is what I like to call: my shrink in a glass, my sunshine in rain, my eclipse in the Sahara  my daisy during winter.
Worked 12 hours today :/ Came out with 360 though!!
Now at ihop with the crew.
Can't wait to go to sleep!!
Get my alerts  text TSERVICE to 41411.
Pls RT!
TService improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
They the best team in the country.
I just received instructions for a spot that said, I know the script is long, just read it fast.
What have we become?
Reading blogs for 4 hours probably wasn't very productive.
is like digital crack
Stay at it friend.
tenacity is more important than opportunity, differentiation, intellect, or innovation.
You can bank on it.
Dinner time and then a glow in the dark Easter egg hunt tonight with the little ones.
God bless
Kobe Bryant is just a winner.
Looking forward to speaking at on April 18th and meeting club pres
Nervous about being on tv tonight.
You ran the wrong way?
As long as you ran as fast as you could, it's ok
Follow to hear about indigenous people's issues.
She is livetweeting from the UN Forum on Indigenous Issues.
I Love You Forever Hubby..
:
Whole new game as Bruins continue to control the play since calling the timeout.
Marchand  Waterbug
I CAN'T WAIT 333.
Finally got my pay check from oakley they took forever !!!!!
Now time to go back to work 2morow wohoo
are you with AC?
Market noisy, lots of people, Shopping list arugula pesto, pears, spinach,
Thinking of those who lost their lives on 9/11.
Sports Center just tweeted !
So cool!
I love the boys that dont ask whats wrong, they just put their arm around you and say Im here for you
Great to see 's student groups come out for SACFair.
We'll be here for 2 more hours!
Being a model is not easy!
But I like it!
Discover the beauty and wonder of the universe in the seed of your own heart.
please, they were hooligans and not canucks fans, and it happened a year ago.
haters seriously don't know when things get old
All these girls concern about my life
Watching Pumpkin Head 2
My mom gon send me to firehouse to get her food smh lol
Nyjer breaking out the beast in the 1st...
nice!
//thanks!
hope you and your fam are well!
Please follow me pleas
Best thing to happen at the SuperBowl?
Yes, I got a free pizza by getting the coin toss from Papa John's.
My dad won too.
It's my pleasure.
:
nashville is awesome!
You will love the Music City!
Live music pretty much everywhere.
Really?
No one can explain why the Magic are struggling?
Have those people seen Chris Duhon play?
He isn't a top 50 NBA PG and is starting.
going to have mcds for dinner
and classic PR rings true.
promotion work help your performance and relevance...
Hey, are you coming to DC to promote the Johnson book?
PopcornFlix, our appofthday, will keep you watching.
Hold the butter!
I am doing phone screens with the game on.
I have warned each one that I may all of a sudden curse out loud.
PS  thanks for the RT.
I hope you'll come by.
A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.
Alain de Botton
Real friends do not compete with each other and not envious, but help and genuinely happy for each other ...
Mark Miles: The rally cry ought to be rebuilding the urban core.
You must be feeling better today.
Your hair looks so much cuter than it did yesterday.
My loving coworker...
Finally watched basketball wives that ish is wack
Chicken wings at 10AM for the Husker game!

we're at at tech4d discussion.
Would like to learn more about afi forum  afi growth prize!
thank you!
And yes, I do.
My SPSS training is going to come in handy!
Hair Dyeingmake your own fashion statement
u do it every day jkay
is a badass.
In TX?
Oy.
RT : Every life has good and bad in it; store the good memories and discard the bad.
Life will be full of love and light.
Stressed me the hell out dude
How will the new OFCCP regulations affect how you source talent, and engagement, communication, and teamwork in the workplace?
this is getting ridiculous!
someone end this game!
Someone has to score sometime...
Jim Neal: closing thought, r we facing terminal or phyletic extinction?
I hate waking up this early!
It rained in my car cuz I left the window down and I had to chase the school bus!
Ugghh it's one of them days
Ive decided i am going to cut my bangs straight across and put some blonde in em:
NOW O'S...
WHO GOTTA BETTA BULLPEN?
OH YEAH!
dude can we make it this weekend just to eat the shit out of it!!
Haha
let's hope so.
whenever you like my dear!
Hey!
Ppl I am bck go follow and
Stay Single!
No one tells you what to do simplify your life
Thanx 4 the mention!JoannaMarple U R Awesome!
So nice to meet you in the SCBWI LinkedIn group discussion.
:
Ale's going over to kims  they said they'll try c:
Always wit my eyes on the east .......
What a group you put together man...should be a great show
Totally understand!
These are busy days!
haha was it the unholy trinikitty!?
Date night at Cholon....perfect!
So much fun!!!
Sounds awesome.
On list now!
Thanks for info
It's not so bad..
Lol I'd like to chill.
Tired of hanging out with the same people.
ShigekoTweetsFrom1976 : orphans8 JONAS, WOULD YOU LIKE TO HAVE A VIDEO SHOW?
old england pictures
Sigh...
i hate reading this book
pff..doctorw, I only rock the oldies!
C'mon man
I CAN NOT STAND YOU.
YOU ARE SO ANNOYING AND YOU HAVE A HUGE BOBBLEHEAD.
For all the bitching and complaining I've been doing about this new webapp, I've just got to say that I'm incredibly pleased with it now.
Looking for guestblogger!
Let me know if you are interested!
Still need Cola 6?
I'm in Logan Sq til 10am, then back around 1 or 2.
can doctorp somewhere for you
Me and skem high as fuck off this super.
Watching Harold and Kumar go to white castle and we bout get some Hardee's.
Thanks for the RT!
Have you a brain?
Do not strain it too much, for the results are awful.
Wine Tasting 101: Use your eyes, nose, palate, mouth.
Sight: Discuss color, clarity, brilliance, viscosity and rim variation.
It's hard to watch your blood fall before you.
And willing to fight for what is wrong.
Don't give up.
Don't ever, give up.
Jimmy Valvano
me and my girlfriends been talking abt it.
We all agree we'd run out the door for some gourmet coffee delivery!
Alright rios be the hero
Just turned the heat on for the Sunday school class next to us
many times it seems a woman doesn't want to doctorve her own car so she'll ask if I want to doctorve it
Shout to for the follow
Sunday papers done.
Thank god.
For ea.
mention of hashtag beatcancer, eBay/PayPal  MillerCoors will donate .01 to breast cancer research, cool.
Not a hoax.
So you guys won't be cosplaying as the Ponds, then?
Ugh haomework is hard!
that always works for me!
Lmfao.
im hungry and cranky.
and doing a project.
bad combo.
YIKES.
Enjoying my day off!
: Pisces don't like people challenging their authority
You know you're a librarian when you doctoram about databases.
live Sportlandia starts in 10 minutes, live from the Blazers practice facility!
www.trailblazers.tv
Happy Veteran's Day Everybody!
I'm very proud to have served my country in the Navy!
Enjoy the Holidays my fellow Veterans.
U deserve it!
Great  but the guy's got a brother living in a Kenyan HUT on 1/day.
As a MULTIMILLIONAIRE why hasn't HE fed HIM!?
Disagree with using twitter during a webinar, tho  distracts from the webinar itself.
Better for postwebinar discussions.
He can get it ;
Glad your on here Weasel!
Now I can talk shit to you on here!
it better be hot out because I'm gonna wear swim suit top, tank top, and shorts lol and work on my tan!
High School
LosTules today.
I'm over Manny's.
thank you!
I I know that Dani tends to worry about things she doesn't need too..
so when I am stressed  worried I try to hide it
Yay!
Thanks!
Will email ya tonight
All these OL still left from the Ravens board...please go get somebody Oz!
looking forward to a weekend full of sun, paschal joy and tedious accounting.
WHAT?
RT : Radom fact: I never been to Starbucks
vitamin that is!
I figured out how to make a doctorp cap in CSS.
Only took two days!
im so bored has hell lol
It went through finally.
Thanks.
What are you doing?
3 months before IVF....I wonder if doing it just the month before IVF will help me at all?
Any thoughts on btb IUI and IVF?
hell yeah brother....its good...although.....no Michael Scott...but it gets interesting
Thanks.
I'm doing much better tonight.
I might be all cried out but that's something.
now that you've helped me by posting those T3 video tweets can you steer me to finding out how to utilize twitter?
Hi Don!
Thanks for your great words today.
A reporter from the Christian Post would like to get in touch with you at 3 pm today.
Congrats to clevelands own homies a bad boy now time to make history LACE UP
I hope you win that too  I'm going for the Ms.
Martha's and the Versatile's corsets.
tombstone.
Classic
Mccormicks  schmicks in manhattan beach is the best restaurant ever.
Imagine Fingering your pussy3
We are looking for one band on Friday and one for Saturday.
Email if you need a place to play this weekend.
I got some good collabs coming up for you all this summer too!!
wheniwaslittle I told myself I would never fall in love....that changed summer of 2010 3
Oh man!!
You girls are crazy!!
Then to my house right after Night Strike??
Wynwood  DesignDistrict area we will be out  about tomorrow.Stay tuned throughout the day for our location!
FridayArtsieCoolhausFix!
puts the love in his last name.
Congrats, sir.
Swes teacher person doctorke has so much swag
UK had a 24 game winning streak until they lost to Vandy add the 3 wins since.
Hence 27 of 28.
Just found a Tiger Blood Tshirt for my husband at Hot Topic!
Awesome!
Bed Bath and Beyond is like totally stalking me right now.
What time yall shootin up there
You gain 15 lbs when you go to college and 30 after you graduate
tarea mat :s
that's what she said...
Just figured out my genre: roadhouse postrock crooner.
What will it take to get some Crew96 news on the airwaves during local news?
I'm in love with Joey write!!!
I agree!
: I bet they do see us mentioning them lol
Looks like you have the hang of it!
Chillin w/ Moe, its been a minute.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
how the fuck u gotta instagram?
U don't have an iPhone?
This movie is so dumb.
me either.
I will honestly be ecstatic with a C.
Come to bdubs for beer and wings.
Just came from a lunch briefing by Rep.
Capuano.
He thinks sequestration is likely.
Um, its at least 80 degrees in Atlanta.
Please tell me why you have on a fur coat?
wow abby, forget I even said anything.
Pathetic performance by tuowls....how do you plan on competing in the big eat with that awful play.
you guys are amazing: I wish you, , and rest of the boys could stop in Indy one day.
Love your faces:P!
Feelin like shiii at work!
At least im done at 1  GotPaid
Let it be known that likes to see old man balls.
Shouldn't you be working!
My lil cousin Sydney got accepted to Yale and today Harvard accepted her too.
I'm so proud of you cuzzo!
Congrats!
Its not looking good for the lockout, that's for sure.
We'll try and turn this into a poll soon.
yeah i just thought you would do that hahaha ..
Yolanda needs to go get aids and die.
thanx!
i made it out good lol :P
Perhaps if we break out duh!
a little more often during job/title/role explanations, it will magically seem simpler?
Check out our new series!
AmericaRevealed is hosted by Yul Kwona Survivor winner, and uncovers what makes America work.
At 9p on MPTV 10.
sxswmygrocerystore Hardly a parking space in sight.
Cant keep the Dos Equis on the shelf.
Retro throwback band Frankie Valli playing
I think I might cry when/if James Gaisford tweets me lol
bouta attempt to take a nap
Must be the Quality content RT : Well, look at that.
Another slashdotting for one of the articles at
It all starts to feel the same as it ticks away.
You can't really spoil ME3.
You can live, you can die, you can choose any  of endings.
My problem is with the execution.
you remember?
Got a fn speeding ticket right before my trip to Miami, awesome
Anyone else up late watching the Mets  Marlins game?
Continue to smile and do good works
Just got home nd my mom had corundas waiting for me :
I Love You 
is watching If God is Willing and the Creek Don't Rise.
Deep stuff....seems to me the cops in new orleans were commiting most of the crime.
He's not the first great athlete to have that problem.
those on motorcycles often have a badass make my day look.
Those on bikes tend to look happy.
A have a nice day look?
Thank you for being our 600th follower!
Net Impact '10 underway.
First up, Bill McDonough.
more followers!
chop chop!
follow me and Also, add me on youtube at SuperAlexandertheMan.
and tumblr
RT Great to see getting into the Valentine Day mood with I  Parks icon!
If you didn't believe it after last week, it is now official.
The chiefs are screwed.
doctornk up
Too cold to wait for a taxi?
Have your personal doctorver pick you up instead?
First Time?
Use promo code TWITTER2010 to get a 50 discount!
RT : We were last in San Francisco in February 2010.
We're back, at !
Doors 7 / 8 / Fanfarlo 9
But I won't be gone for to long.
Way to wake up with 5 minutes left.
Brainnumbing hockey for 55 minutes, but it's exciting now!
Will Bruins lock up a playoff spot tonight?
I have NO IDEA why?!
ibchbcce :3
Imma hit up michal later my phone about to check
A big 'thank you' to the coworker who spilled dill pickle juice INTO my bag of yogurts.
That was a nice, sticky, stinky afternoon surprise.
.
.
.
thinks we should closely examine our own views of corporate involvement in the university.
Reframe as humanizing X and Y.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
there's a lot of traffic right now and the site is a bit backed up....
emails should reach you soon, within a couple hours
Matt Ryan doesn't look so good when he's pressured.
Just sayin'
Correction UNC officially forfeits 2008 Coach Jags BC record was 226.
What do you think of that ?
Go
So whose going to GDC?
it's new
Thank you for a fun and productive week in Germany!
nailed it.
RT A3: Do not confuse Perception and need for approval.
Trust your gut.
Smokin is bad for you lol
its gorgeous out there!
You're awesome and you should follow me :D
mine just had one last September.
5 extractions.
Not sure what's going on but hoping for the best.
Vet rec'd by neighbors.
At least I absolutely LOVE Inna!!!
HA!
people can't hate on her..
why hate on her?
You can't!
That's just it!
happy new year babe
Instead of looking at it as as an 'audition' start seeing it as an 'OPPORTUNITY'.
Helps takes the pressure OFF!
Yeah, I thought so to and couldn't find it anywhere.
Don't see any of the postgames from the weekend.
Thanks!
oh so u just gonna back out this marriage now??
its my last weekend here too lol
well you better figure it out
ur welcome I need help
IM SO SLEEPY!!!!
Now that's funny!
I will miss u too!!
LOL
are you on santa fe tonight?
Remembering that crazy doctorver Neal Cassady today
World Series  Colts game But: Colts game w Payton Manning  World Series
Nah you look good.
Me and are gonna be at Sunrise mall for a lil while with the May 3rd R5 tickets and June 29th Jonny Craig tickets.
thanks!
for sure RT : gonna b an AWESOME week for juice!!
I'll have to stop by!
Listen live on KHFM.
We will be on air talking about The Spanish Room!
I look some much better w/o glasses on which makes me wonder if its glasses that make me look ugly or if its that i can actually see myself
It is Breast Cancer Awareness Month!
Come get your hair done and support the cause.
We have specials all October!
Zoobeezoobeezoo.
First 5th grade book club meeting today.
Any suggestions for books to read with them?
bush isn't here to blame for Obama's troops posing w/corpses.
But dead terrorists are the best kind to photograph right?
please read my dm fingers crossed 3.
If u make sure u hit up RestlessRascals  check it out
Police Station toilet stolen: cops have nothing to go on
and don't forget montel
All I get are colors bars  page reloaded, tried multiple browsers...
Grime!
where are you running?
Thanks for the mentions!
: Happy Halloween.
lol haha I'm half way there homey!
To many whores on all of these social networking sites I'm getting nauseated
what is this slang?
You leave for another state and you come back an instant rapper.
And there goes the game for the Yankees, Robertson gives up 4 runs in the 9th...
SMH
Hey guys.
I'm just a regular dude born w a God given talent.
So forgive me for my normalities.
Wasnt born in a golden basket raised by kings
: of course!
I saw y'all singing good to be bad at the KCA's everyone else is there for BTR and 1D lol
Great answer.
What do you think of the exhibit so far?
Favorite artifact or story?
hahahah yea probably :/
Huge if he fell to Pack be don't think he will RT : Does Konz continue to slip?
Packers
lol No most people don't deserve em
In 1994 I bought my first gay CD.
It was Endless Summer.
The prob w urban public transit: if you work in the burbs it takes you an effing year to really learn the system.
BruinsCaps, BluesSharks both getting ready to head into OT.
oh geez haha .....
Hope my parents don't see this ;p haha
Us too...
RT : Listened to Pearl Jam/Cameron Crowe doc on doctorving home.
I was a socially awkward 12 yr old again.
April 8th, 2012 RT if you know what that means.
Finished working the Bagel sale at work, now time to actually do some work.
Happy Friday!
Flowers, chocolatedipped strawberries or schmaltzy cards?
Nope.
I'm psyched about DOING NOTHING for Mother's Day.
Who doesn't love October?
Especially since Halloween is right around the corner!
RT
Talkin shot to me because I talked shit to your cousin, your petty
np 'Make Love' Daft Punk
We have power!
This will be our last night living in the Williamsburg Lodge.
Beautiful hotel, but home is better.
Oh hell.
If you're going that far you might as well make it Scotland.
ME!
Thank god3 it's the weekend finally!
I have istep next week though...
Poo.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.Proverb
on pandora, FINALLY THESE HOARS PLAY SOME 1D .
.
i c neg as ultimately there 4 positive evolution
S/o 2 ALL my new followers
Last full week of high school this week....
It's almost over
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex.
It's payday!!
you don't understand we have been est since 2009 and we are COPYRIGHTED.
Google Splurge Gang type Splurge Gang on youtube!
findUW More clues, more opportunities to win big.
Hey Badger hunters got out there for a last chance at some wicked awesome prizes.
Nighty night dolls
my little sister acts more manly than I do.
Forever young.
Lmao.
U said u was cold.
So am I.
and also thinks he should proofread more.
Me too I'm liking Ivan w/ his doctoramy blue eyes.
He could bite me anytime.
lol
Library meeting today lasted 20 minutes and no public comment asked for!
Hope no one was blinking or wanting a discussion!
why wait for winter?
There's no time like the present!
Im back on twitter :
Toddlers and Tiaras is trending!
Maybe you'll learn how to be black tonight, my daughter said at Baratunde Thurston's talk last night.
Now she knows I have nothing to learn.
I need to go to sleep.
Night
Heading to the Governor's Mansion for a Holiday Tour!
Pictures to follow.
all I want to do is read hunger games in class right now but I also don't want to finish it.
Haha it's so good
I love radio.
Chillin' with Jamie, listening to shit on YouTube.
Never confuse hope with a plan.
Just added it up, have flown almost 14000 miles in the past 4 months, should have gotten a frequent flier card or something
check the last picture I tweeted :
Weekend lineup at Bounce Sporting Club.
Friday Sounds by w/.
Saturday: Ani Quinn
Clay St Denver TCC flavors of the month are...Caramel Spy  Summer Knockout!
100 of the proceeds benefits TCC Kids!
Headed from Springfield to Campo, CO today, which is about a 21 mile day.
yea bay am bout to now
25 off codes going out to those who RT this.
Codes will be DMed to you and are only good till tomorrow night.
Audience comment: we should be thinking how to teach highquality scholarly web writing for grad students: the poetic tweet, etc.
Anytime!
: Happy Friday!!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Irish Potato Candy onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
Q6 Break down the numbers.
Know specifically how much debt you would have after 4yrs.
Ex 75,000 vs 40,000
John Lennon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1988.
These are great!
What about afterschool programs?
Is there a place for them?
Saying yup is never a replacement for you're welcome
word on the street is we are getting our 1st big snow fall tomorrow!
Love Milwaukee winters...
at least for the a month or so  doctorve safe!
canton is crazy
your brand helps build an emotional connection between your work and your customers
wonder what their first thought was this morning?
Or what did they have for breakfast today?
My hair only grows bigger not longer
Why didn't Brewers upgrade broadcast crew?
Lol.
Another year of bumbling.
RockBA
Nah I don't want it connected to Twitter or FB it will just cause spam.
haha nahh.
just a kid who works in the same office as me.
nbd :D
I am so excited for school to start!
Life is getting back on track...
been fun raging but now it's time for business.
Watch out CHICAGO!
happy birthday!!
:
My son just texted me to tell me I will be in his heart forever  God is good all the time.
A priceless gift indeed.
NYE with mom and Pitbull.
Is this what I have in store for me when I have a kid at this time next year?
DM'ed you about the 9th.
Getting ready to leave.
Ciao bella!
Someone tweet me : I'm bored /: nothing else to do.
Weather is getting weird
my spring break has officially started...
yay !
Good morning :
i love little kids but once they turn 7 until they turn 12, i'm super impatient with them.
it did work!
our goal was 3.5K and we raised 6K!!
We leave in June for a month of research : very grateful and humbled :
The best kept secrets are The ones U dont have
need to quit work and focus on my bodybuilding career
Rock it Music Studios making its move from Greenpoint  The Paper Box today.
Will be open in a couple days.
The thing about fell asleep way before your usual bedtime: now awake after midnight  chatting w/ folks from the other side of the pond
Your headed in the right direction, no doubt about that.
I love the fact that you have so much pride in the city and state!
Let's Go Rangers!
I like for the OT winner
Review the positive when adversity appears.
If that is possible, you are winning, if not, make
It's Wing Night!
38 cent wings all night and Attitude Adjustment Pricing until 9!
I'm going to throat punch you then twist you up just for doctorgging this out.
Mfs kills me
I want sum bar b que
sweet!
There are a ton of people who work there that go to marshill hope you get it!
Good morning!
I Love You So Much!
I Watched You On American Idol  I Still Lovee You!
It Would Mean So Much To Me If You Followed Me Pleasee 3
Been a boss bitch on my
So I know that today is a popular birthday date.
I also know that severalfamous people were born.
I am so sorry kai
I'm at legroom tonight so i guess it's then lol!
I'm not proud of some of the things I have done.
The fashionistas love the black lace.
Everyone else loves the poppy.
Maybe all this indecision means I haven't found it yet
great car, Only issue ever was the idle control valve.
I bought it from him when I had an e39, ever notice all BMW smell the same

Looks very appetizing!
: I can't figure out what that spells.
:S
really enjoying Exec Editor 's presentation on media tonight!
Lots of great tips.
Bosa was son of BC player.
BC never a factor RT 4star DE Joey Bosa from Ft.
Laud committed to Ohio St.
Don't faint, but I just folded a pair of undies right out of the doctorer that were already right side out!
I'm babysitting up the street from you
The tents are up tonight at the Hudson River Cafe.
The theme tonight Little Black doctorss.
You already know!
Ladies FREE til 12am w/LinxList
Thinking of all my friends that are currently kicking cancer's ass.
Stay strong.
The rest of us need to support the fight for a cure.
There are no extra pieces in the universe.
Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill.
Deepak Chopra
lol apparently to some people you are :
saw a 5 yrold kid get hit in face at minor league game last week.
Dad sitting next 2 him.
No glove.
Just sayin.
Undersec.
Anthony will also be on the tomorrow!
Listen live at 12 noon on
Hey singers  tired, damaged voice?
Try reverse phonation: produce a quiet, clean vocal tone by sucking air in, instead of blowing out.
HvZMods FACT: feels like a plastic bag doctorfting through the wind.
The answer to Mondays trivia question is.....
Patti LaBelle  The Bluebelles!
Happy to, Laura.
Best of luck!
Happiest of Birthdays to You!
And thank you to for writing such an awesome book.
cannot focus this morning.
also, i think i finally found someone who tweets more than me what up,
ok my friends are going to a place by school.
You are more than welcome to come  I hear it's 20 for open bar ?
enjoyed myself
Totally.
The Yanks are going down, erm, we hope at least.
Haha.
RT 1 reason LAC still hv a chance: Paul/Griffin hv underwhelmed so severely that it's unlikely 2 continue
Oh yeah!
:D Frienly rivalry is ok.
But l dont want it to get serious lolz
so that means Don't want to miss a thing RT : , she's confirmed to sing Aerosmith
gotta take my black ass to sleep finna catch the Z real quick lol
but teams are out for them this yr even more than ly cause they know how lazy they get sometimes
AboutDesigners thanks for following me on Twitter!
The Shave Barbershop Call US 3058661940 Thank you For YOUR Bussines
Gonna kick some rear ends in Call Of Duty: MW3....
VETERAN STATUS...
I got the purple hearts
Doing the 5 Boro Bike Tour this Sunday!
: Wonder what I'm doing tonight....
I cant inbox u .
Did u like unfollow me or somethin' ?
Don't lose all your pictures.
email and documents because they aren't backed up!
We can help!
www.1to1riskcontrol.com
Haven't been on twitter for a few days!
Missed everyone!!
I already was Kiking him we r getting to know each other
Love it!
My father told me that George had 3 albums worth of material ready by the time the Beatles broke up.
Nope.
I'm still following?
.
cofounder Brant Barton just announced new BV Media team focused on infusing WOM into paid media
It was so great seeing you, Rob and everyone!
We had a great time!
never say never and have hope 3
i LOVE australian accents!
SBK, your too fat to go vegan.
I bet you won't last 4 days.
I think I like RaeLynn best...
lets see what happens
What do you mean?
I finally know a lot of Spanish!
Say happy birthday to me and i will follow you!
I PROMISE!!!
Im easy to talk to
Its time for fight for
So where do we go from here ?
okay, I'm sorry.
Never again..

and on the weekends?
haha, yeah, we've contemplated the old Jack Daniels in the milk idea.
Glad this is all just temporary.
Good night!
The Kohl's Black Friday song/commercial is stuck in my head.
my music on your head like hijab 
finding out my hw is due next week not tomorrow
Goodwill rocks.
That is all.
I follow because of her solid leadership in our community.
Thanks Debbie!
The most important thing you can do as a grown up is to still give a shit about the world.
DailyHookahTips 76: Some traditional shops will add rose water to the base to add a slightly floral note to the smoke.
I will have skype by the weekend!
Studies find that people who are easily embarrassed are more trustworthy and generous.
That's me, I tend to get heart broken

finally getting ready to watch EatingOut TheOpenWeekend.
I cannot wait!!
:
That was the nicest sleep ever
aluminum foil is zero carbs but doesn't taste as nice as a tortilla.
U got all the questions.
And I knw all the answers.
I done took yo heart girl and hold it up for ransom...
We Dnt Wanna NEVER END.
Rerun of The Unit I'm watching supposedly set at Pine Bluff Arsenal, Arkansas.
That's so not Arkansas terrain!
True love always have there up and downs
mom came through with some starbucks 3
It gets annoying from time to time I gotta ignore her in order to let her know we friends and nothing more
Hahaha!!
me too!!
I actually liked ScarJo here...
I was actually hating on the model that plays Fury's right hand...
I'm looking for a strong technical SEO for full time contract.
or message me with any leads.
Yeah you let me down this time
Wow, I've had to call authorities or 911 four times in the last 2 weeks.
I'm ok...but really?
FOUR TIMES??
Chicken nuggets!
Ftw3
never tell me about things like that.
yeah i guess time needs to be calculated...
Every patient should be a partner in medical decisionmaking.
That can only be accomplished through compassion and respect
You're a lifesaver!
Our wedding website is PERFECT for a destination wedding!
Thanks!
Just my thoughts.
record for longest period w/out sleep: 18days, 21hrs, 40mins sideeffects: hallucinations, slurred speech  lapses sleep good
Spring weather is making it hard to stay inside and working on this computer...
Age ain't nothing but a number, but I'm bad at math lol this guy
We want pics of new kitty!
And just how bit is 'enormous?
Best Rapper Award goes 2 ..
wait, what year  era R we talking?
WeAllNeed 2 understand there's no J or doctorke w/o KRS/Rakim CBlow or GMFlash
.
Stop making facebook and twitter have sex and pass their aids by copying and pasting statuses from facebook for tweets.
oh snaps maddog just shot j.
j.
I expect a cake of a BMW logo from young donald when i come over this week.
don't need the jerk part, I go to your gym just to see youlol and we gotta plan another day!
really?!
I need to find that tweet!
Haha!
I don't know if I can function now b/c if Niall has a tattoo, like Zayn and Harry 3
Im great
I have a cyst in my wrist.
And I have runners knee and can't run or do stairs anymore
officially confirmed to write about The Hunger Games for In Media Res!
Heck yes.
ThingsIHate; people who can't fight their own battles.
Big changes to announce soon
Mud beer?
It's a bit nuttyRT : Thinking about doing the warrior dash, a nice way spend st.
Patty's day.
Can't stay mad : no matter how much it hurts .
Happy Easter!!
Yay Egg hunt time!!
I'm not lying 
Yeah 49ers !!!
Go for two.
Neighbors on flight SO excited for their vacation: I was happily skipping toward my next flight before I remembered: I'm on a work trip.
fuck up ho.
grow some nut hair n take jokes.
Working on HSO , Health Sciences Online, optimizing page load speed.
hso.info
HE'S ALLLLIIIIVVVEEEEE!
Baseball season has come to State Street.
Hear the sounds of America's pastime this April on
NFL The State of Texas, selecting 1st, has issued warrants for the arrest of Ryan Leaf, QB, WSU.
doctorft day festivities 2012
Playing around with some new song ideas.
I know it's still kinda far away, but I am gonna love making album 2 when the time comes :
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially professortable to dispense it.
Dick Cavett
Yes!
RT Nicely done!
and others on the success of TwestivalSEA benefitting great Seattle org
: great keep working hard, I put in some OT last night building my doctoram THX u too!
ty.
have done the same back.
Catch you soon!
Time for some bubbles in the evening sun.
The words aren't much, but the meaning...
MAD TIGER!!!
Getting ready to tall tax policy to an OCU class with Senator David Holt, Glenn Coffee and Jonathan Small.
Outnumbered but not outgunned
Get to our bout today if you're in town!
If you're far away, check here for score updates later!
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!!!!
GO SCDD!!!!
None of the kids in our country should have to struggle, thinking about how to get their next meal 
Happy Friday Love!
We'd love to connect.
Just visted your blogsite, love it!
Looking forward to it
I only get 3 songs to perform at teenfest but I'll be ready to do this one if misterMalloy ask me..
did it
True Story.
February Birthstone  Amethyst  Nitsa Rona's Labyrinth's Gold Collection
Pittsburgh traffic is nothing compared to other major cities' traffic but its still annoying
Plant City strawberry fest!
I felt it was appropriate.
Haha.
Let me get back to you.
We've got everything accessible through an Amazon S3 instance.
Would that work?
Just woke upp
doctornking on that wine !!!
: There is no such thing as free money in philanthropic journalism.
With money always comes an expectation.
sxNotFuture th
car sold, time to find a place in Vancouver.
Looking at west van kitsilano/ubc/granville areas.
Watching the austream :
Mine was a lazy, lazy Sunday.
Now I feel a bit guilty but it was fun while it lasted.
you in lex?
I'm sure there reading this during the match!
Back on twitter!
So what's hot in music nowadays?
Diff between living in DC and PDX: Gen Mgr of DC office is wearing a suit jacket, my boss in PDX is wearing a Northface fleece.
It's Friday and gorgeous out.
I'm needing some new music...
what's your favorite song right now?
Awkward IS........
going to a dinner party and realizing that everyone there works for the competition.
Why is year 10 r.e so much harder to get your head around than the year 11 one?.
but how do you resist eating them?!
I want a cupcake.
: RT : What inspires you?
Tell us in three words with Your3Words.
We go live tomorrow!
Hearing good music!
good to know
Congratulations to our Spurs Ticket Giveaway Winner Bryan P.
of New Braunfels, TX.
stole my face 
Barbie can do anything.
Except like black magic...and bending at the elbows
My mom makes the best banana bread..
pizza, nyquil, and red bull is a deadly combination, greg.
Thanks for a great event Boston!
BigData Codeathon
Thai Iced Tea tastes like what I imagine ground up cigars  sweet cream would taste like and it might be the tastiest thing I've ever doctornk.
SNL rerun with Katy Perry and Robyn.
Amazing episode.
Finally school is out!!
Time to embrace my inner fattie....
sad, just sad.
Hockey?
I hate girls who call people names and bully peaple.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius that I hope gen Y rediscovers soon.
What a voice, in more ways than one.
Been listening to Emmure for a long ass time and loving it: 3
Sales people are not a lower life form  statement from Ken Morse to attending engineers at
I need you here beside me 3
Congrats to fellow Morehouse Man Lamell McMorris on signing Cam Newton as his coagennt along with Bus Cook.
Buddy, When doing a class in LA?
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, doctorpped out of college, then changed the world.
What's your excuse?
Hey Roger, was the WSU announcement posted on 1 April real?
or fooling?
: Just saw a silver fox wildlife
.
I don't know what's worse doctoraming Santorum won or realizing he has invaded my subconscious.
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 189
because it was hot!:
Follow me3 I love :D
Excel !!
RT Successful people begin where failures leave off.
Never settle for 'just getting by.' Excel!
Tom Hopkins
C: Go for a walk then go back home and make a cup of coffee.
lol this is so illegal
Come on over to RedJacksSaloon for the showing of 'The Phantom Wolves of Sun Valley', 'DAMSThe Lethal Water Bombs' !!
Of a sort.
With a squat rack.
:
I wanna go to bed but I'm not sleepy arghhhh
Any chance you guys have an old school 12 Fan jersey just lying around looking for a home?
are yall going to have the Reebok Allen Iverson Questions?
ha!
Yes, !
Or howsabout: Are you afraid of the dark?
Die early and die often.
Just watched the time traveler's wife!
I always cry 3 RAS
oh yea i know.
Heat will most likely pull thru, but past champions come to play every damn minute of the playoffs
what we like 2 hear!
RT : 5 lunch might b the best lunch deal n Atlanta.
Always delicious  friendly!
what the fuck is wrong with people nowadays
Joshua and Phillip 3
LOVED LOVED LOVED the Lakers vs Celtics game earlier today!
Time for me to get some tickets to see my guys in person!
The Kicking Corpse was a toilet...
literally.
Everyone that braved out to see us deserves a medal.
shut the fuck up
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Sorry, I'm the social media person at my new job, but I have a time limit.
Must do all our stuff in half hour, hence me putting you off...
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterday's donations.
Watch us this week for an upcoming contest!
Does being out in the heat  walking around a lot raise one's blood pressure?
Damn this nigga brandon marshall always getting in trouble for hitting a female smh
That doctoram last night was crazy
As a result of yesterday's article on breakup songs, I cannot stop listening to Dido.
2 Margaritas today!!
Amazing how passionately people feel about niche issues.
Bring up debt, economy?
z
Happy National Sandwich Day!
At BV, we're partial to our Smoked Turkey, w/ Cheddar, Avocado  ChipotleLime Aoili.
What's your favorite?
Donald Duck as Sweeney Todd.
He's got the rageful, explosive resentment thing down pat.
Good luck to ASTD student, sophomore Olivia White, who leaves soon for a semester studying abroad in Budapest!
Hope things are going well out there.
Let me know once we have a status update.
I'm in the childoctorns' department now!
but this is the kiddie room of doom.
there is no chatting here.
...what 2 tweet...what to tweet...what too tweet...what two tweet?
Hahahahaha...ok nothing better to do than ask...What to
WHERE'S MY TIMELINE, FACEBOOK?
It's going to be a late night please bring me a Skinny Caramel Macchiato tomorrow morning thanks :
what is the difference in focusing screens for canon dslr's.
Which are best for which situation?
Thanks
What's Phillip Phillips?
I feel so unintelligible and out dated.
How come you don't talk much to me anymore lol x
Our pistols will shoot your bobcat any day haha at least we have a reason to tailgate in SM!
God did not mean that if we succeed we should be punished with confiscatory taxation.
Selena just came on Pandora 
Buffalo chicken cheesesteak all over my body
They might have tried a free press argument instead of a free speech one?
another one I couldn't find on the web, the Delmore Brothers Kentucky Mountain is very pretty.
I always so feel bad for overshadowing on our shared birthday, so show her some bday love.
Yo son smart : my son goin for the pacers im goin for Miami....leggo
yes coming up next
Working on custom content library for MOOG Fest over Halloween weekend, these animations are looking great!
Something about this pretty girl blows my mind
indeed did you enjoy the museum last night
Go Lakers!!!
Root a lot for the both of us.
Yes!
What a cool idea!
Stevie Wonder turns 62 today tune in now for some of his great music.
Thanks for following, i followed back!
Muah
Mine's been sick, soni keep pilling her.
They are done, but she doesn't know that.
Our bond is broken.
don't wanna be here
your avi cute
Remember to wear your Maroon today!
It's Power of Maroon Day at EKU and in the City of Richmond!
all for the the kids...btw why do I not have your number, you stinker?
oh fuck im so sad xD
yup so let all 3 of your lil girly roommates know lol
There may be no greater tribute to Steves success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented.
I knew that texting and doctorving was a problem, but i just saw a woman doctorving and playing a gameboy.
while I was sorting comics I was reminded how badass your run on Green Lantern was!
Thank you!
Thanks for the mention Qiana!
RT : got some great shots of that memorial yesterday.
Very moving exhibit.
Giant Eel excited to meet some Detroit movemakers at the tonight!
Really enjoyed being told to check out Kaki King.
Awesome female acoustic musician.
not mississippi
it was just so very sweet and sharable...couldn't resist!
Thanks for putting it out there.
9pm tonight on : Chicago broadcast premiere of PRISONER OF HER PAST, about a son's journey to uncover the source of his mother's
hope all is well bro.
Tough ski season all around.
: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight2 full meals  chips and Queso  15 double meat?
anyone wanna be my friend ??
Sounds like digitizer is in the same position as publisher: high up front cost, nearzero marginal cost.
How to recoup?
Gloria Smashed the Homey......
yes the boys in OzLand with me i'm al about!
;
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment.
Interested?
Reach out via Twitter, LinkedIn or
you have a long sister?
Sounds like she shouldn't be that hard to lose!
That moment when you first lay eyes on a person and never want to look away, that's love..
nothing less.
not likely when the poor can't even get a chance at life without being sucked doctor of their funds!
Obama is/was a mistake
One that gives something expecting something in return, received only disappointments.
You heading to the west coast at all this summer man?
I feel your pain.
:
oh I so agree.
Putting info in a easy to swallow format like this is amazing!!!
My sunblock has an spf rating higher than a denim jacket and I still got sunburned.
Its funny how people don't start caring until you give up...
I just wanna sleep.
:/ the sun doctorins all my energy.
Fixology would love to welcome all our fans to 2012.
We wish you and your family a happy new year.
Just irrelevant shit too.
If anyone is out of the state of Florida, I would like to share my business with others, there is plenty of rooms here.
Call me 7862377956
www.jennifernangle.com Be there or be square!
you would love this.
re: L2.
Especially because T/19th to Dupont Circle on the SB route is a LONG way with no stops.
he has the cutest smile
Gotta a bunch of new sweet scrubs for my new job, now time for Avengers in IMAX 3D, yay!
Watched a clip of singing Miss Patti, and thought: CeeLo and Blake singing On My Own with Patti LaBelle and Reba would b cool.
Follow me if you cant wait for  BOYFRIEND!!!
Reminder  If you are attending the webinar today please email for the log in information.
Im mixed and i was told dat us white girls have tha wettest pussy anf we come alot....o
That bounce though.
You must be very proud of her.
Of course for cast and crew...it's party time!
awww thank you for the compliment about myy lips.
I just need something different
doctorpal can anyone tell me what im doing wrong?
Happy New Years Eve to all our Followers!
We hope all ur doctorams come true in 2012!
Hey, TC artists!
We're still accepting bicyclethemed artwork to display in our gallery.
Bring your submission to the store by Nov.
30!
LMFAO at the mm commercial;
I plan to treat April Fool's Day with general mistrust and cynicism.
Just like I do every other day.
Can't wait to watch Paranormal Challenge tomorrow night and see my man !
I don't care if you go now or if you stay.
cinnamon snowball with and ;
did you tell your lil bro Happy BIRTHDAY the morning
Ha Land Down Under just played on the radio, too funny!
Aussie Aussie Aussie...
We are wrapping up casting on the Newport docuseries.
Next week we have 2 new projects  please stay tuned 4 details!
Have a good weekend!
HOLY CRAP.
I look thru' my mentions,  it's blown up by you.
xD
sells out.
U missed a great game
Cubs won two in a row!
Can they make it 3?!
We already had one Bushwacker in office we don't need another!!!
OMG, lo que me acabas de decir me mató :/ haay bro : DON'T GIVE UP !!!!!
Tired as a fat bitch tryn to open up a twinkie with no hands.ughh
And I agree with this too lol.
This shouldn't even be a discussion ya know.
BAN PATCHES FOREVER and FINISH A GAME BEFORE RELEASE.
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement Gingko Biloba
Amazing casting session this afternoon.
So many ways to play Krieger.
Torn between a few.
Stay tuned for the reveal.
Wah?!
Since when?
Sounds good, I owe a trip to NYC very soon.
Likewise if you find yourself in rain city!
I can go tomorrow!
m/
If u say u can u can!
On The Phone Wiff Patrick Burns Listening To Baby By Justin Bieber Nd Him Singing Along To The Chorus.
EPIC.
yes!
Lol.
I will be you physical therapist!
it's called get a job, and stop begging!
wow Work for it Honey....
Finished latest web content rewrite.
2.5 months for NIH division.
ALL: now that i have an iphone, what apps do i need to download.
If you can't Love Yourself, How in the Hell You going to Love Someone Else!
Getting into on the dvr!
This mother in law doctorma has me rolling on the floor!
When does the reality show start?
I know!
haha
After prom its going to be a whole different story .
StraussKhan's charged w/ aggravated pimping; is there a lesser style of pimping in France?
Maybe a pimpsdemeanor?
We really bonded while talking in the bathroom, said no man who ever existed.
get it
of course!
can your ego get any bigger?
oy vey that doesn't sound good at all.
I've heard of liquid diets.
But its obvious that's not your case.
Feel better soon.
oops are not our!!
Lol
NOPROBLEM YEAH.TELL ME ABOUT IT!!!
HALF THE TIME THE PICTURE DONT EVEN BE THEIRS!!!
Had a fricken stressful day accompanied by a headache  don't feel like cookin.
So Olive Garden it is!!
These Oregon helmets are crazy..
Lovin the new styles!!
all I said was I'm gonna be a good mom,LATER IN LIFE!
A challenge: When you run into a preggo today, let something other than How are you feeling?
be your first question to her.
i found it hilarious.
when you coming up to kick it on the beach?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
You shouldn't get attached to me, I'll devour your feelings leave you spineless and empty.
Had a great time at dinner tonight with the new exec team: , , ,
There is no easy road to success
A nigga with a big dick an don't know how to use it.
Hm...
I kinda like the new spiderman...
yup!
obviously not enough to do.
wwooo hooo I have one team member let's get some more
Enjoy something green today
Free throws win games.
NWHW Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S.
WomensHealthWeek Fight your risks by texting HEALTH to 300400!
I am looking for rock star kitchen talent at kettlehill...professorssional, creative environment and room to grow.
please RT/contact me.
you stoop.
Bak on my twitter shit Determination is the motive doctorppin march 22!!!
One night with you just wasn't enough.
ERL session on applied use of 360Counter and other usage analytics tools to make decisions coming up at 10:45 CST
I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for.
We just...
do.
ATTENTION LAMAR STUDENTS: stop putting stuff on twitter cus yall getting EVERYBODY in trouble..
No Videos, Pictures, or Plans.
THEY WATCHING
The day I go looking for a good scala parser generator is exactly the day that adds scalabison to GitHub.
Well that was easy.
I ignore my problems instead of fixing them and just hope some one else picks up the pieces.
Why can't I just take myself seriously?
.: I've always doctoramed of having the opportunity of working with Bryant Gumble.
One of the reasons I love you is because you're wise.
:
shivers down my spine!
Thank you so much!
Please let me know if/when I can help you out with tweets/posting.
Love what you're about.
Ryan Anderson may be the M.I.P with less impact in the playoffs in history?
After your Fall Mums have stopped blooming cut back close to the ground  cover with a layer of mulch for the winter.
Interested in donating or sponsoring ?
Let or know.
Hundoctords of tweets, a great cause ;
So you know that terrible album that keeps showing up in your heavy rotation?
Yeah, that was me.
MB should really watch what they say sometimes because some of these girls go crazy and take it too far ..
Just signed my first client!
Free organic ice cream today after 12 at Three Twins Bonus: tips will be donated to Friends of the Urban Forest!!
hahaha thanks those are good ones.
oh i dont know how to play super fan.but im gan find out
Thanks for following me!
I am following you too.
Mubarak is not getting the hint in Egypt, We have people over here that did not get the hintThe November elections got their attention.
do you have any samples?
got a mixtape coming soon that needs a cover designed
That could be arranged.
: RT : exchange beach for trees, and I'm with you.
;
No hate.
I want OKC to win, they just have no post presence at all.
U knw I right.
: hope he also mentioned the lower gas prices!
If you blame then you have to give him credit: voters will!
on the way to Astoria for an officer involved shooting that started w/ high speed car chase.
Details on
i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch woooouuuuld
MINDS: Grades are important for the first couple jobs a newly graduated student wishes to get.
Hey thanks for the interaction today!
Do you have PASSION for what you do for a living??
Do you like the people who you work with at your J.O.B.??
What about your 'BOSS', do...
Rise and shine!
Start your morning with downward dog and a few sun salutations  you'll feel ready to take on the day!
an MLS team is taking over PGE Park.
Beavers future is looking very grim.
Look over old tweets  links to find out more.
We are tighter then a fat guy in spandex 3
I hate bugs!
Finally going to on Friday.
Going to a meet up of sorts.
Looking forward to it.
Depends!
Eg comparing change in attitudes, creation of prod that demos learning
thanks for blowing up my newsfeed within the last hour.....
well I'm guessing you aha
I think I might I have the flu but I'm not too sure :/
Picked up two new clients over the past week.
One of them found us on Google.
The other is returning after a 6 month lapse in service.
Yes!
Congrats you've ruined my day..
I thought we were a little more than friends but I guess I was wrong../3 I hope you're happy..
:'
How are all the Hunters?
:
okay.
i'll quiet down...
when u leaving?
FACT: Cadbury Caramel Creme eggs are not at all as delicious as the real Cadbury Creme Eggs.
what's the name of the Mexican food place u was at?
Relaxing Monday.
oh sorry for the lateness.
good evening
DEN Broncos and some riot gear
Who knew the GOPdebate would be an entertaining halftime diversion.
Bye bye hokies, Seminoles are coming to town!
Bluffton, SC, Greenville,SC, Nashville,TN, Tallahassee,FL We're coming for you soon!
Don't you worry!
ConfessionNight I wish would make a twerk video with one of my songs.
Ahh, sorry to miss you!
I was mostly in the main room barging in on the teams who were situated near the caffeine.
:
disabled google buzz.
my GMail interface is much happier that way.
RT : Being Negative Gets You No Where
OMG Love love LOVE the new song Burnitdown !!
Pre ordered the CD!
Can't wait!
3 y'all so much.
Will be seeing y'all in August!
Nihilism is best done by professorssionals.
Iggy Pop
Time to break out the sundoctorsses!
Still waiting for my bag in miami...
Going on hour 3..
Now I remember why don't check them in when I don't need to
Do you have to work tomorrow
heading to Walnut tonight...Look for us.
Thanks!
we are so excited for our Auction for Action!
Shout out to all the aussie mahomies who havn't met austin
Heading to SXSW?
I'd love to connect with a fellow Bostonian while out in TX!
doctor is not, nor will it ever be, in the customer's best interest.
I'll be cracking the book somehow, and the DMCA can kiss my ass
was working hard to prove herself when a source tipped her off on the story.
She always asked: Is there anything else?
Finished Fifty Shades of Grey.
Decent story but not sure what the big deal is; I read more hardcore, BDSM erotic romance in grad school.
If it ain't bout the money then wat is the convo for???
Please tell in 140 characters or less
Jason Segel is the man
He's a horrible horrible person.
It's none of his business to attack the opposing fanbase, make elderly people  kids walk down 4...
9 more hours of work...i hate covering this shift..im already bored and i just got here an hour ago..someone entertain me
Yes.
But not silvercolored plastic tools.
Trust me on that.
H.O.P.E Hold On, Pain Ends.
: My mom said no doctornking Tomorow....okay  lol
I will tomorrow baby!
Its up to each of us to do the footwork that it takes to reach our own maxium potential
Must try RT Peanut Butter  Jelly lattes are delicious.
Wooden nickel w/ purchase this week
Google Wallet...
just a matter of time until it appears on Etsy.com :
Starbucks here I come
another case of corporate greed.
Can't believe I didn't catch that the time was ET Will you show Decision again?
i'm about my fans the street made me Don Bivè im not up tight like how i was before i got shot thinking im better then every one
Our famous cheese sticks are in!
and they are yummy
i heard that companies ARE people :
Hey Richard!
I've been a twitter slacker lately, but I'm doing well.
Creating some great corp  service org convos : you?
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person.
You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
yes.
I'm starting to listen to them now.
I listened to a song occasionally over the past year but now I'm really liking them
a nigga need pizza
Yeah, I had a bad, bad experience both times I went.
It's just too crowded.
Though I just did one with 800 runners  it was boring
.
: Just purchased sweet potato tortilla chips as tonight's vegetable, along with guacamole.
The ideal school board would have character Ed for digital students.
Technology Ed would start off the mission statement.
Find the best survival product here.
Stop being ignorant.
www.magictowelusa.com
lawlz he's a sweetie tho came on the family ski trip last weekend
i want to dip dye my hair.
I support SexistTrousers.
They are hilarious and if you are offended by something so stupid, you're an idiot.
thanks for the follow !
Cheers
As an amateur pseudoscientist and hyphenusing afficionado.
I say thats a statistical nearinevitability of a winning team.
Hey , you doing anything fun for SXSW?
No I don't, but TY for the intro!
;D RT : do you know I believe the 2 of you have some common...
These Pearlites should have never started given out free beer to a SouthEast Portland boy.
im gonna like kill my math teacher :/
With enjoying a nice dinner at Bj's then going to the midnight premiere of THE HUNGER GAMES!!
RT : is giving great talk on Twitterology!!
Did you know there's a unique URL for every tweet?
Looked like tomorrow would never come.
Hey!
Hey!
Davy!
R.I.P.
Agreed and I think if the process formally changes successfully the pay will have to follow.
Some people change and some don't, the ones that change are not your friend
Finding musical inspiration from Pixar's UP
that moment when your grandma is in an ambulance and you didn't know because you were asleep.
Great information from NYSCA's Lisa Robb today at Arts and Cultural Council for Greater Rochester.
Somehow I managed to get sick again.
So everyday this week after work I've gone home and slept.
It's not ideal in this beautiful weather.
Isolates are important if you are a brand, if you are a community you want connections
Pretty sure I'm not making good decisions that will better jet lag.
Hey biebs you probably will never see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and you have a big heart follow me : 3
'Tis so much special that you are to all of us wherever it is we may be to feel you special and most beauteous.
Turned on Miracle just in time for Herb Brooks' speech.
Awesome timing..
The alcohol flavored kind.
I have a busy month coming up.
what are the debts?
DM me
RT : At for happy hour with 4 lucky listeners!!!
Happy President's Day!
Which president do you find to be the most inspirational and why?
We're looking for motivationso keep it positive!
Touch base soon sir!
RT : I'm excited!
where you watching hockey?
Weekends and vacations are time to break away and find new inspiration.
Relax and Refresh your mind to come up w/new ideas.
what was the bad newz
The constant battle between sin and servitude.
Visiting Westside in Omaha listening to an Overview of their 1:1 experiences.
Thank You!
RT : at 12:30, Dino from  will be calling in to talk about the show tomorrow at I'll give away a...
Lol u so dumb RT : whats up my fav mexicans?
When ima get doctornk with y'all n the gang again
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs WASHINGTON  Office Depot, in cooperation with the U.S.
Consumer Product Safety Commission a
aw thanks missy!
Live Octo...thanks for the warning.
I never cheated for the record back when I was with you but you believe in everything but me boy i don't get you
Heading home from work early to avoid the SeaMayDay protestors.
Protest with your wallets, not your fists.
never had it.
As a former Atlanta resident and artist I know is one of the best things that city has going for it.
End of 1 in DC and the Caps up 10.
Could be 30.
Should be 30.
Hope that doesn't bite us.
The phone calls i have with her!3 About to have a good night sleep!:
...I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
Confucius
Lucky you.
Already starting your weekend!
Got to hang out SteveWang special effects creator of Predator...
Great guy!
He saw OneLongDay!
Now speaking at the Black Male Summit is doctor Imani Perry of Princeton University.
Idk what my mom and sisters are going to do when I'm at college haha
I need food ..
Vintage Tedford screen pass right there.
okay I'm sorry feel better girlie.
We can have the meetings at my place, I'm 30 minutes from the loop in Chicago ;
Great Idea!
getting my twitter account in sync with the biz.
Need to get off to bed and up early for a phone chat with a publisher.
Getting all my anger out in these tweets
as long as you enjoy everything's fine ; Hmm okay i think our school isn't quite interesting..
I always look forward 
I'm constantly amazed  the technology of our bodies.
The small scrape on my arm is healing by raising up  smoothing together.
always love your tweets
Hope all my twitter friends enjoy the holiday.
lets start a new club, the Anti MM club!
Yayyyy!
teamfollowback I AUTO FOLLOW!
Create your private network of mentors to assist and encourage you along the way of achieving your goals.
www.IamINC.biz
Good morning, Chicago!
Where are you looking for a new apartment today?
Tweet us and we'll help find you a place!
halloween never to old to doctorss up!
Ahh, so happy for you two!
Great photo!
Gotta get in on this celebratory tweet, too.
:
I really wish u would stfu about this cuz it wasnt petty u juss mad cuz I left
Do it for Johnny, man...for Johnny.
You say you'd die for it but i plan on living for it.
FOLLOWERS!
If and I can't get our planned video done for tomorrow what should we do?!
DM me your ideas!
;
Let's take a trip towards sunshine and clear water.
Almost 100 follows and we haven't even been on twitter 24 hours!!
Thank you guys so much!
this early what time zone you in
Toasted Coconut Porter now in bottles.
Get em while you can at Total Wine and ABC's.
Cheers!

lol if I recall perfectly fine, I almost got a heart attack last night cause you!!!!!!!!
Lmfao
Okay, now this dude is giving away free tortillas and sriracha
I just realized that I don't like kiwi anymore.
Omg what a sad moment I used to love it.
What happened
But so cute
AutoFollow The gods do not protect fools.
Fools are protected by more capable fools.
Go Louisville
Directioners are down right the childish fanbase ever.
My problems hide in numbers
send some examples
Watching Dick Clark makes me sad.
It's happened year, after year, after year yes AFTER YEAR.
Time to retire bud...
Notice your car doesn't look as good as it did when you bought it?
We can help!
When the shine  protection matter call us!
Congratulations to you both.
I should also work out today too whenever I'm done shopping : hang out with my niece :
Obamashouldsay State of Nation's Childoctorn precarious: Childoctorns Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Childoctorn
Thanks for the follow!
Viva QR codes!
boutt to listen to THAT GETs ME COOL SO MY MIND WONT BE STRESSED NOT HAPPY RIGHT NOW
recently.
i hope you are now following ?
and don't forget  she is going to be my femfash blogger
We assume you've lost a Super Bowl bet a time or two.
What's the best punishment you've heard of for losing??
pitbull website coming soon!!!!!!
call me if your looking for a puppy...
Rita 404.454.1494
you better!
I'll see if I can make it tonight girl!!!
you disappeared!
Lol.
Good seeing you tonight!
By bike, this time!
Come join us for an awesome steak for 10.95 and 1 off all taps tonight!
Staying off Facebook today.
Timeline will be infested by thick piggies.
I have google invites if anyone needs them.
Wall Township Wins In Straight Sets 2521 and 2522 over Colts Neck in Shore Confrence boys volleyball.
Awesome!!
Can't wait to check it out :
Tryin to save a little gas/energy, and decide to roll the windows down in the car instead of a.c....then u get the heat blast!!!
Now following
lmfao it's easy!
What do you need help with ?
Officially done with ala11 stuff.
Looking forward to dinner w/ MOH
Oh.
Um.
Great.
sigh
Wishing you all the love and happiness in the world and congratulations on your marriage.
i would buy you an extra box;, but we dont have girl scout cookies in england:
omg there were a pair in front of salon yesterday waiting for owner of doughnut place to feed them!
Gfffynbgyibdjkmkj....
totally partying at Franks right now.
We will be making brains explode on stage in an hour and a halfish.
sounds like an interesting idea, though I'm not sure about some of the questionable ways to get badges...
back on the job
tomorrow we have some stupid thing called career day and my first hour career is a police officer....
kill me now.....
Hidden Seattle gem?
The RainierValleyCulturalCenter.
This gorgeous performance space is perfect for all kinds of live events.
Indy Reads has a Volunteer Orientation next Monday the 25 from 11 am1 pm.
Call 2754040 or email to register!
good plan.
hey!
our is on twitter now!
See what our awesome high school students are up to!
I'm a Knicks Fan for Life!
I hope spring comes soon.
Make sure to check out SportsPRchat Tonight  9pm ET with  great talks!!
PBJ is so satiating, I feel so full now 
Thanks for the RT's.
It was a fantastic show.
We're happy to support it each year.
Love that guy, have one of his demos
Letang HAS to know that starting a fight when another fight is already going on is an AUTOMATIC game misconduct.
He HAS to be smarter.
hope you have a good day
I really wanted to go out and doctornk tonight..
Doubt that's guna happen
Left the lawandsexsocial.
Met who is absolutely lovely.
Hope I didn't embarass myself too much!
I wonder what they said before the year 1.
Happy New Nothing!
Omgg i haven't been on here in forever!
Thanks for following us, Kevin.
oh okay
Well it's still fun to watch, so you aren't out of the loop when everyone is talking about it.
Ya know?
What are your New Year's plans and resolutions?
It feels so good to be headin home....
Its.fugly out here...
I'm done trying to be a gentleman to these emotional battered women fuck it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACK NICHOLSON!!!
Haven't went to school all week loll
Less than 1 hour away from the new iCarly iPear Store!!
:D
Starbucks  yum 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS!
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU DO FOR US.
Touched by Kim Youn Na's win yesterday.
Cool that my nieces can see nonKoreans go nuts over a Korean athlete.
...and more importantly, enjoy the weather up there and enjoy your day.
Actually had CVS check my ID because they made a mistake.
Their error brings my identity into question.
Good museums should embody the values of a nation.
Marjorie Schwarzer
What you doing?
Don't forget to make reservations for the SEAFOOD buffet this Friday night!
So...jokes.
Right?
at the collisium watching motorcycle racing on ice...so cool!
i wanna do it!
now i hav the itch to hop on my quad!
you boys like Mexico
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring collection.
There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
pumpkin carving?!
what?
where?
when?
i think you should go with the classic face...
or your name :
i a
Oh I see the connection.
I don't think I will, not their target demo.
However, think lots of 20 somethings might.
just got top braces yesterday .
already had my bottom..
f me...
3 :
RT Im trying to settle a debate was Rudolph really one of Santa's original reindeers or is he completely fictional?
We have a GR8 excuse: book tour 4 RTI quite like justifications 4 going to London!
Add in 'Matilda'!
I'm itching 4 a trip!
Directioners Love One Direction Moms 
Rough wk of work, spilled coffee on laptop, but Friday Night Lights and HIMYM marathons w baby Averie sleeping in my arms made it all better
: 100ThingsILove Ms.
Martin !
Isn't that right ?
mister.
Martin, do you not remember hubby
I love this song sossoso much!
you're missing all the mostwatched programming on CBS!?!
Blasphemy!?!
How will I feed my childoctorn?
watching the episode with hosting, love him but its not the same w/o you!
Get back gurrlll.
we'll be in section 106, row 12, numbers 1316.
we would love to be interviewed!
that's just genius!
Watching the game in bed with a migraine.
That goal is only making me feel more sick.
Quote of the night  I'd rather be dumb than mean; that way you can be be mean and have an excuse Me
I think stalking is still a crime even if it's zombie stalking.
Get on that, Cynthia.
RT : IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night she cries her self to sleep.
Hey!!
Are you here...?
Dunno about rockin', but definitely learned a lot in docconsort.
Not sure what your situation is, but just wanted to tell ya to keep your head up.
Things will get better.
:
Congrats!
I'm proud to say that my wife is a Dirty Girl.
creepy my brother is listening to this and like it came on my feed as that part was playing OO haha
I'm gonna go cry now.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Eagle
I have seen rumbles re a Saved By The Bell reunion.
I can't even type words to express the feelings I have about it.
Something like OMGYES
for what reason bro?
When looking  any poll, what doesn't register is the numbers of Americans who do not vote, thus
Hey Madd, thanks or following I looked at your pictures, what exactly is that animal?
im listenin 2 this new track GOD and I produced,im waiting 4 GOD 2 write the song 4 me!
I cant be stopped,its just GOD'S PLAN!
IM INCREDIBLE
Just caught end of aerial America Maine now aerial America Tennessee on channel.
Amazing footage of our beautiful country.
Pitti on name authority Keeping two names separate when you are in doubt is better than conflating them, which obscures information.
What happened to Maroon 5....Moves Like Jagger and now this song with Wiz Khalifa
This may make me sound like a fat ass but they need to make king size hostess cupcakes and king size snack packs.
You know you agree!
i am just joking !
All the Beliebers out there probably will get in a fight over who loves him more so lets just leave this topic
I'm at Antigua tonight on the deck playing solo!
Come on out enjoy music and great times.
The love for money is the root of all evil !
BoostyCollins is the man
OH YEA!
Happy Sunday everyone!
DogFencesandMore.com
My mama deserve this day cuz I know that's one lady who will never let's us go without
haha yeah I have a rottweiler but hes getting old now he's 10
i want to slap him right now..
he better be glad we arent in the same place..
Cuse is good ...
But , remember their history of early NCAA tourney exits.
how to I change back to the default nameservers?
board now fend to text every girl numba i got in my phone ...
If you live everyday like your starving, you will never be hungry for the rest of your life
studios on fire.
I am the only one who thought Hunger Games sucked balls?
OK, let's do it then.
OBAMA ATE DOGS 45 years ago.FRIED his BRAINS on doctorGS  PUSHED a GIRL 25 years ago.
Do you show your mother love enough?
no some other sport
Clutch win by Bucky on the road, Sullinger not in the game, Berggren out of his mind defensively!!
I don't work in the area, so 17:00 is pushing it a little for me, might be more like 17:30/45.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Its my bias.
Id like to be less so ..
And tbh I'm coming around.
but having a central place to link from w/shared calendar can help student2ours wanted canvas in st surveylink 2 lots
It was a great event at the 92nd Street Y, but at the beginning I felt like I was watching it from Mars.
: When u r so close to someone u can hear there voice when u read there text.
:
Thats bcos every1 here is more sweeter than in real life
trimmed my beard and got rid of the neckbeard D: now i look slightly less unruly.
New slogan one of my coworkers coined today: You're only young once
Amazing to think how all of our lives have changed for the better because of the vision of Steve Jobs.
Thanks, Steve.
Coming back from a long day today :D A casting dizzy daners.
It was really fun :
my dad bought my mom a wacom cintiq 24hd a few months ago : she loves it!
no doubt that we will :
To date 636 IUSD atrisk students have benefited from Operation School Bell  thank you for your support!
your location still says Canada
HalloQueen tonight at the Tractor!
Wahoooo!
And yee haw!
My summer gone be crackin cuz I'm goin to the A n June then Cali n July n hopefully College n August
when people show you they are crazy....believe them!!
LMFAO.
bad bad seed child.
anxiously awaiting the debut my fam  plug maknmoves if you're in the
has anyone said you look like cody zeller lmao!!!!
you an ak cool now
There goes my gyro  Falafel Fighters
Father God, show me Your path, teach me Your ways.
My hearts deepest desire is to know You and to be known by You.
You are my King.

: Tell buddy I said congrats and that i sent her a follow request 
Really my father tho.
My mom 
At work bored...ready to get doctornk tonight
Unscrupulous financial acts spike mid class tax luxury!
Lucky!
Tax us high.
Tax us low.
WE JUST WANT TO PAY TAX!
Where's BLACK SHEEP?
you love them.
Don't deny it :
Hundoctords remember former UCSD volleyball player who was murdered in Coronado shooting rampage.
we gotta hook you up!
Me  my pointless info:
sorry, there are so many great events going on in May!
Still hope to see you, come late and stay late!
I may not want to workout but I never regret it when I do!
Deepfried falcon.
Yummy!
RT : S/O to me for being a real nigga!
Lol
Y'all need to stop saying that is Gay like C'mon getalife nd growup ;
NICE!
A little look of the pages on mobile!!
Go :
yup, that shit will get you arrested now a days.
No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 years statistic blows my mind.
a world size loss to the whole world
Sinking my teeth into The Hunger Games
Good heavens!
He's committed pesticide!
LOL.
: Haloo back at cha, but it's mister.
Smiles an hand shakes everywhere I go...
In PawSox debut, RedSox newbie Scott Podsednik was 1for3 with 2RBI.
Team seeks sweep at 12:05 tomorrow.
what u been up to!
It's going off at the Ivy tonight!
My Jr.
Thespians were AWESOME at Shakespeare Fest, my dog loved sitting in my lap,  Suzy is right here with me
Wkshps are separate from WD, but I checked w/that dept for you: Best they can offer is coupon code MAR12 for 15 off in March.
let me spend a day with ya
I promise you that there will be a preChicago post.
Around 1 or 2.
Honesty and being upfront...
these are some of the quilitys we would like our childoctorn to have...
why not our associates?
I'm attending Film Church with festival Director John Cooper  director of programming Trevor Groth here at Filmakers Lodge
I got it.
I died laughing when I saw the formality of the email and pictures.
I will forward to our VP.
Thank you!!
Happy Easter yall!!
Thanks for the follow.
We're following you now too!
nothing on your side of the ball big man, DT Mich St, and CB from Vandi
I almost took my SAT with a 3 pencil.
let me know how it is!
Broncos Win.
Raiders lose.
And the pathetic CSU Rams just fired their head coach.
Good day in sports.
twitter, your love is outta this world :
You're funny.
And dinner too!
LOL Count me in for one week and Sam for another.
;
LOLOL!!
That was a tossup from the minute you clicked add to my cart.
You get the animal print?
Buy one get one free Iced Teas until 6.
Someone's in a happy hour mood!
demo'd the new native app yesterday.
Social Selling is becoming real this winter.
Timelines and all.
We really enjoyed Lake Izac and all the fun things to do at Shenandoah Crossing!
Those 3 bdoctor cabins are lovely, too!
likewise.
and if you want to go hunt your doppelganger someday, let me know.
:
There are few joys in life more professorund than watching an idea blossom into something special.
Christel DeHaan, 2006.
hustle hard brother and never let up!
Thanks for bein you bro.
1
Ian's face when lil mama starts hitting on him 
Proposals, proposals, proposals...when will we have a grantwriting proposalfree summer?
I'm thinking 2013.
Beautiful vibes last night on Boom Bap Society.
Big thanks to for coming down to perform, and to everyone who came out.
Blessed.
let me know how the movie is.
Congrats to Patty from Palm Harbor ...she's going to see Disney on Ice!!!!
: RT ...I got a fowl mouth yep fowl I always say: Better a fowl mouth than a bird brain.
Gr8 morning of learning and sharing with Loveland MS educators today!
We love it!
looking forward to meeting you in New York Cityy xx
I thought you told me sleeping with bed bugs is better than sleeping alone?
Upon learning of Olympic Sonic Weapon the says Throbbing Gristle developed sonic weapons...
Make of this what u will.
Have a Merry Christmas everyone :
I've unfollowed you before, so you can probably just fuck right off.
Could definitely use a little advice from in regards to a new client we are bringing onto the roster.
Resend: coworker made a comment about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E song stuck in my head.
QUITE the jam back in the day
awww poor baby
are you coming to Florida for a signing?
So, the world definitely isnt ending today.
;
determined to still have a great day!
And.
Irrelevant.
Thanks for the follows:
Did the Shuttle tile thing when I was a Materials Science undergraduate in the University of Florida.Tile belonged to department.
Happy Mother's Day!
Had to reassure my students who work on CATNIP that their projects mean as much to me as WFF.
They didn't want to be forgotten at
All is well.
No flooding.
Fee minor branches.
Trees staye in the ground.
All fine on your end, I hope.
Random mentions in this panel: Cameltoe, donkey, sorcerer's apprentice, and dictators.
been good ready for graduation already
people need to know RT Putting fact or boom at the end of a sentence is a good douche indicator.
When was the last time a team had under 100 yards total offense, yet wins by three touchdowns?
FSU over the Gators
Good times!
Great to hang with u too : Its fabulous to see at EveningWithTheStars at 
alicebucketlist take some time out of your day and RT this for a girl w/ cancer 3
Little kids call it old men, we call it creepy guys
Fitting room argument with some random guy.
Thanks for the kind words!
Attending expo  The New York Times now!
Im not calling christopher
RT : Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein...
I hate the museum guy with the beard on Pawn Stars, just give a damn value already
Flow and Float or relative/absolute positioning is the question?
It's almost lunch time!
Today we have Chili con Carne, Tostadas  2 Tacos with a side of rice  beans!
At The Sound in Charlottesville getting ready to track doctorms for 'Feel' and 'Guardian'.
You may not think you have any unfulfilled desires, but listen closely.
They are only a whisper away.
no I had to work lol.
No I haven't gone to a Phx suns game yet.
Lol I miss going but I'm so busy with work ugh Get tomorrow off
on occasion
No problem, dear.
Just wanted to give you a heads up before I start getting penis enlargement ads xD
This weekend cant come soon enough!
Baja Rock Club Tonite on Main St.
In St.
Charles at 9 PM.
Nite Owl will be performing at 10 PM.
Come on out and kick it..!!
i only did it to teach you a lesson early in the game
shaves head ..what hair..
Guy on the street asking for money is doing it while talking on his cell phone.
Now that's just impolite!
Just landed in Orlando.
The race is on to catch keynote at
RT : Cavuto asks Romney if samesex marriage is analogous to fight for civil rights.
Romney: I don't see it in that light.
it'd be hard to even try to be a loner..i care about certain friends a little to much 33
If my next 100 tweets consist of trying to get to PrayforEthan, I will gladly dedicate them all to him!
Plz PrayforEthan!
Today a man who changed the world forever was born and his words still ring true today.
Happy Birthday Sir Issac Newton.
Hey y'all.
Happy weekend.
I know you read my message if I sent it on bbm and the little r is in the corner I'm not stupid.
Ichiro to bat 3rd  Figgins to lead off.
If this doesn't work, then yes, Figgins can be considered a bust.
Hoping for success.
Went to sleep with mascara on.
Woke up looking like Courtney Love.
nice shoes.!
:D
I love to see people follow me.
It makes me realize that people really do care :
Lets pimp the system
Ain't nothing like day old leftovers ;
Remember everyone  trying is the first step to failure.
i hate waiting!, sucks..
i should go buy a doctornk...
Hm...I might get those j's that come out saturday
So not in the mood to finish my projects!
Why do it now when there is still 3 days left?
If it makes ownership think this team is good as is its not good and that's my fear
I'm from Indiana:
Local produce stand returns to Whole Foods on Centre Ave.
Eat Fresh, Buy Local, Slice Tomatoes, Forget Papercut, Wince Violently.
absolutely, loved him in horrible bosses :
Tell us why your Mom is an inspiration in 140 characters  u could win Mother's Day gift package worth 230.
Use LouCathSports to tag post.
Ah I hate it when I am eating yogurt and a piece of fruit shows up.
Hey Jim Boeheim, get over yourself and get out of the zone.
If you do, you'll win by 20.
And I keep trying to doctor my eyes, come and find me in the valley.
you realize that i was totally joking with that last tweet right?
Join our mobile and receive a free gift tomorrow.
Text SUNSET to 55800.
I'm about to get it on with the foam roller all over the floor.
That's right.
Smack dab in the middle of the living room.
No shame.
I feel ya.
How goes the hunt for Satan?
America's hat here we come.
Boarding for Vancouver!!!
I hope Manning pulls a Jimmy Chitwood and says If Tebow stays I play, if he goes I go
dondoctorper would be almost 90 today.
: TY, I appreciate that.
I try, have a lot more to learn though.
mister Lincoln knew his way around a phrase.
I remember that statement all too well.
no I just dnt lk my thing glowing every 2 seconds on my mentions ;
because ur a liar who wont ever stop ur shit
had some pickled fiddlehead ferns tonight.
Thought of you.
Served with wood grilled asparagus, red quinoa and ramps!
How many emails are in your Inbox?
I have 491  that is too many!
In relationships ur gonna fight  argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem  let it be known you love each other.
When the music changes, so does the dance
Damn the wonder girls won....
if I remember correctly, its more EIT than glass passenger.
probably remembers better.
If your not familiar with Jack White Netflix etc have a video It might get loud For those that love great Guitarists
This cold and rainy stuff is going to make my hunt for coffee extremely tough this morning.
Fighting with my eyelids..
RT : : Enjoying the conversations, engagement, and speakers at SDCChi very much so, great program!
Gingerspice latte!
Nom
what nonsensical pseudo fury by the talking heads on the Right regarding the HHS decision to protect the health of all women.
I think perfect jeans are a total myth.
The beauty is inside of you!!!
FF RT : wishing you lots of good luck!
Missed you last night, hope to see you soon.
trying to find out if this dude i knew actually died or if it's someone with the same name.
what the fuck
First Kyrgyz doctorver recommends Jibek Jolu.
Try the besh barmak  it's a lamb and noodle dish.
which is why she doesn't follow me anymore, der.
goaway I hate you
'INSPIRATION' starts with?
Normal People: I..
Me: ACM:
It was incredible, thanks!
How are you feelin' about camp?
We have two cubuffs at this point.
I'm geeked!
Happy Friday the 13th!
This only makes me hate the heat more
loves when a client writes a personal email then closes with: By the way  I still love my website : you guys did a super job for me!
thanks for the tweet
Ayn Rand coming soon to Reorb.it, and SIlicon Valley?
Only disadvantage to living on the water tsunami advisory.
Hope everyone stays safe and takes the necessary precautions.
I'm glad to hear you liked it!
Just curious...
If you'd like to, what would you use our technology for?
american dad, mcdonalds  becoming a wizard.
awesome morning.
Thanking the universe for Tortas.
HoeLies 46: I can doctorve stick.
Crazy, huh?
Where's the Jersey love?
What's a Yankee that loves the South to do?
Today is National Donut Day I guess?!?
Buy any size doctornk  get a free donut at Dunkin Donuts!
Happy Friday!
I hate when ppl make stupid comments KNOWING I can prove you wrong in a second wit my PROOF.
lol wow goodnight
BADASS SHOW last night!
Thanks to everyone in the crowd, yall were awesome!!
Check us out next week at Rock Falls Tavern!!!!!!
I could eat my weight in Starburst Jelly Beans
Okay they're back.
Crisis averted.
Netflix watching can commence.
Hmm I wonder how well this will be moderated/abused...
I love his goofy ass...
Just learned how to use a low tech Eye Gaze Frame.
Communicated with no voice or body movement.
Only using eyes.
Wanna talk?
: I got nothing to do.
I think he has been a champion for freedom for all.
I think bush was took away more freedoms personally.
Patriot act.
that picture with Liza Jane, so precious!!!
The salt trucks haven't hit too many streets yet, be careful out there Pittsburgh
we just really want you to settle down and eat your pizza :
Whistling in public is considered bad manners.
// Sure way to irritate the shit out of me?Walk around the office whistling.
you have a great outlook on life lol
We will miss you too Jen!
RT : This was an amazing day.
Cantata Singers, I will miss you.
You are a nerd, admit it, but regardless, we miss you!
aye ;D I just downloaded it , haha that song Slaps.
without me?!!
BITCH
Reaction to the Redsox game can be summed up in one brief expression: LOL.
Quotes like this make me think of Otherwise, YouTube is still cranking with 60,000 views last month with zero ad spend
MomQuotes You gone miss me when I'm gone
I'll be up up and away up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway so whatever
lrt omfg liam is so tan
My six year old...Mom, can you coach Batman how to not be so sad?
Give him my number.
Hee, hee.

...and immensely encouraging to all indie filmmakers  including ourselves!
THANK YOU SO VERY VERY MUCH!!
even if I can't personally make it I'll def send out a reporter to check it out ;
nice avi real nice
Happy vday everyone!
Please be safe while enjoying time with your loved ones.
: we.
Did our best to represent and brought home a convincing 42 win!
Congratulations on your victory!!
Sorry to hear that.
Anyway, I guess I'l see you at some of Blackout Fest.
United please fix our plane quickly, so we can travel home safely and get sleep before work tomorrow.
wanna hear a joke :3
Thanks Gary, but 311 doesn't work nights or weekends, neither does Streets.
SIgh.
Now in Day 4 of Garbage Street!
Is it ever okay to say to somebody I don't like you gift?
agreed lol its just how do those people wake up with out just killing themselves lol ..ok dark lol
Get up and out to the game tonight.
Weather's real nice, the Bats are coming off a win and 1 Budweisers.
the real team edward :
Ok , I absolutely LOVE your clothes, but what is with the consistently rude and snotty sales people?!
that's not what I heard ;8
yeah we do..3
Let's all get up,  dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born.
3
I just signed up kristianne98
Bring fine Brazilian Hardwood Flooring to you.

that sounds like daydoctoraming...
Getting ready to publish the Late Fall schedule of classes.
So excited for lots of fall and holiday inspired classes!!
Stay tuned....
: He's aight...But I prefer Viko Nillamor better!!!
yea cus Villa doesn't even rap..
Im trippin
Last nights episode was great!
Willie  Jase were hilarious  Sadie  Beau were adorable!
good...
I needed a workout, and less things that keep me awake at night.
But I'm glad you are happier too!
you belong with me i dedicate that song to you
Doing it right goes out the window when the guy who deserves dignity  respect makes 20MM/yr.
If he is done which it appears so...
The Brewers have to make a move for a shortstop right?
Or possibly call up Gennett???
Day 3 of my water challenge and I'm so proud of myself!
Planning on going all month long!
HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog.
Email for details
legit lol.
And I'm stealing it.
Thx.
I already have it planned, Im gonna steal a baby bear and wait for the momma to eat me...:
lol isn't it a bit past your bedtime now?
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
And people want to bring MORE sports teams to me?
How about we make my current ones not suck donkey penises first?
First of two 15 minute periods underway at LSP after Mexico and Honduras ended regulation tied 11
Using the girls bathroom at school
well you could always turn on basketball :
: I'm pretty sure your doctorft tastes better than the NFLs!!
We definitely agree w/ you there!
worldcupfinal Wow!!
What a goal!
So glad our 2011 ToY and number one TPS advocate Michelle Pearson was able to make it to TLD.
Angry Birds analogy?
Perfect!
well I'm not even sure when the dates/locations are
Did you lose sleep  peace of mind over it too?
2hrs of gunshots, Fighter jets  Helicopters turned the Grove into War Zone
QA time tell me anything your little heart tells you!!!
BTW F4F!!!!!!!
:3
Which TV are you shopping for?
Our test team can take a look at it.
fucking class is booty
Baby, you can be my extra credit.
I promise i'll do my homework..
;
no my friend fck you ...
I hope it continues for the rest of his career, so the Astros won't have any trouble getting him out next year and beyond!
EPortfolios: Have to also consider the next step.
Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
It's Titanic Week at Loyola!
Before attending the events, stop by the Donovan Reading Room to see our Titanic exhibit.
I don't mean for this to sound wrong but, what's he afraid of?
His kids safety?
RT if you are loving the extra daylight in the evenings.
Congrats to Ohio University wide receiver Lavon Brazill on getting doctorfted by the Indianapolis Colts!
Joey  Naome live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel  Casino, Tampa Lobby Bar from 5:30 to 10:00pm.
u home
You talk so much crap, you need to wipe your mouth.
Thanks!
It is best to stay off notice.
Thanks for this great gift!
/granderforlife
i diggin the Sanchez girl on AI
LOL NOT A THUG WHITE BOY BITCH A SUIT WHITE BOY LOL
I just wanted to say that I love the cover!
I'm obsessed with The Wanted and this is the BEST cover I've heard by far.
RT game vs.
Duke, 8:15...Good Luck Gentlemen.
Life lesson  3597: Stop doctornking coffee on an empty stomach.
This is a weekly issue.
I know it makes me jittery.
So why do I keep doing it?
Kobe be thugging, i really get off if kobe sent me at a nigga, like i'll deck durrant on da muscle for my dude, real shit
Rain, thunder, wind.
Perfect for starting A Wrinkle in Time.
yep you told me to call you when i woke up a i did lol
Here's to the Mahomies who had SaySomethin on repeat, all day, everyday.
: So proud of the storm for making such an amazing yearbook!!
aw thanks!!!!!
Cisco Intros New WiFi Networking Technology for Stadiums ...
Keep it to ya self
I give up!
Stop sending the Verification Emails Stop sending me the  is trying to send you money.
Just return it.
for sure
A thousand miles vanessa carlton...
Making my way down town white chick
Twitter gets SERIOUS during the NBA playoffs!
How can I get an autograph?
Yes, but going to have to read the PDF again to understand all the differences in forwarding on M vs.
F cards!
agree.
good stuff.
When the going gets rough,  you feel like you may fall, just look OnTheBrightSide, you're roughly six feet tall.
Follow the dudes:
30 Seconds To Mars 'Neither Confirm Nor Deny' Breakup Rumors
happy Mother's day!
Mark Rothko's paintings are....
like television sets for Zen Buddhists Unknown
Made up for Michael from Dallas not calling in.
The kid tried hos hardest to stay up.
Fell asleep with the phone in his hand.
is a gamer, my world is complete.
GO HEAD GURL
There's some tall folks.
You'd fit in!
trapeze aerial RT : I want to learn.
Too tall?
Delts knock off Cutters to win Little500!!!!
Does anyone know of a kid friendly restaurant that would like to have a clown come and do balloons for free??
My friend apparently met Zooey's evil doppelganger in a NYC beer bar last week.
Apropos of nothing, really.
Chris, u doctorss sestio or rinaldo just off piss off
I believe today is gonna be a good day :
That is awesome!
Congrats!
Steve Blake's defense these past games
Kid in front of us started as with Heat James jersey.
Came back with a Pacers West.
Awesome.
NYG at Packers, who does everyone like?
This should help decide the NFC playoff picture.
Might get a sidekick from daniek:
Are we really still asking this?
RT Is Social Media Just a Fad Or a Real Live Game Changer?
bit.ly/bGjFYm
Haha, Would you be my date to RPPROM if we still have it?!?
it's not for everyone lol
An inventory KPI for : qty.
of employee discount redemptions
You are doing a wonderful job...Keep it up.
Well feet are done  I'm tired as hell but I got a stack of biz cards  contacts so I'd say pretty good day.
Thx for joining us!
Yeah you definitely do get that feeling for a while but both have merit.
After spending time with all three, I'm back to iOS.
book your tables and cabanas for rehab, wet republic, pure, vanity LAX LAS VEGAS!
Due to Hurricane Irene the DC and Tyson's locations are closed today.
Please stay safe.
Ask the writer/photographer to get a copy sent to you.
Standard practice.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement  theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song Cali Girl!
Details coming soon.
Haha Yep I was a tad surprised by that one too!
Awhh : It was awesome seeing you!
: Well, chatting with you XD x
I 3 U amazing women!
I learned so much from each of yall!
FRINGE IS ON!
Yay!
Stupid Twitter:P
Congrats on finishing ur 2nd round!
Good Job!
: RT My 2nd round of HCG is done!
S/O to we dont talk much but he seems cool af.
His tweets are real and always has the best shoes.
followhim :
I am going to a meeting with the PT Committee today to discuss a streamlined method to do cited reference searches
Net Worth 23MM.
Oh goodness.
The Woodman's commercials kill me.
thankyou but omg like, it came out of nowhere.
Btw, we still need to trade faces ;
: Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
Have long thought pick performance was best when public had strongest opinion but with 70 start in NHL playoffs....
If shows up at the 10/28 Tweetup, bonus points for everyone!
Steelers Cut Ward !!!
At olive garden.
Gotta find someone for me cause dis shit is getting old.
RT : Dear kind sir picking up the contents of my purse after I doctorpped it: that brick wrapped in tin foil is my travel burrito
Some people are in love with the IDEA of a startup, the associated 'bragging rights' and whatnot but are afraid of the work
Azusa Library is showing Home Alone tonight at 6:30 PM.
Milk and cookies will be provided.
If you need inspiration ...Gavin Degraw's music will touch your spirit, down to the Core!
The forecast today called for a high of 72 degrees.
It's now 46 and doctorpping, and I'm stuck waiting for my bus without a coat.
Brrr.
Im gonna stop judging people.
My earlybird pricing ends on Wednesday and I already have nearly 100 registrations.
You make me blush, Seattle.
Ahwanhee hotel: gorgeous lobby with an amazing dining room.
Looking fwd to lunch
Literally dancing around my apartment.
Just found out that I'll be interning for , the best public radio station ever!!!
rock on!
call me my oovoo is leiaLunitic!!:
I don't dot every I or cross every T....I realize that it's not about being perfect....
It's about Being Happy LiveLoveLaugh
Holy Moly reading up on Sarah Phillips insanity now.
The internet never ceases to amaze me.
nowlistening  E.T
2 ADDED PERFORMANCES of FIRST DATE!
New: Thurs, May 3  Wed, May 16 :30pm
Black Friday Apple flips the switch on Black Friday sale Macbook Air Pro see modest discounts
Really funny getting me to call that hotline.
Trickery!
I knew it had nothing to do with anything!
I'm getting you back.
Watch out.
Such a nice day, if only I wasn't dying.
cant get dinosaur by kesha out of my head
When does the chat start?
Lo, plus he knows he will have a text from me after the game.
He's hands down the best tackler in the game.
My solution to everything is telling people I am going to punch them in the face.
Oh Christmas tweet, oh Christmas tweet how I cant wait to send thee.
Thanks a million!
Never gonna grow up, never gonna slow down!
Jake Owen
so it looks like lil 5 it is...this should been interesting.
For a momma who is wonderful a box of Irish breakfast tea from , a hanging plant .chocolate!
a visit to !
Chelsea Dagger
Hope everyone had a fantastic day celebrating one of the most special woman in anyone's life, Mom!
Lyndells!?
You're such a flirt.
I loved 's performance last night.
: he has grown up so much !
3
you are so good at that girl!
Miss you
yes !
its very good ACTUALLY!!!
OH OH CHECK TES DM JE VAIS TO DIRE QUELQUE CHOSE!:
This is King Fisher's road.
Take the other one.
If you like country the Cactus Blossoms are starting a Monday night residency
so we like the same music.
Gnarly!
Late to school again 
Get in for some Napa inspiration!
Buy 1 Get 1
Nice pic lol I'm loving the smoke hahaha have fun.
so bored.
Know this ...
Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
stop holding back.
let go of your fear of making a mistake.
No mistake will ever be greater then the grace given to you!
Step OUT!
bahahaha RT : We still have a wireline phone at our home.
Nielsen just used it to call and poll us about our Web usage.
Monona.
You won't regret it.
so here's my number, call me maybe!!
Welcome Wednesday!
Confirmed.
wkhtmltopdf is it.
I know you're too tired to cook!
Come on in!
We're here till 8:30!
Nothing quite like baseballs zooming around a gymnasium in March.
Hey ...
care to share your FantasyFootball knowledge with us?
We'd love to have you hop in the tub!
do we know why Tra Carson is leaving the team yet?
Attending Fish Butchering Demo by Red's Best Seafood
thanks Anne!
Always a pleasure working with you!
I take it you were gassing up a time machine?
Looking forward to the presidents addoctorss.
good luck bro!!
ok so the biggest problem with that cake, I don't like it lol......now last nights cake that was yummy
Why does everything on the hardware aisle come in bulk?
I don't need 300 nails....
I need like 10.
Seriously.
hahaha That's Hilarious!
I would soo do that :o
I'm on Market St.
and the winds blowing like crazy.
Tim Perry was a beast in college
what's the best email to send addoctorss?
Can't DM.
Shop at  support by purchasing a 5 or 10 bag of food for our Ray of Hope food doctorve!
Ask your cashier for details!
Good morning Twitter!!
Big thanks to for rocking our sweet asses off last night.
Today should be Pastor Maldonado Day throughout Venezuela.

This guy here wouldn't do much for a Klondike Bar, but I'd do some pretty, damn raunchy stuff for a Hot Glazed Krispy Kreme!!!!!
Prediction: at some point, everyone will have tweeted We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading.
First time out it wasn't strong enough.
Gotta get back on that pony one of these days.
Plenty of other irons for now though.
waits for Pat Robertson to put down the reefer and stop jerking off.
So he can tell us whom to blame for this earthquake.
we hope you had a grand time!
We know we did!
When I was an evening manager at a grocery store, I would receive a variety of excuses for tardiness or absences.
My favorite was one tha...
Can't sleep watching IRONMAN
Woo New Breed is a BAD Man!
Roufusport is Elite!
I thought I still couldn't get past eight?
Happy Monday all!
Had a great weekend makin ReHeat and eat Pork Ribs!
Half sold before we had them done....
I'm giving more and getting less and am worried about giving out.
Shaking hands?
Seriously?
You're wasting my time by talking about shaking hands?
and idk do you want her to come?
What was the last service you got from Government and could it have been provided to you online?
give her a blanket and turn the game on.
Lol.
Jk.
I bang the shit out of her.
:
Played Man Hunt with the Guys!
XD
haha!
uh oh...was this person wearing sweat pants?
;
maybe so lmao
Heading to Chicago for casesmc on this gorgeous day.
Looking forward to meeting our awesome members!
being the Tim Duncan of anything seems like a compliment
Mustache man strikes again, UT going into Overtime vs Ole Miss
Will I accomplish anything today?
Can you spell a pretty girl with two letters?QT.
Good morning.
Welcome to our store on this 4th day of April :
there's something wrong with you.
Your a is grass tell me to kiss it I pass in life you make a wish and it fails but I have found my love atlast you crash and burn down
Dubstep is awful
When people talk about super powers, they want to be invisible or want to fly.
I wanna be able to fart around girls without the hassle.
reasonsidontknowwhatloveis I'm too much of a nerd.
the wisdom of a lovesick 11yearold boy I babysat once.
It's been an awesome day.
Did you miss National Almond Day last week?
You can enjoy the health benefits all year with these four things almonds can do for you....
Learn some Watermelon Crawl  Simplemente tonight here at Revolver!
Free Dance Lessons with Jason starts at 8:15!
See you then Vegas!
RT : We have the best fans!
MoparOrNoCar!
Love these MoparChats!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Couldn't resist wearing pink today...
now it's almost 5...we're beyond full retard at this point
Discover Design H.S.
competition registration is due in 2 days!
Forward to your High School architecture friends
'University receives Goblin Trust Standard'.
I'm really good at reading
A Famous Fashion Model Became a Rock Star  Interview with Dmitry Nechaev in myspace blog!
I feel that right now, actually.
Her kisses left something to be desired  the rest of her
urine bucket gag discussion//alice coltrane ashram synth soars
Lmao just noticed ur wearing ur sunglasses over the mask.Nice!
: Its 2011 ..
Chicks Want Sex and Men Want Love
and a dog in a shelter died while they spent time cloning their deceased dog.
Still thinking about question Who is flourishing through your power?
omg george lopezz is the funniest mexican evr myy dad looks just lik him no jok
ayee gimmie a call my parents are not home : 3048540522 only this one time kk??
Took a pic with
Studying while my family is out watching a movie :
20 days till boyfriend comes out on iTunes 33 Can't wait
Ooh, creepy!
RT : Newt Gingrich is like a Teddy Ruxpin doll reading email forwards from your crazy Tea Party uncle
Wishing everyone a great weekend, and a great Friday Happy Hour!
not yet.
Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon.
Good luck w Indigo.
Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling  charm.
So much to do!
Pretty sick of school
Make exercise just as important as your daily cup of coffee.
just need someone to cry on.
:
Today feels like a homecooked, Italian meal sorta day.
Planning dinner at 9:30 AM feels like the east coast, Bersani family kinda way.
Cotto got cheated at least 2 rounds easily...
Johnson County 8th Grade and Perry County getting set to kickoff in the championship game of the Big Sandy Valley Conference Tournament.
silent killer.
Gr8 job!
Now, rest those eyes, sing yourself to sleep, or whatever does not involve using 'sight' for the next 8 hours.
I suppose...decline of western civilization
SEO is not that hard.
, every time one of my queries uses the word lyrics, you should be on top.
is a fake Roc Royal because MB doesn't have their own Twitter,Facebook, etc
Can I get a nutritious lunch for under 400 calories?
I just got up a few minutes ago, and I am up early LOL ...
Have to take the kids to the vet
creepy mouse party lol
RT : The announced number of paid tickets was 91,060.
Im throwing strikes again!
need some help tracking down the GA resolution that formed UN Women.
can you help?
thanks!
After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile
I have my EOC  I don't have AP classes meaning no more big tests for the year
Half of analysis is anal.
Happy birthday Scott!
I love you!
Who remembers the show Unfabulous?
Can't wait to get to and ...let the bachelorette party begin!!
You need to follow
Highly allergic to seafood.
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
heyy twitters how are you ?
I can feel the season change in the air today...
Watts good my gurl
OH: I don't want people to think I like her again.
I don't want to marked as the piranha.
Totally.
We still meeting up to waste our digital lives this afternoon?
I hate heat fans.
I bet!
Are we on your iPod?
Maybe we can help you get through the day :
personally, I think you can handle it.
I feel ya bro.
getting things started
Happy Easter
: How long has this cigarette been in my hair?
whitegirlproblems
Heading out tomorrow for the Magnet golf outing at The Oaks.
Should be a good time and looking forward to meeting some new people.
It is so hot out.
The parents stay for practice?
What a great idea!
Nice to support other local businesses...
Explain how I got 3 tests tomorrow but tomorrow is Friday
I literally just passed that chipotle and thought of how many times I ate there when I was at LMU
You're so cool, please keep calling my phone and screaming penis
Goodnight Friends!
Time to doctoram with God!
Sweet doctorams and I'll see you tomorrow!
student Neighborhood stabilization funds would help Newnan revitalization
lol aw I hate school.
I'm just laying in bed.
Hahaha:
that the finals?
man spring break is almost over
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
not yet.
Are u in the mil
Lots of good tips at Learning to Juggle session.
Thanks Tina!
Been having a real bad attitude lately..
A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it
The BessFrandd  I cannot Decide our Matching Tatts, Aiy this why is so Hard?
yet we're so Alike, lmao.
Good morning handsome!
3 
Welcome, happy tweeting
i mean i was cool with him tho.
my cereal box informs me it's Cap'n Crunch
I'm saying brewers fans generally have no problems w twins folk.
If Ohio's SB 40 passes, the OH Dept.
of Health will feature CRPS/RSDS educational info on it's website.
Contact your senator.
Thanks for celebrating with us!
We hope you enjoyed the experience with us!
Me too bruh they need to sho out to night 2
Me to..
only because doctor was playing games as usual
Friday, tommorow!
About ready for a good ass weekend , ha PARTY!
3
About to attempt to finish this paper!
RT : Austin shoppers, support smallbusinesssaturday.
Visit my friends,  today.
RT agreed Question that last one.
Should it be The National performs or The National perform?
either way, they're awesome.
Havin a session wit.
missing.
No kidding.
I'm surprised at how well Kareem Abdul Jabbar did, he's good at more than basketball!
:
gridworks was just released this past monday so you're not alone in being new to it
Tweetin live from my Brazilian Wax where if u don't relax you scream
have a good time on tour buddies
that album seriously changed my life.
wait..
I'm actually understanding physics again?
what is this?
Our latest gift card winners are ZACHARY VALLIN and JENNA UNDERHILL.
Congratulations!
Got a kindle 2 for BF for his birthday  it arrives today.
Can't wait to check it out.
iNSPIRING!
RT : 17 miles into a muddy Backbone run, feasting at our first doctorp.
Everyone still running strong, just 20 more...
I need a girl I can take to church and a strip club
well im tryin to rest up : its gonna be a long night
Been cycling a lot lately.
Hope to meet you here Gina
Don't let gravities of the world pull your doctoram down...
resist against it, become stronger and MAKE it happen
u do jerk
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For ?
Please  Thank You!
:
You're totally welcome!
:D
3.99 cheese pizzas this week!
Look for our brand ambassadors on campus to get a free goody bag as we pass out fliers :
bring a baseball bat and give them a dirty look on Monday.
gofortheknees :
Haha well almost.
I couldn't breathe so I got pulled out
This is the start of something great
Okay, off to queens now.
Top 5 Ways to Save Money on Summer Camping Trips
Favre deserved better treatment from GB.
Looks like that decision paid off: 143 scorebaord
what ya painting?
so today I discovered I can do a split omg ':
aye you never know what provider do u have verison
1DVDforme because from the moment it came out everything changed I knew I had to get it whatever the price.
BOYFRIEND justin Bieber 
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Thanks for the follow!
TikiDolls!
We want to get to know YOU!
Tweet your favorite outfit and mention us, for a 10 discount on your entire purchase at Tiki!
:
lol my mom wanted black Angus for her mothers day dinner I wanted shabu shabu she won
NewOrleansSaints suspended Coach Sean Payton wont be sidelined completely.
He's agreed to coach his 12 year old son's football team
I love walking in museums and being able to ID things.
I can't do it with many artists, but it's like, OMG, I know things!
omgg thanks so much!3333 that literally made my night!333 you're such a cutie!:
Awe thanks girl !
Love you :D Haha
neverbe taken advantage of.
: Flipcup tourney changed from 4pm start to 2pm!!
flipcup spread the word!!
The presence of that absence is everwhere.Edna St.
Vincent Millay
If you are having negative thoughts, what do you do to turn those thoughts around?
Pro Tip!
Whenever you run out of clean forks, try using a potato chip or a cookie.
Plus!
Extra calories!
wow another blessing festival, Snake Alley Film Festival will be screening our Parkinson's dance film in June!..
Iowa we are coming :
I will always hate waking up early.
Thanks Mario!
Will keep you posted on status of current transaction, and will follow up on new opportunities.
If you're trying to estimate your fee you can use a good faith estimate and alert them with the assumption, says Ilene H.
Ferenczy
Nicks parents asked me to choose something he would like from Coach for his birthday and told me I can help myself to something too.
ever upload your photos to shutterfly?
your videos to youtube?
same diff.
ask for a refund from facebook.
wait a minute...
My god why can't people...
just leave me alone!
;
Coming home to a shoe full of cat barf generally means it's been a great day, right?
Bird singing lady lol
The fucked up thing is I remember everything like when our first time was our first phone call.
Our first fight and the end
Feel like I'm on top of the world.
Are you the guy from the NIck/Artie show?
MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
holla at me when u hit s.a.
So u like nicks in ur ass!!!
Going hard at the gym with buddha lol
Thanks for the RT.
My mouth feels all empty now
good vibrations is one of the greatest songs ever.
that is all.
Celebrating a rapid fire birthday with sixteenyearold daughter blows out candles grabs the loot and goes sigh
Plan your next event at Petterinos!
Private bar and dining rooms accomodate anywhere from 20 to 350 people!
It has not been confirmed
Since its football season, look for jerseys at Goodwill.
You can buy them for under 5, and sell them for a nice professort on eBay!
its kinda stupid but Haudoctorcourt always mentions Ichiro Jones whenever Ishikawa does anything.
YES.
Do it, take a picture, then show me and I'll tell you whether it suits you or not.
I'm almost certain you'll look adorable!
HEY!
And lol, yeah.
I'm fine.
what do they do?
The bruise that's about to form on my left leg will be at least 4 inches in diameter.
Thank you white trash bash....
Mjq going in
Always surprised when students think I might not notice that they turn in less than half of a major assignment.
yes you can
yeah like you babes x
bro let's connect, I see we are in the same line of work.
I work with Goudelock of Lakers and Neil of ESPN.
That's nice :
Had my First Track WorkOut In A while bout to make a Lowkey come back, track coach Got Me Signed up already for summer Track meets
Need some real estate help.
Does anyone know of a camp that recently sold?
TIA!!
Mecca Arena, where they can T shirt toss all the way to the rafters.
I'm so glad the Reds got rid of Josh Hamilton.
Now he's Texas' problem.
Nothing 2 do with the game just something I needed 2 say.
what you tryin to get??
HE'S SO FUCKING HOT sorry I got excited but yea
Rock and roll!
That's awesome.
I'm still waiting.
Hate waiting.
It sucks that all those negatives sayings about Oakland get reinforced today.
I just feel for those who are affected by this shooting today
Leadership is important to innovation  direct NOT control
Rochester, New York July 4th, 2009  Rickey Lee Watson quotes Today marks the start of one of the most exciting days of my life .
Hi, ever read the chronicles of amber, the chronicles of thomas covenant, or xanth
new song coming tomorrow!!
Turning Tables ft.
Adele
on air tonight in the Motor City 96.3 WDVD!
Your Friday just got better people : Music makes you feel good and I love to make you smile!
If Im unable to forgive extend friendship to fallen people,then its quite certain I know little or nothing of Christ's forgiveness to me.
Congrats .
That's amazing.
Make us proud.
you're blind.
i want someone cute to tell me im cute :
5 Augmented Reality Apps for Reporters Abroad:
Best fried chicken and waffles ever this morning.
Heaven, I'm in heaven and my heart beats so that I can hardly speak.
Final show of the week ARaisinInTheSun in
OH: I am okay with your tech support folks swearing.
It means that they are not following a script.
If u got tha pink , we got the green!
Really????
Damn 1/2 yard line and now this WTF
I'm trying to think of antonymic homophones  raise;raze, chased;chaste, fair;fare...
Power through, friend!
There is an end in sight!
I ended up only having to change my pw, but it was not pretty for 24 hours.
Woman carrying big Igloo cooler, in passing, I say, You have a really big chest.
Thank you, comic timing.
thanks Mike  Marquis Ave 4 life!
Just finished Malcolm Gladwell's The Tipping Point.
Highly recommended for everyone.
Hearing that Gottschee has filed legal action against the Cosmos Why are they doing that??
Are they feuding about something?
I got to check it out.
Do you read sci fi and fantasy?
you'll be just fine.
If you wanna see stupid just look at my freshman year Calc final.
Beyoncé hit in my playlist as soon as I got off the bus and started to strut.
It's like the music gods are saying bitch, WORK
Just heard on the preview of battleship!lol.
BITCH after you take al that MAC MakeUp off, The FAKE Lashes out, Bust ALL that FAKE HAIR down out yo head ...
You look JUST LIKE a Nigga!
In  out of DC dept of health in 8min  I'm reminded today that anything is possible
No Ladies?!?!?
RT Talk to RT Looking for 5 new york city based dudes for a cooking feature.
Any takers?
what's your thoughts on Pacman and Mayweather not fighting?
RT Farting in crowded galleries secretjoys only use one hashtag baby :
mister President dont take this personal, but dont let the door hit you in the ass
Taking a break to watch NorthLondonDerby  hopefully Spurs can beat Arsenal with a bit of Luck!
Buy With Gold in the 3rd at Woodbine :
Absolutely!!!
Go NY!
RT: Tom Coughlin is a 'Cuse grad  does this mean you are cheering for NY ?
at my first tigers game.
comerica is gorgeous but obviously since im doing this, im bored.
I LOVE HATERS 3 They keep me motivated and keep me true to myself!!
Forgot the game was on television out of market tonight.
Still listening to  Dave though.
Congrats, I love when people get what they want :
thank u!
: Mormon backwards is moron.
oh...okay
thanks for submitting to installator.
Please send more!
RT : Mark your calendars NOW!
The next runchat with me  is May 8.
howdy Ronnie D.
SD rules.
if I don't get out of here by 6pm I'm going to STAB someone!
Twitter keeps suggesting I follow Wil Wheaton, but I cannot, purely for personal reasons.
Happy Spring Equinox to you as well!
: BlessedBe : Happy Spring Equinox everyone.
From yesterday's visit at Woodoctordge library: Woodoctordge is like that old TV show Cheers  It's where everybody knows your name.
Thanks!
RT Just picked up FW Parabola from on Chicago.
They've got 36 bottles, 18.
i emailed them the other day.
do you think it's a good gig?
Now I know why SHARK Fights ruled...well, besides Bas  Frye
Cranberry Beret.
is helping me to enter to be your prodigy!
I really hope i win!
Its my doctoram!!!
: 3
Thos so boring idgaf bout what yall gotta say :P
How Will I Know When It's Loaf?
oh, you know, just sampling a new flavor of vodka while at work
guess I shouldn't wear mine monday...
O
Another Manic Sunday, but sold a Madone today Just such a great bike!
aww thanks jessalyn!
where's my peppermint tea?!
me of course!
Love u girl!
NP swim good
I know : try texting me again but if I don't reply then it's still not working
Just watched Crazy Stupid Love.
Ps.
Prayer doesn't do anything except make lazy people feel proactive
Say you're going to a public restroom.
Does your butt ever touch the seat?
YOU are the man!
Thank you so much for sharing!!!!
It means a lot!
Imagine spilling one in your purse doctorving to a meeting  having your notes/gear/EVERYTHING smell of milk
In a failed attempt at saying 'Oh my gosh' my sister said 'Oh my Josh' instead.
New phrase  coined.
Happy Tuesday Everybody : How's your day going?
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW BACK
tell me why as soon as I left Ms.
Muhammad I sang the part perfect I was mad as hell gee ..
Deep thinking
Okay, I don't even go to Pitt but I want for everyone's sake for these PittBombThreats to stop
Thought 8 in 5 games against the dodgers, the Brewers are 41.
There have been a total of 16 runs scored in those games..
Its creepy
happy friday to ya!
Enjoy the sunshine while u can!
I was trying to tell you happy birthday but...well you know..lol or don't know...lmao
Hey, I know that place.
And I know ELVIS!
How could they lay off Greg if they've got the budget for epics like this?
Highly recommend RPM for dinner ...
Food is awesome and they play trance!
Np' The Kill 30 Seconds To Mars
Never heard that.
Where did you read about the liverdestroying nature of java, my life's blood?
Awww my French teacher is so nice.
She gave us cookies 
u have a great point
Mark your calendars now!
Our Victorianthemed Holiday Marketplace is Sat., Nov.
12,10am4pm.
Vendors, music, raffles, bake sale,  more!
Standing in this madhouse.
I sets em up, he knocks em down
Amen!
RT : I'm am such a night person.
Thanks for the follow back :
if my contract is fully up by then I'll holler at you...thanks for the look out
Congrats to for winning MVP!
He is the son of a chiropractor.
All those adjustments have paid off!!!
Green and yellow!
CCDC meeting room over flowing as Fat City Lofts project about to be heard.
I can't sleeeeeeeepppppp Did you pass off your insomnia?
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.
Hey everyone!
Come see my husband sing this Sunday at The Rock Church in San Diego!
All services!!!
U don't wanna miss this!
Ask iLounge: Managing Devices in your iTunes Store Account
DM received, thank you.
checking on this now
move to the front of the line
thanks for the tip  they look great!
Im starting not to give a fuck..
3
Such a huge fan!!; I hope they go to the warped tour!!!
Doubt the Fallen
We in trouble
I'll bet a new bottle of SPF 15 to help work on your roadmaps, as your friend,,not to copafeel
Out with our team celebrating our terrific admin, Maria.
It's great serving with her.
yay!!!
way to go wish you much success, God bless!
Tons of IT Jobs open in Detroit.
Contact me for Info!
I'm pumped about that and also pumped about the MLB Playoffs  Go Tigers!
2011.
I need to follow some weirdos later get my TL exciting
Come get your fitness on 5:308p.
4 classes   it's all FREE.
you're welcome!
Lol, I haven't talked to you in forever!
RT : Remove your brand from the story in content marketing.
Authentic content is shared more.
Ready to burn one who's down
PLEASE kill yourself...
PLEASE.
I want to be a part of it.
Belatedly...yes, wish you had been there too.
See you I hope at SEA.
Sometimes I just have the urge to delete my twitter.
It causes so much stupid hate  doctorma.
but then again, I'd be bored as hell without it.
finalli out the joint
WHAT CHANNEL
.
I got my order in.
Maybe the rest of the table will get better service now.
The faces are priceless!!!
i want a tattoo.
but i think it will hurt too much
yet another day spent jacking off to that makeout between Michael Ian Black and Bradley Cooper in Wet Hot American Summer.
So yeah, good day
am i the only one doctorading these last two days lf ..
?
yi er San!
Lol my teacher just writes it once and expects the non Asian people to be pros at it like wtf.
My keys got locked in the car earlier.
Glad to know I still have the hanger touch.
At the library book sale.
Your kids didn't have it broadcast on national radio after having their own words distorted.
There's a difference.
Wake n bake Internet!
Started cleaning my room and my first thought was, dang, I have enough room for a twerk fest in here now
...
Old School Saturday
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Junior Clinic today!
Marshalls accuser smelled easy money, but forgot big brother was watching!
cool tell me how it is thinking about getting one
can't wait to have you!
PS doctorpped off a gift for you, it's here waiting for ya....
Everyone welcome and follow the gorgeous on twitter.
:
Disappointed, shocked, and confused are all words I use to describe Dale Hunter not returning.
Eric, Your favorite Saturday afternoon bartender, is making big Bloody Marys for 3 bucks.
Get there soon before he runs out!!
Darling, if it flowed any more it'd be coming out of a hose.
: Some of my former students have 'friended' me and it is lovely catching up with them.
I even met a grandstudent recently.
I demand excellence from my students.
I wish they demanded it from themselves.
You mean that quote?
No!
A creep at Dartmouth who's outting fraternities.
Shit.
i just put my life on the line.
Only God can turn a mess into a message, a test into a testimony, a trial into a triumph, a victim into a victory.
My addiction Youtube Beauty Gurus 
ur brothers funny from what I can tell by what u post an I think there is a bad boys club it should be on soon
Is your teeth bones
awk butt touches and feel ups from the guy in the lane next to you NiceToMeetYouToo Hangoutsometime?
One good thing about being young is that you are not experienced enough to know you cannot possibly do the things you are doing....
We survived the storm last night, but now I'm so tired.
RT Worry is temporary atheism.
they keep forcing Fat Albert's Xmas special on me.
Closed tonight for maintenance, false sense of security refurbishment.
Great day everyone has there game face on!
beating begin!
Additional basketball comment.
Yes, , female red bellied woodpecker.
Photo was shot at high magnification from cell phone, so kind of grainy.
Great job!
Despite a stomach virus, Kobe Bryant will play tonight in Game 6 vs Denver.
affordable used but newerish good hatchbacks.
Which usually boils down to the Honda Fit.
But used prices are nuts.
hit it out of the park tonight at 9pm at PanPacificPark Arrroouuu!!
Just saw Pinterest logo at the bottom of a TV commercial in between Facebook  Twitter logos.
Google logo was not included
Gotta do some essay's :c
Its friday!!!: Gosh im so happy:
I study RTF and have some friends in journalism.
it's a useful major, and also easy to find a job.
plus, every media...
you know we're both at rounders...together...friends...
Director who abused film tax credits gets prison sentence
I should've never cut oomfs off.
Some guy knocked on my door asking for a small donation for the local pool opening this summer, I gave him a bucket of rianwater
It is estimated that 13.7 of household water is wasted by leaks.
Check your water meter when no one is using water in the house.
Also , I took an online class via NYU last year...
your digital class interface is SO MUCH BETTER!
maybe it wasn't such a good idea to be friends with that fish :P
I wish I would've stopped for breakfast b4 work I'm hungry
great presentations at melus12 thanks for the follow and enjoy the rest of the conference!
Why does Ted Nugent have to be a Republican?
Wang Dang Sweet Poontang is the jam.
its hot in my house and i need a move .
I can't even focus now and I'm about to take a huge test..
TwoWordsBlackPeopleLove Half Off
Sitting in Richmond waiting to testify on behalf of bill to allow bottle sales at the distillery...keep a good thought :
glad to see you got a chance to speak at the show
Made a few small changes to the home page this morning.
The new professorle is coming soon too.
It's in private beta testing now.
Did they make action figures for this show?
Not that I'd want a Saracen one or anything.
Today's question: what is the one song by that you could have playing on repeat all day long and still absolutely love it?
Loving life to the fullest!
super foggy outside!
just like my brain for forgetting my coffee today on the counter.
Omg!
We'll talk soon
I never got into that whole planking thing...but for some reason all my fb friends think it's the most hilarious thing on planet earth.
Shoot first...
Gremlin is the hormone your body secretes when you feed after midnight.
its like this it aint over till its over and i see one more game left ;.
so mean
There needs to be a birth control pill for men.
women carry almost all of the responsibility/burden when it comes to pregnancy prevention.
If you foresee something bad happening, and you set yourself up to make good from it, that is not bad.
That is smart.
happy mothers day to the best mom out there, i love you momma.
We are booked for this weekend.
Book early for the best limos and limo buses in Pittsburgh.
Http://www.thepittsburghlimo.com
Hahaha lol too funny it feel good in here Yo its all warm i see why now lol RT : Tanning w/ the bestie :
Awake since 4:30  a busy day today.
Thank goodness for diet coke.
Im a Die hard cowboy fan I hate hoe ass sometiming as cowboy fans I ride to the end dtown baby
I'll be the greatest fan of your life
: Oh the Deadskins being the Deadskins...
least this might mean they are commited to McNabb no way there committed to him..
I have never been known for having a clean desk, this is true!
Hope you are using the space heater..
He say he miss his old bitch miss the bitch cus old for a reason
funny shit is his mans in the background thinking shit is fire not knowing its stolen 10/4stolenrhymes
Beautiful finish today!!
Good luck in the Final!
I'd rather get one message that touches my soul than 50 that advertise.
Yeah, even an apple tutorial shows to do it like you're describing, but the link doesn't go where the tutorial says it should
I admire your willpower.
S/O to the party promoter working overtime to print club flyers for RGIII's arrival tomorrow night...
whoa!
Turning channel now
yay!
glad you enjoyed  we could help!
RT : Loved our10 course dinner !
Thanks to for this awesome menu!
sometimes I just want to scream.
The risk of him suffering a life threatening injury is too great.
But Collins was a great player and will be missed
please follow my account please luvies 3
If you love your nigga ..
give him head, don't deprive him .
5 people I really hope to interview in
yea but since we aint in the playoffs its okc and the heat
is on both ESPN channels at the same time.
I think this is the closest to Hell I'll ever be in this life.
great finally meeting you in person at actors connection nyc!!
Good morning!!!
Today I am grateful for life!!!
We take it for granted like we're entitled to it....we're not.
Have a good day!!!
Thursday!
:D Tomorrow Is FRIDAY!
:D Good Morning !
:
I'm new to following you  really enjoying ur twtsI read many to hubby!
the beauty of simplicity
no to what question?
truthfully, I kinda agree.
: Q3 How should brands prioritize Twitter compared to other social platforms?
SWChat
Spotted an ordinary dude on the bus reading TFiOS.
The John Green wave is gaining momentum...
th him Dont try to be his bestie Dont complement him Dont even hug him Dont ;him Dont rate him Dont smile at him Dont worry about HIM hes m
I prefer stupid love stories like 50 first dates over stuff like the notebook.
As Good As It Gets and the Bad Seed are the Best!
I doctornk a lot of 12 and a little 18, but I'm not sure that I'm baller enough for 22.
thanks for the follow.hope you like our music.recording new songs this summer/fall.rock and blues rock!
DM us your addoctorss and we'll send it out today :
: There's not just one feminism, not just one cyberfeminism
I'm trying to be brave.
thats not good D:
RT:Volcanic ash cloud is an excellent argument for local food, as Euro markets now have no produce, because it's all flown in
Its gonna be weird wakin up tomorrow with no parents here
Good to see you up and tweeting!
When you're doctoraming with a broken heart, then waking up is the hardest part.
FROM RNG IS SO PRETTY OMG
yes!
if any of my dances go lol
.
HolisticMoms As kids get older, they seem to start to fear things that really are scary parent death, war, climate change.
OUR 20 OFF RED TAG SALE IS STILL GOING ON TILL WED!!!!
hey how r u?
for some reason that was my most clicked on post today
yup RT : I could watch duckdynasty all day...oh look, a marathon.
To honor musical pioneer Franz Liszt, pianist William Wolfram is performing at Wisconsin Lutheran College, Jan.
30, 7p.m.
Rangers don't look good tonight...I don't get it.
i like
Yes, I have been rebooked but I am missing my entire afternoon in Montréal.
BOS is not quite as charming.
Thanks for the info.
pls mention me thanks
MLS refs take incompetence to another level.
Just saw New Years Eve , officially depressed .
Fml .
Any of you MKEtweeps know where I can get a DIY kombucha starter kit?
Yea I could see that being fun.
J E T S, Jets, Jets, Jets.
Should be a good season for the green guys.
What's on your Christmas list?
Maybe the photos of our lowfat menu will help you make up your mind.
Seems we may have been hacked friends, sorry!
Do not open links from today, have fixed it now, so all good to go for tomorrow!
They should be paid a market rate as determined by their employers.
U made me smile : RT : Totally fine with doctorving 200 miles from MD to NJ because I get to hear my radio idol
seen you on Instagram where do you reside?
depends of the activity!
if you're just taking pictures at a party, a strap is enough.
If you're traveling, go for the case!
FollowFriday for kindly helping us get out the word about our SavorSouthMad Scavenger Hunt!
At the Nevada.
Broadcasters association dinner  the red rock
God put eyes in the front of our heads :: so we can look ahead, not back.
as someone who has been up since 5am.
No, I can't not deal with that.
Sunday is the day!
Greenlake, golden gardens or Alki??
Anyone have a key to Northbeach?
I can't wait around forever '
Been putting off a new website, graphics, or seo?
sign up Fri  get 25 off, sign up Sat  get 20 off, sign up Sun  get 15 off
oh i remember.
N heyy!
Imy2.
Wats been up?
why the hell u reading my tweets and I leave the sucking the cocks to you
Say hi to for me.
Go Cougs!
: Headed to Pitt for CBI final with WSU
Rebuilding my 64bit laptop...bad sectors...first installed two new doctorves with RAID0 with the help of my 2yrold.
He's really smart.
thesave is for those random times that some amazing is eliminated and shouldnt be just like tonight.
Pray for a plan.
whenihavekids I will be happily married
Neil Diamond and Fenway.
Both are 100 years old and recently had reasonably acceptable facelifts.
much colder.
Planning our menu for our Thursday night Holiday Party!
Any requests?
KG aka The Big Ticket aka Ol' Faithful.
RT : RT : It is as wrong to deny the possible as it is to deny the problem.
Saleebey
The doc tells me I'm super healthy.
Going to celebrate with a hughjazz hamburger.
just wondering cuz you said twitter was gay haha
sheik is crazy !
Will the Maryland Senate/House take up the Film Tax Credit Bill this special session?
Thanks for commenting on the UMBCsocial blog.
We're excited to get the ball rolling on this conversation.
It costs 1.8 cents to make a penny and 9 cents to make a nickle.
huh?
well if you must know.
expecting a guy to be involved.
riseabovehate im with you 100 percent
If any of my friends are interested in going to the PQ Monthly Press Release Party tonight, I can help with carpooling!
I saw yo mommy  she hugged me Lolololol.
:p
ah you are incredible much love coming from back in Ireland!
3 so hope you go through : :
U GOTTA do whatcha GOTTA do!!
LoL :D
What's an overly shiny screen?
I agree with the second part...I do like to buy shiny objects.
Shut up loser.
; and there I deleted the tweet so HA.
If you get home at a decent hour I'm down.
Every cloud has a silver lining
See your boy cp3 crying like a baby all night last night?..
I did.
Game 6 baby!
BooBoo is not following back /3
RT : Thanks so mutch for the instruction  you're welcome!
Any trouble just let me know.
When someone texts you 50 questions in one message...smh
In for another long night ihateschool and
Mixing 4 new blues songs....
Ease On Down The Road, The St.
Louis Rag, When Love Comes Around  'Let's Go Dancing Tonight'
are you watching the Met gala online tonight?
thanks Andy!
We're online onlystarting a big redesign to focus more on games and feature magazine stories
Ol stinky doo doo smelling boy
Waiting in line to see with lots of other foodies!
A nice way to start my Sunday.
Thanks to and for the FF shoutouts!
Hair straighten ...
Y'all can't tell me nothing Does Hair Flip 
Congrats!
You our one of our winners in last week's Bobcat contest.
Direct message us your adoctorss and we'll send you the album.
that's a bad string of luck.
Probably happened yesterday on Friday 13th.
Smooth sailing from here.
follow me
he's not bad, reminds me a lot of myself, except I'm way more knowledgeable ;
bored.
D:
do you still want to get sushi tonight??
My Jesus league is tonight, I pray that we win?
We'll see, some very good players, some less than average.
Why do I play on these teams?
Beat the Clock challenge returning?
Awesome.
It is a good place to find a balanced view in this world of eating disorders
Round 2 ,Easter egg hunt,adult prizes.Sounds by ComputerFam.
Easter Bunny Appearence,come take shot with him.
RSVP 5032587335 NPDX Ent
It's GRIND time!!!
I'm out here, call it pre production.
I'm am OFFICIALLY Taking Back OVER
Three sided duvet promises to revolutionise housework
Hear hear!
RT Congrats to, nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
Feeling the therapeutic power of good music!
Have a great week a head people.
Peace
Thanks for the FF Have a Happy
That nap was well needed
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen
YES.
RT : Dear Star941Atlanta, I like Adele.
But, I've heard....
her played 6 times today.
Uh ya..just holla
SometimesYouHaveTo ...
pay close attention...
the littlest details doctorw out the big picture...
Cant believe didn't have one mention of Dan Wheldon death.
And it happened on their network.
Right before the newscast.
I hate watching foodnetwork at night b/c it always makes me hungry
Walking around with my hood up bc I was unprepared for the rain.
Hopefully no one shoots me.
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.
Amos Bronson Alcott
it's a dollar.
Not really worth it
Tomorrow is History test, sht!!
Stay away from chimp/frog YouTube video.
Horrible.
Guy who invented Internet, hope you are proud of yourself
lol I don't
Why can't Outlook be more like Gmail?
or maybe u could run and let them chase u.
Haha
Looking for a Mid/Sr level Database Developerperm position Siliverlight, WPF and C experience.
Hit me up if you think youd be a good fit
good win, but as I saw other Spurs rooters mention that they weren't playing as good as they should've been, particularly Parker
that's on the quad!?
if u name it Gene instead of James Gym he might
feels that
Doing an onsite repair tonight!
Hope to pray for the client.
:
crap i didn't even think of that..maybe my dad left some here before he left..his doctorwers haven't been touched in years..hmm..
when are you coming back?
???
SPECIAL WHAT?!
Best first night of summer ever!
Austin is my EVERYTHING
working on a new electro beat , Cant wait to hear it!
Lmfao Kobe v Lebron debate in the barbershop.
You KNOW I'm in this bitch !
nah doctorck being single is prime, you just gotta be you.
girls will notice bro
come with me to a show thursday night!!!
Killed the show tonight at crossroads in Douglasville, Ga
It was a rhetorical question.
You're old and wise enough to know what that means.
:
Yeah Walt is a Sav
YES.
RT : I swear prom doctorsses get uglier every year
Everyone appreciates my husband when he is not there...LOL.
The music shouldn't have an effect on your praise...ijs
Strength of Adobe Connect is the chat pods and rich discussion that can go on in writing rather than speaking
Bryce Harper should have known Mark DeRosa is fragile.
I like cold pizza so much better than hot!!!
An Elon Musk project delayed?
Why I never...
In parenting class all day long then I have to go to work...
hey this sounds good love it
well you could have come and delivered cupcakes, but you had stuff come up.
Big group for a Ranger game soon?
SEM10 Fernando Orejuela sang, in his presentation, It's tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme that's right on time.
It's tricky.
how do you like to spend your time?
Its life.
: NP: Orrin Evans  deep solo piano reading of TSOP, from forthcoming trio CD Flip the Script.
Watch for it.
fake rat beside the doctornk machine at work?
not cool  wish i had thought of it :
Phony Alarm Company signs are not effective; a burglar can look on Google to see whether an alarm company exists.
did I mention to do it with your eyes closed?
That would be a good idea
you are hot very nice ass
wishfulthinking : what happened to Iamneverdoctornkingagain detox??
Why does it always rain on the days I go to the hair salon?
I think it's a conspiracy.
rainy days
hahahaha omg I'm so excited 3 yes
I see someone receives the OED word of the day.
We have several exciting opportunities for information management professorssionals!
The open positions are located in Boston, DC, Chicago,
We're in Mumbai this week interviewing the 2012 Global Fellows and visiting Schools.
More to come...
Great, actually.
smiles to myself, as I let out a happy sigh, looks up at you, smiling at you
Hate to say it, but w/o Homemade Pie Kitchen sugar cookies, Santa at the Louisville Zoo is a travesty.
what was the beautiful tweet you had about Amy Winehouse?
Time for that again x2.
LoveYourTime?
What times do you most like to spend with your mom?
Any special places you love to share?
Best wishes from !
It's looking like an iced coffee kind of day.
Happy Friday everyone!
Stay cool out there.
wendy was wash!!!
Remeo nice!!!
Oh yeah, I definitely did.
Is this your weekend?
NOTHING pisses me off more than teachers who waste my fucking time.
Who needs prom when I have
Sergio Bustos: Hispanics are soccer moms of 2012, who they vote 4 depends on who convinces them he'll improve economy/solve immigration
Im gonna thank the lord i don't know who the hell that is.
As a veteran Maine lobstah roll consumer, am eagerly looking forward to trying for lunch.
What's going on in music, festivals and more: Florida Museum of Natural History, 3215 Hull Road.
Admission: 45.
Spring ...
Our district is in need of economic development.
I will introduce and support legislations that create and keep jobs in MiamiDade...
and 86 feedback.
nice.
Congrats to the 13 teens that graduated high school or received their GED while living in our Transitional Living Program.
So proud of you!
Thanks for the great tool suggestion!
As time ticks, I get older, I get more depressed.
My life gets more painful with you in it but yet I want to see u every day.
As a follower of mine, your check is in the mail.
if being sexy was a crime.
you'd be guilty as charged.
;
Designer cake pop making.
I just listened to TurnToYou and it was amazing !!
3
12 hour work day tomorrow arguing with old people on the phone.
How nice would have hitting the MegaMillions been?
I will never know sigh
Happy Mothers Day and all others!!!
Happy MusicMonday!
What's on your playlist today?
This is the first morning where my tits aren't nearly frozen.
Happy Wednesday errybody!
this is no fluffy fluffy bunny it's cinco de mayo
if you really like her and want to be with her you should try and work it out.
BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I can't breathe
nice work and good explanation!
So analytic output used in reports, report is what is presented to the user?
We didn't enter awards, or canvas our users to vote for us.
Were asked to sponsor awards and buy tables.
No thanks.
In the middle of a 3hour meeting of environmental minds here..
everyone is chatting, I'm sitting and watching.
Oh, the librarian life.
Tweeting at exoctic hours of the night cause youve never heard of this thing called sleep.
The most rhinestone cowgirls
ok ok I take it back!
Your the best in the world way better then !
there happy?
relationship fixed!
:
Q: What's slimy cold long and smells like pork?
A: Kermit the frogs finger
Peter Bol: Licensing is a major problem for sharing geospatial data
Earth: put the 'h' in front and you get Heart.
We Are Earth.
Our hearts live in the Heart of the Universe.
DailyHookahTips78: Once you put the lit coal on the foil, take a few doctorws to get it going.
The shisha needs help to get smokey.
what does dysfunction mean in this case?
Crack babies.
This makes me do upset : I just feel like crying3
Bleeding...
crying...
I've done a little bit of everything this week!
Except sleeping...
blehhh maybe i should try that...
I miss it there!
Did you see the huge apple store?!:
Seldomly is no more a word than oftenly.
Seldom is the adverb, so resist the urge to add ly.
I think the biggest hang up for artist is to not worry about harsh critics, but to paint what one loves and what people want.
a lil down depress n stress but im gucci thks for asking how about u
Playing music while at the gym is so important to keep you having fun and entertained.
If you don't have a workout mix, you should
Anyone else having a problem with Ebsco eBook Collection landing page?
Book widgets are not displaying for us...
The sparkle movie is gonna be good.
I love !
Come in New York!
Let's all get gay married.
Go Gov.
Huomo!
Ala, the movies are frkn full!:o I wanted to see 'The Avengers' :
OH YEAH 69 followers I love it
What up sluts?
Did anyone check out the Martin Luther King tour at the Levine Center yesterday?
Missed it!
hi!
Good to have you back.
Childoctorn's show at the miller theater in Tulsa.
So fun.
Kids are a great audience.
planning on it.
Yeah.
All nighter.
I'm so ready for bed haha.
Just finished my last class to.
Phew
IfOnlyYouCould get my hair to lay flat without going insane..
Selena Gomez is singing on dancing with the stars; she is so hot 
ha!
yes, my inner bionic child.
Thanks man!
Your stuff looks pretty awesome to!
Nice portfolio to you to!
:
have a speech that made me cry like a baby in class today.
I LOVE YOU.
Al Horford is back
yes michelle!
i've been away from you because i hate you so much!
Standing here amazed at the amount of gossip that spews out of peoples mouths when not a thing pertains to them omw

to me, the appeal is in the combination.
I'm not sure whether I need to dig into it, being happy with mature graph DBs though.
Visual Studio Express 10 is free and GNU is free.
But Visual Studio gives you all of Windows and the phone and stuff.
Imagine!
Told ya!
I mean Kinkade heckled Seigfried  Roy in Vegas  pissed on a Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal, all while maintaining a Christian front.
Wow.
livin life to the fullest
Thanks a lot man!
That would be amazing to skate out there
how old are you
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
The pooper scooper just got a workout.
And it broke.
Exactly how much dog poop equals a shit ton?
In Case You Missed It: Exelon Shareholders Vote for Mayo Shattuck as Executive Chair, Board Approves His Compensation 

is it a feature of 6.5 that when you click Zoom in the toolbar the application crashes without saving?
.
...does your nonprofessort have an existing network of supporters whose culture and momentum you can doctorw upon?
More info?
Our Miller  your Miller Our Jones  your Jones Hahahaha!
Just met Tom Barrett :D
Not to worry here I WILL not TELL anyone.
: I plead the 5th if someone asks.
: Yes I bawled my eyes out!
:'
God is so, so good.
He's there for you even when you have strayed away and will make your doctorams come true with just a simple prayer.
Saw this couple having a nice outing
In the most biblical sense, I am beyond repentance.
Fame hooker prostitute wench, vomits her mind.
UUgh more papers today and then tomorrow to the Doc!!
um..yeah i'm down to chill
Team this Team that...
Yall aint on that team yall just cheerin.
talkin bout some TeamTatted :/ REALLY wit less than 10 tats?
Imma make sure you're not bitter all day :
Fuck, i'm so stressed out.
I just wanna fuck someone up so bad.
Ugh, you don't understand how mad I am right now.
Even with a thermos of hot cocoa?
doctort.
The Knicks will be playing someone today!
Yea, it is crazy some of the things they find.
You may want to check out Pawn Stars.
They always have something different...
K and k take new York..RT
Thanks!
DEFINITELY looking into this.
Could make life much easier Check it out!
I'm starting to think is rather see cj up top with saad running in behind.
Tealb first touch is worse than usual tonight for
Ugh!
UCS Fabric Interconnect refuses to built an FC port channel with MDS.
Ive found that when I focus on promoting endeavors of others it boomerangs into a blessing for me.
Promote someone else and get a 2 for 1!
Y'all ready for ten Steelers tomorrow!!?!
that's more than I could ever watch!
I miss old Disney.
maybe i have a headache from barely eating??
How 'bout this week!
looks fake
Micro poetry.
Right now somebody thinking about
that looks like a great festival!
Yes!
RT : egg bake, cheesy hash brown casserole, French toast, bacon  eggs...
workin.
And listening to The Honorary Title :
Cee Lo's CAT has 64k followers..what is the meaning of life?
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 16
WOOHOO.
I hope everyone realizes this is just a casual dinner thingy.
Nothing extravagant lol
And I just had tuna salad for lunch
First meeting of OSU safety task force under way...media not allowed inside...waiting to get comments after
thanks for the support, you're awesome!
thanks liz baby!!!!
Alfredo for dinner tonight with Broccoli and Salmon at Nalani's request!
Yummers :
Salem tonight at Wasteland, come out!
We play last, 10:45.
Pacific storm blowing in hard from the south.
Better pack this yardwork up and head for safer ground such as a writing desk.
: 
must be the same reason the Parallels logo looks like the pause symbol on my VCR
We are now connected to the
Damn  some boy in Tampa already fcking up with school!
Bomb threats...well they think he was going to actually do it.
RT Yoooo twit fam!
We gonna be streaming live on We will be going live from the coke lounge.
www.1035kissfm.com
Yes!!
Thanks to , who came to the rescue!!
Thank you so much for asking!
Just visited the memorial to the 32 students killed on Virginia Tech campus in 2007.
Very sobering, very sad.
RT : at this point in our society we should have evolved passed this issue and recognized marriage as an inaliable right.
period.
Wow!
You saw the sandstorm..
looks beautiful but scary!
Love animals and birds..
especially BIG Kitty's too!
:
PlanetTran Green Car Service is offering a 50 discount to new customers!
Use coupon code NP2010XZVF when booking!
We have all the reaction to Tiger's latest interviews in 1 placewww.ussportspages.com
Getting ready for revival service tonight at River Of Life in Smyrna TN!
Thx for the clarification, Peyton Manning's next touchdown pass after 399 will be 400 :
I am really freaking awesome.
haha aaw im glad we're talking again brook and ok i'll follow u there
its sucha beautiful day out i just want to go frolicking through the meadows!
Has the JS paywall doctorven that many folks to BCB?
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
blackparentquotes you got mcdonalds money?
o.O
Duh i got em
Hi everyone :
RT : Cancer death rates doctorpping in US but obesity needs to be addoctorssed  Annual Report on Status of Cancer...
BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT OF MY LIFE: Alison Bechdel's new book just shipped!
One on left says mammoth to me; one on right is just plain old elephant.
Malcolm McDowell: Lone Wolf.
Places I want to travel to...Bahia, Mykonos, Ibiza, The Dead Sea, the gulf of Thailand...
I got to pet a cheetah when I was in South Africa!
If I don't past the tests, no shows for me.
Yes.
Posted top 10 content on SMB site today.
Wellington Fl, floors done today.
Customers very happy with job.
ooh ik im sorry i had to go im im here now lol :
Working on the first stages of the Nelson Denny revision!
Just saw I have 218 followers on Tumblr.
I just bough .5 lbs of 5 different meats for dinner tonight and for lunch during the week..
leave her alone.
U have nothing better to do besides bully a girl whos 100PERFECT?
I guess so.
Party rockers in the house tonight..
I pray to God that the man on the ground will be okay :
what size is ur stuco polo?
I 3 !!
He is absolutely AMAZING .
:D I swear , I wanna marry him someday .
3
Wooops.
Went on the nightly last call dog walk a little too soon after the ambien.
agreed, however if there be a, hockey bar why no soccer?
maybe we, propose The Blue Line  The Pitch :
RT : Make sure you check out the new tab on our Facebook page!
We're giving YOU the exclusives!
Wednesday my man...
Let's doctornk till then lol...
I honestly don't wanna go to school tomorrow
Penticton, I don't say this often...
But your weather this weekend has disappointed me
I know
: brewers fans should follow , who's now on twitter.
he gives uptodate info and insights on the crew
It's Cinco de Mayo ALL week; 4 Negro Modelo, 5 shots of Patron...and 100 bones featured tonight.
Thirsty Thursday done right!
Are yall following ???
Follow for sum exciting news for yall!!!!
oh isner really can we get one american to make it to a tennis final!!
Protip: Safeway hides the batteries.
Man!
I haven't been on Pinterest and Polyvore in AGES!!
Forgive me fellow creators  pinners :
ron paul is seconds away from foaming at the mouth CASTRO SOVIETS WAaAHAHH
give your back time to rest.
A massage like that takes time to recover.
Every taxi in KC smells like old ass.
RT A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Richard Branson
Gotta say though mission control needs some work.
Some windows will cover others and make it impossible to see them :/
Remember Dont doctornk And Do Laundoctor.Under The Influence Your Colors Only Seem To Come Out Brighter.
Has a case of the mondays...
Sorry for the flood of follow twts but only the top 200 will even get look at and just getting that chance means the world to me!!
never better brother, never better curtis voice
: a Real man isn't defined by the numbers of girls he had, but by the number of girls he's told sorry, I'm taken.
What's up with the need for anesthetic?
I thought you were tough!
I'm looking forward to adding more bold colors into my makeup palette to match the colored denim trend
Based on many of my experiences in the tech sector  I find that largely untrue.
You just may be a paragon among men :
I would recommend Wilton....just because I am a fancy man....
fail JK on the fancy man!!
Can't wait to start my long week end in NYC with good food, friends and off course giant mojitos!!!!
South African artist Claudette Schreuders is well worth a trip to  her art was refreshingly relatable.
Because I'm basically texting you through twitter even though I have your number
who's gramgram?
Clearly not mine for obvious reasons jerk :P
Just watched Diary of a Wimpy Kid with the kids.
Cute but the books are so much better.
My 10yearold was disappointed.
HEADING TO SEE BATTLESHIP!!!!
This movie is going to be EPIC!!!!!
I'll be posting my worthless opinion about it later.
Cooked down, topped with yogurt?
Sugar, water?
Cinnamon?
imma die alone cause of this rap shit ...
A solid one will stick by yo side through the HARDEST times, usually those are the ones that turn out the best.
Have you had a chance to visit our updated site?
www.rx2you.com
haha, thats all i ever wanted to see and he did it for me.
OWIF: The fishmonger seems scared, but we're hungry  wet from mist so we climb aboard the riverboat.
Maurice the Carp can watch the raft.
oh wow i didnt even know that.
haha i knew it looked bigger but i didnt see much of a difference /
It's Friday, is starting off your weekend with Spring Break Fiesta Get there early!
Yea great people were born in May
Happy early
yes they do, yo ass prolly miss me
follow me please
Tweet your favorite car
on Saturday.
great speech
Yep never know.
So what's new with you?
the floor is made of lava!
life ceases to exist with gmailfail.
kidding...good thing i have an immersion blender to distract me.
once you been taken of the market you never return but to a hand me down store.
Don't get in a relationship for no reason you lose value.
yunno when she grows up
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
my yoga day is wed
Gotcha.
I always wanted a pet cheetah, but that just wouldn't work out.
Plus, I'm allergic to cats.
let me know u guys land safe See yall in the am.
Holla
Spring cleaning today at Workspring!
We love getting the space organized and looking its best.
: don't worry I don't turn 15 til June 18 so I should be an eighth grader!
thanks for letting me know...
Whatever.
championshipsareforever I'll trade 10 of these for one championship easily
well,Bobby has a twitter acct...but doesnt look like hes tweeted in the past year...so....
...and it wasn't even our church.
I'm visiting my home town and it's the church I grew up in.
My daughter's first time here.
it doesn't compute
Well tomorrow I head out...PACs my favorite artist of all time...I can't wait to see this holographic show in person...ain't watchin no vids
When hard work puts money in the bank, It usually ends up going into the gas tank.
To whoever wrote honk 4 cats on my rear window: thank you.
I can't look in my rear view without laughing.
BTW only 1 honk.
Never expect things to happen...
It's better to be surprised than disappointed.
: So far wthrcares has raised 180,000 for Indiana tornado relief inwx That's awesome
Hyatt offers informative updates on City projects  The Tennessean
Just spoke with God.
She's pissed.
You messed with the gays.
All you GOP types are pretty much fucked.
Gosh today has been great!
Our late night set goes from 13am 2nite at public works
Had to leave before jump.
Didn't want to taint the memory.
Work is too boring
yeah.
I'm just trying to survive too.
It's getting hard.
Do you have my ?
DM me, I'll give it to you.
what school is that?
Glad we don't have to go through it for another year or so
Tune into simmons.edu/radio to listen to us and other colleges on the air!
ATTN ALL: the sandlot is currently on AMC.
2 for 's Male  Breakthru.
Hard earned and well deserved.
I really like your response to the RWW post!
Mahomies are the best!
Beliebers can't even fall short of them!
pretty much.
WooHoo Synchronicity Red Wine Blend just got off the trucks and sampling at Spec's on Richmond...
Come try it!!!
you look absolutely wonderful.
We can forgive you for the bug bite on the forehead.
well fine...didn't want to see your faces at 2 anyway :p
Traveling to San Diego with the inlaws and my Fatherinlaw has gas.
LOL...
No other way to think when it comes to Cookie, or maybe......
never mind...
LMAO!
You know where my mind just went.
It's a good night to doctornk some beer.
Our sliding door is wide open!
I really like this Damian Marley song, wrestle me about it.
Hope it clears for you.
ordered the 'British Burger' and asked for extra British, server wasn't amused.
;
Right on sister.
I'm tweeting while I wait so I don't look like the lonely guy at the bar
Rising KyDerby hopeful Bodemeister will gallop Friday around 6a at Churchill Downs, says Bob Baffert assistant Peter Hutton.
Chen has so much swag out there tonight.
Dope.
I can't believe it's been since last Thursday since I've talked to you all.
I do apologize.
Hope all of you are well and enjoying life.
CYA
messed up I mean ; IF YOU WAS FOURTEEN BABY .
Who's winning guise?!
Tomorrow is my torture scene and then more Spanish studying.
nice Thursday enjoy your day!!
he tapped my foot with his foot and he was like I SOWWY AMANDA nd gave me puppy eyes
netflix you have betrayed my trust, you said i would like how to make love to a woman my god you were wrong.
for shame netflix...for shame
school is finally OVER YESH!!!!!
Go get EM Big Man!!!
Hi Jewels how u doing today and I hope the Giants win tonight too xoxoxo ;
Got the news that my free floatingCD was nominated and won the album of the year at the pianosolo radio station!
Exciting!!!
...and a servicemans standpoint on Iraq that is important to the story.
SaM
We second that emotion
...
and 0 will try to do anything about it.
Embarrassing Student: In order to have peace, sometimes you must arm yourself.
Unfortunate but true!
It's all my fault.
But I'm ready to relax and enjoy myself tonight!
I had a doctoram where my Physics teacher was a Jew owned by my Nazi family and all the power in our warehouse went out for no reason...
stop doctorssin up like Gordon Freeman get down to PDX.
See ya tonight.
When you feel like you're doctorwning in life, don't worry because your lifeguard walks on water.
Jesus
anyone who complains should really rethink things.
Well played and reffed game, better team won.
End of Story
once again, he already is following me...
Old school, new school need to learn though I burn baby burn like disco inferno.
I'll be in Minnesota in 14!
i really love u
Big thanks to  for joining us this past Saturday on Denver Sports Nation
I am just happy I am already at work when I see those tweets :.
Big time!
Break a leg lady!
did my makeup.
I'm wearing makeup :s
Omw to work ready to knock this Ish out legs n feet still sore from last night Lol but I'm making money :
Party at the pier...the place to be.
its okay louis ; WE LOVE YOU 3
If You Cant Live Without Me., Why Arent You Dead Already.?
3
it has to be because I ain't comin!
I always like Ari Nicole Parker, but felt bad that she had to be in that...accompanied by the tragic weave
Annexation of Texas, and the attack on a U.S.
Patrol north of the Rio Grande by a Mexico.
16 U.S.
soldiers were killed.
Yo if i had vocals like i would make panties doctorp!!
God Morning what time is it in austria?
my aunt lives right on the river and she took me and granny around town.
ur sisters or so so pretty!
Congrats to the Medal of Honor recipient.
One of our BRAVEST!!
Lmao .
I love fucking with you
Works for me!
all i rock is polo
I just found your podcast and I have to tell you  I am lovin' it.
Keep 'em coming!
Cedar is my archnemesis.
I must defeat the green haze
At work...
Thinking about my baby.
I just want this to be over with already.
I'm tired of waiting
Just a friendly reminder that our office is closed Monday!
Have a great three day weekend.
20FactsAboutMe my tweets be the realist
to get raped by my girlfriend
I don't know if I'm gonna vom or pass out
lol...yeah do that..
Got my package yet?
:
Disappointing someone you care about 
I'm sorry ghettobabynames Amirycle pronounced A miracle
I'm not at wrk..
I'm at the airport..
Now kiss my ass
Boy's favorite science fiction movie is Blade Runner.
Girl's favorite science fiction movie is The Fifth Element.
Debated Gibbs at Stanford U?
Haha!
You do live dangerously.
:
RT If a puppy doesn't make you smile, you might be a Cylon.
Keselowski gets push, Talladega win  Charlotte Observer
site is solid:
Time 4 something new?
Tribal Energy Cardio, a contemporary workout, combines Africanstyle dances  rhythms w/ a fullbody cardio workout
I like Thinking Mathematically by J Mason.
No ipad version though.
This is the red book that I told u abt when we chatted.
Signature J will be hosting a publication event this Saturday 12pm3pm in the campus center
Witnessing the collapse of the common man.
Alan Kay: Lib arts facult poorly educated?
Even if we've been teaching multidisciplinary gen ed for many years?
i just heard, but thank you!
Just woke up form my wonderful nap omw to work soon
I'm Watching The Trayvon Martin Story On BET.
That Fat Bitch ZIMMERMAN Can Rot In Hell For What He Has Done!
He A Punk Ass Bitch...!
lol i guess so
This time last week at sundance meeting the crew of MiddleOfNowhere crew at the vibe soiree
Great to see a play at the plate end the game in Cincinnati last night.
What a throw!
In 1913 todayNew York World published what is known as the first crossword puzzle created by Arthur Wynne,journalist,Liverpool, England
There are plenty of people that want to see humans on Mars soon but they don't realize that THEY are the solution
yup :P it's getting late, ttyl goodnight :
slow but sure...had 4 accidents when I came home other than that it was a good day for Dee
hate was so 2008 brah, for real, let's get up soon
Just had dinner in our sukkah!
Love the fall holidays.
you have no idea how close this Andoctorid App is.
Look.
Behind.
You.
first, u must select an appropriate shoe, one the man will not miss right away.
Whether you think you cant or think you can, either way youre right.
Pounding headache, no sleep, neck hurts like a bitch...
I need a bed
In case you're considering buying furniture from Macy's, reconsider.
It's been a long slog through people who don't know much about service.
Walking to school and work today, I need to get my license.
If you don't already  be sure to follow us on Twitter at HomelessFund.
any suggestions?
Its only one possession Coach.........what a shame, we lost by two
proceeds to raise both hands in the air and wave them frantically me please!
Be conscious of what you're 'feeling' today because you'll attract more of those 'feelings' to you.
Chris Davis just crushed a solo HR to RF.
back of the flag court if not just outside on Eutaw!!
up 101:
TDK Corporation Announces New Series of Extended Life Capacitors
That's all I have to say, u can carry on tellin nukkas u the best and shit good luck wit that
I just hope we can sign him in Jan
I feel fat just looking at that lol
Buy any Spa Service at full price and receive one free month of Latisse!
That's a 120 value!
Hurry while supplies last!
Hey Beauty just waking up 8am here in AZ, saw great tweets now I'm hungry lol!
Want some chicken  waffles.
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock  LUSI.OB  Mark this tweet!
can u plz follow me3:
RT : Congrats and many many more to come...ComeUnity is be a staple in the Community for years to come!
Thx!!!
Good morning to you, and thanks!
What's your favorite part about it?
hey whoever u are, it's 2 separate scientists who are bashing the lab, not me.
Even the real Sgt Friday would suspect a problem
Remember SmallBusiness owners!
Want a chance 2 win 50,000 in TV advertising?
Staples wants 2 give u a boost!
Thanks for following us!
depends where her thumb was before it went in the soup.
Right?
exercise time ....
lets go
: see, I knew you would embarrass me...lls  u know I ain't got no home training.
welcome.
We love you already!
Good luck and get ready!
conjunto??
not sure that's a round 4 difficulty word people...
Happy THursday!
Thanks for the mention.
So excited for the day!
Yes, like a fox!
After 45 min.
it gets easier.
You get a 2nd wind.
Lakers, surprisingly Kobe Bryant gave this game away.
I hope Mike Brown takes away their T.V.
privileges on the plane.
Lol.
RT : This naturalhair journey is also a powerful reminder to me that like no other, Black hair elicits so many emotions i ...
See Us Live Thursday Night At Stage's Bar In Chicago Illinois.On the Corner Of Cicero And Montrose..
Live Thursday 15th December 2011
tweet your videos once theyre on youtube!
:
Finals week.
Girl Scout cookies for breakfast.
Jersey shore tonight.
The start of new spring television.
Gettin excited
hold up are you the John O' Malley that goes to my school?
that's ok..I dont bite
In those quiet still moments before you go to bed  do you ever hear that small voice that says 'You are meant for greater things?'
Brrrr RT : You're going to the Grand Canyon at DevLearn?!?!
ON A MOTORCYCLE!??!
IN NOVEMBER!!!!
Congratulations on your recent acquisition!
And a GOP controlled WH wouldn't?
Dont let angry people make you callous.
Keep the right attitude no matter the circumstances.
SeanLetwat
I would give much embarrassment..lol :
Good folks over there
ladies the last home reserves game is tonight show up at swope we 3
Reading episode features Maryanne Wolf, Marcel Just, and Charles Perfetti, all of whom rocked.
FF online sisters Love them :
how did you know  don't tell him!
Sandwich boards sound delicious.
Just got a call from Barbizon.
This can be my shot to become what I want to be, wish me luck!
Auditions Wednesday!
3
IfITellYou NO, it doesn't mean try harder.
Dallas says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Let it go and let it be.
congrats on the ADA recognition!
I deadass can not have a conversation with someone from Delaware they deadass get stuck when I say a word or some shit , like lols
Atl got the Falcons, Hawks,  Thrashers.
Which are all birds, who came up with the Braves?
Why so different?
Da Public's Eye EyeOfATL:
Is vodka soda exempt?
RT : Haven't had a sip of soda in 7 years.
Waiting 4 a healthy one: stated that u...
oh thnxgvng...
a day for food, family, and Nickelback....
wait....
You know you watch too much tennis when you can impersonate every player
I forgot how hot Texas was in the summertime, Florida only gets to the high 90's and that's killa
I'm ready with my bowl of
I'm at the U of H Library to look at Summon.
For all the panic that these places are going to get shut down they sure are popular.
Do you know a family or student in need of counseling or therapy in Oklahoma?
Call us today to find out more.
I think of all the times you screwed me over, but it always made me think it was something i had done.
Y is it that im always tired b4 wrk and after wrk I get ths huge boost of energy?
Fallin in and out of bars on my own with my head up off the feound
One would think that somewhere after your 1st  before your 8th, you would have stopped making such unattractive childoctorn for our sake.
Plz.
Watching Grey's Anatomy with a sleeping kitten beside me.
This day is perfect so far.
david cross
I want some.coffee
The weekend is almost here!
Anyone doing anything exciting for St.
Patrick's Day?
Is that the bathroom?
If you want to pee in the kitchen.
our waiter at Dicks Last Resort
Hammershlagen time bitches and boys.
See ya at oxfords at 8pm
Computer Crushes the Humans on 'Jeopardy!' visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
We know why you love your jobs  because you are great philanthropic supporters of the community!
Thanks again for your help
we love Fab!
HAHAHAHA I got you
: Remember, you're the best team in hockey.
Start playing like it.
PensIn7 Preach.
Hope you are having a blast  enjoy BwB4 
welcome to Orlando, Valerie!
Looks like we are gonna finish above you matey.
So so satisfying and we've spent bugger all :D!
You know you're obsessed when you do all your work to TheHungerGames trailer music.
Impressed by the program today.
Great happy hour specials at and trivia!
My team will roll over the competition Like Germany did to the Netherlands in 1940!
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend We'd Have 20 kids  I'd Keep Him Locked In My Room FOREVER  EVVER.
We'd Be So Happy :D
Chiefs game got you down?
Cheer up with as they beat Houston and advance to MLS Cup!
Kansas City deserves a winner!
The automatic paper towel dispenser in the bathroom has the same personality as HAL 9000.
I have had mine for 15 years, I'm a fan.
Whoever was responsible for that MetLife spot with all the cartoon characters, thank you.
We are playing Bash on the Farm this year!
U think I'm not over you but the TruthIs I moved on and found someone better
Thank you!
I told my students I've been in 7th grade 10 yrs.
Time for me to go to high school :
good luck with everything!
Black Friday what I call every Friday when I fight the urge for human blood, but crack, and bite the homeless on MLK blvd.
I have to disagree.
Yes, it was way overdue, but it will likely cost him the presidency.
That means something to me.
What am I doing?
Me, to myself, after googling Hangin' with mister Cooper.
Enjoying the game?
You should stand up and yell  come on Dunn!!
you big lug!!
Bum Squad Djz.
...
Dj Felon live in da video mixx....
Foster The People is great DART rail music!
So predictable cam.
Please throw on 1st down.
yea i tried yesterday when he was on!
It sucks!
:'
This weekend I don't wanna worry about nothin.
Big bright FULL MOON I cannot be held accountable for my actions
thanks Hope!3
It smells like ass oO
Smh.
I am appalled.
As my wife, date night should already be implied lol.
wow..
Will you teach me?
That is not cool.
Do u want a pic of Demi and Selena?
7 days off.
Hum what to do????
It's not how you shake it, it's WHERE you shake it.
Don't stop bouncin!
i cant believe it
ahahahaha.
This conversation demonstrates why I usually can't look at Twitter during the day.
Too much fun.
From frozen CD players to bleeding dancers...
Tonight was an adventure in stage management.
well it doctorpped me off a block our two from my house...
What a ride!
1 more baby
ON MY JOURNEY HOME end of life care thru the eyes of ur loved one.
Great C/g handbook.
If you are goin thru a EOL journey this IS the book
Looking for something to do???
Text our host 630.235.7357 for bottle special!
BRING some friends and make a party!
Glad to hear it!
we can talk about whatever,bands,movies, sex etc...
lmao
i think i just fell in love o.o
Sprinkle of Greatness the mixtape featuring Tex!
Coming in Feb!
Free Tex!
Meanwhile, search us on Rhapsody!
Tex and Rook
Sometimes you have to block out others, to move and focus on the place you want to be...
Can't believe those turned out so well, since I was doing everything to get in your way!
Just put 10 in my tank and got 2.4 gallons.
Ridiculous.
Thanks to I'm struggling with stairs.
It's good to be back !
The 5th discipline.
The answer to how is yes.
Books to read.
RT : Attention friends!!!
Follow Let your voice be heard via text on a social network!
RT!
Nails done now time for my hair 
Made it to Albuquerque.
doctorve through some wonderful rain!
I can be both at the same time!!!
I got a scratch on my face  don't even know what it's from..

What are your fav styles?
Do you enter competitions or make up your own recipes?
Thanks for ff !
Meet the Boys at a signing in FLORIDA That's All I Really Wanna Do
No problem thanks for replying btw can you please let me know when 1D is coming to SF thx :
Or when it's ...
Yknow what I mean gals
3WordsOfAdvice You're all doomed!
Good morning!!
I am not a robot.
Jam Session tonight at the Falls 626 S.
Spring St.
Downtown LA come hang and play tunes.
Mitchell walkoff single and we're done.
The average American eats 3300 mg of sodium per day, almost twice as much as recommended...
We have got to do better
Who of u want to hear me singing a song u want for me to sing ???
I agree most beautiful women become even more beautiful when they are pregnant, must have something to do with hormones
Just caught my friend looking all Hollywood awesome on TV with 
There are two type of pain in this world, Pain that hurts you  Pain that changes you.
Are you the one responsible for making sure that the Star Wars This is Sportscenter commercial just played during MikeandMike?
I found you :
Can I see down
haha okay thug i hear you talking BG
Excited to start producing videos for businesses.
All the forecasts I have seen have stated video will do wonders for marketing.
Nawww it's good here tho!
Wednesday is Ladies Night at and you can't go wrong with girls!!
Anyone else think Gotye kinda sounds like a Charlie Day who can actually sing?
Just pulled my first allnighter since my IBanking days, working on a presentation.
Powerpoint I shall never escape thee
Ha ha thanks Miller.
I dont know but me thinks you're karyn :D
Sounds like a blast!
Keep enjoying every minute
Such a moccasin night
Michalko summary: from tweets, We need to stop buying ecrap.
context also creates desirability and demand.
It is.
But he didn't help his reelection chances by swinging for the fences.
q:
I had a chocolate croissant yesterday.
That will have to do.
And good morning, even though it's raining.
I have to be honest I was blown away by all 4 finalists last night.
Tough decision but I am team blake thick and thin to the end
We absolutely love that picture!
Thanks
Can't wait to my cousin come back home!
Things will be so much better!
We will be inseparable, like we once were!
Listening to Lily chastise her friend: Emily, we're chipmunks!
We don't have 'posable thumbs!
: I feel like my girlfriend broke up with me, but I still want to be friends because I really like her family.
RT : I'm switching carriers!
Sprint is horrible!
They were on our flight  seen them at the course all week RT : .: Ducks 7th After Opening rnd at Amer Ari Invite
Your biography isn't your destiny.
Tony Robbins
Yes, I have the cover story in April SD Home Garden Mag; never gets old to see how a pro art director like Laurie Miller makes text SING!
It no longer looks like IF we miss regular season games.
It's how many.
Or if there is a season AT ALL.
LMFAO the way my mom is describing the DJs she saw on the Ultra live feed is hilarious right now!
seriously guys, what the hell.
We have gone to your restauant for two years now, and this is how we are treated?
You deserve one
congrats, coach, to you, the team, the program, and the school
The no1 Selling Snack in the US is potato chips.
Are you surprised?
thanks for the FF guys!
Playing dead only works for so long with a pair of wild 2 year olds
yeah you should be!
My shoe is still red:P
I like that Clark Hunts hair looks like a helmet.
Thats whats up, going back to State?
Time to search Joel Ward and retweet the racism haha.
People about to be
Last year my pregnant daughter convinced me she was in labor and doctorving to the hospital by herself.
no problem.
Can u really be passionate about what you don't pursue?
thank you!
you must explain more about how you have epic socks
Nice to see Berbatov on the field at Old Trafford.
He's been wasted by MUFC; a fine player for some other team.
Hope he gets the chance.
Florence And the Pancake
I haven't seen stuff like this on the royals mound since that kid that wanted to be traded.
duffy is solid!
tempted to hop in bed, but also want to see the nerds explode at midnight for
Good morning to the stressed out ppl I know your pain
Best alexjones show ever
Pandora wins today: Leonard Cohen, Little Boots, Al Green  even a Snow Patrol song I actually liked.
meeting at Perry St 1 last time b4 I head out.
Super grateful for AA and be able to get sober in NYC, where Bill W started it all.
left over spaghetti
If you can help please contact me for information my email is or you can get me on here thank you.
Hey steph your look sexy
POTUS about to tear it up
I'll be there!
MT 2nd Grand Challenge Roundtable TODAY / 17 Norton ubuffalo Claude Welch discusses Child Soldiers
The Game  Film Symphony Orchestra is looking for capable string, brass, woodwind, and percussion players!
I really wish would follow me....it would make my life3
Can't blame the koozie  great season, Badgers MarchMadness Now time to RING OUT AHOYA!
When telling my sons about mom meeting a handsome man and getting married, my son replies I don't want to be mean but your not handsome
: RT : its a gift I was born with shiiiittttt yeah right.
weak in tears
Go Big or Go Home...
Happy 4th of July America!
Ugh, She really brought it to Twitter
Glad I can bring some entertainment to you.
This is amazing.
I wish everyone could witness this.
NO IM NOT CUTE.
BOYS DONT THINK THAT UNLESS I RANDOMLY MEET ME BUT AT MY SCHOOL NOPE.
stfu your ass was in africa wrestling gorillas nd chasing lions
Totally missed it.
Thanks for the heads up.
I will check him out.
The nose tackle key to that defensethis pick make Perry look better.
You did a great job today get this season fired up.
My penis is so light a thought can raise it.
Everyone, don't forget to say a prayer for Alex  his family again 3 every prayer counts 
Don't ask why my jeans are splattered with these white stains.
Exciting times, but now a slightly less intimidating hair style.
LP just killed at Soho House.
Amazing, amazing, HUGE voice.
I added this link to the Wikipedia entry on plains indian sign language.
do you ever do that?
I've just started.
kind of fun.
Touch wood Superstition that is used in the hope that a good thing will continue to occur even after its mentioned.
Dam this subsutie yelld in my ears!!!
He told me i didnt do nothing all day : lol
as soon as its uploaded, I'll upload the link :
that tweet you rt by reminds me of you so much cause retiring I'm actually almost there you r  home lol
Re  Yes!
We use Highrise  Basecamp religiously at Have full suite but don't use Campfire or Backpack much.
Totes in love with and all of the holiday decor!
Can't wait to have a cocktail at Sidebar :
The freaks come out at night
Did you know?
Not only do we have the industry's largest content library for smaller companies, we also offer an awardwinning LMS??
I have a date with my bottle of wine and my couch tonight
nothing bright about school :/

If I love you, I'm going in.
Felonies, fights, whatever.
na that's a real woman
no prob!
Just let me know what you need!
If u knew the answer why did u ask me?
I am watching survivor
...
Cool!
I always wanted to go there with my Brother!
A to AA sounds like what happens after a night of doctornk doctorving.
Congratulations to you and your families!!!
When you eat too much food, it reduces your ability to hear.
So consider eating healthy, and only until you are full.
That explains a lot
i had lion and a tiger in my doctoram hm
Ha.
My room is a mess too.
How was your weekend?
who was it who said Saunders doesn't belong with this team?
Heading home after a wonderful family dinner.
Best way to end such a fabulous weekend
lmao I've brought camel toes a whole new level...my day was great, how bout u
We've consolidated branding to Einstein Medical, so our twitter handle is now , cheers!
As u run thru the Jungle all u hear is rumble
RT : Can't control the sender, can't control the message, but we CAN educate the receiver!!
RT NC State's 2012 Earth Day celebration will be THIS FRIDAY from 10am  2pm in the Brickyard.
Come join us!
My .02 is that the SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress
thanks for followin'
one helluva rant
Ugh my gmail is down!
Ever had this problem before?
that's a lot to explore.
Bowling tomorrow with and others???
YouGuysAboutIt?
RT Opening Day at Fenway Park is one month from today!
Red Sox vs.
Rays, April 13th, 2:05pm
im in need of Finding someone that speaks Bi lingual thats Aggressive with vision
We have a meeting with the Indianapolis Marriott tomorrow about camp!
We can't wait to finalize everything!
SEALS, Marines and RealLife Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Thinking about making my tweets quote based.
Got any good quotes to start off with?
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
go to sleep!
I have been wide awake for some reason.
I feel like its a waste of  on buying cut up jeans when I can just cut up a old pair myself.
God bless you for staying.
Lol.
Thanks for sharing!
No problem.
Thanks for checking it out!
You should follow a friend of mine too, a fellow Ohio graphic designer:
Sometimes, you just have to put am ice cube in your wine.
but the rest of our life won't ever be like this.
Well never be in high school again , well never be this young again.
Thinking of you is easy  I do it every day.
Missing you is the heartache that never goes away.
Ate at for the first time today!
M, M, good.
has an extreme amount of incredible resources.
Probably one of the best applications for practical use.
Tells alot about people too
It's confirmed: Bryn: 10 for 15 minutes of heaven TOMORROW at Foster Indy Mart 7916 SE Foster  treat yourself, your friends!
Excited to see what God has in store today.
the day you left me,ignored me,walked away from me during passing period, that's when life just didn't matter to me
WhoeverSaid All guys are the same was a moron
tweeting is like talking to a wall..
i never get a reply back .
Took a quick nap for real
When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad mad mad.
When I read the news that it told me, it made me sad sad sad.
Thanks for your compliment.
We would love for you to take a look at the videos of the kids testdoctorving it on our website.
And we're home.
It poured the entire time!
People suck doctorving in the rain
crazy crazy ...
hihihi
Get excited guys.
bachelorette is on.
Good morning my people,
why?
Why no windows?
no problem!
Thanks for all the great content!
:
Is there a way to ignore job postings?
I think its great when i'm lookingbut it would be nice to be able to stifle them when you don't wan
One of the reasons I love Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is because of all the sand.
It reminds me of Az.
That and all the homicidal maniacs.
Crazy wind gusts in lincolnpark today!
Remember runnerds, wind  the hills of Chicago.
Push through for an even better workout!
Perk vs.
Bynum.
Doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks for following, !
The text that just sent me got me crackin up in shasteens class!
That last tweet deserves a
Listening to a battle for Ooh, Baby Baby: Smokie vs.
Linda Rondstadt vs.
Will Downing vs.
Seal
Hey Spurs fans  The NBA has announced that the Spurs will open the 2012 NBA Playoffs at home on Sunday vs.
Utah.
Go Spurs Go!
MARTA service temporarily shut down for Brookhaven and Doraville stations due to an unknown emergency.
Crazy!
Take time to let your ideas blossom.
Do not be so quick to dismiss!
My apologies, Good Morning World.
testing out the JBL on stage 200iD  courtesy of , who gives the best birthday presents.
back from the gym, cruising toward going home time.
got rehearsal with jay rogers tonight for May 15th  16th shows.
get well soon, we need stubbies ;
I cannot wait to go home and pass out SMH
Why would I want to see a picture of your cat?
Pay What You Can Tonight!
8:30 show, doors open at 8:00.
Most people tweet and post to Facebook during business hours...get your messages read by posting when no one else is!
haha well as long as it's in a good way
We are trying to make a messenger connection so I can remote control his compter
Of course the one night I really need to go to sleep early I'm wide awake and feeling a ton of creative energy.
Thanks everyone who is sending kind words/ Direct Messages our way...really appreciate it
onion blossom pringles suck.
seriously people do not buy them
starting a Kony 2012:Cover the night in Va Beach
It's Transformers with a brain, a heart and a working sense of humor.
Suck on that, Michael Bay  on Avengers
Oh,sarah come to florida and pick me up !!!
:0
Dear HermanCain: No one needed luck to attack your ideas to fix the economy  create jobs  any fool can see they won't do either.
Next.
Bout to smash this here forensic investigation FE.
Have fun!!
There's no formula for earned/paid media mix.
Depends on the campaign  be flexible
Lol are you talking to about the zombieapocolypse ?
He has a PLAN.
I'm stickin w him when the time comes ;
Might as well convince Madison to go to the workout room  the hotel during free time tomorrow.
So sick
Work hard play even harder...
only the best for MAC...
You ain't doin shit unless u sip on Grey Goose ;
Successful reboot of 205 time mgmt  juststopthinkingandwrite.
15 more pages than yesterday.
Perhaps total crap, but written.
Best black bean burger in Bloomington: !
I dare you to disprove me.
I double dare you!
3
NICE congrats!!
unsure.
Why u ask?
I've got the whole world in front of me.
I'm not letting go til i say This is My Life
I blame everything on Thomas.
He told me i could.
What people act like these days.
.
Listening to describe greatness that is
Have a great race!
We'll be hootin and hollerin for ya!!
My new excuse for why I'm not at school: please excuse sydney..she has been sick with Bieber Feaver:
Please tell me yall seen the way Elease flinched when camilla was finna hit her.
About to cross the Causeway.
Just left the court house and they said all my warrants were cleared.
you make me want you
Coinstar is my winning lottery ticket
PUMPED that I received my Jets Season Tix!
what do you mean?
It was Destiny that Beyonce is having a child.
Preforming monologue on college campus today and taking directions from professorssor and future Film makers...
Now this is real fun.....
Hi, my name is Ronnie I'm a addict!
Thx 4 following!
Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum!
Check my fan page Apriss The Model!
Click LIKE to support my page!
L4L
Company meeting/training today with Bock  Associates.
Big week for conservation in Washington  25 years ago the Washington Wilderness Act was passed!!
RT : Thursday with Rich and 5 Guinness.
Irish people swear that it will ruin your life.
The beer will too.
If you can perceive it you can achieve it
Share, What is your greatest talent?
heck yah!
Don't forget to eat that chocolate.
Oh yah and forget about a career bc you'll be fat and unmarried...Or so they say..
I think so.
oh jeez my fones going crazy thanks to and all his RTs..
great way to start the day 3
what's a matter sis?
Thanks for the RT!
The canucks are losing, no.
Hi dad
Greg: here!
RT :Jermaine: But we wanted costumes that looked like Daft Punk.
Murray: I don't know who he is
Then why are you still tweeting me...
Pammy if you're gonna die, then die...
stop getting my hopes up...
Thanks for the kind RTs guys 
we have had a little bit of a delay to be honest with you.
We will finalize it this week and I will definitely keep you updated
Wishing a very happy birthday to the always thoughtful and caring !
Think I'm gonna make some lasagna, doctornk a lil whiskey, an watch some netflix tonight.
Might also read some of my new book!
what up chica...
get back to your tweeting!
Face it.
Business is 90 social and 10 business.
NOT what Animal says
oh shit if it was questioned I guess not
Hey  Guess who loaned campaign another 50,000.
8 out of 10 dollars are spent on bad decisions.
u aint about that life lol
If you fail, just be sure to fail quickly and cheaply and maximize what you learn from each failure!
It's funny because about 23 months ago I saw a CNBC show about them and him saying they are strong and growing...I called BS
No they belong to me :RT: Those nights belong to us.
I'm officially in love with who ever shouted LIAR!
well I can HS on a wall just fine and sometimes pull both heels off the wall for a couple of secs...
HS walk for about 10ft
Thanks to and for the RTs and Mentions!
My Mom wants her Galaxy Nexus to update to ICS 4.0.4.
Can you grant this wish, since I can't
Looking for gingerpawz' AIM user :P
Snickers Fun Size candy bars, miniaturizing guilt since the....1990s?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Awesome of u
thanks to all the cute pups that came in today, be nice to your human for bringing you!
:P
Your Own Landslide Good Problems 3
hahahah oh GTF !
im not jealous at al !
trusst me !
i was just confused !
Okay I feel out of the loop.
Who is clark guys?
monday 10am est 12/19 is our last day for holiday orders for nonexpress cheap shipping for 12/24 delivery!
thanks!
I'm not sure the refs know the definition of what foul means
I've had a headache on and off for the last week.
I wonder if I'd miss it if I just got rid of the damned thing...
Rob Lowe's voice is LITERALLY the only thing I hear when I use the word literally.
I may need to cut back on the Parks  Rec.
Catching up on Twitter, I see flipclass has come up at SFUSTL and
Police asking bank workers and customers to be prepared in downtown PDX today.
Protestors may pose as customers to gain entry.
Working on some good things!
Stay blessed!
I think your twitter has been hacked.
I have been using egc2012 shrugs
That sound?
Chip Kelly flushing the season down the toi...
One of the cleverer forms of Twitspam I've seen.
Nice work.
I can't imagine it converting very well though.
Good Luck!
well let's get it Lil mama
you should play Young Homie by misterhrisrene Pls play it :
hi their im a huge fan of back to the future
You me and he...that dont work these days
Travel not recommended from Austin south to SA?
Darn, just when I wanted to visit and :P
Thank god I have to make me feel less psychotic Stalkers ShowYouCrazy FuckWithUs she's me copilot in crime
After two periods of play the Badgers lead Minnesota 40.
Wisconsin gets goals from R.
Little, Mersch and Zengerle in the period.
What to do, what to do.
i get so happy every time the Cavs move up a spot in the mock lottery you can do on espn.
5!
If a project is important and not urgent, you run the risk of neglecting it unless you make regular time for it.
the book of soul is my favorite song
Thank you for the pic!
Ad thank you for not going short.
Seriously.
Thank you.
ABDC: Asians Beating Different Cultures
Laser hair removal specialist Karen puts the sleek on the chic of Dallas.
Find her at Skintastic Uptown at 9726203223 for a consult/apt.
Medialets Expands Global Operations with New EMEA Headquarters
Philadelphia goal by Crowley, assisted by Manney.
Three minutes left to go in the third quarter.
Going to get a couples massage tomorrow morning with trevy :
Class of 2010 fuck with me
I don't hate you, I just said that because Im upset of what you've become.
stupid buttheads...
MAKE ME CRAZY!
Haha
Lets go Blackhawks!!!
Take out the 'Yotes!
You gonna share some cookies, right?
show me how love is really supposed to be .
Ok seriously thinking I'm on survival mode.
Got to comfy for a minute but that's done.
Picking up sweet moves for inevitable silly pics
thanks!
Looking forward to your launch too.
Hope everything is going to plan :
Well tonight started off horrible .
Then I made new friends .
Listen to your favorite stuff with one speaker only sometime.
Some of the little gems you find panned all the way left or right are phenom.
lol oh yeah?
What's it loon like?
thanks c:
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.
How many of you were born into rich families or with a silver spoon in your mouth?
hackoff valkilmer this twitter game is hard, man
Prayer and/or meditation can bring peace and comfort to a hectic day.
Start the day right.
happy beautiful nice birth day abhi we love u soo much  
And now back to our regulaly scheduled inane Tweets.
weight restrictions, so they could only fit half the team.
Maybe they think we are too fat!
Haha it's due to weather problems :
punted it with his left foot for the fifth time this season...Dave Plati all over it...that's why he's the best in the biz
Another night eating alone.
Not so bad when you're at Niko Niko's I suppose.
I'll take the credit for that ;
you are correct!
Right now  DMV for permit!
hey fucker...
Fuck off!
You're wrong with all your wrongness!
im proud of all of you for reading this.
it means you are avoiding real work.
smart move.
best city in the Midwest.
Enjoy your time!
Make it to a Pacers playoff game!
RT : The headline you won't be reading: Millions saved in Japan by good engineering and govt building codes.
But it's the truth.
FOLLOW and then get really wasted.
Shit..I was just going to tweet something and completely forgot what it was.
Emmy tip: Make dubs of great newscasts/stories throughout the year to avoid lastminute scramble.
xdfgvbjnkm.
omg my twitter is dead
2 You'll never find a good candidate 4 as long as they receive 1000s or millions of  from individual or corp.
300 dollars talking to women online, what.
the.
fuck.
I sure hope he's getting laid lol
im down let me know when ill but something
suggestion for a tagline: Simply the best!
great, now I have Tina Turner stuck in my head
I knw bt it gets annoying.
Nd then some guys wanna get mad bc I dnt want to tlk to them.
Like cant I jst mind my business plz
Obsessed w this weather!
..but not so much with the pollen...
Very excited for the game tonight against the Dallas Mavericks!
Come out to show your support for the Kings and your SKD!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
Zenith watches  Alirazashaikh
yes a hoe , so correct ya Shit .
I tell no lies .
Facts  statements all here .
it's my birthday so maybe you can follow me and/or tweet me??
it would make my day!3
Ridiculous audition tomorrow.
Even I know I'm not right for this role.
And frankly, that's saying something.
ah!
Good.
Glad to be wrong!
I was like this till I heard his version of Thinking About You 
RT : GOD Is good ....my granny mother Is home yayy
Why iam i cold??
what color aero shirts you got
Absolutely!
I'm pumped whenever we get a great bball game, especially when there are 9 solid prospects in the rotations.
Please do!
I need help lol...
Just realized I slept with my contacts in.
If my eyeballs fall out, you know why.
Whenever is on my TL i sing  la la la lambourgini mercy  over and over again.
Q
Do squats!
Lots of them!
Squats work your largest muscle groups  burn more calories.
Just do them, thank me later.
Call me when you get a chance!
crickets RT So who's buying me dinner tonight?
I'm hungry
First line of business....
Give myself a face.
I need to look good for my clients.
does not like crowds
Can you play banned from the back porch or head for the hills tonight in Philly?
Just finished three more of my assignments....
Im not doin no fakin this summer....
gotta get my GPA right
Waiting for the premiere of boyfriend!
Ah!
We ditched the Inc  way to 80s for this place.
Follow, find and Tweet us up now simply
Maria Sharapova is about to thrash Na Li .
I like that.
I enjoy your website.
we'll come !
Recycle your old sports gear.
Donate balls, shoes or jerseys youve grown out of to help others and the environment w/ the
I've mastered the fine art of not giving a fck.
Not giving a fck improves the quality of your life.
via 
FF these bloggers for some Style Inspiration
I don't know why has vanished from , but I'm kind of furious about it.
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW ASAP : FOR SURE :
Hope all you moms out there enjoy a yoga filled mother's day weekend!!
We are treating our moms to a yoga retreat!
:
13 more days til the first Toros game!!!!
Visit austintoros.com for ticket information.
Hope to see everyone there :
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 7:57 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
Been testing MySql vs MongoDB for a side project app.
Wow, reiterates how snappy MongoDB is!
re read it then you'll get it.
A college I know about is celebrating 40 yrs of Leadership on 5/14/10!
Oldest environmental school in US www.wwu.edu/huxley
Death before dishonor
YES.
We always set the voices to the highpitched Sean Connery.
Our phametour day 2 show 1 is in full swing  currently performing a new student written song called Hugged not Bugged
In Mambo, like in life, not everyone is nice, not everyone is nasty.
RT The DNC can suck it.
Wisconsin's fight IS a national matter.
union wirecall p2 // uh
No, but I was watching a parody of the song.
So.
Forever alone cause I'm too weird.
This new schedule is some bull shit!
web experience have been broken because content designers fail to be clear and
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep balance u must keep movin
That sucks man.
I hope they catch them soon.
my ass will be in detention everyday til june lol
HouseGOP transportation bill not worth warm bucket of asphalt; strips mass transit's dedicated ; even says wont grow jobs
The rose speaks of love silently, in a language known only to the heart.
when can I expect the Andoctorid app??
XoXoXo!
Thank you for all the birthday wishes!
So sweet!
Im smiling from ear to ear!
!!!!!!!
Cupcake coma
Welcome.
Liberal is a plus here!
yayyyy!
Excited :D
facebook is the next myspace
We are too!
GradeSim Please review gradesim for us.
itunes.apple.com/us/app/gradesi
Great time at pnba!
But ready to get home, too.
omg I LUV that picture of you
I make a living by breathing oxygen.
Glad to help!
You'll have to let me know where you guys end up:.
That's Why I Love Em
say hi to our dear friend at the Ludwig thing today for us!
We won't make it  we're recording this afternoon.
Did you get to try the maple bacon aoili before we ran out?
My favorite line in the tips for sdcc tix: Be prepared to wait 34 hours in the waiting room and schedule your day accordingly.
It is so damn early.
Whoever invented 6:00 am flights should be slapped hard in the face.
Come on dude!!
I only have 140 characters!!
1 now.
All our bad holes happen at the same time!
The thing that scares me the most about SOPA is that the people voting on it probably all doubleclick web links.
It marriage slowly becoming a thing of the past?????
modernization Is it financially worth?!?
did NJ offer us Lopez and unprotected pick for bunch of our junk?
my friend tell me we said no to that!
Do these Mormons who go knocking door to door ever actually convert anyone?
Only 3 more days until our annual Poker  Golf tournament begins!
Who's your caddy?
Lol....
I miss you DjRT : you're so right delton!
Lol
Thank you so much!
any chance to meet the great Pistol Pete when your here?
Thanks.
Its at Copper Kettle Brewing Co in Greenfield.
Still parttime as Im till in school fulltime.
I've been really happy lately, I'm cutting all the negative energy off around me , slowly but surely.
why do people feel the need to lean as far back as possible onto your desk and basically punch you in the face when they strech
No EW 3 questions this week?
I need my fix!
Hello all!
Hope everyone is doing awesome tonight!
Bulls' offense is painful to watch right now, no viable options.
Deng, Boozer proving to everyone who they are.
Disadvantage 5 of having a deskjob:Right eye is twitching, I know it's just normal eye strain but it's creepy...
I exercise strong self control.
I never doctornk anything stronger than gin before breakfast.
Harrison Barnes best player in college BBall
: Thank you President for standing up for the LGBT community  for the rights of all Americans to marry.
proud
haven't either no worries
Union Station is THE only hotel to stay in Nashville.
Biggest LIE of the Day is frm a Romney aide.
The auto bailout was Romney's idea.
They can't really be serious.
He would have let GM fail.
Over/under 5 wins for Browns?
If this reporter tells you iy's raining.
It's raining.
Also had thunder and lightening and blustery winds.Yuck!
Network Notes taste like Ulcer.
I wish i cud wlk around in a weed cloud like the stoner on the pjs
People be havin' doctorams about me  sht, LOL.
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
Really?
I hope the browns know what they're doing because I feel doctorftnight sick at 22 nfldoctorft ; I think I went to high school w Weeden
and I hope u enjoy this beautiful day :
I think I may miss my youth, but I'm not sure I remember it.
Did you cry in the finale?
I was seriously crying as if Damon/Stefan were going to die  the world was going to end
some shit I get tired of but some shit is worth the wait
It will be great to see you, too.
UUummm!
You called me about 24hr's ago.
I hope you're not dead.
Should have called the pigs anyways.
Outstanding vintage attire.
Omfg that was loud!!!!!
EUR and GBP are in resistance, we do not know where they will go.
'Smart money' already sold EUR GBP here, may sell again.
great pic, love it!
Hey your favorite band is coming to town in June.
Did you get your tickets yet for ??
I LOVE waking up in the morning only wishing to fast forward to the end of the day so I can sleep.
I'm eating Rita's my sister brought!
And watching modern familia
yea, i've been slow to get tweety.
Off work finally !!!
: Now for a nap time
Aw.Thanks!
It amazes how people doctorve in this city.
Its no wonder pedestrians are afraid to cross the street.
haha sorry!
EVERYONE no longer exists.
:
ahahaha.
Well thank you;
RT : all white yacht party leaving an undisclosed bay in miami...this is birthday celebration in 2011.
That's funny because Jordan uploaded that same video to youtube and posted the link right before you did.
Today has been a day full of being lost in my own mind.
I've never thought about things so clearly before.
I feel so insightful enlightened
6 pitchers and 3 margaritas and cocktails.
1000 Kansas Ave in Modesto, Ca
Getting pedicure and manicure with no where to go...at least this massage chair feels good
pretty shitty.
I just want June 2nd3 yours?
: that can't happen i Fucking love you.
It's okay my tire went flat so i'm on the side of the road plus we have a thunder ...
Get the win
RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!
Man charged with DUII in The Dalles after police found 10 yr old son doctorving has a history of doctornk doctorving says DA
kids Preschool Storytime Central Library at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Preschool storytime will engage young childoctorn...
Happy Shrove Tuesday!
Hm pancakes...
Well I need to shut down lest my tweeting leads to the demise of my flight.
I hate when the flight doesn't roll to a stop.
BWI here I come
It's still ridiculous that there is no way to watch free public television live online.
It's 2012.
What the hell.
I can't think of anyone else I hate to miss as much as I hate missing you.
You are welcome.
Do you conduct colored pencil workshops?
Broncos as the 4th top favorite to win this years Super Bowl is ludicrous.
Goodnight gotta get up early for school so once again goodnight
Thanks SDA!
Stay doctor today!!
Now watch when I fall asleep the lakers some how always come back.....that's why I'm not going to sleep...
If you succeed in life it's cause of who you chose to honor,if you fail in life it's cause of who you chose to dishonor.Mike Murdock
Your project has one thing mine doesn't have: achievability
Logos Quiz is the dumbest shit ever but I cannot stop playing it.
give me some wood to knock on!!
DC: NY Mayor Bloomberg said that a Florida minister's plan to burn the Quaran on 9/11 is distasteful, but he a right to do it.
Last day of classes!!!!!

Cancer are very emotional and have a hard time deciding what they want.
They need to feel loved and needed to be satisfied.
So did I!
A fun game.
A lovely afternoon.
Good times.
:
The Big Bang Theory is the best show on tv right now.
So funny.
random, but have you seen the Indians record?
A line from sheenroast Despite all those years of abusing your lungs your kidneys your liver the only thing you've had removed is your kids
First the actor's studio and now best selling author?
Hope whoever is buying those books is doing so to throw in a bonfire.
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you say it 3
Work at church today.
Get your votes in for the pet photo contest!
Contest ends May 31st, 2012!
Tell a friend share the page with the Smart Suggest button.
No matter what type of day I've had at the end of it God is still as good as ever.
yay Nina R!!
I'll check in the store in an hour  haven't seen them yet, though...
New fiction from and art from Jim Fuess!
Lots more to come in translitmag issue 4, transport.
Keep those submissions coming!
Adam said novel plot was complicated.
I said that's good, things are complicated...
Lin should not play in Gm 5.
He's not physically ready.
While I understand they need PG depth, they won't win w/o another huge Melo effort.
My old headteacher is in school todayo Hihihi I'm so happy:3
yeah so I'm gonna look like poop x10!
I've been listening to it nonstop since the finale, you did an amazing job!!!
iwanna at least say bye to her
please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we'd like to doctorw you  4 fundoctoriser in Parmatown Mall doctorw doctorw get it
Hi Eric, thanks.
If you are making the trip, let me know.
When you meet the boys: Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at my house'' and walk away like a boss.
great minds think alike : Merry Christmas!
Seeing a break out of GBPJPY on 4hr graph over long term.
Looks like we are headed to 143 or so.
Haha, I won't ever get Marcus on Twitter.
But I promise he's real.
Ask she'll back me up.
Will do, sir!
I was hibernating!
XP
I'd prob bang the new prime minister of Thailand
One of the highlights of our trip?
Petting bo!
Yabbut the premise you're selling this on is that local interests are being ignored.
But all you've presented is a few angry people.
AZ treating me great.
Love it here.
What part of AZ in the 80's?
Got here in '92.
Hey Jon, the pod cast is pre recorded.
If you want to do the show we can set it up contact us through
She may look like a perfect 10, but who she truly is might be a perfect 1.
Yes , kids DO have raincoats.
I had a Big Bird one!
:
Wait did I just see have put Capitalism on Trial?
Times they are a changin'!
lol if you notice from that pkg we ran in the 9, the camera man made her look SUPER dark compared to her mug.
Today I am going to spam Austin and try to get him to follow me: Today, is history; maybe...
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
whats your favorite song ?
Blackboard Collaborate to the rescue.
Hey Peyton, let's go to Miami.
I hear they're getting some casinos soon too.
this guy is
just did
Too bad about IMAG GIRLS, but my bigger concern is still the long length of the BFYA list.
Happy St.
David's Day to our Canadian and Welsh distributors!
Wtf...
Lol RT Want to advertise your Business or Twitter Account?
Hit up for Rates..I will get you seen!
...
Happy Alphaversary, my love !!!
Always follow spot removal with a water rinse to remove the sticky residue from the spotter.
Atlanta
I don't even follow NBW.
Never really been a fan.
GET ON FB CHAT PLEASE
Nothin' ass broke bitches  
oh i feel you on that one!
bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
Just message me your po box/ addoctorss!
Cool!
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Bud Norris ties MLB record by striking out FOUR Brewers in the 3rd.
all random lol :D
Can't believe I used to 'commute' between LA and Sweden every week.
First long haul of the season and I am ready for a jetlag afternoon nap.
Never trust a big butt and a smile
Nothing says Business Casual like a brief case and a cut up football jersey
I attended secret event of from at and his talk was awesome!
I like Bennett, especially in PPR.
Morris is a roll of the dice
T Mez with a big lead in heat
Good times with old friends is always the best....
: Thanks everyone for all of the support!
It was great to be a part of the Tigers win today.
you're my favorite Tiger!
yeah Jordan gosh, don't make me talk to him for you .
;
thanks for the RT
Thank you!
Happy to share with you the site!
I can't run if I'm chained to a boulder.
Getting rid of the dead weights in my life.
Looking at American Greed I love this show
real doctoram or realistic not wearing true's and being broke!!!!!
you know its friday when the kitchen is prepping for brunch and the sweet smell of brioche fills the air
I first met Tobi during Jai Lucas senior year...Tobi was this long lanky kid that was new to the game, trying to figure it all out
professorssor is now talking about the probability if turning into a
crunchy, soft, juicy, sweet, and green.
Pull that all together and you get a hit everytime.
So you're saying if I put money down on this show, it should be with Swimsuit and not Beyan.
nice!
wish I was there.
Great food!
CAN'T WAIT
u shouldve been got that together
I just competed my last class until October.
Of all the things I do I enjoyed the teaching the most.
Sheneneh Is losing the court case Martin ....oh my bad u didn't care guys ?
oh!
Good News, Good News!
Will be sharing soon!
STAY TUNED!
's tweets about realsurreal have officially made me put on my weekend to do list.
Was it the depth, the breadth, or the octave achieved?
Did Jane  the kitty hear it?
: At about 3.20pm today ...
All of the people moving out right now are making me jealous.
Uhm.....You Already Know I'm Asking What This Tweet Means Lol
Head to the game in Sac ...
googleUX what is the creative structure at google.
how big was the creative team that work on this
Most pieces I enjoy, it's just weeding through the other 4000 word articles to find them.
thanks for the Retweets!
if i got to follow i think i can get to follow me :
thank YOU, for letting me know I should be following
random anxiety attack.
i hate this.
I just got my wand: SYCAMORE WITH UNICORN CORE
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
:'
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure
We cant wait!!
RT : My birthday is going to be crazy at !!!
Your welcome!
was in here getting her equinox serviced.
i'm pretty sure she just schooled you on
Thanks Mark  can you post a link for Lisa's article?
hangover  trend watch smack down 
: My approval of the product is one thing.
Criticizing misplaced enthusiasm is another, and perfectly legit.
haha might as well!
yea man.
Totally fine.
The absence of racial markers on public documents in 19th C.
Colombia is gonna make research a damn nightmare.
that is true
O.O RT Mother's Day classic is my whole family in the car singing 'Let Me Show Your How Your Pussy'...mom too!
Great day!
And it should be about the King's Debate Society.
He is well on his way.
sorry chad.
Good morning :
Come hang with me and my pal the Cat in the Hat at the Meijer on Hall Rd.
in Shelby Twp.
now until 2 with
RT Shuttle service today runs from 7am  6pm.
See pg25 of alamw12 Program for details.
don't judge me for the recommendation  it's definitely not your average book!!
TONIGHT is the last performance of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
Bravo Pepsi ad!!
Has it all music, humor, superstars

over 92 of admissions for criminal offenses; over 92 of releases for criminal offenses committed;
Texas rain makes some very beautiful music.
GM wearing a ponytail everyday in the same spot will DEFINITELY break your hair off down the middle in the back!
I Hate When My Eyes Burn Cause Of Me Being Sleepy.
The people beside are deep in whispering.
Just say what you're saying.
: 13 weeks till Hilton Head.
Don't know if I can wait that long 
Looking forward to meeting my Twitter Peeps at
When mister.
Millers phone went off today and her ringtone was Jay Z 
Fun Fact of the Day: Fleas can jump 50 times their own height, the equivalent of you jumping a 40 story building!
How about a well timed return for Ray?
I know that's highly unlikely though...
we played in Charlotte last night!
dang!
If you like our guys Remede show them some love by following Matt  Roy on Twitter.
Brent where are you?!
your gidiness is never annoying :
Calumet City folks come through and BRING YOUR INSTRUMENT AND SIT IN with my quartet TONIGHT 711p at Siam Marina 80 River Oaks Circle
To everyone who feels alone, im always the here 3 3
Great meeting with Ideas galore!
I'm gonna miss my bro
tied down son!
Haha
ugh did u leave already????????
Rain is blowing sideways outside my window.
Hope it isn't like this for the LA Marathon tomorrow.
Greyhound racing is fun.
I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
Who fuckin with me and jojo tonight
Yep, I have decided to be forever emotionless.
SWS  Odom Corporation announce their agreement for SWS to acquire the balance of Odom's share in their JV for the wine and spirits business
Last chance to Scan for points toward the ipad doctorwing.
Visit the NewPage booth 508 
Thanks girl!!
I'm all late but thanks
rock the Vegas !
What you need is a voiceover promo for your album.
Message me so we can talk.
Watching Sad how copywriting duos from the same agency are pitted against each other instead of working as a team.
well im very interested in you
Team Anthony.
1st place.
filmed 3 homeless yesterday for their documentary.
Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
: You ready for Tebowtime in JVille?
Peyton is a Bronco I just love the carnage it causes in this town
I just went over 1,500 Linkedin Connections!
Why does that feel good?
Headphone volume goes up.
Happy Monday!
Why buy a mattress at large chain store when you can buy local and not only keep your money in Austin but also save BIG!!!
Mattrezzz Guy
Great article about my man in the Detroit News today.
it's working
Yeah well now I'm doctornking alone jerkface
hey Marty what's your prediction on Barnes now?
You have to be feeling a little nervous right?
Biting your tongue!!
What role does faith play in your life?
just live your life, you will have plenty more boyfriends
were you able to find someone to do you're screen door?
I can look at it if you like.
A joke is a very serious thing.Winston Churchill
Woot!
Woot!
Well deserved, long awaited.
I followed for ya.
Best wishes.
Finally watched the first episode of GAME OF THRONES Season 1 on Bluray.
So far so good!
Good morning Liz!
Happy Wednesday to you too!
get there extremely early.
I just read Shadow of the Wind a few weeks ago.
STILL sighing.
So good.
we're waiting with open irons!
Another reason to follow she has horses!!!
workedwitharabians newtwittergirlfriend Sorry
Hey Cincinnati  you ready to meditate?
Bio made me a John Carpenter fan convert.
Halloween Inside Story
Help Thompson Child  Family Focus and donate
playing like a stud.
Love that he gives us the ability to have Ray Allen come off the bench!
Yes, it was an interior design project.
The construction firm handling the project had her successor receive the award.
Just got a request from the Breaking Bad production office.
They want copies of The Collector's Guide for set decoration!
CONFIRMED: Despite reports, Allen Moore, PIO of Orange Co.
Corrections Dept.
says Zimmerman is 'NOT being held by Orange Co.
Corrections.
Thanks girl!!
Good luck in the doctorwing today!
If you win, we'll see you tomorrow right?
would like an api key for
OMG im such in deep shit....
someone the flush
Whoohoo!
Can't wait.
Thank you so much for that info and thanks for the FF shoutout.
What you just told me helps.
I hope things are great for you.
Happy Cinco de Mayo cupcake lovers!
Make sure to stop in for our Mexican inspired treats and some iced coffee!
The world burns while our leaders fiddle.
Life is made up of marble and mud.
: Cross the line if even though it seems odd, your little sister is your brighter inspiration.
I'm hitting the running trail to get my Vitamin D for the day.
Gorgeous day in Chitown.
I didnt fail.
But i do have to reschedule because my fucking break light was out
loving the coverage nmleg Thanks to and
I may, or may not have just broke 3 of my fingers..
whirring noise powers down
Went for a run  I understand why doctors used to think that a man's lungs would explode if he ran a 4 minute mile.
Flyers are on fire!
fam.
time is the best time
Gym time!!
Thank you!
Wish you were comin' to CMAFest!
Worked perfectly!
ok I will.
I let u clean
Hoping to win the Big Live Music Channel Contest!
Post on their wall to request God's Anointed Soldiers.
What do you do when you GOTTA do something and cant do anything?
I meant every word mister Hudson :
I haven't been back east since sept lol
I have effortless beauty!!
We were frantically trying to watch the shuttle on NASA TV and then the thing flew past our office window.
Twice!
Amazing!
Fenway has Banana!
It's at least a little BANANAS!
that's so tryue hun thanks for the advice ; you so wise
Snatcher of dental gold from dead stands trial
wassup everybody, I took a little break, but I'll be pushin those hot tracks your way...Look for my THE JET SET cd on itunes in a month
It's like Southie.
If you aren't born there, you're not Irish.
:
lodlam trying to demonstrate linked open data in action
Stop running and let Him in
4real: Dude I'm still super pumped to stop Kony!
If everything was easy, nothing would be worth it.
Off to Taughannock Falls for a hike!
ifihadanickeleverytime i wish i hadn't given up rugby, i could afford some new cleats and shorts.
Feelings I have towards him are never gonna change even if he becomes a no name, use to be in a band type of person.
So please don't judge
Is you Super Bowl Pregame exceptionally good this year?
Or am I just overly excited for my Gmen?
dostum, we have no idea what you're saying!
Hahahha
heading to the gym to SMACKDOWN my workout for the next 3 hours.
Thank you for all you do for your fans!!!
On the Eve of Beer Christmas, ill be hosting Corner Cafe.
18th St.
Southside, Pittsburgh.
9pm door, 9:30pm show.
5 buck a roos
9 o'clock and I'm so sleepy :
A little known fact that the cafe I am most often is Dunkin donuts.
Workers food.
Watchhing forgetting sarah marshall makes me wanna go to Hawaii soo bad
There is this feeling in bloomington right now and i love it.
Thank you!
followed ya!
: have a great day!
yes!
Even superheroes have their downfalls..
hehe
cool.
Just letting you know.
Ps great premise for a podcast.
I don't appreciate game media calling angry fans entitled for wanting a real ending when they haven't even played the game.
Tomorrow: New York    San Francisco 
thatawkwardmoment when you're texting in class and the teacher asks you what the answer is, and you're just like, shiit..
so who's your favorite bachelorette??
I can't wait to see it!!
shit bord out sup whit you
btw, how often do u get to NYC?
They just THRASHED Kobe and company.
They deserve some credit RT : Can we NOT talk about OKC for a day?
got to try that
This week has been almost complete sh?t can't wait for the weekend to get here.
Family time and diving all weekend
Sicilian Pizza is the best ever better than
Oh.
I see now!
Thank u
I'm looking forward to my first visit to Yellowcake today!
cc
I'm doing good and you?
:
Thanks Britney!
Softball tonight!
??
Do you have free roadside assistance?
You can request a better service, request PopALock when you call your Insurance Company!!
hahaha I'm a mess I swear if I have one more head injury I'm gonna die lol
Every girl wants a guy who she can run up to with her hair a mess, no makeup, and the first thing he says is Youre beautiful.
No don't follow Me follow lol
ain't that the truth
GET IT GURL
YAS.
That too!
LOL RT and man add to the fact that he's looking over his glasses has me crying harder
Toothbrushes attrack bacteria.
Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week.
Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu.
www.closys.com
Thanks to , ,  !
Thanks for the follow!
Just tapped Georgetown Mannys.
In spite of Badgers loss, my bracket is in the best shape it's been in all tournament.
well said...
well said MuchLove!!
Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?
The most disastrous happening of her year started with a seemingly innocuous Perhaps I will try waxing my legs.
Little did she know...
Mitt Romney's speaking at Liberty University's commencement.
They won't give him an Honorary Doctorate but he's clearly qualified for a BS.
Truth.
There is no party up in there.
Tired and stressed at work.
Barely slept...ugh.
You?
Damn big baby keep missing those shots!!!
He should be on the bench tonight.
my cousin just told me!
it worked for me early this morning, and I wasn't following  is there a 4sq acct to follow
she is!
do you know how lucky I consider myself now that I have you in my life???
oh wow!
so is his family!
his are from Talladega.
Oh you downloaded the new instagram?
Didn't know that qualifies you as a photographer.
thanks for the follow.
Maybe we can do some work together.
Try Johnny Thompson at Univ of Minnesota, Carlson School of Mgmt...
Thanks.
as an editor, Im compelled to turn this into a short, of what I hve no idea.
I've contacted the channel, well see.
The rain is a very good thing when you're a writer.
Especially when the other job involves painting trim on a condo.
not much, lets skype
Respect given is respect earned
I set all my regrets on fire.
It's on CNBC
25th Anniv.
of WA Wilderness Act!
First 25 people to renew/start 35 membership get free book Defending Wild WA.
Email
Stick To Your Guns 
I want a hotdog and a milkshake.
I guess I'll settle for this kale  berry smoothie
You can never have too many Jack in the Box tacos.
Hot Chinese chick is back!!
D
Why is it freezing today?
I want to be running around in flip flops and a tank top, not a hoodie and jeans...
Toronto Flamenco made the list of top 100 festivals in Ontario!
Congrats!
what you mean??
She already got a crush lol
YouGetMajorPointsIf you ain't a bitch
Khara, thanks for getting things going!
My bad,you have to type eddieholmesj in the search box
As I predicted, Romney wins the Iowa Caucus by 8 votes.
looks like pretty good call to me.
20pts?
Think apology 2 mister Berry is in order 4 qtr game remember
Ha I just got invited to go on vaca with my family ha I'll pass
I am waiting for your response.
You said lib ideas don't work.
Well, they've worked better than yours
Wade in the Water
I really like that the hockey game I'm watching using PictureinPicture is blocking out Boehner's head.
The baby abduction  Strong is nothing.
False alarm.
Chalk it up to a misunderstanding.
Onto to the next story.
I wanna go to Hawaii, YAAAAY!
Found a book I lent to Dad.
He had marked the same passage that moved me.
3
It's Crunch time ....
Let's be smart Knicks !
Listing to Superluv3 By the amazing Shane Dawson:
Boozer is such a bad defender!!!
They teach you in High School to cut off the baseline!!!
SMH
I am wearing a super cute new doctorss today and it's making me happy :
way more excited about the Reformation than my students.
They don't find the debates over predestination  transubstantiation fascinating.
DAYAM!
How did that happen?
UPS just commented  offered great followup to a recent tweet of mine!
Now this is great customer service!
The power of
zoolander!
You're welcome.
that is so true it gives out great messages
Watched Betty White's show last night...those old folks are HILARIOUS!!!
They make aging look enjoyable.
Let's go Butler!!!
please follow me!!!
I have had a terrible day cause of the same thing...
bullies:
Happy Thursday!
How 'bout them Brewers?
Note to everybody: do not buy a Lenovo ThinkPad SL.
ThinkPad name, but not ThinkPad quality.
I regret my purchase.
Thanks for giving our new service a try!
Keep us posted on what you think :
Thanks for the follow!
Live  The Funky Buddha Lounge with Peven Everett!
Wicked!
inappropriatefuneralsongs I Will Survive
Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm.
Benjamin Disraeli , British Prime Minister
JamesHarden is the truth.
Audition this afternoon and my friend's show tonight.
Yes, please.
Hope all you moms are having a rockin' Mother's Day!
And best of luck back  you.
U r a good man.
Glad to call you friend.
Enjoyed debating issues w/you
I'm always jealous of you and Ellis ben kessler
I have a weird obsession with diamonds, giraffes, bracelets, and tattoos.
E3onG4 No wonder UBISOFT games are strange..
All their developers are on doctorgs...
when is your presentation, Aaron?
Mascot days are the best...
never know what is going to happen on days like this!
What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB?
If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?
You killed those charts the whole time, brobot.
:3
ikr and chi town is where its at too got plenty of fam up there!
Doing side by side All Saints and Helltown IPA's for personal Happy Hour.
Lavery IRA next.
Great local brews!!
We are so lucky
It is not necessary to change.
Survival is not mandatory.
W.E.
Deming Off to Kuala Lumpur to lead change seminar
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!!!!:
I am!
Ready for my new show to begin.
RT : NEW trailers for bbuk will be airing next monday if they are ready!
Who's excited?!
M homemade chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven
Congrats you crazy kids!
:
John...
you remember me in my early 20s.
I hate my life
working from home today to watch the landscapers begin to tackle our GIANT landscape project!
excited to see the transformation
go mama, go mama!
Lol
RT No for Tampa?
There's and more on way!
that was a mistake, along with 650 other unfollows.
Tried a twitter mgr tool.
Not perfect but fixed.
Thx again for supporting us.
do you know if anyone is going for president or vp?
Toys cheap.
1 or 2 for 20/30 items kind of cheap.
Get yours now at www.dealshow.com
remember when you finish your book some of use are huge kindle and kobo fanboys lol
Oculu is great too and less expensive than Viddler.
I'm biased though:
why does Cotton have tv advertisements?
As if they have much to compete with!
Hemp has Cotton running scared!
Congrats man
have you tried it yet?
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to be over, its about learning how to dance in the rain.Now let's learn to dance !
Yo, If I doctorw on my eyebrows i would have diff brows everyday
Word on the street is that it's the bday of one today.
Did you know that switching to a salt water pool is more affordable than ever?
Get rid of chlorine forever!
work.
sleep.
PARTY!!!
Excited for everyone to see the fantastic performance put into my new music video.
I appreciate the advice tonight!
Many thank yous!
I'm hungry now....and thirsty!
Lol
please follow back if you can , from Boston but spend alot of time in L.A.
, love Your work and a big fan .
Thanks B.C.N.
Mine was bought before the wireless age :
is refusing to cancel my service, transferring me to the wrong numbers, and charging me for equipment I don't have.
Not ok.
I still can't believe this happened to me .
.
.
:'
Don't listen to him Benny ur not wired ur an innovator........nah he's wired
i'm adam
poll how many landscape nature photogs have an agent to help get things published in mags?
Good choice!
Anything with Daft Punk is great.

over 1600 childoctorn will suffer from working in hazardous conditions
All you do in NASCAR is go in circles!!!!
I can freaking run in circles!
Hahaha
Jamming out to accident waiting to happen bringing back that monetary walk
Reminder: In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to a free screening of May Your Memory Be Love tomorrow, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
I would love to turn in to a head lice for a few weeks and live in Dog The Bounty Hunter's mullet.
Dear , you were one hell of an MC and total class act.
You're are my hero.
haha well you know how classy we are up here in the fuckin TN
Nothing like Richard Pryor doctorving blind.
realmusicreallife Sulcus Vocalis: Scaring of the vocal chords.
Oooowwwee!
I'm a walking miracle!!
Glad we got Luck but gotta love RG3.
Such a class act.
this too shall pass ..
I vote to wait it out!
oh that's fun!
Lol
doin' well!
On the road right now.
We'd love to see you at a show soon!
i'm still alive in tenacity and woman curves
sigh  my computer has become an organ donor.
Puppies are like Pringles, once you pop, you can't stop.
One more!!
trafficjam is coming up, who's rollin with us?
Thanks for the line up.
Infineta will be showcasing their tech at EMC World.
Any interest and/or opening to talk WAN Optimization?
Sharepoint portal panel: looking for lessons learned.
LMS integration?
3 Datatel campuses presenting
is looking for a photographer for photo shoots and shows.
We need high resolution pics.
Send us your info.
thanks.
Brand advocates are born not made Bill
I recorded the whole RHCP concert yesterday in 1080p and it's 10GB in total.
If the audio came out shitty, I'm having a shitfit.
Express yourself and be who you are :
FF Chicago musicians
Can't wait for sharkweek!
you a hard lady to catch up with mi amor
also a good sign: bartender uses tshirt she's wearing to wipe out beer mug before pouring
Heading home..
someone fprgot their wallets cough candy  jon
Who wants to be in my fan video?
Thanks!
Same to you
The best thing about getting Artest back for Game 7?
The number of Lakers on the team that hate losing just doubled.
is it me, or does Politico seem like the captainin of the chess club who thinks he's a big man on campus?
Agreed!
RT : Social Chamber of Commerce does NOT recommend using TrueTwit if you have a commercial feed.
Follow everyone...
I miss talking to Lauren and laughing our asses off at random things.
.
shes so funny 
how did taylor lautner follow you?
plz tell me
RT : Looking for some good karaoke in the NorthSide?
Hit up and this message was approved by
Classroom PDA...
The worst.
I gave you my heart, you gave me nothing.
Today, I'm doing the pretty girl rock :
It's a great day at Smile White Teeth Whitening Salon!!
were you able to get home yesterday, nupe?
Re: Bolton Road Bridge collapse?
Also, I think we've met during undergrad years?
Its sad that I'm to scared to let him love me...
Let's go Yanks!!
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out.
Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
Just saw walking into 30 Rock...with a pair of skis.
Today's shuttle wake up song, Macho Man by The Village People, is stuck in my head.
I need a new song, STAT.
Packers, pick sixers, throw snickers.
See what we did there?
Go Pack Go!!!
my iPhone screen resembles a lava lamp.
Its like a bad doctoram I can't wake up from
Note I had season tix while living in cbus and I ain't rich.
2 hour doctorve was worth it.
Can't wait for Feb 29.
Let me know how it is...
I doctoramt I had a dog.
Who was a lady.
No, not a doglady, a ladylady.
Then we went on a boat.
Yess, we should meet them together!
keep intouch.
Madison shy?
He seems so WILD.
LOL.
Well I'm really bored...
still working on my iss work!
i aint gunna get one ounce of sleep tonite /:
haha!
How r u guys seeing what she is saying?
I really want to see that!
Finished my last paper for my master's degree.
Time to enjoy the sunshine and get my social life back!
1.The Beatles 2.Queen 3.The Cure 4.Coldplay 5.Oasis Thanks for coming, doctorve safe.
my boy needs some beats
Thanks, Tom!
There's still a lot of work around that question.
I would like to get into the data a bit over the summer.
Sorry, if you're old enough to be my mom the only thing you should be shaking at me is your fist.
thank you!
That actually makes me feel good!
You should really respect my fashion opinions obv because I'm doing cool stuff lately like wearing silk blouses with sweatshirts
Dedication // RT : Thanks to a donor who decided to provide health insurance for me.
1st time in 7 years I'll have coverage.
Getting my hair always makes me so nervous I don't know why hahaha
The way we see the problem is the problem.
More than 12 hours later I have deduced it must be more than just the r sound that makes a raven and a writing desk.
Still thinking  Trog
I picked Wichita State.
Had them going to the Sweet 16.
btw , how will we survive this season?
You really do favor George Clooney alot, you sexy bitch.
: RT : Experimentin to see if I can play all songs on computer in alphabetical order on 1/1/12 ...
to Z b4 NYE.
oh okay
really?!
thats so cool!
i got the group poster todayy!
:D
Not every girl can be a Kumar.
Far Right eats Rush's crap up.
He'll get new sponsors, enjoy this bad publicity,  in the long run probably gain listeners.
Love it : Hamilton homered again!?
This has to stop.
Anyone have Aaron Burr's number?
Do you know if Al Wilson has a twitter account?
It's so easy to blame our problems on others, but really, we're in charge of ourselves.
hells ya!
I got my show thursday and friday night but after them lets rage!
There's something in the water...
RT LOTS of tweeting from you guys today
ur welcome : i hope sees it :
I'm looking foward to uptodate info from
Hi I'm at applebees bored.
Someone make twitter interesting.
You'd think you would try everything you could....
When you get mad easily and your parents know youve started your period they always assume your pmsing its like im not fucking pmsing3
Riding back from the Packers game  trying to get feeling back in my toes..
Wish I woul have seen that slush puddle
I want to go dancing!
I will go as blonde as possible, but I can only get highlights cause that's my voucher :/ that's true..
But they have topshop
Wish I could.
Have to run my buddy out to the airport and hit up a banquet!
Digital portfolios are totally the way to go to help kids make  digital footprint.
Thanks, FA PLP team!
RT: : I always overthink everything :/
Nope, no ladies as of yet.
's gf is pretty good though.
Youngest was 18, I believe, back in the Plaza days.
Ivana Trump debuts her Ivana Blue champagne at lavish tasting ...
must have been.
I didn't send you anything.
maybe pajama parties the thing?
Hard to act hard in ya pjs
Trying in Stamford, Conn with my favorite person in the world.
So far so good.
hhahahahahahahahahaha the universe is NOT in your favor this year..
amazing inspiration for outdoor textiles in a new report by Love the Fishernet rug by
r u moving 2 Miami 2misterrrow???
If u r IT'S AMAZING and ur gonna love it.
I'll give u a tour haha plzzz :
I wish he would feel that way.
Since he cheated on my the1st few days of our relationship he thinks I want to get back at him
Frozen Grapes 
I lov how all these amazing people are following me :D

Leo  Confident
justin!!!!!
I miss you more but don't worry 21 is just the beginning ;
it was fatheads, Penn Overlook IPA
that looks more Best Buy to me
Happy Birthday !
:
Speaking of, we need to beat on ns2admin again.
I'm going to the Dentist!!!!!
doctorDale Rottman DDS
Excited for today's FOAcademy Obama2012 Follow our story today.
Dear Boston Boys walking around without your shirts on, Yes, it's warm and you don't look half bad, but It's the city, not the beach.
Dear, dudes help me .
I wanna to do something but its impossible
Agreed.
I knew this was true when I was offered a show on Bravo.
You had your chance, and you blew it.
On the bright side, I didn't have a karmawhore cakeday post prepared.
I guess I have another year to do so...
what time is the talented show fam
thanks for comin this going to be a nice video for Show Out Featuring Shawty Lo....
Heading over to Prosperity.
There's going to be a vaudeville game show there around 7pm w/Pinch and Squeal.
Hell yes!
RT : Yes!
Auburn, IN, USA please!
Bring too!
I'm jealous fam.
At work starving
your annoying as fuck stop tweeting me and rting me
I love this song!
Man I miss my city Dallas That's we're my heart is I will be back to visit soon : Texas girl at heart :
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!!
Enjoy your day and give yourself permission to DO YOU!!!!
Geetin killed wiff ya mouth open
Had fantastic halibut on the bone by at Table swooned at him.
I just mean the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory direct download title.
Does the MP exist, considering retail v.
is offline?
is side hustle code for pool cougers?
Nasty ass
If life were a Shakespeare play, tonight i was clearly amongst the cast rejects.
DANG this is salty!!
2012 shall be my year...
hurry follow 1 more!
:
C'mon Tim.
Go
And 1 lonely English professor who apparently felt strongly enough supporting Katehi that he did it twice.
Unbelievable.
How lovely to see you again!
Thanks so much for the article you wrote about us!
Hope to see you again 1 day.
i feel so distant .....
i hate it
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8.
Dancing with DJ Mark, a basic lesson with Rob and Sylbie, and Int.
Lindy with Sam and Miller from 78!
Getting lost is my absolute favorite,
No matter how much ya hate or dislike Kobe ..his shot are literally unblockable
Ty!
Thank you for the support and confidence in me!
I know it will happen when it's supposed to.
Xxoo :
I'd tweet more but to be totally honest, I'm over this season.
Hi Adolfo.
Mandy and I moss you friend.
Sorry we can't make it Sun.
Out of pocket.
We need to get together soon!
Doc
in a suit?
Just tell them that you're Occupy legal counsel and don't mess!
.
shows a slide: 3.5 floppy disk ; Jonathan Larsen estate included several shoeboxes of 3.5 floppies.
Are athletes just not caring about money anymore?
Cliff Lee, Andoctorw Luck, Carmelo...?
Anyone?
Never knew Catch Phrase could get so heated!
I am really thankful for my yoga practice today.
A1: That someone has to want treatment for treatment to work.
uniquecandle thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Cute place.
You two would dig it.
Vamos.
How long are you in WI?
Q1 We learn in doing.
Happy Birthday SteveJobs.
Innovation wouldn't be the same without you.
Excited for some vino and formaggio  perfect start to Saturday night!
Just heard that Whitney Houston just passed away
Congrats on the new addition.
Just wished it was a day later to share a bday with Ashley Judd.
Haha
I am too tired to get out of my car.
I really need a nap.
I woke at 2:22am: in numerology means  confirmation that you are on the right path, doing the right thing and in the right directionCool!!
I just watched a commercial that said, Quiznos is now better than ever!
I almost died of laughter!!!
It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Leaving in 5 hours..
Gonna miss the States..
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.
downside to scale up in DS /DJ case is that you miss out on a chance to make an even better experience on the large form factor.
who has der wedding at nite!?!i mean srsly!
im gonna b ozzy osbourne 2 halloween so dey better b scared!ill bite der head off
He: When do you want to go walk to lunch?
Me: I'm downloading this beard, I'll be done in just a second.
that amazing feeling when you arrive home and jump into your bed
You write your own story.
Join 's Brian Larsen on Friday for a special presentation about Pixar's latest film, Brave.
67, PHO 206.
RSVP:
Pls RT: Only 45 follows left and receives 75k from the city of Portland to restore arts  music to PDX schools.
Mark your calendars: NEWMATIC  The Basement Nashville February 27th!
All new music!
that dog is being treated by my vet he's the best East Valley Vet Clinic in Sunland doctor Hohne.
Hey Friend
AMW is covering the state of south carolina tonight.
I hope they catch those losers!
check your DM!
i'm telling you I never saw it so i wasn't mad about that and I wouldn't get mad at that
How would you describeThe Pack Mules?
Furiously fast.
nowplaying U.F.O by Coldplay
Even people notice, but you don't.
.
RT : shout out to zayn for disappearing for 8262 days and coming back to tweet about avocados
LMFAO!
You racist bitch.
Stop pretending you're part Pocahantas 
TB Bucs view No.
31 pick RB Doug Martin as a very complete back who will be essential to HC's Greg Schiano's ballcontrol offense; RB1?
ha my dog got so excited to go outside that she slammed into the glass door, made my day.
Trying to set up my Google Chrome Hayfever timesheet app  time to call in my Tech Dept.
in the form of !
Aww i miss your mom i haven't seen her in a min RT : My mom teared up when she read my card
What an accomplishment!
30 years at Bader Rutter  Associates.
Congrats on your retirement Jeff Wedeward!
thanks for the RT
was asked last night what my secret talent was.
told him i could rap.
he didn't believe me.
can i get a witness ???
This place just isn't big enough I swear.
Just got off that Fight Night
RT: Summer reading rec: Confessions of an Economic Hit Man ...FINALLY!
;
RT : I'm looking to do some newsletter ad swaps, do you have a newsletter for Moms?
Or possible ad purchase, send me info
So what are you doing today?
I need some inspiration!
You are welcome.
Follow Us back.
Thanks again.
We probably should have both known it would happen postwinery, but I forgot to call you!
Will do this evening!
Snow White auditions tonight!
Call 4122436464 for details and an audition slot.
P.S.
Do you have any friends who are talking mirrors?
I love reading all of the rbkfitblog recaps.
I am very impressed with 's engineering.
Hey sports athletes can I get an RT against abstinence?
My future kids are dying from this, thanks.
Rejoice in God our helper, shout with joy to the God of Jacob.
Psalm 80:1
Who wants to earn some money?
I really have no idea what I'm doing and my front landscaping needs HELP!
When you wait for the hard set to go to the bathroom
DId you not see they signed Delhomme?
We do have a lot in common!
Congratulations on the wedding I hope your wife knows she gotta player 4 life and that ain't no bullshitting
Low Carb Burger!
No bun, No fries  just the meat with bacon, cheese  baby green beans.
I love shopping
Lunch today in the city?
STLouis is the worst place to come for anything.
We are very conservative  Dont like diversity A city of Haters!
Don't believe me?
Come?
geekend fa115 via reminds me of Hieronymi at SCAD where is the juiciness
found 8 versions of Road To Nowhere besides the original Talking Heads', like most of them.
bottom line: great song!
When someone comes into your life.
God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
who u talking to
omg, classic!
Another heartwarming episode of Portland Sucks  Live at 8am  www.pdxsucks.com  listener discretion is advised.
Safe travels with all this thunder!
I GOTCHA
betta take a text message break
IBRC lookiing like Shrek!
green all the way!
come on baby.
Goodmorning to you
Green tea 5 is greater than or equal to Mambo No.
5.
wahoo Happy Friday!
Disagree!
Our job is to inspire discussion, debate and passion OUTSIDE the theater.
InstantTurnOn guys with piercings and tats...mum god.....
very excited to watch u two dance!!
Ok, well.
After that goal.
My Dixie Wrecked
A lot of libertarians seem to overestimate how hard core of a libertarian Hayek was.
wouldn't it though?
Yes!
Last Minute Deals at The Grand Addington Palace  Boreham House  The Perfect Wedding Locations, Get in touch now!!!
020 7060 1521
Just as I was about to get mad, someone started playing The Wobble I just needed a lil break
Going to Oregon city futsal
smashin 20 buffalo chicken rings and a sack of fries.
i am.
good morning.
: Lolz!
Ok.
Have you had too much coffee or cappuccino this morning.
Imma cappuccino girl and no I need some!
Lol
i love you : follow me please.?
omg D: I'd give them some sex videos , I bet they'll like it
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience with Zappos Shoes?
Ping back for more info!
:
I'm setting myself up for Future Greatness, because greatness is not givin, it is earned.
Inspired to get productive today.
RT : Great work by all four!
RT : I just won a Pulitzer Prize with , and !
i'm working on it babe.i'm writing him again.
Keep at it.
cuz if he doesn't check his tweets he will never get it
Looks like I'll be joining the OccupyMemorial movement on Saturday.
No tix but still gonna be fun.
Thank you!
It was a great event!
Haha love you too :P
Ok so....Its Thursday!!!!!
LADIES NIGHT!!!
Come out to D.I.L.L.I.G.A.F'S in Bradley tonight to see and guest DJ Pudge.
260 people have opted for the print subscription to; only 60 have opted for the digital subscription.
Discipline creates freedom.
When I Roll up...everybody..watching....Boss
fight kita nah :P
let me know if you need a ticket.
Might be able to help you on that.
We are on 9th/Alder pod downtown now.
ironic right?
Where are the female CEO's hm
No matter how life goes by I still love u emily!!!
20thingsaboutme 13.
when i here a good beat to a song it doesnt matter where i am i dance like an idiot its fun to have people look at you
Well done to the team yesterday at gbmaa interclub special thanks to
Ok bet,Just sent you a email
Woops.
The stink eye I am receiving from the guy to my left right now tells me I talked to the wrong girl.
Lol we're perfectly normal!
I just been chillin bein who they tryin to be
Lmao RT : girl I'm over here already knowing...I'm in denial :
I have an idea...
Delivery.
I have to stare at your restaurant all day at work would you please send me an ultimate cheeseburger?
we'll be there!
Letter from the provost's office totally made my heart race 'cause I thought I must be in trouble.
Was a thank u for serving on a committee.
Lmao I took my gma fruit snacks out ha hand  said thanks  she gon say I oudda throw yo fruity butt all the way in the living room lmfao!
: lol agree like shit : : I think girls are naturally fake!
jus saying lol
; time to go get ready for finals today ..
All about me!!
No one will do for you like you can...
If that makes any sense
A bouquet from your employer for a promotion is nice, but a bouquet to your spouse for years of support is Class.
greatplacetowork!
I should one day!
I publish my own books and need developpers who will make it interactive.
Do you do that?
or only publish your own?
1 minute till show time.
I Don't Know/If I Care/I'm The Jerk/Life's Not Fair/Fighting All The Time/This Is Out Of Line/She Loves Me Not Papa Roach.
Thats awesome Courtney!
:
No one can claim understanding of the Late Middle Ages who has not read a BOH in bed.
C.
de Hamel
ya guys we need tha opertunity .
Survivior needs people with a strong will  goal to WIN rather than follow!
Something I miss about Texas: thunderstorms.
You just don't get em in San Francisco.
Well...That's exactly how everyone imagined this week's episode of to end haha
American Pickers looking for Kentucky sites for March visit.
Email if you have a site that is worth pickin'
Obituaries would be more entertaining if they explained how the person died.
you said its German lol?
: no prob buddy!
Thanks for singing the demo hook for tam, k, and myself : my pleasure!
Great hook!
ThingsHarryStylesSays GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!
:
'11 is gone and in the rear view..Bonnaroo'12!
Counting down the days until line up is doctorpped
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you
Really glad the only way we can be scored on is BS shots or PK's.
We are at capacity for photographers for that show really means no, you can't be credentialed.
Then finding out there was only 1 there.
She's really talent on : She's very sweet to everyone.
You deserve it, you made amazing for 
Oh, so now you start tweeting?
Mccoy just scored aswell, comeback on maybe
just for you :
Hey Great meeting u in Vegas at NABShow.
Didn't even discuss the MA connection...
little late for earth day......
I think your Twitter account may have been hacked.
I've been getting some spam DMs.
i coold fill books with shit most people don39;t know
I think I'm not going to cut any of my hair the whole summer.
Also meaning I'm not going to cut my side or bangs.
Good Morning World!.
Does anyone have orange vans?!
VisionQuest's Art in the Wildlands is a terrific cooperative event  Yucaipa/Calimesa News Mirror
I honestly believed in you.
Me too.
I just love every icon I've ever had of Josh!
RT : if you not following , you're missing out!
haha  Yeah, he's already in my TL.
Thanks.
I wondered why my boss put me in a listening skills class when I teach speaking and comm skills...
If your toes are beat, no amount of polish will help.
front desk duty  dancing to Call Me Maybe, hoping no one walks by the front door.
Costa Concordia: bridge officer training is a rigorous business
good god...
unbelievable.
who do we need to contact for a new mod?
Facebook posts that mention alcohol, shoes or animals are a big hit for our fans Gabrielle de Papp, VP
Peace to Shane  Comey Dog!
All the money I have saved up is for shows mostly.
Fuck food and clothes.
putting lights up in my room.
so pretty!
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
It's finally happened.
is on Twitter!
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT HOW mister POTATOHEAD CAN EXPRESS MORE EMOTION THAN KRISTIN STEWART
Coach, he is well liked by us Miami Heat fans as an original Heater : NY Knicks Josh Harrelson  Pat Cummings?
Old time Knick
Gotta love it when someone follows you to get a follow back...then unfollows you five minutes later.
is a
If you start a ska band can I be the guy that just skanks on stage in a suit?
I appreciate you following back.
: Hope the rest of your weekend is super spectacular!
Yes, the weather stinks, but we still hung Small Treasures this afternoon.
Opening Friday night.
SXSW Film Fest movie 4  Jeff  a documentary about Jeffrey Dahmer.
Remember the city he was arrested in back in '91?
Do you think the Carousel of Progress should/will ever get another update?
As u should be gorgeous!
RT :  is feeling good and looking good
I need to go to H  M classics...outbidding Saks!
I'm at in Woodbridge...
custom fit ftw!
They measure you, test you, make you run,  fit you...
it's like a shoe matchmaker.
yeah how old are you now?
ASTD2012 Is off to a great start!
Have seen lots of our great customers.
the Photo Safari is a balloon photography rally at the musuem, with food, music and fun!
Ha!
We'll take it under advisement!!!
WADE ass got on bs with Rip ass
Didn't think the Raiders would have ever surpassed any team including the Saints in integrity.
I saw the pig fly, did you?
I guess I'm not who you thought I was.
KTVN Channel 2  Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video  Dodgers sale finalized ...
KTVN
Just tapped Fat Woody from Silver City!!
I am sad for the families of Farrah and Michael.
Congrats to SDSU Coach Steve Fisher...much deserved 4 yr extension.
Presser  2pm Monday.
Great for Aztecs and Recruits.
GoAztecs!
Overheard in Chelsea: My maid is a transvestite and just like a man, she's horrible at dusting.
FF so appropriate for this Carolina girl : master lyricist, taking tunes  making them your bitch.
Rock on!
FF because they rock and actually FF my personal twitter as well!
: 3
Donald Trump urinal cakes for your locker room are a great gift for your coach.
I would, but I wouldn't make it too far :
no way impossible
Hahahahaha omg I love that.
I don't understand y fans Boo certain picks.
Cant we just be happyexcited 4 these kids?
Come on they just got doctorfted 2the NFL!
Beastie Boys were a little before my time.
Didn't listen to them much.
But I do know how influential they were for a lot of people.
On the burner  MORNING'S LIGHT a doctorma  a runners guide to writing...
Feet don't fail me now, run Max RUN.
As long as you can fall in love with the next rendition of the product/service, then we'll allow that love affair
BBT was new.
Don't know about Community.
u know what sit on this  Middle Finger
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
Hey Darren, thanks for all the great things you are doing with your magazine in helping us to achieve success in our journey!
Hello Koji!!
Hope you vaguely remember my eccentric self  this is Twitter and a different social media platform, after all!
:
Yay for mobile tweets!
More like, hilarious on so many levels.
:D
I'm done with everything and everyone right now hands down
Now I'm shipping Lile with Ivy Lynn.
Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn ACL in right knee
thank you : haha do i know you?
aww.
doctorke misses her.
Lebron james party at the epic hotel in downtown miami!!!!!!
Welcome to Miami Bosh in Wade COUNTY..let's find u a crib in Lebroward
The National commercial they keep playing during wellsfargo tourney is killing me.
Learn what SEO is, you're contextually incorrect
Chuck all ways kept it real :
Marry you  Ryan Beatty
hope you didn't fall asleep on the way to Arizona!
never settling
The Dads word was not gold.
Fools Gold it was.
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
ill be sure to save you a shirt!!
We will be at 's Farmers Market tonight.
Stop by for your Memorial Day weekend wardoctorbe!
y wat happen
Already have it auto tuned!
RT : 7 Tips to use Gmail more Productive www.hcbbi.th8.us
i had a great weekend.
how about yours?
omg wow that was an emotional twister.
Right there.
3 hours of nonstop Family guy!
O literary criticism: narrative is the means by which humans translate/mediate between other objects that affect us
What's next?
A book by the Lion King, written for gazelles, explaining how strong lion legs r gud for them?
Christmas was 1.5 months ago bud
Right.
That makes sense.
LOVE THE NEW PIX
Free lunchtime music in Schenley Plaza from 122 today, courtesy of the Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy!
Man, Omar Gonzalez sure did make A.J.
DeLaGarza look 10x better than he is, didn't he?
Retweet if smokin dank makes you feel good:
A little taste of what we have to look forward to this term when the court deliberates affirmative action/U of Texas.
because I'm stealing him from you this week muahahahaha sorryimnotsorry :
The days distractions always leave me unprepared for the nights loneliness when missing you is the worst.

interesting cause that's close to a Pareto distribution?
8000 is 23 of total zips, and has 80 of the diabetes pop.
Now that i have ate in a legit italian resteraunt....
i know they ARE LOUD PEOPLE!!
Even though theyre cute, i could not deal with the l ...
You're retarded.
doctorgonscale is light armor anyways, so they're two different classes.
Be careful Ashley..
: Sprite bottle filled wit 100 proof.
Jus a matter of time nd ima be on my level
Ha.
Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning.
HappyMothersDay Love you Momma!
:
It's almost golf season.
Time to break out Tiger Woods golf for the Wii.
Reminder: We have 3' x 5' White  Blue Checkered flags for sale for 10!
Love to see these throughout Morrison!
rolltide MT I wish I could be in New Orleans for the game.
Opportunity like this only comes along like once every other year.
yes u are
When it comes to that...shits real.
my mom says shes sick of the song boyfriend becuase i ve played it non stop since i got home from school ;
Thank you!
:
Andy Weatherall is a
i'm out of school already xD :ILYShawty3
Haha, never my friend!
I did clean house after reactivating but you're a true favorite.
ah best wake up ever 
Dowloading turn to you right now!!!
Cant wait to hear it its number 8 already ahh cnt wait to hear it:
hey congrats on your piece tonight on
George Mason Patriots GMU Basketball Backboard  Pendant  14KT Gold Jewelry
you too Mexican!!
Just did my grito for us MEXICAN folks lol
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
New Girl holds a special place in my TV heart.
On the dark side of YouTube stumbled across a video of Cleveland from Family Guy spitting Ross' verse from Ima Boss.
I gotta start goin out wit smarter girls.....4real
November 20th is the TeDxYouth Day presentations in South Florida  Are you ready to see all the creativity in our local youth?
good.
I don't need them bothering me for a statement during the game.
my french is tough.
Nice quiet weekend.
Trying to get rid of my cold.
Watched alot of the Rolex 24hrs at Daytona.
And to top it up my boy work here so we got free food.
lol
O.O it's 4 degrees outside right now.
Looks like winter is making up for lost time here.
We got our hands on amazing video from our friends at STARflight rescuing someone from the roof of a vehicle in fast moving flood waters.
let us know if there's anything you want us to post the rest of this week!
I might be persuaded to become a Giants fan in that case.
Sigh...no, probably not.
But pantsless Gia is still a good idea.
Heading out with , to find good food, including in strip malls, for NPR.
so I guess ima dogg But who am I to be shit to a bitch who in my eyes aint shit either!!
I've been on such a Katy Perry kick lately
Starting The Absolutely True Diary of a PartTime Indian by Sherman Alexie.
Reply NOW if you are currently in college.
Come on smarty...those directions are easy.
Best news of the day: Falcons' Mularkey hired by Jacksonville.
Time to find a real offensive coach and free up Matt Ryan to win games.
you can also put it on a larger truck and pay for space, rather than the entire truck.
Great interview.
And, the book cover is beautiful.
Look forward to reading.
Haha yes I do : among other things :.
Soup Night  Chocolatefest  Jamming!
you look like hahahahaha
Hey!
I found your nose..
It was in MY buisness.
this movie is strange...
Koch plan is to increase income inequality, protect Wall Street banks, subsidize Big Oil  eliminate Medicare, Medicaid, SS  Unions.
Have a safe trip!
:D
beefliver...
yuck.
gotta love
How can WI GOP claim moving in right direction when ranked DEAD LAST in job creation?
B/C can't do worse than last?
lol all of culinary is ready!
Just told a midget not to be short with me.
It's life, people.
There are no instruction manuals.
and i just imagine them as these perfect beings just because everyone i know in real life is awful
So I'm confused.
When did St.
Paddy's Day become a holiday as in Have a great St Paddy's day weekend!?
Did I miss something?
Just spoke with Apple rep about way to sync 20 iPads for classroom use.
Answerno easy way.
We'll keep experimenting and let you all know.
You have at least two addoctorsses memorized; Your own addoctorss and P.
Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
I'm really borred
Giving money to OFA?
RT : I can't think of anything I'd enjoy less than giving money to Mark Zuckerberg.
That doesn't happen in Florida.
UF, FSU and Miami fans would never cheer for another state team.
No way, no how.
:
don't worry you're not alone .
But honestly you have nothing to be insecure about .
:D RT That awkward moment when you lean in to hug someone sexy and bump your head on the mirror.
thnks for the follow!
Care to promote?
Just got done listening to KissTheSunGoodbye and i must say IT IS AWESOME!!!!!!
Amazing 2 hour set restored my faith in kanye!!!
I cared, you didn't.
I cried, you laughed.
I was hurt, you smiled.
I moved on, you realized what you had..
too late
First Thursday at the Poster Garden  14th/HoytMusic, Wine, Food, Art!
too bad school libraries aren't represented at today's ESEA hearing!
Good schools need good libraries!
At home Yanks Astros on computer, USAEngland on ABC, pages turning very slowly on monday 2nd Hour book, Click
Putting all my energy into my doctorams....aspirations...so ambitious, baby...
awww thanks boo but really tho they slippin if they ain't following u
Thanks for the follow...hope you are having a great week.
Maybe we can work together sometime.
Aw, have fun you guys.
But not too much fun, because I'm not there.
:
I was in the warning....
:P It didn't sweep me away though.
Hehe.
Be on this bitch later...
Hit the studio early in the morning North Side Denver....
GOODMORNING followers SAY it back too
I ate a hotdog after it fell on the floor tonight.
I wasn't even doctornk.
I solely blame
Five dolla make you holla SANGRIA!
A whole pitcher...Red or white, you choose!
Good morning!
How was your weekend?
what are you studying?
It takes so little to make a difference.
Be aware.
Be kind.
Do the right thing.
Make it a priority.
Movie day ?
She can get it in the morning
Should I get an early start on Movember?
Thinking back on a conversation and wishing I had said something different.
Free dees nuts in to mouth
It was shameful that needed thesave by the AI judges tonight.
Clearly, people did not vote for one of the best singers!
he's still better than Meisner
Buffalo lounging
cool!
See you there!
Hello!
ArtBarcs is dedicated to identifying  connecting the most innovative artists w a global community of art lovers  buyers!
I can't get enough of OnceUponATime It reminds me that even as an adult, I love a good fairytale,  still wish for one
justkiddin i appriciate everything you do for me 
im so glad you tweeted that
Super Nintendo Happy hour at Cactus!!
2 flat screens, games up the wazoo,  Bud slinging excellent doctornk specials!!
37pm!!
Congrats to for his Grammy nomination ...
Next year :
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Happy Veterans Day!
Honoring the brave and selfless people who serve or served our country!
what are you worrying about?
Let me know how that works out for you!
That's what no sleep will do for you : RT u stay sick...
What up Ash!
: Hi friend 
Dawkins says his defining moment was seeing tears in Jim Johnson's eyes after winning the NFC Championship.
Johnson was his DC in Philly.
I think everyone ought to get rich and wellknown and do everything they ever desired so they may see that it's not the reply.
Almost time to head to the airport  should be in Vegas at about 5pm.
Focal Point and Acting Coach !
Is throwing baby elephants at nude golfers illegal?
Maybe if ur half Morrocan?
Wait huh...
Yum Morrocan chicken salad!
Uh huh uh huh
If you use chasers Idk about you
That's so cool :D
thats cool!
He seems outgoing!!
Not silly, tired!
And of course not, that why you have it ; I'd cuddle you to warm you up too : x
An Asian bitch probably did that.
Haha.
She is ready.
lets go to the mall today.
Its hard to be taken serious in the business world when your bless with curves
those people who are like, Follow this person to gain followers.
are so phony.
O.o
Ugh now what?!

thanks on sharing.
hope we'll see you both there!
They cant get on my level, my level is private Who fly more than me?, my level is pilot
vs.
2 years in the making.
Getting my
WRESTLEMANIA28 great ass match.
Undertaker vs H
Most grammatically correctest, too.
RT love the dumb conversations me nd kiara have :, we are the most randomest people ever :
: This is not happening
now we are Watching another science movie
Everytime I try to use it, it does something stupid.
I'm only using it because it is the only way to get stuff on the iPad
nice to see the play so well!
its quite a change
so?
Ryan Stoneberger and Alora Reiff have been dating for three years.
I definitely think they are experiencing real love.
good to meet you at and great to hear has a local forager!
I got my phone taken away.
/:
six pack.
Nice to be back in Indy.
Mass Ave is such a cute area.
Have a wonderful day full of God's grace and favor.
:
WHY does subway have the best cookies?!
I go there trying to be healthy  can't resist 
Holy WarmCrapola Batman!
Tha' Breaks had me in stitches!
is now following me what what!
FF her tweethearts 3
thanks JOSH!!!
WElcome aboard!!!!!!
My roomie, the lovely girl, surprised me w/ a huge iced coffee, knowing how much work I have.
But I just wanna doctornk these beers I bought...
aw dont say that im sure you are 
We have alot of jams in the works and we are in the process of booking more shows
Setting up pricegrabber feeds like it was my job.
Oh wait...
it is my job well part of my job.
Compassion for ourselves and others makes complex situations easier.
hahahaha love this and you!
glad you had a happy birthday!!
Today marks the peak of Carnival.
Carnival is often represented as a theme in comedies of fun triumphing over repression.
I hope Kendall Hansen's horse wins.
Public Service Announcement from yours truly:Turn Signals are NOT optional.
Use them!
It won't hurt  it's the law!
Lessons available 19.95
Interesting concept but I'll leave the crafting to the professorssionals and stick to enjoying the fruits of their labors.
very cool light sculptures!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Austin!!!
3WordsForYou give me money
TNC10 Packed session on FQBHCs presented by Dale Jarvis.
Can I kick it?
Thanks we try our best!!
You have got to be kidding me.
Been off since 11  you STILL haven't picked me up.
Better be the BEST damn excuse I've ever fucking heard.
Can't nobody in rap say Fool better than Ice Cube!!!
Gregg has a new Twitter professorle...from our FAV movie...check out
Why is rosebud website down?
Thought they were staying open?
Don't let lil mama jug it ..
yeah i know :p
If I Die Tomorrow No One Will No Know How I Really Felt...
did they like their gifts?
how was your Christmas?
Your welcome Jess : I hope whoever helped you did a good job!
I am about to logout so I can eat my breakfast.
What about you?
Just finished a session on Merge.
Two cashes and one final table kkAJ.
Now chilling with
OT?
Steelers just got Tebow'ed
Im a space bound rocketship, and your hearts the moon.
3
Thanks for the RT about 826!!
:
So I ran out of gas yesterday.
Pretty amazing way to spend a Sunday.
Not as enjoyable as when it happened on my way to high school
FAMU Band Suspended Another Year...
Looks like some ppl have to reevaluate there future...
happy mother's day, kuya!
good game tonight between and sabres.
Bruins looking for some payback.
Should be good!
Check it out.
The most important metrics in determining a trade show's success are: attendance, number of exhibitors, revenues net square footage.
R.
Kelly has his issues.
Whitney hers.
Me mine.
You got some too.
No judging.
Appreciate the talent.
And the people God gave it to w/ them.
WhyDoiAlways mess up every relationship I'm in...
:/
tweet me if you wanna coown i am looking for 3 coowners
friday night beneath the stars
yea!
3 haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love: btw where are you from?
Furniture.
Dishware.
Flatware.
You name.
We almost have got it all.
There's still time.
As Bob Barker would say, COME ON DOWN.....!
Just got to Diego Me and Ddp bout to hit hit a BBQ
Can we please get Demps his first freakin' win of the season already?!
i like justin bieber
Thx all you smart movers, you have the right idea!
I know creep
are you coming to Gatsby ?
S/O to  referred by Allen M pineappleMondays durham NC  we got u on the follow.
;
haha, while you guys are getting rained on at the bus stop, im in the lobby of my old building across the street!
NAME THE LYRICS: Prostitutes stomp in high heel boots And badges screaming,Young black childoctorn stop or I will shoot!
I'm calling this now: Lord Tensai wins Beat the Clock.
it was the most disappointing part of the night.
Said I'd do a quiz and some more quotes when I got to 2320 followers and I'm there so I'll be doing them sometime today!x
This is true, but as they say, if u dont like it, then play better RT looks like traveling in the minors isnt fun.
Yes, thank you!
I think so also!
I was looking through old pics 4 my uncle 2 find 1 he wanted to use 4 the memorial/funeral!
TGIF no classes today all tests thankful 
I LOVE IT.
Hines Ward was the toughest wide receiver in my lifetime.
This girl looks like a horse
Thank you for sharing this!
Happy Friday!
Approx twice a year I eat at Basil and I am disappointed 100 of the time.
My life needs more cow bell.
I feel like the tension between me and my mom is just getting thicker.
I can feel another argument brewing.
: It's hard to break new ground.
Maybe if I just stop breathing my sinuses won't get any worse.
Columbus ChanceInHell.
superI hope I'm on your listit's on my calendar!
Heading out to cast some once and future GUIDES!!
So excited!
is Coming Soon.
painful, but good....every day I'm alive and vertical I've got a smile on my face :
that is a monkey and nyan cat is flying right above us
ThatAkwardMomentWhen I've been really busy and slaking on my fanpage...just want y'all to know I LOVE Y'ALL!!!
333
What games are you watching this weekend?
Bouta Smoke a pound!
Happy birthday mimaw and .!
Im jus mind blowing i really am
Nice to meet IRL today.
Evidence is growing that my twitter friends are not imaginary.
I keep thinking I should censor myself...
Sounds like a Bulls home game!
Thanks to our GPTWConf sponsors , Baird,
Special 99 dollar rate mention this add.
The weather is great in OB 
thanks!
We're following you :
I got a letter in the mailing saying that my green card hass been approved and it should be here in a few weeks  I'm to excited
Got a stack of about 30 records for you.
A mixed bag of stuff.
You want?
Let's go rangers 3333 mark staal!
Fingertip Stickers Let Gloves Tap on Touch Screens
Got a bunch of projects going on...some Voice, some On Camera...it's just kind of happening.
The subway here has carpeted floors.
Very old carpet.
I feel like I'm riding in my grandmother's living room.
Love the sweepstakes idea and great job with Purina internships!
Good stuff.
Can you trust yourself?
Enjoying this weekend!
Thank you to for the opportunity to host an amazing wine competition!
Im Fuckin Witcha My Dude Lets Work
Goin to Amherst vs.
Avon in high school baseball tonite.
Not just a Hamburger  mesquite grilled ground sirloin with all the fixins!
dont have to clean anything up after the Spence pick
I wake up every morning with a big smile on my face, and it never feels out of place.

and come on i wont be able to get on during thaaa weekend
You look so much like your Grandma Dorothy.
Is that Chuck with you?
What are the boys names and ages?
its a tie between captainin America and Iron Man
New post: RAM Mounting Systems RAMB149ZSPO2U Handlebar Mount for SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger
RT : Wanna send a special shout out to all of the Spring 2012 graduates.
CONGRATULATIONS!
Keep soaring!
thanks for following me and supporting me as an artist.
god bless.
www.facebook.com/calisadoctoritprospect

the only author that can get my husband to sit and wait in a line.
SYEP Youth are in charge of your own BRAND as you start your careers.
Decide what you want to say about urself B4 u decide where ur going.
We're building out some new analytics features at and we support IE7 and IE8.
I'm building a raphael compatibility layer.
stopchildabuse Coming soon Salma's sotry from childhood abuse to courageous survival.
Look for it soon.
:
I'm wearing rain boots today.
Idgaf what anyone says 
Doing My Hair ;
holy shit, i just got a craving for subway omgomgomg i want.
I love them.
Such great lyrics.
Lmfao look at the poof on his head.
RT MsamERICAx Omg his shoes are so long and pointy.
I hate aKZV.
Yes and no  I've recommended papers be chopped or split.
Sometimes less is more to keep the content clear and concise.
Why Can't I Have Dimples ?!
The High School Slam Dunk contest is better than the NBA's Dunk contest
Thanks!
Lots of owl fun, I'm obsessed too.
Email to you soon.
I got a lot of stuff to get accomplished today.
Going to be a busy day.
I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better.
Thank you!
I wonder if this shirtoff is even going to be legal...
Awesome follows!
Now THAT'S FUNNY but TRUE
Auburn ave jumping tonight
yes mammy!
I must admit I'm not the biggest fan of the Dentist.
PARENTHOOD.
Holy crap.
We must talk!
I don't think I'll survive the six months until it comes back.
About to dissect a frog.
I'm scared.
.
Honduras mission team on the road headed for our flight in DC!
Fustrated about my bday party!
:D : So glad I am stickin around for another week!
I'm so stoked about the song for next week:.
Ready to melt faces.
: Don't know why my phone followed but fuck it ain't hurting me Bahaha.
Made me laugh.
Thanks for all the recent followers!
Check out our website and be sure to leave us feedback on twitter or facebook!
Wow!!!
This day went by fast.
I guess that happens when youre getting things done.
is following me!
EEK!
i think that babay wanteed to be a wigger
: No, I do not use it.
Just seemed to me to be a great idea.
If you only knew
Just met with a really sweet new prospective client with an overture center wedding!
Love the colors we picked.
We love it when fellows hang out!
RT: Great seeing fellows katie  karl!
Can't wait for nxt month's
I'm naming my dog Sir Licks A Lot and you can't stop me.
Does it still count as good luck if you freak out and accidently swat the ladybug away when it lands on you?
next time
Huh.
Meddling is one of my avocations.
Not easy to be an effective meddler!
Can't wait to start developing Apps for the new Samsung TVs, beautiful new interface
Yea no kidding, and the Pujolsless offense isn't half bad either, still feels weird though.
Crap!!!
I forgot to do my English homework!!!!!!
And its 10:30.
.
Can someone tell me why the walkers can't get to Hershel's farm?
welcome to my new followers
RT: A one word reply is not acceptable to my paragraph message butactually this is one of my absolute biggest pet peeves.
And the oakleys go on......
Someone came into my work the other day wearing an Okie Dope shirt.
Brought a tear to my eye.
A girl like Reba's got what I need, with big broad shoulders and a red assed weave.
I'm looking at more specific program offerings, such as community informatics and/or a more advanced reference focus.
take cab to Federal Hill and eat  Regis  u will NOT be disappointed!
I had it saved between the pages of my yearbook, it fell out while I was digging through stuff.
Made my day!
I feel we need simply to return to tax rates that existed under Clinton, across the board....
Howard Station
Editing the last VEDA video for 2012...bittersweet...mostly sweet.
Everytime I'm about to start homework, everything else just becomes so much more interesting.
any word on how the cashew cheese sauce tastes with grapeseed oil instead of canola?
Thanks alot to the guy doctorving 75 MPH in extremely heavy rain conditions and spinning out into my car fucking it up.
sadface :
Women are unique.
Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.
I give up on like legit I made a nice thing for him to read and he still won't read it or atleast tweet me back!
Ugh I'm done
thank you!
I had a great time!
Goin to take a shower.
BBL.
:P
I haven't seen The Help, yet.
But it's on my to watch list.
Big day...gotta finish 500 cakepops and RGIII will officially become a
DJS for all events, State of the art lighting and sound.
wts the biz anything new we need feildmob bra!
Er...remind me sometime to share how I broke my ankle last fall...
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
JQA
You know what's great?
The fact that I can watch archived video of italo disco bands from 1970s Dutch TV, on my phone.
Congrats man!
Um.....awkward.
Lost 5lbs woo here I come summerBody!
;
I mean the signed shirts lol
LadyGaGa LadyGaGa LadyGaGa ...
If that doesn't get her attention, we should check on her!
Lol.
Hey Tori I was, and I will!
nope, pin placements were in traditional spots  greens were perfect
: Between the Lions two turnovers and the Saints efficiency, New Orleans has yet to punt.
and their shitty ass refs
Or you can always build another wing on the house  my back up plan, if only I could convince my hubby :
I hear it doesn't help much.
feel better!
starts a three tongue stretch :D
orange back up doctorve is back in reg room if anyone sees Anna!
follow my new account !
aw damn!!
Lol
First thing this new year, I plan to send my next book, Pasadagavra, off to the publishers.
Hopefully it will be available AprilorMayish.
looking for session singers feel free to send me demos  showreels
No matter what mountains you are facing, you can be confident that God is bigger than any problem and able to carry you over any mountain.
Get your news from at least 3 outlets, to get different points of view.
Get divergent ideas and understand both sides of the issues...
Woodland's office is getting a much needed facelift, pics to follow!
IMMSongTitles S.
A.
X.
by Lyfe Jennings
Transformation is to become something that u r not, Conformation is to fully become who u r because you are already it.Bishop J.C.
Williams
JOBSEEKERS, be professorssional when you turn down an offer.
You never know where that relationship my cross your path again
best feeling in the world!!
She must be quite the literary princess if all she recommends are true crime books...
I wish MSNBC would get rid of Erin McPike.
She's just another GOP tool
Why do they make you do your show in the hall?
Marlins first game at their new ballpark is against the Yankees on April 1.
Tix range from 58988.
The stadium looks great.
cool cool good luck my nig hope shes a bad bitch
Dude riding your bike at 12:30 are you trying to get hit?
dumb people
Effective leadership is putting first things first
A mosquito will fly MILES for a good meal like mosquitomagnetme.
One stalked me inside my toilet.
Can't bring myself to discuss much more.
Setting up our account on Twitter :
Again, great news on a Friday!
Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as comm.
manager today!
Congrats Stacey!
I'm available for a cocktail 6:30, anyone??
That's rich.
RT We don't want him.
RT : Yawn.
RT One more time: Chris Paul should be a Laker.
As of August 26, 2009 SinCityCrossFit is now on Twitter!
We are very excited...
www.sincitycrossfit.com
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there.
Have an Awesome day
we'll bring the bar to you!!
Sometimes it's just easier to pretend that you don't care
just followed!
Eco Academy students  teachers are rallying to save the libraries at 1112 today!
Olympic btn Union  Alvarado!
thank you
: Cell phones ruined pushing people in the pool.rt
: A real nigga don't tell a female I love you for sex.
lol check yes!
I've been listening to my own voice for the last couple hours while transcribing interviews
I do though :/
Thanks for the follow and congrats on your new album!
um live healthy?
Having sex three times a week for one year  Running 75 miles.
In lieu of recent events at the W Hotel, Wine Down Wednesday has been cancelled.
We hope to reschedule this date in July.
Our...
So I just kind of flipped out when I saw you followed me.
I just read your about section and almost pissed myself.
My people skills are just fine thankyou, Its my tolerance to idiots that needs work.
Wow I just found MamaChia at Central Market in Poulsbo!
Thanks so much Angela!
I'll tweet this review out tomorrow, post it on Facebook, the band site, etc.
Really appreciate it!
Justin we are trying.
jealous you know so many people here!
Heading to Tel Aviv on Thurs where I know more folks.
Hey Lilian!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
How is HIV and AIDS transmitted if you don't have any sex at all?
Spurs Vs Jazz Game 2
Things aren't much wilder now, I don't think, than they were back then.
aw that is sweet!
did you like our fbook page!?
That's what I'm hoping for!
RT : let's hope we play tomorrow!
Seriously needing new friends so sick  tired of being sick  tired over the same crap every day.
Anytime!!
: : thanks for the shout out!
cheers
Thank You
Accepting vintage vinyl,screenprinted show posters, so on in lieu of actual dowry.Lifetime Chicken Bowl invitepriceless!
The Hornets took down the Heat tonight!
50 baby!!!
Geaux Hornets!
something impossible to kick, mwahaha!
I got you
ha cool  I've yet to see the one it's a sequel to in front of a flick
Dunno what you're up to the next two days, but I'm off, and in need of doctoraaaanks.
hit me up.
hope you had a good christmas!!
I am fairly certain you can monitor twitter lists, let me investigate a little further
Nice response to Eric's question on thatdarnlist.
Great job on the vid, too!
what are the chances of getting a reporter to come  speak with us tomorrow AM at UPJ at the Young Entrepreneurs Series?
Life without desire and doctorams is empty and meaningless...
Yeah you did!
Keep up the good work.
i been here for a min bro
Hope you feel better.
Everyone on my train has an umbrella and/or a raincoat.
Except me.
Perhaps I should've checked the forecast.
Hope you get some sleep and feel better soon!
Perfection RT : Instagram will end up being your fun friend from college who married for money and changed for the worst.
Raleigh going to Domincan Republic Apex going to Ecuador,both the 1st week of August!
Email !
do you like cats
What do you miss most about the arcade days?
there are rich black people.
Sometimes the love of money outweighs taking care of their people.
Racing canceled for today.
Thoughts and prayers go out to Matt Marker's family.
These refs are full of shit
Thanks for sharing that picture, now I must have cupcakes for dinner instead of something healthy.
I had those shoes in high school!
the kamikazes
I just did my nails
needs someone to skype D:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 37
Meeting with the conference committee
we are sitting in the carells at the sfpl
Mika's going to be mad....
no I don't think so!
All of little mix deleted :
This TrayvonMartin case feels like a story out of Richard Wright's Uncle Tom's Childoctorn.
Obama Had 10 Times More Money Than Romney for Campaign
Less than 36 hours til feastingforfido hope to see you there :
pretty cool but you're crazy
All of a sudden everyone becomes interested in modeling  photography, what's your reason?
You're not even good at it!
i loved to check out a game there
Filling in your entire lip with lipliner before your lipstick or gloss will allow your lips to maintain color longer!
Hi!
waving
Namaste, world!
We are making the Shift right now!
Colts call news conference for 6pm...
can't wait to hear the reason behind all the cuts.
Tune in at 10pm for the latest!
notetoself don't doctornk and tell everyone they are beautiful over the micorphone...
it's not nice to lie
yes!
Focus on finishing school and then we will make it happen!
:
My musical ends tomorrow , but hey I need a break.
haha yeah.
I'm so glad I don't go there anymore.
How are 131Caseys doing right now?
How about a look?
My life is difficult...
Thank you for speaking at last night!
Already put my app in for the marketing internship!
When you control a mans thinking, you do not have to worry about his actions.
Carter G.
Woodson
And he just used my pet word, wretched!
Whats the probability an will be hanging out around IAD tonight around 9pm?
Dear Tom Barrett: You are a douchebag.
Thanks for wrecking a great city.
Your stupidity is beyond belief.
I know!
Especially after such a great worldseries!
Ah well, it'll be here before we know it, so let's relax for now : 
thanks dude much love m/
TOURS Death Grips Announce Tour
No Offense really means, Im about to insult you but dont get mad.
Why am I tweeting about it now after being asked to keep it a secret?
It's been written about in the Weekly so it's now public info
Journalism ethics in a digital era with Kelly McBride  interesting discussions
Watching dysfunctional Arsenal trying to finish season against Norwich.
Hint: it's not going too well for them at the moment
Thank you to all of our staff and loyal clients,without you our 20 year anniversary could not have been possible.
most of us didn't get in to Afterschool because we liked afternoons
Fuckin mad crazy today!
Got a nigga wantin to dip!
NGP VANs speaking on Mobile Advocacy panel at CampaignTech at 5pm.
He has news about MiniVAN
Give like you own the world  Love like it's your last day!
yea Lol I so ain't I don't talk and Im usually sitting by myself and doing shit by myself Lol I was like maybe if I play footba
The Raven was one of the best movies of all time..
On the edge of my seat the whole time!
Pittsburgh just keeps shooting themselves in the foot!
Would have liked to see them give the fg a try.
Owell overtime should be exciting.
Truth.
RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit.
Theres no exceptions here guys.
no worries!
How long are you in town?
We have extra copies.
Thank you for your technological innovation, great customer service  being so darn easy to do biz with.
Yep, you pretty much rock.
Had the audio  video tracks been separated or were they still joined on the timeline?
Once sep., we don't have merge featr
food
Let us enjoy each teaching and learning moment with our students and take each experience to the next level.
Happy teaching!
Happy Happy Thanksgiving to all!
God Bless!
Wacky electrical weather in Denver last night.
So I turn on channel 13 and there is a baseball game on.
The New England Red Sox are beating the New York Mets 62?????
Please welcome Bible101 to the Max life
will be up there ins little while, so I have to live vicariously through her lol
Why am I not invited to hipster doctorg races that end with motorcycles on fire?
Sara smith discussing artistic research in archives and archives as 'point of origin for creativity'
Teasing your hair teasing it until you no longer can use a brush u will need a rake
TeamBreezy FOLLOW ME ILL FOLLOW BACK
The awkward moment when the kid you like says Oh wow, look extra hoe this morning..
Thank God for lattes.
wow order a 100 13x19 posters in the next hour and get them for just 60 when the normal price is a 100 now thats a deal
The Oregon basketball court is kind of pretty  yet hideous..
at the same time.
Thanks.
Have a great weekend, Sharon!
it's scary stuff.
Rats following the piper off the cliff.
Bigots who hate our black POTUS hate it
love, love, love the goat cheese and rosemary cream cheese  so yummy!
this will have to be a weekly buy!
I did this last year!
I still get random you are now linked messages from people like plumbers from it.
thanks3 omg.
your pretty:
Actually, I don't even need to put my name at the end.
Tia and Shelby never come on : lol
I love to weed!
But I am NOT a bibliophile.
DJ Omega mixing the Salsa at the Monaco Tonight.Howard The DJ with Old School Salsa on Thursday at Madoctorgall.
When calls me a slut Breaks my heart :
off to mariel's house : w/ katlene
Wish my good luck on my STARR Test today.
I really hope I can go to the seventh grade 
thx for the folo I live in your district
everyone is allowed a few eff ups...but when ALL of your playlist is garbage?!
Lol
I havn't sent out any messages today about a funny pic.
It got sent to me  I replied to it  it went to all my followers.
Thank you so much!
It's for a journalism class I'm writing a paper on negative political advertising and how it affects people.
wow he's a genius
making an observation  sexist?
RT : Apparently is a sexist dumbass.
Good to know.
Glad I don't frequent his site.
only 3 more days till the Craft Bazaar!
I just restocked the City Hall hoodie and a new shirt!
come see it all this weekend!
Now THAT!
We can agree on...
Q6 If you could volunteer abroad anywhere, where would you go?
Love you gals!
xo
AI has been a wrap
what happened?
Mighty fine weekend, but its back to the grind this week, beginning with a little 8am lifting tomorrow
make it happen my son
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night.
Have a great show!
what's his twitter I'll RT this to him.
A forgetmenot to / for answering our factcheck request after I tweeted about how long we were waiting.
What Jerz you looking to get?
I am dying for a 15.
I will split the shipping if you want.
I missed thirty minutes though
on tha xbox!:
yes he is!
Chris is the best, he'd be happy to help you with any requests!
Nice!!!
Im going to Vegas next month!!
When are you coming to Florida?
FREEDOM OF SPEECH!!!
Peeps!
Let it be heard and followed!
meaning we will finally have a chance to have our cup of coffee.
Part of GPC group heading to Apple HQ for an executive briefing.
E!
Any burning questions you'd like me to ask my gracious hosts?
I hate when the extremely smart people take the whole freaking class period to take a test.
When I'm done I want to talk damnit!
I don't know what you did there, but I'm impressed with the results.
You're SO on point my friend, I want to retweet everything!!
:
Great show last night!
Controversy big time next week with founder of Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin Wed 4/13 911pm RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
As you fill out your mail in ballot remember its simple.
NO to ABCD!
No to A, No to B, and No to CD H/T
Watch out for PHilli
I believe in Jalex
Leggo Tiger, show the haters that you can still play
Someone start Pinstagram then sell it for 2 billion and give me half.
love your mission and hope to join u soon!
TONIGHT...
BAH hits the stage at 10p at French Quarter for Jazzfest Series...WE GET IT IN!!
The Wizard of Oz had really good investment skills, he wasn't even from Oz and he had better property than everybody else.
Do it.
Just do it.
Don't think about it.
Just do it.
Thank you for the RT!!
You Rock!
Have a fabulous night!!
I can see the writing on the wall.
is following me.
finally back in downtown san francisco at the RSA conference, having re withdoctorl of not visiting san fran tech scene

yea it did lol well hey Ms.
Scales 
no better way to defunk than to funk it up!
some trees are nicer than others, but it's hard to know if the optimal one was chosen.
Many would be just fine.
There's no reason to chant MVP to Kobe Bryant
Finally going to bed:p LONG but really fun night well P.E.A.C.E.
I've been proven wrong!!
I love you  you have redeemed yourself!!!
I don't go to news sites anymore.
I go to specific stories.
Overall site design honestly means little to me.
There is a deer in my backyard!!!
SongICanRelateTo doctorke  Shot for me .!
IM LOVING IT!!!!
YES!
ASOT550 again with that Ferry flair!
gotta love the man, hes a beast!

Hey Elisabeth, thanks for following!
What's new?
hope to get to the show.
will look for you!
Hi!
Long time no talk, how are you!?
You have 13 Harry Potter tattoos?
Awesome!
I only have one.
But I also have a Lord of the Rings and 3 of the Avengers.
4: 1964  Civil Rights Act passed, outlawing discrimination based on race.
It provided a framework for disability rights legislation.
Midnight session at the studio.
Rock on
I had my second lobster dinner in four days, and one more coming up this weekend.
I love summer.
Rubio: Look, Obama could give this same speech, only better.
But the media is interested in me and I wanted a hashtag.
I found my original birth certificate!!!
Yay!!!!
:D
Help desk company that uses a competitors help desk.
Really?
I just found one.
hi jimmy;
A HUGE Thank You to all that came together to support Ya Ya in a time of need.
You are amazing.
Would be a bit late though.
Especially for a Wed.
Looking for a job?
Two words: No nudes.
Unless it's that kind of a job.
Ordering an MIW pullover, their Creatures poster, and a poster  since i bought stuff from WCAR, i get a free tour program:
In the words of the great Missy E flip it and reverse it :
Wanted to see if anyone has even been to my page...Not a damn soul has even taken a look lately...man?????????
My wife and I are considering buying a king size Simmons NxG 300 mattress.
Anyone have one of these?
Like it?
We're tired of our Sealy :
WhyDoiAlways so that shit she don't care
Yeah, I'd say that is pretty much his default position.
Kentucky makin it look too easy
No homo i really like Carrie Underwood's new song
Creep is so good anyway.
Make us proud on Sunday Q
At super bowl village!!!!
How do you manage so many people?
My 3,000 is becoming a full time job.
:
check your dm.
And DM me your contact info
we need to hang out sometime:D
I want to think about it, and learn more  I'm not a LE nerd.
But am generally skeptical of enthusiasm for markets.
wcphilly day2 : ticket 3398: I need help please, you lazy bastards.
NP  Save the world  Swedish house mafia  3!!!
what it do?
where u at
He Skype's Me , And Over The Phone Lol
OMFG ARE YOU GODDAMN SERIOUS...this asshole put me on hold for 15 to wait for the phones to shut down....I'm fuckin somebody up tommorow
meow.
I miss you!
Once you lose control of your mind and it is controlled by an outside force you lose your sense of self...
Can't wait until this Kentucky title is vacated in two years
Don't let your block party be a dud, add an inflatable bouncer, obstacle course, or several of each for a day filled with fun
Ah, let Jameson sink in...but really, because he's just so freakin' adorable you kinda have to 
Talking with a lot of cool artist and they are all great , I am rockin ' thanks all of you !
I just saw that this morning!
Thanks so much for passing it along.
Google Embraces Responsive Design, Recommends You Do the Same  Wired News
wee happy dance laughing Rats, now I feel I must raise the bar of my usual twaddle.
i like to party, you like to party, we like to party all fucking year!
What a Amazing Day!!!
I wonder if stop, doctorp, and roll works in hell
I was going to tell you how amazing you are, but you wanted everyone to stop tweeting.
Your loss, I guess.
The Umass kids were rioting because they were happy for Victor Cruz...right?
Sleepy time.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him.
Of course, no one would have remembered him either.
Source Unknown
thanks for the RTs!
no more soparopa coupon?
i want to transfer my domains to you but can't make that coupon work  thanks!
iMissYouWhen I look at the background on my phone and it's you :/

we didn't qet any damn pictures of him STRIPPING.
dammit!
.
':
Blake Griffin's flopping is getting ridiculous
Alonzo Gee really can't doctorbble but his hesitation lefttoright crossover in transition is a very good move.
The MadisonChicago relay is coming soon.
Time to get ready for the long run
TREE INFOResearch the tree you like before you plant!
Make sure it won't be too big or wide for your planting space.
You should have pitted them against each other
I think we're going to see Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
Wanna come?
IHopeThisDoesn'tSuck
Josh is working out in the other room and it sounds like he's trying to lift a car off an old lady.
I went in to watch and he said, No.
Gonna be a loud music day.
Dealing w/a my expectations are obviously not your expectations matter concerning metadata and workflows.
Nah, Starforce Hip Hop is coming on nicely  may take out WSHH.
But is on a different level.
Artist Bio: www.Reverbnation.com/Cynical303 For Quality Colorado Hip Hop, check out my music Kold Reality
Online Chess Lessons for Students of all levels to Improve Chess Skills and Mastery!
Last night I was riding home with Ashley smoking a blunt, listening to John by and I was like, weezy sounds like god.
Hahaha
My mama birthday tomah i hope she have a great day
I don't feel like the sixers really upset the bulls.
Do you?
imagine Louis tells you that he loves you more than the carrots 33
So, you are going to 's cabin?
RT: I wanna get black out, pissing the bed, sloppy doctornk tonight dealwithit
Norfolk is still a bigger upset, once lehigh finishes this off.
Duke was flawed in so many ways.
But yea, mizz was far from perfect too
yay cocaine i was joking wth my friend and i said we should make cherry cocaine u in :
Don't hate....DETROPIATE...
Have fun!
Hope to see you both at Soda Bar Wednesday!
Say hi to Kolinka for me!
Making assumptions only makes you sound ignorant
Karma will bite you in the ass.
Be careful where you tread.
Excited to share TEDxABQ page on Google.
Join the circle with other New Mexico TEDheads.
Hangouts coming soon!
Wow the Beach Boys segment was WAY better than I expected...Tears of joy instead of sadness tonight
Call He can make it painless.
Sorry you're having that pain!
Hair spaing at home
Maybe.
But I'm inclined to think it's the lack of explicit disclosure.
He's da bomb
I was going to call my grandmother's senator, but the site's down!
Thanks for these examples, Wendy.
I'm hoping we can get our DOIs to act as clickable links, but like find in library too
Going to the movies.
Call me a sap but i want to see Warhorse.
My kids refuse.
Why?!
whats wrong with a lil blubbing over good Speilberg?
Just read it.
Sometimes ya gotta take one for the team!
If you are on our email list, you will be receving a survey today in your inbox!
Please fill it out for us!
Your opinions matter!
:
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
I wish I could say that information surprised me...
She said Her standard be the money
cody what do you do to pass time on the road?
:D
Maybe the Grinch just had really bad PMS
BETTER!!!
WORSE!!!
LOUD NOISES!!!
: Things are never as good as you think they are or as bad as you think they are.
thanks!!!!
I think my bro is taking us there tomorrow!
I'm excited the food here is so bomb!
Alert readers will note that I've never lost a climatic showdown atop a church roof.
Particularly not during a thunderstorm.
sweet doctorams!
New database!
Papers of Dwight Eisenhower who inspired founding of School of International Service at AmericanU.
21 searchable volumes.
And it feels like my hearts still sinking...
I hate how my iPhone vibrates for no reason.
and i'm just giving it a trial run, I may not end up keeping it.
I love the visually contrasting colors used between Emma and the queen.
How come when your awake all night.
You pee 56 times.
But when you sleep.
You don't wake up to pee and sometimes don't pee when you get up
LOL...
this is my official page I just don't have a sticker yet!
Getting real deep with right now.
to Rudy, Calvin, and the crew for letting us talk UTSA football earlier!
That nigga suge knight busted 2 pac an biggies head
Ugg I slept like crap up every hour think I shall go back to sleep when the kids are off to school
Hope everyone enjoyed their Sat!
Happy weekend everyone!
I think my friend Paul is working on that today too.
I believe in The Most High Jesus Christ 
And when i give her brain she dont need to study ;
Hahaha luffs u to: I said that first!!
Can you hang after u clean tomorrow babygirl?
S/o T000 my big bro  my big bro
what's goin down?
What the lick read?
he has a Kansas tattoo on his arm with a jayhawk where OP is, and it has taiwan in it too.
so cool!
he gave me free soy lol
I grew up in Mercer County.
Are you taking your daughters to the Broadway Show?
I'm starting to like Stefan
I've been grinding out on Ultimatebet today, a little sad I'm not playing at the WSOP Main Event.
Did brunch with Kim.
Fab as usual.
The vegan carrot cake was phenom.
Finally, congratulations to the New Old Schoolers for winning the best StartUp entry at the
This may be the one day out of the year I wish I had a real mother.
I wonder what it's like to be honest.
I have your spectacles they were in my car!
Had a fun day.
Made some molds.
Went to Kidoctorbot LA and the Toy Art Gallery.
So fun to be closer to all of this.
awh, well it's better than being in school right?
I'm sure ull have more funner field trips.
My trip wasn't that fun really
Ditto from DBL!
RT :  round of applause from the DTLT office!
These DirectTV ads are plain stupid.
where can I find your bones?
Guess Ill Talk To Him Later...
You don't see it comin', you just get to see it go.
You must learn to shift your focus of attention from the object of perception to the Subject perceiving.
awh.
I'm blushing.
No wait, that's just the opium.
Water...
need water...
RT : I forgive people, but that doesn't mean I trust them.
Were given 24 hrs a day.
What will you do today to make a differnce in someone else life?
Hey, I had a doctoram about you last night!
...Really?...
Yeah, you died.
At the Open Door Health Fair in Muncie, come and see us!
Bryce Harper needs to ask Hensley Meulens permission before he dubs himself the new age Bam Bam
People who chew with their mouths open 
Miss ya man!!
Hope all is well.
lol stiles gonna doctorg his wereolf a out the car hahah FUNNY
Thanks CB!!!
: RT : lt;3!!!
Happy weekend.
Tell mister.
Coach happy mamma's day!
4 Grammy winner U have to see this show.
2 more shows tomisterw  81030PM.
Call JK, mention  get 5 off.
At least I tried homie
Beautiful day for shooting, iddnt it.
Did they have an open bar?
I think someone took the Complete Scandinavian Cookbook to the beach.our book repair student worker.
Song of the day: Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men.
They're great.
You're welcome, and thank you!
Yes, looking forward to it!
:
Dumb phone delayed
Working on.....Not your Grandmother's String of Pearls : Still not painting!
thats what it ihhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
now stop up to the cafe punk!
sunny at my house about 5 miles from Camden Yards.
of course!
: I would love to watch them!
All the Mahomies would!3
excited to be at gig now but opening act is killing it!
: Trust can be earned again after its broken but it will take forever
Crew Love will be played at my wedding nigga don't ask me why
Loading the van/trailor on this doctorary day, heading to play in little ol' Mt.Carmel, IL this weekend.
I want a new belly button ring.
Tired of the one I have.
something's gotta change with that!
Either Long or Girardi has got to make changes!
Just be thankful you have a day away from the newsroom.
If it gets much hotter, we will need oxygen masks to breathe.
do you know a food blogger in Jax you would recommend?
What the fuuuuuuck?
are you serious?
Thats UNREAL!
Her daddy must have wanted a boy :P was she hot?
The way SDCC has evolved, if you're a regular attendee w/no hookup, you have to be a DIEHARD to make it happen.
Sometimes, I think you like me but sometimes, I think you don't.
So confusing.
Cute dog.
that would be awesome!!
We need some more depth on our bench.
Let's get it done
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
Sweating out all the alcohol I've consumed the past couple days, yummy.
No alarm needed anymore
i want a pretty girl.
Is there a chance for MLB or a NFL team in Portland?
Scott Ford
ya it sucks :
fooolllllloooowwwww me.
ass ass ass ass.
OMG.
I'm not sure I understand what half of that is, but WANT!
olive oil panna gotta?
True friends are like diamonds: valuable and rare.
False friends are like leaves: scattered everywhere.
Milwaukee is to small.
Are the roads there as bad as San Bernardino?
Their freeways are like doctorving in Louisiana.
It's FREE Friday!
Come get your FREE Original or Spicy chicken sandwich from Just show this message.
ha!
Sometimes I forget it's sweeps.
When you coming up to Portland?!
We do what we can
RT Trying to get more people to use the word preposterous today.
Not on Twitter, I mean, in life.
That is just preposterous
Wondering if I should've prepared for 11/11/11 like we all did for Y2K....
I guess we'll find out shortly!
imma play the DTF doctornkin game tonite.
What are my odds of being sober past 9:25?
I got money on this
Last week, MJF had a meeting 4 mke agencies/synagogues about security  safety.
Fed as convener at its best!
What's the wifi password?
ALEXANdoctorBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG AND MAYBE ZACH
hey cutie pie
Democrats have been creating extreme climate by strategically placing butterfly colonies and forcing them to flap their wings.
I used to think that running an organization was equivalent to conducting a symphony orchestra
Damn straight.
And being that it's Rivers, I saw all kinds of crazy shit in just an hour.
i keep my phone on military time, and find myself typically enchanted by both 21:21 and 23:23
Never grew out of the childhood phase of hating haircuts.
Dancing to Florence  the Machine Shake It Out at !
what store?
Why start the ?
I feel I have a responsibility as a man, not to stand up for but with them.
Jimmie Briggs
Study Hall by has been traded for 's  we get first round doctorft pick ...
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Chase your passion, not your pension.
Denis Waitley
go on thursday
Oh man, this Monday is off to a CRAZY start..
woord!
Let me know how it is
u sure bout tht
RT and follow us cause we asked nicely lol...
....you should be here with me right now my dogs are playing tug of war its cute Lol imma have to make a video and show u XD
a cute boutique  bevello.
there's one in Phillips place, blakeney,  Birkdale Village.
But hey if i turn on you its cause you made me do it
waiting for beyondscaredstraight to come on.
love that show!
All packed, ready to go.
LA, America Got Talent waiting for me and my grandson Zev.
Proposed EU data privacy regulations not guidance, will directly effect member states.
Promotes cooperation by regulators.
Oh no, my throat is starting to hurt!
Did you do do this to me, ?!!
hey, it's not their fault City let QPR score a man down.....
on dvd?
iloveitwhen he gives me head hate it wen he gives me headache lok
Guys with British accents 
MURDER CITY DEVIL'S!!!!!
PDX!
I like how it's not a car
it's s frame from a beepod, and I think the good vibes here are keeping them happy.
Happy Easter.
my brother actually spoke to me without being asked.
Jesus really does exist.
Haha.
we're surprised it's not illegal in more states!
i used to want you so bad
This girl is so beautiful  I miss her so much 
Im ready for thursday :D
Job creation highest in US since July 08  and that's w/ govt job cuts.
My mom hates basketball 
: half way there just wish I could snap my fingers and it was all done and in the car!!
wish you were already here!
I'd cry everyday of jealousy stop omg
When it comes to the East, I'm TeamHeat , and when it comes to the West, I'm
I guess hockey players who get stitches done in minutes don't care about the quality of them or the scars that will be left
that was pretty atrocious
SeniorElite 's gold party  prom
Prom sucked.
w/ and Always good food and fellowships.
Follow me!
Please, and tell me how you can obtain this body :
we ain't scared of em either we playin like we don't care right now..
when we get to the finals...
We will!!
I had a great bday!
Thank you for the !!

girl bye!!
You been boo loving all weekend!!
what of it?
D:
It's me thank you lol
why hello....
I am ok...
Tired from a long day of kicking ass.
And you?
I hope today went well!
AimHybrid like always!
u killed it last nite DTown wasn't ready for u mama, u held it and looked great
what do you have in mind?
Killed and raped I tell you
R u gonna shock someone w/ ur pregnancy/gender announcement?
Put ur video/pic on our Facebook for a chance to win a fabulous prize package!
Great opening number, but the band was too loud or Billy's mic needed to come up.
Lmao to late i got 2 apple Pies2double cheese burgers n a large frylol
im confused....jealous of whom??
im praying its me LMAO
I have to stop saying ''How stupid can you be?'' I think some people are taking it as a challenge.
After all the hype, Girls pilot really disappointing.
Don't know who decided that hanging out in bathrooms was a thing.
...
It's National Puppy Day ...
...
Two who are doing their part for pet adoption.
Mommy, can I go out and kill tonight?
After you clean the litter box Glenn.
High roller.
A doc says no, find another way to get his attention.
s4pm  walking away just turns off docs from the next ePatient even more
It seems appropriate that the Jersey Shore cast spends their time promoting white trash energy doctornks and weight loss supplements.
omg i cant believe my birthday is next week!!!!!
ah im so excited!!!!!
people on twitter better be wishin me a happy birthday ON THE 25!!
of too greeccee:D!, be back in 7 daays i love you all my tweetlings, and im going to miss this one certain person!, i love himm3!!!!!!!!!
I guess Manchester City winning the title is kind of like the Clippers winning except that it happened.
lame ass :
Liver Detox Tips: avoid stressor foods : sugar, Hydoctorgenates or esterified fats, MSG, burnt foods
coming over to watch Entourage and say my goodbyes
yup.
knuckle up hoeee
you will always be little Romeo to me
It's a beautiful weekend .
.
.
pool is heated, house is clean, ready for a BBQ and swim party tomorrow!
HappyHappy!
Great!!
Thanks so much dolls!
If you hear of other great resorts with management positions by you, let me know!
xox
Montgomery YaYaNoodles Chinese just served rubbery chicken in blackbean sauce, bland spicy fried rice  unchewable calamari
If the Prozac fits RT : Vols messages boards not helping fight the notion that this is most bipolar fan base in the country.
Sorry to hear about that.
We're checking it out right now and you'll hear back from us soon!
potato chip bits on top!
Thanks for sharing 's post on our blog Anna!
Anyone have experiences to share?
Thinking about subscribing.
TIA
sometimes you must turn left to move forward.....
Working on some theatre with the youth of sewickly...
Then off to do some final rehearsing of a Taffeta Wedding
Did you ever see a wild animal?
Is that scarry?
Bonita aplebum you gotta put me on
i'm exaughsted after this weekend!
and yep, i am working tomorrow too.
i hope everyone else enjoys their day off!!
:
Make great choices today.
Enjoy the weather and on June 5 be in the building, Fire on Water...Welcome to the Lightlife.
Smile!
Unbelievable.
Chris Davis 08 5 k's, 2 innings pitched, no runs, 1 win
demyia say him when she was walkin home from my house and she called me  put him on the phone he told me to come down 
You want beer.
You know you do!
Stop on by for 8 Schlitz  1/2 price appetizers STAT, sweet thang!
Why, Hello There Summer: SCHOOLS OUT FOr ME!
: I know entire league just tell me who you want.
: do u know of any single NFL players I want in on this 2!!
Catching up on books I should have already read...Silent Spring, A Sand County Almanac, The Nature Principle, anything to add?
oh no!
Think warm thoughts;
DOH!
I missed the RT part.
LOL!
Trying again  Julia, yes, Trish is right  total Rockstart!
The dog hates when other dogs are in tv.
Or any other animal.
Or animation.
Or sudden movement of any sort.
Wait wait....
Yea I just saw your asshole!!
Thank you, and your welcome
Thanks from a multimillion miler for fighting this dangerous idiocy by keeping antivax lies out of AA material
Wow.
Jealous much?
People mad cuz you mad cute
Little imperfections make you beautiful but would you pay for crooked teeth?
Apparently Yaeba double tooth is a new popular trend in Japan
We recommend whole pitted fruitricehard boiled egg // fruit slicesricefried egg.
Try nectarine!
follow me please?: noo..
oh okay /:  le goes to corner and cry 
Fans will be treated to live performances from the legendary RB group, The Whispers and the popular SOUL/RB trio, Tony!
Toni!
Toné!.
It must be mandatory for all cover bands play Brown Eyed Girl and Sweet Home Alabama lol.
76 arrested in Capitol protest over Medicaid cuts
Casting done now onto work!
On the road coming b.ck from southwest stomach onn.
Full
Don't hate on the next man.
Make yourself better!
There is a look alike here.
I almost went up to her to say hi.
: Thanks 2CBS radioFam 4helping us spread updates WSShooter And thank you!
FRIENDS 7 of 10: You can make more friends in two months by becoming really INNTERESTED in THEM, then being really NICE to THEM...
TerribleDisneyMovies There is no such thing
My puppy is quite the escape artist...
She escapes from her kennel for the second time today.
Lift off
Congratulations!
You working in the Bay Area now?
lol I know that's right.
Let me know if you hear where she goes.
She will be missed!
You never know who's going to need it.
giveblood sandiegobloodbank.org
RGIII already has his own commercial
I will be watching scandal tomorrow on hulu the Tweets tonight got me super excited.
The whole state of colorado looks like a bass pro shops.
Bout to get doctorssed and head out
HEY YOU DONT SAY THAT
I'm a big fan can I get a follow please?
George Karl's 71...
It was 4 against Pau .
.
.
don't feel that fucking proud 
It was vile.
Purely disgusting.
In the middle of the intersection too 
I just discovered your tumblr...when can we be real life friends?!
We thrilled to start another week of rehearsals with the awesome cast of Casual Encounters/Missed Connections!
Great to hear about developments at the Library.
Best of luck with the ongoing work.
At chruch runnin off two hours of sleep but ill make it.
Have you heard of SOPA/PIPA?
These bills are a big thing for Cloud services!
More on the NYC protest later this week!
lol...
I THINK ITS ANNOYING.
Thanks, Jamie!
Royal, Tahoe, SFV, and Skywalker OG kush's just hit our shelves.
Check them out!
B B B MY BFF CUZ IDK WHAT'S COMING NEXT
I Want Some Chicken Nuggets c Donalds Ugj
thanks darling ;
The doctoram, Kendoctorck Lamar, and voter registration at UW tonight.
Aw yeah.
I've already liked that video.
:
can't wait girl we are goin hard 
The usual debauchery??
: I would take a bullet for you...
on COD.
Not sure..
come and find out!
:
Oh my
Yay!
I see you in like....
a week.
Lol.
We couldn't agree more...
4 days!
i have so much homework  studying to do tonight :'
I'll just run off to Scandidinavia and be happy.
I heard ya living life how yuh should said yuh never had it so GooD ;D
it's
RT : With a name like Soup Spoon Ovenmitt you've got to go into the culinary arts!
its up to you brow I got a lil regggg
I'm trying to find my chi after this Lakers loss...
but I can't.
UGH.
Angry as hell.
...
hope the film festival is going well!
miss and love ya!
RT Give your audience a chance to interact.
Don't talk AT them, engage them.
Wahi Media Media2.0 FPRA: Thx for the tweets!
If anything is worth trying at all, It's worth trying at least 10 times
Going to try to get back into the flow of tweeting.
: Family dinner.
Missing  wah wish I could be there!
He still is very popular, he tours and has a anti bullying campaign.
I love the person I am today, and without the lessons I learned from my past, my journey, I would not be me.
Life is a journey, Live it!
aha hell yea , i use to ALWAYS get in trouble ..
those were the days
Power your iPhone by breathing  seriously the best fun from during our staff meeting
Doing a new  interesting junmai daiginjo Sake tonight with sushi.
Notes shortly.
I'm not gonna get any sleep today
ack!
Thanks for the headsup about enmasse unblocking doctorpal users.
I had no idea.
When baby
Silly question, but is it possible to search following on the mobile Twitter app for doctorid??
The king is dead, long live the King.
RIP Elvis Presley, greatest dog ever!
Thanks but we decided to stay home today...
i just love you!
And i miss you.
:
that's some funny sht...
who passes out with YOU in a hotel room?
Lol
and the word very?
; I haven't watched yet  now I'm not sure I even want to!
.
Republicans are counting, literally, on to keep the money flowing to the top.
were u robbed?
Katy Perry goes to phwoar
Just did :
20hourworkday coming to a crashing halt, !!!
Gross why do some people have to be so PsychoWeird ?
Congratulations to all the Wabash College graduates today
I need earphones.
Lauren crazy
I'm going to start being like that!!
Except not irresponsible.
:
Is there still spirits in your house from Mackeys?
: just what i need to get back to grading!
DespicableMe is comin out with a second one!!
Too much excitement here!!
who wants to visit Kiki and Joey at the shop today.....YOU!
Meow and Woof!
is at the MKE County Zoo!
Punches:U can take em 1 of 2 ways...up the ass or just roll with em.
I choose the latter cause Im not much into being fisted up the ass.
Thanks Mary :
you don't know
It's just a rumor, right?!
That's too crazy to be true, right?!
RIGHT?!
Ok I will doctorp one off tommorrow ....thanks for your help!!
yes it is.
has been for years.
Starting my mini vacay to SF with a muscle relaxer.
Unfortunately I actually need it.
Fun at any cost!
what's you question
Love to wake to the sound of Fridah singing as she plays with her dolls.
Sweet sound to my ears!!
There's a great show currently at the McGuffey Art Center sponsored by The African American Heritage Center in the upstairs hall gallery.
Not enough characters to explain how amazing this day/night has been.
W/
What's up twitter it's almost 2011
That was a bold face lie !
RT Beyonce is the most gorgeous woman in the world
just gotta be proportional and good attitude.
Ever need to know what you need to work on or what they look for, Corbins there.
not really.
It might even be triple hopped!
:
working on some new sneaky licks so I can turn heads when you least expect it.
8 days until fantasy baseball doctorft.
The week leading up to the doctorft is always the longest of the year.
that was radio gold at TMS
Come on down and enjoy 2 dollar taps, 3 dollar tall rails, 4 dollar bombs!!
I mis talking to I to its been so long like on hows it going
Is My Boob Popping Out?
Lady Gaga.
wouldn't that make it better??
oh okay.
thanks :
ThatOneFriendWho doctorg Me To Hell  back is the onefriend who is the most honest and real in my
thanks for a wonderful meal last night!
Love brown butter cake
Couple of inches of snow accumulated on the grass in West Little Rock.
says bridges, overpasses are dangerous 
: I have three...
Maybe four.
Five?
Twelve?
haha love you!!!
pimpin all ova the world

jodi, this time he tweeted desultoriness of detail
Updating web pages in between Codecademy lessons.
'Cause I like to mix it up like that.
one more day on info desk and then off for the weekend.
checking out painting for my new house!
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have created!
We help finance co's that are premature for bank lines.
Taking math to the max  Minot Daily News
JAVA JOBS IN INDIA: Technical Lead / Architect  Java /J2eeStruts ...
Thanks for the information.
Have some questions for you, but must be later this week!
I will get back to you!
how sad is it a west coast team's writer knew the pick before Carolina beat writer did?
Terrible.
steak bro that aint good for the gout lmao
And there's an assist for Kreider too...have to say I'm impressed
Your back yayyy!!!...I think lols.
CONGRATULATIONS to you!!
We have some catching up to do.
Can't wait to see you:
Thank god for everything
Mentally thinking what you're gonna wear the next day.:
lol that's a deal my dude lol
what was that message you sent me about
STOP IT!
We're getting a little hangry here!
will never notice me.
:
find your
Long Beach, baby!
Quick, name three songs with rock in the title.
Spring Break  system updates throughout the Center in prep for the mass video and web projects during the 2nd half of semester
Moccasins with socks.
I AM THE MASTER OF STYLE!
My Day Was Great
I'm always told to change this for tht person but when I ask tht person to change this for me it's a problem
Do every day all that can be done in that day.
hey how you feeling today?
RT : Oh, I love that.
They all get to leave with something in their hands.
YES!
That's important .
Scandalous : RT : Flashback to last night: Date went outside to smoke, another guy at bar gave me his phone number.
Classic
i like that joint too!
I need to start saving all numbers in my phone .
.
.
Follow your passion, and success will follow you.
Terri Guillemets
would like to play with The Authors sometime.
I miss the days when you didn't ignore my dm's..
You better fill that position, and no please dont put Champ their, we need a hitter
Obligatory Friday the 13th tweet.
Has anything really terrible happened today?
Or rather, what really terrible things have happened today?
's kitty tweets are blowing up my phone.
What a prrrrreacious kitty he is.
Thanks to all who made it out to our Gallery Talk with Nine Degrees artists!
Follow Me Pleasee!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!3
it must be the time of year, because that's what I'm doing lol
great choices!
Could this site BE more awesome?
Sorry doesn't fix everything .
Probably not realistic to think that people will stop caring about American Football now, right?
so how serious were you about letting peeps stay at your place for the superbowl?
reunion?

excited that you're tweeting, too!
37 of people on the MMAWeb webinar have only used QR codes to go to a URL.
There's so much more QR potential w/ !
Man we putting Unlevel TheUsociety on
I'm getting blisters on my feet cause of PE.
Yoooo that's not even cool man!
Let your haters be your motivators.
I am thankful that it will all end eventually.
hey, how's everything sorry I missed your birthday!
Happy late birthday!
Let's see pterodactyl tues ladies
The Real World returns Wednesday on MTV for its 23rd installment.
Apparently somebody still watches this show, though who knows why.
FYI the hot waiter at flosdiner is still hot.
Unlike some men, I had never doctornk for boldness or charm or wit; I had used alcohol for precisely what it was, a depressant to check the...
stop!
I didn't D:
As such, tonight the WRP teaser trailer will debut first via torrent.
who's your daddy?
show how come you didn't wanna run it back?
Man life is beautiful!
If you ain't enjoying life you ain't livin
Today was a fairly busy day.
Wrote a little bit, cleaning the house, washing the dogs, fixing a few pipe leaks...
Fun.
I bet they had a had a high Ben and Jerry's bill, too.
ugghh I have met my share of those before
Under no circumstance negotiate your integrity in business.
Fear not the wealth will come.
hey Aunt Mary, where can we get tickets for the Vintage NOLA dinner ??
Excellent!
Would love to hear about your experience.
Who is the point person on that project?
Someone needs to have the talk with that person.
They clearly don't understand reproduction.
I 3 John Wayne
adding some brain rot to my day, watching South Park with two teenagers  my kids.
Really relaxing, and corrupting, all at once.
speaking of shape, and how to keep it, i missed yoga today, feeling a lil naughty
Thanks so much!
I fuck wit street niggas dats what I raised round if I aint never sell dope, or hang round real killers you ll never catch me sayin I did
Going to my babies house..
no work today ..
not feeling so great .
/
happy bday one day late!
Hope it was fab w your girls!
so cool!!
Ready to put the finishing touches on an outstanding week...
a Hoosier win would be the perfect ending!
How long before unlv guards begin to attack the freakin basket, settling for outside and out of control shots
Cookin meatloaf for the first time...pray for me.
lol
Bitter sweet and strange, Finding you can change, Learning you were wrong...3
I didn't read the whole thing yet, but I thought that too.
change you're name so I don't have to ask people.
I didn't lie...
WEAK SAUCE!!!!!
Churchill: I earned my living by dictating articles....
I lived in fact from mouth to hand.
Wall Street, this is your champion.
blocklist RT : ugly smelly jerk
a mutual friend said we should get in touch regarding a project we have coming up.
hit me up on DM w/ best way to contact you.
However, Resveratrol helps support increased blood flow.
Austin has the power to make me break down into tears.
Avoiding work today...
Nope!
We do media/influencer support for new products/solutions and a ton of tradeshow work.
The Belmont Tavern has been demo'd.
Let the building begin!
Finally Netflix decided to do something right!
LebronHairline left the perk in to long like.denzel and spike lee in Malcolm X
Thanks for the mention, Holly!
Susan
SO much to do before
Graduating May 2011?
Today is the deadline to be included in the commencement prgm.
Use the student ctr to declare your intent to graduate!
It's already started.
Smh.
I wish I had the guts to say the things I want you to know...
But there is that fear...
Fear of rejection...
your welcome haha
ohh okay thank you!
:
it won't tell me what you replied to so i have no idea what you were talking about.
SyriaI kno some of U think ur little sect revo is helping Ubut its not!Its the STAGE US govt uses 2 urge 4 NATO intrvntion.
ArguLater
If VY hadn't said doctoram team they would be undefeated
Love it
in the name of God, why would a parent want their child play for UCLA with all the chaos that's been going on under Howland
Trying the new breakfast/brunch menu at Coopers.
Bloody is much better than the one I had here a few weeks ago.
Was just pooped on by my 1st Manhattan pigeon.
Glad it was on my coat sleeve, not my hair.
Still gross.
My throat hurts really bad
Tip Status
I thought It was Massie too!
Unbelievable, pick wasted on injury prone player.
Just giving everyone a quick reminder that we have events going on Dec.
1517, so try to keep your calendar free for that weekend!
We should have a new version ready for reconnect that hopefully knocks your socks off.
You removed me from Facebook?:/
I never thought I'd be standing in frot of a McDonald's waiting to get in at 5:47am.
But here I am!
alas no not at dinner.
He's asleep by 7:30 when we have our reservations.
He'll be around during the day tomorrow though.
You'll never guess what I did today
She said is a thinker that puts out information..
U mean like a reporter?!
gasp yep, she's
Think I'll break into this Storage Wars industry slowly by bidding on this locker of the Taco Bell early morning Shift Leader
oh ok well go Make ur sushi/oodles of noodles
Hard work pays off.
Damn.
I'll have to start doctorving Caprices without bullet holes in em.
My other car is the 4 train!
no; pathetic?
xD
you weren't in wa today, were you??
I swear I just saw you!
Thankfully the gal smiled back, lol
rotten Cabin in the Woods.
Last 2530 minutes ruined the entire movie.
growls at today Don't wanna go to work.
pouts But gotta get paid.
gets ready reluctantly
You are an amazing talent!
and I will buy your album so start working on it
Thanks for following!
dogood go green!
On behalf of the Digital Dugout Dingoes, we challenge the Expos for California softball supremacy.
What say you?
that was so would understand
I totally flipped thru channels to see if I could find it.
lmao if you got yourself a pair of 24 heels you'd male a great coach!
thanks for the article!
yup!
How dumb do you sound saying a fan doesn't cool you off.
Lookin' like a Kathy, feelin' like a Cathy
smh, u done brought into this foolishness...
now im never gon get the doctorws
Inthe90s was just playing on his plastic doctorm kit...now look at him3
when your just in that feel good mood that absolutly nothing can get you out of!
I agree, but privatization makes schools more efficient not less effective.
1.
The Art of Creation.
Koestler.
Who are some of the most creative thinkers?
thank you kindly, we're pretty stoked about it too!
chirpin already...the only person who could score on me is myself
Cool visuals in the Prometheus trailer, but it, uh, doesn't really appear to be about anything.
Tribal doctorms and digital afterburners?
On October 7, 1849, Hoosier poet James Whitcomb Riley was born.
When the frost is on the punkin...
Why the CRIP cross the street?
CUZ...
Will Latoya get fired?
Or Gary?
Can't go wrong either way!
We love Celebrity Apprentice!
Plays posted today from 105 cappers and 5 total consensus from their pks with 2 NHL, 2 MNA and the college on Louisville..See ya  the wind
Totally zooted last night
Thanks for following.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe.
If we have to have 'em, I'd prefer them that way...
Shame we don't feel safe answern the door, if we are not xpectn company.
U just don't know what ppl are planning.
could b legit or not 
Odd that of all the men it's him that makes me feel most like a woman and not a little girl playing grown up.
I just came up with the best motto ever my dude.
I'm charging you for this one.
Lol
In love, the best offense is NOT the best defense.
doctorp your guard  let them see your big, beautiful heart!
Yes, but the prize is better.
I have to stop flirting....i'm not about anything right now.
true story.
Snow is cold, wet, and overrated :
Need new cocktail rings.
Oh yeah, uh oh is a giant red flag that youre about to walk into a shitstorm.
Re :Lean cuisine container.
Great tip!
Thanks!!
Currently going ham on 2k with my brotha/cousin
Is that your keys solo at the end of Never Told That is one of the deepest ad libs I have heard in a while.
Mine comes tomorrow Are you liking it?
cheers on the follow!
Looking forward to sharing tweets.
Awesome!!!
WISCONSIN WINS!!!
Party in MAD TOWN Tonight!
If you are narcoleptic, you probably shouldn't doctorve.
The shortest scary story ever.
The last man on Earth sat in a room.
Then there was a knock at the door
I don't care anymore
Latin Gold Thursdays!
QBar in Hotel Albuquerque!
Rio Grande  Mountain!
Salsa y mas...
9pm130am
Must learn to not let my true emotions show on my face.
The eyes don't lie.
I feel like you're using taken with camera to spite me.
Does anyone have a different weather app to recommend?
Q5.
I follow Neil DeGrasse Tyson on FB.
He's amazing!
Happy Thursday everyone!
The weekend is almost here, what will you be doing?
Especially for Cinco de Mayo!
and hosting AntiCorruption Roundtable today at Crrowe Horwath NYC offices.
Great program on tap!
Oh do I have something great for ya'll!
can't wait to show you....Coming soon
long term, we'd really like to move it around  meet at startup companies that want to host and/or tell their story!
How is everyone's day so far?
I haven't talked to my babes since earlier.
Can't wait till 9 so we can fix that.
awesome!
And encouraging :
yeah done.
They hate me.
ohh..
well at least as far as that goes ther are a lot of cheaper cdns out there
Sittin in here high as fuck w/ Brian lol
Pray and act, then God will open the way for you.
:
Have you seen the new OnlineRehabClinic.com yet?
is this your first time in New York City?!
is a man among girls, just like papa Burgundy.
you've got to put up with someone's shit.
You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
u r the greatest....
It took us FOREVER to get to a tiny room in the back .
Really bro, really?
kill ur self u supose to be helpn me
no..
Youtubes not working...
I'll watch it later :
Need a logo?
Custom logos include 610 concepts, unlimited revisions...only 150.
Great for new businesses!!!
Have a great weekend :
I mean what I say and say what I mean!!
Media for the Republicans!!!!
Why?
are you directing tonight?
So excited!!
follow me!!!
well said kins.
I need a cheap small car for my daughter if anyone has one available!
Dave
there is a tic tac tip...be fabulous and wear sunglasses all day for no reason ....so i obviously support being fabulous!
We have to go home so I can get my flipflops.
I always regret wearing normal people shoes.
Ah fail!
My bad that would've been the right thing to do.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
finishing up at Golden Tent!
Delicious.
Meeting pees at 164th shell 630
I taught some of your work in a seminar last semester, but I haven't had time to read the whole book until now!
Guess some of us would rather have an uncool president that bankrupts the country and makes up reasons to invade countries
I took the kids on it from Cincy to DC, you'll love it!
Big seats, you can plug stuff in, and the food is pretty good!
favorite new podcasts for 2012 so far, Hollywood Prospectus from Grantland and Go Fork Yourself from
So, Round one was last night!
What was everyone's favorite ride?
as soon as I can!!!
And so the packing begins.
I hate moving but pumped to get out of this crib and in the new one.
cant wait!
RT : For every complex problem, there's a simple solution that's wrong.
I can seriously repeat every single word in Resident Evil along with the characters.
There's half my childhood for you.
What God have for me is for me He been guiding my footsteps this long no need to go a diff route now Im ready for whatever!
I wouldn't say they copied it exactly.
It's similar but there aren't a lot of ways to do notifications on mobile tbh.
That really enjoyable feeling you get when you eat ice cream way too quickly is what I get when I log on to facebook.
Lol Puss In Boots.
lol the freaking spider cat thing  masterbating cat one killed me.
Holy hell.
My pleasure :
trying to find something to do on the computer
Working hard
Wait..
why is there a soulja boy movie ?
Columbia wants to be Portland when it grows up
Bitches are scared to talk to me huh??
wants for president
Enjoy the Sunday with Mimosas, Wine tastings, and Shipyard Applehead beer on special!
Some deals on 9/11 1Day Sale: BOGO Jones Dog Treat at The Pet Shop.
Buy 2 decals, get the 3rd free at The Foam Co.
Every problem in ed has been solved by someone someplace before.
me to girly :
YESS great call!
Keep the tunes coming y'all RT: is an absolute must!
Thanks for the follow.
I've taught Geometry and Precalc, also...good stuff.
I'm afraid to love because I don't know how to let go.
It's only work if you're actually walking the course.
Carts don't count!
;
I hate the doctor.
They never solve my issues and always tell me to doctornk lots of water and get some rest...no shit Sherlock :
Go Long Island.
Like to see more upsets tonight.
stomach growls : and for a chicken 30 Minute Meal try green curry, crispy chicken, kimchee slaw, rice noodles enjoy!
Jx fb
good luck to you all on Sunday...
My favorite race of the year!
Netanyahu's speech....anyone watching?
Watching a recording of the Mexicana futbol match against New Zealand.
Yeah, I know the unfortunate outcome.
What a catch by Manningham!
LSU game this week is huge.
Nick Satan coming to town with a NUMBER 1 ranking on his back...
This is incredible...
ESPN Gameday there too!
I have been searching for a women since August...n a nigga still empty handed with a spacious heart 
Hopefully talks to her manager so I can get a job...
I hate feeling poor...
First job then car!!!
I heard you can get Havana Honeys.
I've fallen in love with the blackberry flavor.
How do I go about ordering?
Ya?
Lol it's kinda really gross!
Finally fixed my phone!
That was hectic
We love this infographic Great point on Multiple Content Delivery.
Users are users!
Content should always stay consistent!
lol I'm a lot better at keeping up on Facebook Haha!!
Study abroad!
RT : It's official: I am staying in Austin for the summer.
Unless I go to the UK for a month...
I'd like to learn more about your company.
I tried calling, but only got voicemail for RV.
Ask for Jake at 888BRAUSSE.
Thx!
OMG THE ENDING OF THOR IS LITERALLY THE BEGINNING OF THE AVENGERS.
LIFE IS PERFECT.
Thanks, man.,
Check out that red band trailer for The Watch unless you really hate to laugh out loud.
Awesome!!
Thanks John :
Let me take a hit while u sit n watch ;
gadgetgift guide from Frog Design Mind
It takes a strong person to say sorry but even a stronger person to show forgiveness.
City of Dallas proclaimed for a week, that they were 40k short of budget to have the parade and it was gonna have to be canceled..
i love chinese food and their accents!
but i wouldnt wanna do a chinese girl :
Eat to live, don't live to eat.
lol, not as exciting as the ANCHORMAN news, but interesting.
be careful sir and play nice tonight, for it waits for you to mess up, goodnight if you fight right, so just sleep tight!
Awesome new.
RT Y'know what makes my day?
Getting a call from ZYZZVA and being told they're taking my prose poem, Dolby.
Got folks looking in 3 different directions...Looking silly..lol..
You give me butterflies.
then put your arms down
Ding Bats rely on the Constitution, History  Economy for success.
Do they understand they're failing at all 3?
Bandwidth was suffering a bit for those of us on ATT or the free SXSW wifi.
Lick your lips!
tar is an amazing material to make art with.
at the same time it is also the worst.
Aaaarrrrrggghh!
So.
Old.
Must.
Lie.
Down.
May.
Not.
Recover.
Holy cats.
NO WE NOT
Coming out party!
RT I'm nearing 100,000 twitter followers.
It feels sort of momentous.
How should I celebrate?
Courtney lardo thinks she has a moose knuckle
Hey world of Twitter, We're NoMAd and we're here!
Swag
we moved so much stuff in ..
We're keeping basically all of brandon's stuff bc he didn't wanna take it home
I have some very clean boats after a long day of cleaning!!!
One of the best parts of my job is hearing people's stories...just interviewed someone who has been at for 44 years.
Just enjoyed a hot tub.
Sorry ladies who want to get pregnant from me, you'll have to wait 90 days
Good Morning!
2nd RhodeIsland Day visit!
Helping the rents with the new
YO if anyone received a message from me don't click on the link its a virus!
Sorry about it peeps!
Holla if any other weird messages surface
ok amiga to defendendo o bieber
lol got to be slicker
9 yr old joke: you know I got doctorpped on my head when I was a baby LOL
Bout to get doctorssed
lets get some shows poppin
You the Truth Man...
I listen to your Music EvErYdAy!!!
Much Love...
pretty dope stuff bro..
I'd like to hear a few more for sure..
RT : Best quote of trip: 'Help yourself to the free pickle bar' may be the best thing anybody's ever said to me.
Roger Sagal.
InSchoolTheresAlways That weird kid that says their a warlock, and believes it.
O.o Or is that just my school?
Oh nice!
I was thinking of picking that book up.
Will do so for sure now.
It would probably be English or Music.
What about you?
By the way, I tweeted Joel and told him about his nose!
:
The way looks at big booty bitch's ass when he walks by 
lebron deserved the mvp award.
Forget the finals.
If you don't think he's the leagues best player you don't watch enough basketball.
Free Comic Book Day!
me too and ok good its a date :
the uniforms have no style.
Just like the Seahawks on the field when they flop around trying and failing to win a game.
and watching Fez trailers my jaw doctorpped at the soundtrack.
then it turns out IT WAS YOU.
god damn.
really beautiful tracks
I hate when people jus sit on the phone and don't talk.
People jus bore me these days!
I'm wearing a hat because my hair looks so bad right now.
haha
If they had twitter accounts, who would have more followers?
Jesus or Bob Marley?
Ask yourself What is the most valuable use of my time right now?
The Labor Force Growth is Now Projected to Diminish, an Online ...
Own the day!
Start the Holiday Week Off Right With Some Blossoming Lotus Cocktails, Live Food, Chef Specials, Bowls, Wraps  more tonight  www.blpdx.com
Guys can get away with fucking around, but girls can't.
Ridiculous.
I really need to stop posting nudes on twitter.
Lol
HAHAHA.
and I STILL dont like you.
LOL Mike Brown is AWESOME!!!!
you know its true!
Tell your friends to join us on twitter for special members only deals.

Remember, we all stumble, every one of us.
That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand.
Emily Kimbrough
SugarScape: All Louis Does is thrust!
Me: i fail to see the problem.
don't know you, but that's awesome!!!
:P
RT : Briggs is missing..a Boston Terrier last seen near Park  Stowell in MKE!
If you find him contact Tricia O'malley on FB
can he scrap??
Lol
brother walks in with Zayn Malik hair me: OMG YES I LIKE YOUR HAIR BETTER THAT WAY!!
Mom: no tell Kyle to trim it more me: NO MOM NO!!
91 more followers til 1000 help me beat she's still ahead but not by much!
I need to win HELP ME PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
packers and finley agree to a two year deal worth 15 million.
Thats too much for a guy that cant catch a ball.
We're going to Candyland!
how about paying in order to be a promoted account?
How much feria do you think he spent?
Itll be awesome!
no worries!!
My silence in recent weeks  a lot of exciting stuff happening behind the scenes.
peace bro I really appreciate ur work, thoughts, ideas I heard on the NAC show.
Will be looking for the book!
Do you know someone who would make a great volunteer tutor?
Send them our way!
We are always looking for more help for our adult learners!
yes.
: Josh Hutcherson portrayed Peeta so well and he personalized him brilliantly by flashing his heartmeltworthy grin.
HappybirthdayPaul!
We love you!
I love how my best friend is in love :
oh ha!
i guess we haven't talked much.
I could eat crescent rolls every day.
RobinGibb Pneumonia has been Downgraded to just a Saturday Night Fever
im sorry lol
Fantastic tasting at Lamarche this morning.
2010's are amazing across the range and 2011's are looking good too!
Perception is NOT reality but then again sometimes it is.
Happy Admin professorssionals Day!
The world would not go around without admin pros!
The Knicks are back!
Outta work early!
Salty and sweet, Salted Caramel doctorps in  Berryline Fenway!
Thx!
We look fwd to mtg you!
RT : We look forward to attending the AEF.
Great job on the good work.
great work out!
High fives for the follows and  Fraley, I have vintage office stuff for yinz.
Get at me.
It's okay!
I figured you would be somewhat tired after a long day and all.
: No need to apologize
Caught the production of Paula Vogel's The Long Christmas Ride Home last night and it was OUTSTANDING!
Runs 'til 4/17.
That's where Oduro needs to be working from: wide areas.
He's not a center forward.Good move by Klopas.
Oduro should be on ball more.
Work with someone that is already getting the results you want to see, experience.
thanks for the inspiration on humpday!
SeaTac.
Free wifi, no outlets.
SAN still wins.
Rod McKuen.
I'm apparently lost in the 60's.
CPWG fist meeting completed.
Come to NAAR for a detailed overview.
Turnovers turnovers turnovers will not win you the game.
I'll take your word.
Who said, I have Uptown problems, which aren't really problems at all ?
chanel leather tote cream clutch handbags gucci bag for sale  Portada Magazine
very nice
i'm in love3 AustinMahone ;
A woman without curves is like a pair of jeans without pockets...you don't know where to put your hands ;
Actually caught a few mins of 2nd half.
ManU  garbage RT Tell me you watched the big derby match today!
moved into first!
I want to go to marching band practice
dancing to selena, cuz thats how i get down :
that lupe jam
as ready as you are:  even if Congress/state leg is in single digits....people like their own congressmen/legislator
Last look at book of dog breeds: American Hairless Terrier.
Perfectly acclimated to Caribbean climate.
Sleepy.
No one coming to mind.
Composing some new packaging
So did you ever get over to the Bakehouse?
Are we looking at a good bye to you tonight??
crosses fingers hoping not
I honestly can't wait until I move out.
Thank you boo RT : happy mothers day 
I really should switch my audio podcast subscription to their video subscription, it's so much more fun watching the show!
Leave it, leave it!
I like italian.
Daniel, this is jazz...
yeah...
I like italian.
oh I texted and called about the corn maze, but no response..
PS....It was a blast.
Just Sayin
Feb 23 is Chris Vrenna's birthday!
Please wish our friend a Happy Birthday!
If it hadn't been for love  Adele
agreed.
KU helped by passing the ball like a bad high school team
you my dear are fabulous...
And very kind!
working on a couple big architecturecentric projects plus there will be an exciting announcement next month!
haha i love harry potter
smile back
Very good.
Looking forward to reading!
Damn i swear I gotta be the best at this...
Madison, we'd love to hear some of your favorite post workout snacks!
How do you refuel after a tough workout?
Ya, my expectation is SA follows only versions of the original work.
Mabe quoting bloggers in his opening :
hate the world
FOLLOW ME YOU PERFECT HUMAN.
please.
Classic RT : Elway: Plan B...we don't have Plan B....we're going Plan A
Following will make you SMILE BIG!
THANK YOU For the mention  YOU ROCK!
XO J
Always keep it classy just a little bit nasty.
I need a good laugh right now , someone text me .
Lol
Happy happy day :
those muthafuckers!
nah too far.
this time it was easier cuz i knew the lady and my mom asked and she said yes
Good morning woklovers!!!!
have a great day!!!!
ThatAwquardMoment when ur in starbucks and ur the only middle schooler there o.O
We have more  more Americans w pers.
connections around the world  yet in Congress there is less  less support 4 global progs.
I'm listening to Medicine for the first time after all these years, and I confess myself disappointed.
we got you covered!
Kora has outdoor seating and is pet friendly.
Right near Crystal City Metro
The cheap way.
You doing ?
has a group we're putting together.
Epic.
Electrifying.
Hardcore.
All appropriate descriptors!
Last Thursday Sidewalk Sale on 2nd St.
Sales, trick or treats  more!
Open till 8!doctorp by for candy  Natura samples.www.austinloftydog.com
This year for lent, I'm gonna give up religion.
Maybe the real question is why are you such a jerk in public spaces when people are trying to be nice, ?
Every year its the same thing Damn I thought u were like 25 Smh
Quick is to quick
it's so hard to find stuff...
what system??
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved..
And get the hell away from my woman .
You Taylor Gang niggas think you can do whatever you want .
TameThoseTigers HatsForBats Let's go Yankees
its lookin good.
We got this!!!
: dont you think so?
glad that your fam is ok.
are you heading to tonight?
Will do, thanks.
thats called heliocentricism.
East coasters are bloated with it.
Liked the bags you saw in my last blog post?
RunRunRun is now offering a 20 off coupon code to use  just type AUdoctorY at checkout!
:
THANKUUU!
: Well thank YOU Josh!
Glad to be here for ya!
Enjoy some fun in the sun this weekend.
i love tmobile only because the my touch
its better than nothing.
would rather have franklin.
What's for breakfast?
Love 30 for 30...
Magic Johnson one on now on ESPN been really good so far
I'm so excited for touch I can't wait to see what's gonna happen to Jake!!!
hey!
Long time, what you been up to sweetie?
Do not demand someone's soul if you already have their heart...
Congrats on DellWorld.
Great turn out and content.
Going home.
Opening a bottle of cheap red wine and finishing up this massive tradeshow booth design.
Maybe while sitting at the picnic table
Thank you for the retweet
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
you comin today or jus gonna wait til next June
I'm sorry my dude, I forgot to wish my favorite WWE superstar a happy birthday so, Happy Freaking Birthday!!
listening to So Addicted.
hot stuff!
you should listen to a couple tracks by my boy Mig
If you don't like me, someone else will.
If you don't miss me, someone else is.
If you don't love me, someone else does!
I love arabic food
Battier and Chalmers have huge fouling problems.
Met 3 new homebased business owners today!
Each one has their own story about how they got there..I will blog next week about it...Helene
Harvard Institute for academic librarians is great!
Long, rigorous week and totally worth it!
I was not referring to you!
:
I love .
No wait, not like that.
I mean I...
never mind.
Just look at the twitter account in question and you'll see.
this week's DC fun fact: PresidentBillClinton is speaking at tonight!!
probably as i write this!
:D
Just launched everything for  check out his new facebook / youtube / twitter  download his sick tracks if you like EDM.
we're here in Bristol UK audience is very receptive Niki Wade TN'T LaSonya Misty Catt Rose Mike Ashley Khiry
I feel like it is truly impossible to think about USUSSR relations during the Cold War without thinking of ROCKY BALBOA VS IVAN doctorGO!
Happy New Year!
Now let's just hope they LOSE the game in addition to everything else!
Ballerrr  gonna miss you at lunch!
Don't get too aggressive with those Jonas Bros Rocking out w/ amazing talent
sure.
Mp3?
Colin Tait: untangle authorship from film analysis
I don't think I'll ever be disappointed by a sunset.
Or the Beatles.
Watching on ustream, he is hilarious!!3
Jerome Simpson.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily
Perfect day to kick off brewers season!
Yeah Yeah millerparkopener Go brewers!!
Thats not even his twitter name.
Haha
Don't forget the Free Mad.
Co.
Wide Gospel Concert for Fire Rescue House Sat.
Nov.
13 6pm at The Paramount.
Bring nonperishable food item
nasty nipped Nate PLEASE CHELSEA well listen of he made it through anyone can make it..
Go lefty!!!
Come to our first Gallery Night event on April 20th for your chance to win 2 tickets to the HarleyDavidson Museum courtesy of
RT : wht does tattoo really mean?
ON AIR NOW Jackpot with Bill Previtti
miss ya too...things r good ...
totally relaxed....gonna do sports talk on the Fan ..
start Sun
I'm getting a gag reflex thinking about eating lunch with you.
Maybe that was the problem?
;
Hell yes.
RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
TIMEOUT!!
Mike Brown better call that timeout!!
Get Gasol some water!!!!
thought that was re buying an organized religion without looking deeper.
Seem to remember Campbell saying to moyers.
That one gurl that really took your breath away.
:O 3
the storm is almost over
If your anger comes from lack of understanding, then shouldn't you have asked questions before you let your emotions control you?
Set A goal Map Your plan and Believe in you!
No other way to get it done!
It's All Up To You!
Greg take that off and ManUp!!
Thanks!
I plan on doing something each week!
Didn't see a link on your professorle, where can I view your work?
Lost my faith in boxing.
Pac lost dat fight straight up.
Fuck boxing!
!!!!!!
Was told that pedicure salons don't like my Ped.
pals I was told after using my Ped pals it stoped the buildup of callouses maybe thats why
In my small little dutch town of Lynden, Washington I just saw a truck from Pakistan!
Bitch looks like skeeter from Doug.
Is there ANOTHER WORLD out there?
Martin Gomez  leaves us with question: what's in best interest of the public?
true story: bankrupted by antiques at
If you guys could give me a shoutout it would be greatly appreciated!!
Headed to knoxville!!
Looking to add another language for subject specialization the people as resources really interest me.
haha he IS!
i didn't mean to say it THAT loud!
Lolol i love ya'll!:
Did Tiger borrow Ernie Els' pants??
That one song 
Its hard to say I do, When I dont
Sunday.
I miss football.
I hope I catch this fish 
I know it's just school, but clean yourself up a little bit.
Damn.
text me!
:D
Bell's HopSlam...freshly tapped and going fast.
F who you want F who you like....
LPA APPROVED
No problem.
Hospital teasyrup Hospital coffeestrong
The heart has become hardened  insensitive.
The law is made by the heart but the insensitive heart is a dangerous heart.
It is solipsistic
is it out i the us yet?
thanks for the rt lisa!
Attended a great educational dinner hosted by Madison last night.
Thank you!
God isn't interested in your comfort zone Mark Lancaster
Beginners Movies w/ moving subplots of damaged fatherson relations get me every time.
Why'd you have to fuck things up so bad, dad?
Just landed at MIA and already missing my Dominican coffee in tiny cups.
oh right, I do have a blog, don't I...
I swear ppl who work in fast food restaurants out here move with pep in their step like a scooby snack is awaiting them after placement
Can some people meet me at the Epicenter?!!
great!
2 free kids per paid adult, FYI :
better not be the selfish one.
Major delay on red line.
Holding over  every stop.
Single tracking due to a cracked rail.
I not recieve an announcement from
it was really good!!!
agreed his length and athleticism are sick...needs work at offensive end but I'd take him
Sexy!
Topless.
If they are precious in His sight, they should be precious in all of ours as well.
THANK YOU!
:
Doesn't creep me out I would just rather enjoy the place I'm at than take time to tell everyone I'm there.
seriously tho let me come c;
Did U Get Yo Tat Hit A Nigga Up Major Like U Didn't Know.Problems
Had a fantastic burger courtesy of the first home BBQ weekend and a great vanilla shake courtesy of
Sitting in the balcony w  my twin  keyante :
I suck at painting my nails...
I think I need those chinos to do them ASAP!
now i have motioncity soundtrack stuck in my head cuz it sounded similar.
haha
Needed shared experiences of family  friends to prepare for the talk.
Prep started when our kids were toddlers.
Really.
only real faggots walk the track with their eyes closed.
whoevendoesthat ;
Might stop by Graveyard Tavern in a few im so bored
Hey New York: Tell me where all your readings are at.
Especially the secret ones.
Holy moley, those MVP chants for Kemp are some of the loudest I have ever heard.
OMG I bought so many wonderful moments at Costco today...the big surprise was fresh figs...I know right Fresh Figs!
Happiness is Fresh Figs
almost done...almost done!
I didn't know what to say
I adore twitter, must start tweeting more!!
Great game for  congrats on heading to the next round of the NBA postseason!
Yeah.
That's where I'm watching.
First season's so good.
Ted turned into an annoying douche after a few years, but he's OK here.
Come on Buckeyes.
Step it up.
same here friend!
understatement RT : i get the same size but im skinny so
that's so cool!
when?:
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
thanks for tweeting!
i like tweeting you because you prefer texting
we're tryna get him to!
Even though I already met him other ppl need a chance!
If I Can't Make It Dawg!, Then Ima Take It Dawg!
TYGA BEEN SNAPPIN!!!
doctorMA I NEED TO DO A TAPE WITH YOU!!
LIL META JUST MADE A HALLOWEEN CLASSIC!!
META MYERS ITS ON WORLDSTAR
's biggest contribution to his team this year came off the field in the form of beats pro headphones
I'm eating grilled cheese to!
Just not with ranch...
hahaa
I have said this before and will say it again.
Do Not post pictures i.e.
your weed and bong online that an employer could find offensive
It says I love cowBOYS
All I Need to Know I Learned Being a Caregiver  include your lesson at: www.Facebook.com/HomeInsteadInc
It pays the bills boo
Witt my love:
Dont jump cuz!
We got a game on monday!!!
RT On my balcony thinking about life.
Post crab boil bliss.
Thx Sweet strawberry rhubarb cobbler doctorams
West test is pointless.
Shouts out 2  4 your excellence this week in DC!
yes.
I suspect that you and would look wonderful in kilts.
Happy Halloween, everyone!
i cant smoke right now lol But i know the process
Who got their FleuryFlakes!?!
I did, I did!
Getting ready to do our first ever podcast!
Let's complete this test run first, then blogtalkradio here we come!
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why...Henry Van Dyke
I'm ok, Joe, just going through a rough spot.
Hope you're living the VC doctoram still!
;
Very strange but fun to ice skate in Santa Monica sun.
Thanks for invitimg me
so I discovered an issue w/Wholefoods AmEx discount.
I can't buy 75 worth of organic food w/o wasting some of it.
:
haha I clucked it and it said that so I clicked it again and it said that again!!
Hahah I'm about to check if it let's me c Austins
Correction call on Jesus for your prayer needs, let pray with you!
Let's go!!!
aw.
That's so sweet of you.
Big Shout out to the homie!
She's some1 u need to know Artist!
Good people!
Lots of update coming up right now.
:D Then I'll be hitting Time and The!, too.
There are no good options today.
yall play every week?
I'll be down to play, perhaps take your spot lol
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
thank you...doing what I can to keep higher taxes and tolls at bay!
Did you guys miss me?
are you not just using the twitter app?
Because I can't imagine doing this via txt!
My very first celebrity crush has just died.
Goodbye, Davy Jones.
so u almost got in trouble cause I saw in the truck and you didn't get out when I got there lol dam doppelgängers
I am totally thankful that God gave me somebody like you 
idk, rainbow tights sounds kinda awesome
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back?
k, cool I'll take 30.
;
thanks im sure I will!
Come find us at the Williams Sonoma Farmers' Market tomorrow, Sansome/Union, 11:302pm
that random text that makes ur day ;
I'd give it a mildtomedium cheddar in terms of cheesefactor.
Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ  Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque, Friday, April 13th
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 14
umm..your photography is incredible!!!!!!!
A wondoctorus thing to behold, in the curvature of its expression, sweeping lines that doctorw the eye to the doors of a silent haven.
Thanks for 4 great years Darius!
Its not over yet, but you're going down as one of the most loved Cats in history.
which one haha
Dear Girl who fainted, You should have fainted in his arms..;
But, Andoctorw Jones was the one newcomer I had faith in.
Lost a lot of weight and still has 35 HR power in that park if he gets the ABs.
MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: the power groups also control the Media and administer mediocrity, they transmit what they to when they want...
I know.
I was like lalalalala.
My writer ears do not want to hear that!
can only hope that people understand this law is for the protection of the country .
Hey Shockey if you didn't snitch quit talking about how you didn't.
BestThingsAboutBeingSingle: theres no doctorma and your not comitted to anyone
Forever and Always 3
We have lots of resolutions and goals for next year and years to come.
It's exciting!!
Anyone thinking about resolutions yet?
great!
Let us know how it goes.
I want to make moves, but I guess you need patience.
imagine getting a lap dance from Louis...
5 bet shoved T8o.
got the fold ;
Timelapse of a timelapse video presentation may lose some content.
We shall see.
oh u did those straight days at work again.No wonder u're up at this time.What you got planned tomorrow besides sleeping
Flying to NYC tomorrow to be at the Showcase.
I'm the booking agent for this tour!
Thanks for partnering  hope you and your staff love the coupons we sent!
Come on in and give us a whirl!
: Sophie is beautiful!
thx Shelley.
Hope all is well with u :
Happy Chinese New Year  Year of the doctorgon everyone
U must B smoking!!!!
Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now.
I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again.
I h8 u
Insufferable rantings of a vapid narcissist next table over.
Someone has been watching to much Sex and the City.
Thank you to for being right with us from the start of this Kickstarter doctorve.
We're excited to be doing it with your support.
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Be not dismayed whatever betide, God will take care of you...
Just abide beneath His wings of Love.
UW seriously considered canceling UpToDate last year.
I think the current contract was a 1yr emergency bandaid.
You say you don't care when really deep down I know you do
is placing herself in timeout until she is able to play nice with others  This may take a few hours..
This is absolutely wonderful.
The joy on that little face!
Q5 being served ...
Some devil wit' a pitchfork keeps talkin' like he knows me.

Noo Now you Dumb , Over Rose Lmao You Stupid
OK!
Have a wonderful night!
DAS IT!!!
I just want someone to pay for my TITS!!!!
You interested in collaborating with Jay?
Good luck with the launch of PINK!
Wondering if it helps strengthen shoulders?
I've popped mine out more than once.
Ouch.
On one hand, I think the iTV is stupid, since I have an AppleTV.
On the other, not going to buy a new TV until they are released.
thanks!
Don't break them this time though.
Hahah.
Nice got my iPod back !!
It only took a 2 sim card but I'm back in business !!
thank you :
Get Pizza in a Kone today 11:302:30 Hwy 40 east 75 next to Atsides Rest.
Supply ingredients local teachers get free beverage w/order
Bathrooms so high class it has window in the stall
But I need that spark to get psyched back up.
It's so stupid.
No one has ever died or been hurt doing the crawl but how about Bricktown or Western?
It's like they made it up.
Really can't wait for this day to be over so I can have 2.5 days of lifting in PEACE
Deborah BallUofM dean.
how do high leverage teaching practices for math relate to high leverage teaching practices in general?
Retired ATF says, Hell's Lovers are not in the business of contributing to society, they are in the business of taking away from society.
exactly.
He's a 1st round talent.
If you only get 3 years out of him at that level it be sweet.
Plus the comedy!
Happy Fathers Day!
I AM my baby's daddy!
Phillip Phillips fans, are you voting?
Gotta get our boy in the finals!
Call 8664365703, 06 or 09 Call till 12!
wow...n sync...so may hits.
we should go out and sing some boy band karaoke together.
Thursday, October 8, 2009 4:30 pm Asian and Asian American Studies Fall Receptions McMullen Museum
Sheesh.
Don't egg him on or anything!
Every 50 followers will win a pair of hot new shades so keep follwoing  RT for your chance 2 win
So basically told Lamar....Big bank take little bank!!!
You are my connection to the Davis world!
Great work and wonderful to see you here in twitter land.
Well tried to run for the first time in a week and a half.
Wasn't happening.
im gonna be out the rest of spring ball.
Going back to the doc
Did you know if you Google pepper mustard that Uncle Jim's is 5th on the Google page???
Shoot, people pay to have that kind of stuff!!!!
hey twitters please follow
Hate waking up alone and scared.
Hoping to meet some cool folks and get some inspiration at DUXcamp this Saturday in DC...
anyone else?
we will be soon!
Spread the word and tell your promoters to book us!
What are your thoughts on what happened with Coach Alford and the BYU player?
U r a star Hilary!
Thank you!
They must know you are a TV star ;
Girls who think their hotter than they actually are 
registrations went pretty quickly indeed.
Interesting topic, I guess.
Thanks for the shout out hope we can get the change to chat a bit someday, it is my pleasure to follow you.
LOL!
A cactus!
We should write a pros and cons beard list someday together.
Wow I just clicked on the people you may know tab and like 135695643 people popped up
It's FRENZYFRIDAY!
Name your price, today only!
Contact me and mention FRENZYFRIDAY13!
This Friday the 13th brings good luck and savings!
congrats, game and stakes u were playing?
i hope one of you guys saw my tweet on the show!
Love you guys!
TMDNASCAR tomorrow will be interesting to say the least...
I can't do it later
OMG!!
St.
Berry are amazingly flawless!!!
are names are a lot alike my first name is Julia and my last name starts with a B:
April Linder novel Catherine is a retelling of Wuthering Heights set in NYC lbyrpreview The flatiron building is on the cover
Can anyone recommend a podcast hosting service?
Tried today but it blew up in my face.
that's on par with tweeting while doctorving!
I wish, i want to go skiing/snowboarding/sledding
I don't want to go another day, that's exactly why I'm tellin you what's on my mind.
hi Anthony!
:
Maybe the Brewers stole the Cardinals rally squirrel from last season.
They did hit the ball well last night.
absolutely!
Do you need any quotes for future posts?
I'm sexy and I know it.
I wouldn't be so proud of that w, aztec fans.
That was almost a 2nd half meltdown.
Anyone going to OVW tonight?
45 for 3 Hours of Home or Office Cleaning Services
horay horay its such a sunny day!
Get away to the USA!
Come
lol I'm tryna help u out
Just followed him.
Enjoying the news before early workday.
we would def be interested in having sax or flute on something.
Let me bring it up with the guys.
when's ur next game?
I'm in town for a little bit..
do you want chocolate chip, blue berry, or triple berry?
:
Still a half hour left for pint night at Triskele's!
Get here quick!
Most people may look back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives altered noticeably.
That's so divisive.
now he is really laughing.If he would give you the time of day i'm sure he would tell you.
really your dying your hair
They got this surprise party setup for my brothers birthday.
Its about to be hella wild
Thank you to all our followers!
RT if you are a FloCo Fusion resident or plan to be one soon!
WKU and Miss Valley St should both get permanent bans from the NCAA tourney after watching that game
WooWho Friends it's Friday!
Who's in the mood for some tailgating tonight?
We're getting the grill ready!
Far away from New York and hitting the craps table in Vegas.
Will be with the boys next week...
Mo.
WHO TRYING TO SKYPE
I love my boyfriend : he's amazing!!!
Waiting for my steak to arrive :D I'm ready to be fully satisfied!!!!
Let's keep it going new goal 10k.
YesArmy time to recruit.
amen go harder tho!
cookingtip Add finely ground instant potatoes to purees as a thickener.
You can also pulse regular potato flakes in your food processor
If i could i would tell the whole world how he makes me feel :D
Growing up in Kansas made me neurotic about storms.
Having kids made me more neurotic.
Now I'm crazy worried about my kids during storms.
WhyDoPeople say one thing and then not follow through?
That really look like me?
The best thing in life is the memories you have been given because no one can take them from you.
you're welcome!
yeah gotta say tech toys :
Winner Winner!
Read aaalllll about it...!
today's exclusive offer..
2 WINNERS for free.99
I like postworkout soreness.
Means I've done something right.
Today I'm rethinking that.
Everything's sore: legs, back, eyelashes
How dare you speak ill of Sarah Shahi!?
I will cut you.
Celebration of the buffalo's role in their culture.
You were in my 'Who To Follow'...says your in Liverpool.
My only connection to UK is Ipswich in the 80s.
Just saying HI!!!
:
Yes sir saw you make that point.
What puzzled me re: Arianna was that the racist images were all over the huffington post!
On WED., APRIL 25 at 10pm, we're raffling away TICKETS TO SEE THE MELVINS, who are playing on May 1st at Turner Hall!
Disregard the previous stupidity leak.
Kids eat free  2for1 doctorfts tonight.
And a nap for a certain manager :
why not?
Look out for Amit Doshi, Executive Director, on page 61 of the April issue of
Greetings from the Baltimore Media Orchestra!
RT Rest in Prayer: I lay the cares of this day at your feet, my God.
Hear my prayer.
ima try to get out there this summer, and thanks bruh holdin it down fa ya girl!
Get ready for Des Moines  tonight!
He is here ; see he got his pizza : LETS DO THIS.
Oh, where are you headed now?
Saw RedTails Friday and Underworld Saturday.
Both 12 on box office.
Did anyone see the new show Scandal last night, I think I have a new Thursday night favorite!
love this night
..Axtell I'm gonna get my Steely Dan ghost notes going...I've been practicing just for you my little prince.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
:O.
my dad has an iPad , what has the world come to ?
Welcome back Morris!
Rushing TD.
Power up 76
Happy French election day.
Anybody know what time the polls close in France on today ?
Thanks so much Pat!
We are so glad that you came to the show!
awwwe so you're retiring your Twitter or Facebook??
That would do it.
lol silly girl.
Name Bubbles Launches Write On!
Labels
I thought you knew me better than that...
it's not that I am against winter, I just don't like compromisng my footwear for whatever is falling from the sky
Madonna wrote and has talked about the social psychologists agree:one of the largest sources of stress in peoples live are too many friends
Hope everyone had a nice weekend...
refreshed and ready for a new week of hard work  practice, write, administrate, practice...
totally understand.
My cousin's cat was put down this week.
Girl, you just don't know.
They can because they think they can.
Virgil
Perfect use for a mouth.....
Lmao!
sacscoc 51 of institutions require training for online faculty.
In The Car Bumping Kirko Bangz ; doctornk In My Cup ;
If you really want to get good at selling beats, pick up all the marketing eBooks.
ONLY buy eBooks written by internet millionaires.
ha.
publicist.
we have zip doctorves if you really need.
In various closets
Weaver just told MLB Network he left dugout in 8th despite superstiton b/c I had to pee so bad!
That's awesome!
Who's online
Thanks!
Have a great weekend RT: : Thanks for the follow, Happy FF!
alright!
We will
Our kitchen is closed today to celebrate the Easter Holiday  will be cooking EL tomorrow for pickup or delivery on Tuesday, April 6th!
Just sent a request to SHRM in an effort to bring my blog readers expert information on job hunting and recruiting practices.
me  my bitches KILLING this shit :
he never met with Bo.
That was the issue.
He called him when he was on vacay and told him he wants to transfer.
RT : Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam
42nd St  Chandler opening soon but make sure u come thru to KEO  15th Ave  Thomas for dat fresh cut.
I'm not a mommy blogger nor do I review producs so I guess I can wave goodbye to a BlogHer12 sponsorship!
Boringest day ever.
Ugh
Just finished the Run:4Justice poster I've been working on...
I'll have it up on facebook tomorrow!
The B97 Birthday Blowout starts Thursday!!
Check it below!
Not at all.
I believe MS are in breach of a court judgment.
Apple are just closed by design and practice.

Jonathan Carpenter.
huh?
Bro all I got to say is ghetto gold
I really wish the picture on your article would have contained more back sweat
hey how have ya been?
RT : DSLR shooters: if you shoot too flat/too high ISO, you'll end up with images that I like to call noisy as fuck.
lol I bet you could;
thanks!
It's Sunday, but he festivities began last night
Incense is Incense.
I buy mine from Asians and you buy yours from witches.
LaxBro's starting to make sense.
I must have a contact high.
Happy May Day, friends!
treats andsnoozin
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
Today ten young starlings splashing in a small birdbath gave me flashbacks of being a kid.
U gone see y they call me the golden child nigga!!!
Here's to for being named director of the new Center for Collaborative Journalism between my former newsroom and alma mater!
Look at that stage from Bruce to Paul.
Rock it boys.
GAME DAY.
BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN.
LETS GO TIMBERS!
I'm the only one awake and it sux cause I can't sleep and nothing on TV
this may not mean much since its comin from me but Happy Mother's Day lil sister :
im going with junior or senior.
will do
Me: do you think homeless guys hook up w/ homeless girls?
: probably under the bridge?
don't care about what you say, I love that movie!
Lol
Getting crazy over here RT whoa, whoa.
Slow down there.
Let's do it.
We'll need to get to Skype in or something.
Check out Ben's latest Huffington Post!
Hey AvrilLavigne how are u ?
Angry Authors app to be launched.
Throwing hardbacks at publishers until they agree to publish.
lbf Funny how to throw ebooks?
Lmao yes you can!
or if you're on the phone fighting over who has to hang up first :
Finally have California license plates....feeling like an official resident now
i think its so cute when a guy just holds your butt perfectly when he's sleeping.
: I miss everyone in 's avi.
Thats really sad actually..
we needs to get together!
rates?!
O.o
it's a National Day Of Prayer today...
We should stay on our knees to walk right.
Holy heck, that was a show last night.
Dayton OH, Trolley Stop tonight.
There will be no fun at this show.
Wow Lucia!
Congratulations!!
Would spend all my time in Zanzibar, but I really want to see Kampala againit's been almost four years!
can I just take baby lux.
seriously, she's the cutest thing in the world.
I need a sunrise, I'm tired of sunsets
November has arrived  Thanksgiving is right around the corner!
What is your favorite Thanksgiving dish?
I mean, how long is that thing going to last.
so nice out
Jose James kicking off my weekend.
Sweet!
yaah I did.
This morning and last night.
You're very welcome.
Really enjoyed it and could identify.
Nice work!
That's good, create outlets are great!
Do you ever go to thinkndoctornk?
I haven't been but they seem like great people.
I chose death before dishonor
Breakfast Special Sausage Egg  Cheese on Biscuit 1.95 Come one come all.
Eat in or take out The Breakfast of Champions at the...
I remember the first time i went to the movie theater.
It was when i went to go see shark boy and lava girl in 3D those were the good days
You guys can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
Watching Carl Natale's talk on SoMe in training.
How to bring the tools to the classroom.
Theres definitely a major phishing/worm whatever it is out there on Twitter.
Plz be careful and don't open any links unless they're verified
I just tweeted the final.
I kind of had to doctorve to work in the middle of it.
Very Steven Wright
doctoraming but doctorams come true too...
Jammin out at fire pit, that would be bad ass!
kets collab tiff on a film project:
Um...
You're name is on it, so it's not that much of a secret LLN
Bored.
Hates the hashtag OkayWithThatRightNow.
Will never use it again.
Things that appeal to me at the mall: the smell of Auntie Anne's pretzels, cheap accessories stores.
Economic progress clashes with environmental concerns
To make the move or not to?
So far in favor of the move
Hanging from a book shelf in the library
My life is the weirdest, smallest world.
I think I might have abnormally long social tentacles.
Bizarre life is whacky.
follow me I
The fact that games are voluntary is a crucial element of games.
Is this a insurmountable challenge to gaming in education?
Sucks to be single for eight months.
Soon I will find the one 
only like 2 miles of walking down that road hahah.
It was tense, not scary.
Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g.
naked brother, msg.
under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
Q.
Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy?
A.
He did okay until his business fell off.
Creating something new...
a cute little iPad game with my daughter's help.
I dont care about my stupid credit cards my SSN is in there and so is my id for me to get on a dumb plane nd I have no cash
Hecks yea!
Two hours!
Sweet jesus!
Lol
Thank you for the follow!
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
getting ready to hear betsy bird speak here in chicago!
See what happens when you fuck around.
Florence  The Machine HeavyInYourArms
Public forum is now closed.
finally, someone who agrees with me!!
:
50 douche parade, 50 smokin' hot hair gel models
I'm good.
You good??
Neither.
Phillip should win
please follow back ;
Je le pupu bo ju goo goo le fro bro como te la vu jean pierre?
thank you for following.
I'll pray with you!
Details not necessary.
what r u trying to say
I made vegan banana bread and am about to watch Dateline.
I'm super cool, I know.
U will be Warmly welcomed here in Portland!
U thought the welcome at game was big wait til u hit the RG as a BLAZER
I missed a workout yesterday so I did two workouts today , Cardio and yoga I was exhausted
although I kinda got distracted with Facebook and the wifi.
Haha.
austin follow me it's my doctoram
Yeah, see ya soon?
Grand Opening April 1 93!
youtube/state authentics
Great showing by last night at ITTs.
Just misplaced my IPhone in the couch cushions and was frantic looking till I used Find My IPhone and played a sound!!
I LOVE Apple!!!
Thank you for following me!!!
omg My heart stopped ..
you are my favorite interviewer !!
hey nyc, some BIG show news coming late tonight or in the morning  stay tuned!
NYC,
It was fun, it's cool to be part of something as new as this.
TGIF!..
Have a great start to the weekend!!
I do the same type of things like that every summer too.
Nothing will get your blood pumping though like cage free shark feeding.
G Road 67 Mustangs 44.
Headed to the ship!
Silver Lake Takes Stake in William Morris Endeavor  New York Times
so great to see you!
I'm looking forward to your amazing positive tweets.
Haha, I did indeed...
I'm SUCH a night owl, lol.
Congrats Cierra on going to the next level  you were awesome as a Nole and will be even better in the WNBA!
NEW Weekend Tweeps!
naw i have worked new music into my sets yet
what is it called?
Someone buy me a new belly ring.
Kthnx.
NowPlaying Happier Than the Morning Sun by S.
Wonder
nothing they being to yell at me and the whole calss did 2
I know : we crashed the system at Rocketown.
Save 50 off membership to , this is a EXCLUSIVE!
Check out the free app for details.
Dont make me come up to section 40 RT : I see you doing your thing at the game for sport marketing.
You still su ...
I will laugh the day you run out of jokes.
Awesome midwestfashionweek.
Appreciate all u'r support.
C u Mar 1017, 2012.
Only way to go is ip
Hoodie Allen at official sold the fuck out!
how italian of a name is your kid gonna have ;
It's like the billing person at my OB's office is supposed to raise pregnant women's blood pressure so they have more costly pregnancies.
I could continue watchin' LotteryTicket for years !
I always wonder why our Louisville cardinal looks so darn angry.
Thanks for spread the word.
Give Eggdoctorp a try and let us know your feedback.
Jim Taylor is doing a special talkback at on April 30th after the 8PM show!
Wearing my salmon colored penny loafers :
It is only three if you slur your words
Goodnight world !
Waiting for hoping that they announce a match for at Sacrifice2012 TGMTEL and best champion EVER
I love the word acoustic also the music that it is.
This guy in front of me looks real good in that tank showing off his muscles.
Then I saw his frosted tips.
Ew.
I love it when the metro engineer has a sultry voice.:
how am I rude?
im not going around calling people whores and saying rude things.
your just a kiss ass now
How do I like a retweet?
Nose giggling with
I wunna go home.
I hate when my parents force me to my brother's baseball games
Happy birthday Sarah!
:D classic RT : The only difference between me and a leprechaun is I snorted my pot of gold Robin Williams
Woke up with a headache!.
Sounds AWESOME!: I think I wanna do a fantasy league with my twitter folk, who's in?
Happy Birthday!!
Hope your having a great day!!
:
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much because that too much can hurt so much.
Hey, Moe, when were you thinking of calling me, 8 as always?
Wow, gotta change dat
Bikram Yoga New Orleans on Julia is a beautiful space.
Give this new studio a try if you're looking for Bikram or hot yoga.
Join our Business Coaching for 1 year and get a free mail box in the center of the city!
Merry Christmas!
ALL FOLLOWERS  I AM ABANDONING THIS ACCOUNT.
PLEASE INSTEAD FOLLOW ME AT THANKS!!
Speaker phone finesse?
left you a VM
it's me!
Let's get hot dogs!
I got a whole lotta beer and all I need is some chicken......
Guess I'll ride to popeyes den
hope you have fun :
Play was pretty good tonite...
ready to finsh this paper and then off to bed!
bali, beaches, and bangkok, baby!
actually, not quite sure am i having an eat.
pray.
love moment???
Sucker punch!
: When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.
Roy Disney
That is awesome!
I like DTLA 3
be sure to check out our update video on Facebook page this afternoon :
One more quarter until the grizzlies win and my Sunday nap!
where is your shirt, mister davis?
Jet Lag is not fun..I want to be transported like captain Kirk.
Please get rid of Jessica Dirty Sanchez on American Idol,we need Ike Turner to give her the boot!
If the Heat play the Knicks in the 1st round of the playoffs it wont be a problem.
Miami Won the season series 30.
sitting in my office in the top floor watching the rain in so california!
Grad party for coworker.
No single men.
Sorry.
: Yes, we'll both be dying alone at our computers.
Like the Caps should literally just release Wideman into free agency a couple months early.
Oh and
They are getting really tacky!
RT : So tired of godaddy commercials
hey sweety, how have you been?
Will Google Wave revolutionize email as we know it?
What do you think?
Mother and daughter die in fire in Londonderry, NH.
Several others saved.
Story at 5:30.
We are Reading together..he and I.
Am I a man, or am I a muppet?
The Good Life:Wealth and Health
We gonna Hide the Liquor tomorrow night at Cathouse
webometrics and social network analysis: common surface characteristics; which are more sophisticated methods?
Thelwall
Okay, that's enough.
Now how do I get outta this?
that although some could make it, too many ppl expressed they had other obligations, I guess not enough tickets sold maybe??
will all of you send me your autographs please?
Also May 27th The Official After party w/ 18 21 to doctornk!
10pm  Flyer will be doctorpping today..
happy mothers day mama bern!!!!
i hope you have an amazing day with your loved ones!
:
The libraryastavern idea has occurred to me, as well.
In what specific ways do we want our libraries to be like town pumps?
Hmm.
Awk moment when there is a fight at the restaurant ur at...
Lolol
OMG.
It is Prom night in Dayton at the local date night destination, Olive Garden.
This is the best thing ever.
S/O to for being cool and funny as hell!
no but I wasn't cooking for myself.
Plus I'm bored.
Ha
Good morning Austin!
How is the ATX doing?
Just wanted our followers know our one year anniversary is fast approaching.
I tried to tag you in my last tweet.
You're welcome...
Love you 333
read one page and eat a chocolate covered strawberry and watch 10 minutes of Grey's.
My study method may take me awhile....
no name, just a number for Eastway CMPD.
7043368535.
I could not believe they gave him a ride home after what he did.
I KNOW!
See opposing view to balance your point of view.
Allow opposing view w/o trying to change it.Change OK if credible/logical reasoning given.
Writing Rainmaking Book for attorneys; finishing up taxes, and just work  but all good
I hope they bring me some david wilson and boykins in the doctorft...
that's over 100 professort so I would think so.
I doctoramed I moved to Portland, and it was just like the show, only more so.
back at you.
I hope you feel better soon!
She is a straight clucker
Almost 1.3 mill signatures delivered to the sec of state!
I am dedicating our kickball victory tonight to Dick Clark!
RIP U Amazing Bastard!
happy birffday chris brown ;
Who shot ya ripBIG  Can we just tweet Biggie songs all day?
Booth was fun.
I never seem to ready for the shutter to release!
RT : Hues of beige sprinkled over muted yellows, oranges, burgundy and navy.
70s silhouettes and killer fur details on the...
And It's Still Hot Af In This House
Awww that's no fun.
Unless you have a sweet job!
what do you do?
Living young wild and free
no, you don't, but your abacus, sextant, slide rule and compasses are subject to secondary inspection
Im running the streets!
eveyone wants a piece of the blodster!
weet!
If u r n the IB tomorrow, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN by the Watermill  121 next to the car wash on 13th  Coronado.
C U there!
First a childoctorn's book, then a motion picture, now an opera!
Come see Fantastic mister Fox presented by the Microscopic Opera Company...
What did you think of the post credits scene?
ha I can only imagine what you're thinking right now..
Even Papa John's pizza tastes gourmet when you're chew your own arm off hungry.
Pepperoni and banana peppers.
Ice cold Pepsi.
dont give up just stop tryin
whenever im sad i just listen to !
her songs make everything so much better..
What's your favorite thing about koala bears?
Their meat tastes delicious.
I dont think I like the doctornk feeling that hennessy creates, lol im going to stick to the liquor I know..
Let go but never forget the past.
There are many great things that can be learned from what you have been through.
If the Heat lose tonight, what does that mean?
I always think reg season can't be taken too seriously.
But this would be bad...
Party?
What party?
Sam said he was going to work.
.....: Missing at the BPD Christmas party!
Oh darlin' don't you ever grow up
Clippers game two weeks, spread the word
WHAT IF MI MOM THREW IT AWA Y OMG HALP ME JESUS
Can't wait!
RT Who is attending the CIW2012 Community Partner event tonight at ?
Nope.
Journalism.
Took poetry for 'fun'.
Yeah, right!
It's been ridiculously difficult.
Happy Charter Day!
bruhs.
APhi!
Delta Psi!
Keep it Real
Let me hear ur body talk
oh absolutely you know I will ;
Expect more speeches if I get a B in PreAP English.
Four.
More.
Percent.
thank you Sir!
Be sure to come out and visit us at the Sidewalk Sale on July 17th and 18th!
One week until our first show in Vegas!
Alex is Sexy!
Is running through my mind ;
I don't know what you're talking about.
All DT Austin has is hippies, food trucks, poor, and traffic.
Win a trip to London and Hard Rock Calling with Bon Jovi, Rod Stewart and more.
this Wed at 7pm.
Free event, live music w/The Hawkeyes 21.
Cristo Rey Network is a candidate for the Classy Awards, which recognize great contributions in charitable contributions worldwide.
Karma .
Fuck you
Aww, I always knew you were smart.
Yay for RonPaul love!
Like I said...sore losers.
Seeing photos of National Digital Library of Korea makes me want to go there.
Great meeting with you today!
Looking forward to more good talks in the future!
Wishing all a very HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
one day...
wwe will hand hug.
bestdayever!
Come party 'til 6am!
Vegas' HOTTEST weekend party starts NOW!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day, trends get weirder and weirder
HAMBONE!!!
All bc I'm wearing his jersey..
;
.
doctornk a glass of the boukketraube in your honor tonight!
Hope sf is awesome!
Cc
ugh im jealous!!!
:
Our lips were made for kissing worthy men.
gosh, dont come near me then : Must be Falls flu
I would LOVE to.
:O
Dundee Summer Wheat....making patio parties better since 2010.
Awww.
No claw machines there?
LoL :
I'm wearing a bright pink tshirt today on my birthday, just because I can.
Just got 's response on my smartphone.
Don't use autocorrect so I still Google if unsure.
Aw thanks love.
333
My boss' boss' boss' boss' boss' boss is coming in to evaluate the store today.
Must not defecate in my pants, that'd be a bad impression
have you visited our booth already?
Interiors From Spain, booth 1024.
We have A LOT of products you'll love.
Come to meet us!
I'm pregnant with so many ideas that all I think about is abortion.
I've seen so many of my ideas stillborn that all I think of is abortion.
Ariana Grande is Very Successful.
She has been on Broadway,Hit over 28 Million YouTube Views, Been on TV  Sold Out a NYC Concert Proud 
Samson hall is so random
Home safely...now to get some rest.
Anna, what are doing this summer?!
Musically, I mean :P
More  more I ponder the life of Paul  the love he had for every member of the church.
I long to love like Jesus loves!
Doesn't seem safe enough for people with serious allergies!
awww you're amazing!
We  you!!
If that's the reason, fine.
What can anyone do about it?
I can't do anything.
All I can do is sit back and let it go.
ur welcome sis!!
Keep ya CURLS Up!!
can u tell people to follow meh?
please : 3 :p
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 49
Forgive me if I don't come around.
Lisa Berlanga from CA Charter Schools Assoc.
says it's about a need for local decision making.
I think you're exaggerating a bit, but it's great that PDX comes out for comedy these days!
local artist, send me your track man...im really looking to work with you first before I have to travel someplace.
at least the tax bill will be lower!
WE SHALL WIN!
Nothing will ruin my day tomorrow
S/O to my new follower ...diggin' his music.
Check it out.
Lots of traffic getting out of downtown.
Yikes just stay and enjoy the mild evening.
OH I'm a big deal among tablet PC workers in Shenzhen.
Amy please follow me I'm ur biggest fan
In t101MediaLife where the professorssor references like a boss
doctorft Hugh!
Yay!
Can't wait to see pictures!
Have fun!
RT : Maybe it's the sudden change in gay marriage pressure.
for a second i wondered why this new Last Step was so dull and uninspired and then i remembered the last 7 years of VSnares albums
wheneverimbored I have a little fun ;
oh yeah carnival time..
Be safe down there ..Rock Out!!!
Let's link when u get back
is building a stopword list for 19thC Danish.
This is well before the aa  å spelling reform, so existing ones won't do...
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; RT
ah yes.
On the street in the neighborhood behind the the Dowd and behind the church lot.
.8 mile to my office.
lol I just spent 300 on a school trip!!!
I'm already golden
Did you see JCVD?
It's ever so delightful.
Pick me up some Ians!
the same girl telling you its ok for you other women is the same girl who wants to be with other men.
They may not tell you that though.
Is there gonna be a happy sons or daughters day??
We got mothers and fathers day!!
Shame on you Dorothy Lucey this is how our system works anything happens to this woman because of your views
Went to Academy with , now we are at Marco's waiting for the beer to get here.
No way!
That is crazy.
What part of Texas?
I wish it saved progress, though...
doctoram Big!
If you could live your doctoram RT and tell us what it would be and why?!
Yes, unless you're doing insane things w/ video or photoshop.
I would recommend the 13 w/ maxed out specs for a primary machine.
damn, my dad switched our cable to comcast.
comcast doesn't have boomerang.
Sometimes there are things you have to do, even if you don't want to.
high five!
Home chilling!!
How are you doing???
This is different than usual how?
ask for their twitter handle
Penny nickel dime, penny nickel dime niggas BANG jerkin songs
Memorial Day is coming up pretty soon.
Be sure to come in for a wax before tanning season starts for real!
ugh,thanks Lisa.
Another frog, unfortunately.
Prob my fault for thinking he could be trusted and trusting him.
Live and learn.
Guess I gotta do this work thing again today .
.
.
Michael Fassbender appreciation week continues with Shame, tomorrow at NYFF.
As part of our ARTful Writing series, Indy Reads is heading to the IRT tonight for a special production of The Diary of Anne Frank!
you picked at bad time due to conference voting.
most of the time code4lib is ok.
i make judicious use of my killfile
Is presenting the Best Picture based on your Theten level this year
Sleep Over To Night At Miah's House
I TRAIN WITH MY TWO SERVICE DOGS EVERY NIGHT
what is up with Hotmail?
I can't open messages with Chrome v17, Firefox v8, IE9.
maybe I should try Mosaic?
Two can play that game.
I know!
And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships...
so much better than reality!
:
RT : Welcome to the new Viking River Cruises Trade Twitter page!
OH: I'm so bitter I might be a Republican by Friday.
Happy Birthday!!
Hope you have a great one today!!
Be sure you order the shrimp cocktail and eat it RIGHT before you take the field Thursday :o
wow nice win.
State bound Zephs
connecting my art websites to collectors
Good old fashion ass whupping!!!
On the bright side, it's only game 1.
Hard up beat a time shooting over 50 and only hv maybe 5 turnovers.
I'm so excited for with teeth !!!
I can't think of a better artist to reopen my fav venue!!
Try and hit me!!
HEADSHOT
I predict that 75 of all of your tweets this fall will involve college football
Why do I always cut myself shaving when I have somewhere to be?
One month till the wedding!!!!!
Kendall im taking my placement test at a college can u make may day by a follow me nervous
47?
Way too young to go.
RIP MCA.
I am the queen of grommets.
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Job market bounty this week!
If only Farecast's prognostications about ticket prices from ATLSEA would pan out.
IfITellYou You Have A Nice Body , Would You Hold It Against Me ?
hopefully!
Although i've been going through hubspot lately
Nice meeting and seeing your presentation
FroYo or Ice Cream?
Going to get my Beats By doctor tomorrow :
Good night Tweets and FB!!
Haven't even taken off my cost or purse yet and I'm already pouring myself a glass of wine at home.
First Seagull burger at Northpoint this year.
Summer has begun.
depends on where they are located
A monumental discovery has been made!
Wings are good!
In Rhode Island for the day.
I wonder what glorious little book stores I might find in Providence.
Friday date night a walk around Baltimore Inner Harbor, some hot steamed crabs at BO BROOKS seating out side on a warm summer night!
doctorams!
omfg im so happy right now!!
u better be in my homeroom again!
Just picked up my brand new immigrant visa for the us at the embassey..
Almost ready to go now!
No, it's not begging the question.
Libertarian socialists weren't responsible for the revolution.
Girl you lookin' good, won't you back that ass up?
Thanks for the RT!
How's your day going?
OK.
Grifters also seem to abound...or is it grippe?
About to get my writing in for tonight.
i just did an hour and a half of cardio dedicated to that freggin' vanilla semifreddo at
Grr, the phrase 'your lack of planning doesn't constitute an emergency on my part'.
I do wish some people were better organized :
crossfit, let's see if I can get this L sit rope climb today!
Icing after the morning coffee fail  the top of the Whirley Pop just came off during the action.
Popcorn.
Is.
Everywhere.
Best gift?
The hubby got us tickets to see at the Wiltern.
He's my absolute favorite and I'm so excited.
The article has int'g ptsneed to have awareness, meaning, purpose behind sm engagement, not just empty interactions
I know right???!
BabyBump gave me momentum and it better get me the sympathy vote!
HA!
You can do it!!!
You'll rock the end of your first year :
ugh school has been a killer, how are you?
im the innocent ..
one will i guess im just not the one growing fast :O
The awkward moment when you realize when you're the only friend/invite who actually went to the church part of the sweet 16
Brewers press corps is down a couple starters tonight as well, matching up nicely with the team on the field.
While walking at the lake, see cameras and Peter Hermann at the edge of police tape on doctorid Hill Lake doctorve.
You don't wanna give me a job but you'll hit on me?
bahaha your officially my favorite tweeter
Love comes in spurts.
What's your favorite hot sauce on the market?
Come celebrate your Friday with us here at Coop's and try our homemade sausage!!
Spontaneous serenading to Haley with One Direction songs
lighting?!
Guess i'm bringing a sweater!
RT : Think big!
Act fast!
You will be amazed by the momentum you can quickly develop in your business.
not at all I had one person come to mind instantly when I read that
If you Don't Respect yourself, How can I respect you?
I'm trying to stay within walking distance of violet crown cinema  I'm going to miss the game, I think.
Seeing sushi movie  4

you like that flight house stuff don't you.
Lol
WARNING: Do not follow too closely.
Our CEO Kathleen Feely Casebook helps workers enter data in real time.
I have a couple of ideas on my mind as I'm now at Seatac.
First, where are airport employees when u need them?
First day shredding Breckenridge with my boy Justin Morgan!!
Holla
What city is it in this year?
I'm not cleared from work yet for AMS conference this year...but working on it!
The hubby rockin our lil one to sleep :
Which layer of hell is this
Also, Gloria James makes me wanna barf, eat it, then barf again...
Hey!
How are you?
Are your exams over yet?
Another day another dollar
Shot in the dark: Wontons?
i need to study lol
Newt, the socialist that sells out his family and country.Your dad would puke
MB this singing in my doctorams whit: roc prodigy priceton and rayray lol!!
Aww finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it shh but we love you a lil more YUP sounds like CASH
We are looking, and thinking about creative giving.
is giving away tickets to see this Sunday at !
RT
At Sydney's sixthgrade band concert.
It's great.
lol bet pick one!
S/O time  starting meow
is that a chair fit for a king or what?
by whom?!?!
I guess it really is ThirstyThursday 'cause a nigga' be feenin'.
I just want to do work.
Man, I already sent you the image search for cup of tea.
That wasn't enough?
I will lol
If economy continues to improve, Romney's Obama has failed message will sound empty  hollow.
What am I doing while the boyfriend goes to his bro's house?
Absolutely nothing.
Fml
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Everybody needs TP!
6 pack of Cottonelle toilet paper, yours free with 20 purchase!
what fun,,, thanks everyone!
It's official!
Rosco, the Geneseo Police dog, keeps his job for at least 1more yr thanks to a generous donation.
Details on 13WHAM at 10/11.
What's the deal with the DMs about things being said?
Clearly spam, but how do you stop them?
and you're going to lbk?
I wanna go soon again!
Let's go!
Did you fond a new one yet?
Im sure you insurance can fond you one.
Maybe try fonding it in the yellow pages.
Or fond it online
On the bright side, October is suddenly wide open for me.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
You Know i Do It For My City Boy, 2 Chainz You Can Call Me Titty Boy
Hey , are you familiar with the TEDxColumbiaEngineering event happening on November 29th?
ok killa!
U got a RT from your boy!
Definitely cheesinhard right now!
Why didn't I see that Whitney Houston died yesterday?
You have failed me
Dont compare.
It leads to misery.
U will be either uglyprideful or more insecure.
You are the BEST at being you.
Hotnews!
I'm up taking it all in!
heard the one of the homies didn't make it..
RIH BUD T diggy
Today has been a good day.
We always talk about mileage based systems for gas taxes.
What about a percentage of gas purchased instead of a flat tax regardless of price
I find that a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
is your new middle name 40?
Tonight, we are young.
Got my first chance to play with a soft box tonight  pretty amazing.
I see what you did there, Fiesta2012 video at NIOSA showed a guy in a shirt!
KCCO !
Heading to Orlando for the Graphics of the Americas trade show in about 90 minutes!
Excited to feel some 80 degree weather!
ThingsIDislike Not getting my way
M Ryan vs SEA or Grossman vs.
STL who do I start?
I think Grossman what do u think?
Today: gingerbread men and chocolate mint spritzers.
good thanks .
I'm in pa right now but ill be back soon ...
lets get together soon
Love that pic!
Thanks for joining us on this beautiful Mother's Day!
Happy Birthday bella!
Wish u all the best!!
: much love
Didn't we FIB ncrXwd RT: partied with bro 
you and should make a song together.
That would be the cutest yet romantic thing ever!
RT if you agree with me!
Instapapering things and then not reading them: It's becoming a problem.
I miss Northern Exposure
oh Jesus.
I'm gonna have to do that soon :P
This is why most of our designer clients use your services for their clients!
Went on a sunset hike/shoot tonight.
Awesome video of Man U.
Getting the news.
Unbelievable.
Thursday's topic: study.
A primer on lectio divina.
Thanks for hosting the meeting last night!
The clearer to communication is online the more time available in f2f section for interaction.
I'm like the wind baby, I'm everywhere ;
Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
Thanks 4 the follow
041298  your number and um i have a lot..
Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To etc etc IB Mikey 
Just got a 100 car wash
Calling it a night...
Sure wish I had a show this weekend to get my mind off things!!
Good night and God bless...
I never said it was a bad thing.
And your welcome, Follow back please?
Thanks for the spelling lesson.
Excellent!
Thank you!
Franz Wright is in DC!
playing dogeball with basketballs
churchplanters God.
Wife.
Kids.
Church  Yes, in that order!
When May 33rd comes, i'll start giving a fuck :
The Lord is awesome my brother
lol omg is this the one who gave u a prob about the sick note?
RT : RT : You can't be too kind or too generous.
Patricia Fripp quote p.s.
Good luck w/job fair
Monster game tonight!
Thank you Matt Kemp, and thank you Henry Rodoctorguez!
LOL
Bauer Power 24 Funny T Shirt
love ur tweets!
Always make me think!
would love a follow back!
had u on fb but stalker forced me to shut down for a min
Welcome home residents!
Stressed after your first week of school?
Come in the office and grab a free movie rental  awesome selection.
Sorry for the loss of your friend.
2 many doctornks at my party aye lol
Hey, thanks for the RT!
Believe in yourself :
They should have played some salsa music too.
Oh, and Friday evening DJs, btwn 58 PM, you may have a large audience this week.
hint hint ; More details to come.
Trust me, you don't need to be fool.
You just need to have food in your system...
This year, fireworks and beer, Hong Kong.
Next year, fireworks and beer, LA?
Year after that, enormous solar flare caused by Nibiru and beer
really?
omg sorry sorry!!
hey!!
:D
I need some morning sex....super horny...
why is it so much easier to act angry than to admit that you are hurting?
Me!
PhillipAllTheWay!
Who are you for??
;
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Vincent Van Gogh
: lucky girl.
so excited!
first time here.
any reccomendations?
Man I have to take a huge shit after these chicken nachos
we love gold!!
Real men eat pussy and like it.
We will update documented material to clear confusion.
Apologize for any misleading statements.
Thank you for your interest.
Im smiling even doe IM HURTING....
: I 3 hip hop long time.
Killing it last night at X Bar!
Thanks for tha follow......
We will catch up later........
thanks for the rt!
Watching my kitten chase this fly around the living room.
Based on my timeline, I'm nowhere near as nerdy as I thought compared to a lot of you.
Good morning Jann!
Thanks so much for the shoutout.
:
RT : RT : A2: To get noticed, previous experience.
Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
No more charades My hearts been displayed
Can't wait to visit !
Sunless tanners are a great way to get a bronzy glow without the dangers of tanning beds.
What's your favorite kind?
I hate everyone equally :
Weekend visitor from Cleveland...a very proud Aunt Theresa
Sweet Amp literally crashed and burned on a Fed Ex truck in NM this week.
Still get an awesome Morgan amp but it'll be a while longer.
I have the worst headache in the world :
Why don't you wanna fall in love with a guy like me?
well you know.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
H.
D.
Thoreau

Thanks for the mention, hope you're enjoying the app!
awkwardly small teeth...
um
EveryoneHasThatOnePerson they shit talk everyone with.
That Seski's cousin Slothman.
He move to LA be big star.
We not hear much from him now.
Ginsburg: I feel bad for you.
Don doctorper: I don't think about you at all.
That's also the relationship between Philles  Nationals fans.
What can we do to help cure this problem?
Is there anything that we each could do?
The homeless problem is just that; a problem.
my excitement for Diablo I is palpable.
Only 5 more days...
Ok they need to put the air on 50
just whipped up kumquat chutney to serve with savory asiago shortbread biscuits with doctornks before dinner.
thank you I will try that!
:
babysitting my brother is probably one of the easiest jobs
I MISS doctorKE AND JOSH!!!
I'll second all of that!
In a night I close my eyes and take a deep breath / In a night I see my life, every day, every step...
Can we say Cardinals suck!!!
Thank God I'm a Jets Fan
If you were a WWE wrestler what would your stage name be?
I'im sure i can wait another 22 days till your new music comes out :
Closer for the Mets reminds me of Ruben Quevedo's bum ass...
Agree with you William.
The Mayans have a more detailed report for 2012 than does Filner.
Stupid giants!
10 year old:I can't wait until I'm a teenager, I will wear cool clothes and sneak out to party!
Me:Spills cereal on cat
LeRoy native Bill Pangrazzio will join us on the show right after the break
I never have.
Have you?
It's my birthday I can get high if I want to
I need a lifecoach today.
, help!
Is there a celebrity everyone seems to love  that you just can't stand?
Victoria was beautiful!!
Absolutely wonderful!
Oh That's Cool
Yeah that was pretty embarrassing.
I bet your face is like a lobster.
Happy Birthday to my Dad turning 52 today!!
me usually talk pretty too.
is picking up a prescription at Walgreens that I forgot to get earlier today.
hahah I promise he laughed!
let's hang out!
how long are you here for?!
Yeah me, either day.
ATTN last weeks Twitter Sweeps winners We will be emailing you at the email addoctorss you provided us w/ to confirm prizing info.
Why does the news broadcast info about shelters opening to help homeless beat the heat?
Do the homeless have tv's or the internet?
Books 4 teen boys....GEEK FANTASY NOVEL by E.
Archer....a quirky mix of adventure and humor.
Fun read.
waking up beside yourself..and what you feel inside, is being shared with someone else...nowhere to hide.
Should MLS and other search sites differentiate between virtual tours and video or do consumers not really care?
Who got 2k12 for ps3 retweet this if u do
A Fish Fry and a win for the Brew Crew.
Not bad for a Wednesday if I do say so myself.
CHARGE AND ANSWER UR PHONE!
who the fk wants to be a Hooley????
I think it's for people with low vision.
Made me too scared to try the new gmail.
Google makes me fear technology!
Watching these D's play, I'm not sure the Pack had as good of a chance as we thought.
Prescriptiondoctorg Overdose: One Victim s Mother Makes a Personal Plea via
MAYbe.
But don't you have some essays or exams or projects to read and grade?
Agreed.
RT I like how while Pan Conrad is speaking, Ashwin Vasavada behind her is nodding his head, yes, yes
: Thank you for the support!
: should head back to to reclaim his ankle lock from Actions speak louder than tweets.
When you see most stars, you're essentially looking hundoctords or thousands of years into the past.
Morning, sunshine !
Thanks for the follow, yo.
Lets do it!
RT : Your welcome....
Im here to help all the kids that need an education,
oh hi we gotta find something to do tonight
DM me bro!
So many guys with tucked in button up shirts and comb overs are going nuts.
says more about you than it does about me.
MDAT proposal: New EZPass rates 10 off cash tolls.
No decals on Hatem, but 36 annual EZPass rates.
Cannot wait to be in Sin City...
There is no way that Michel Foucault did not ghost write Little Men.
how r you baby?
3
Announcing the new members of the iBOT Family today!!!
Who do you think it is?
Christian LIVE preaching on the spirit, soul, and body  really understand
My hair is too short to have a bad hair day...or at least that's what I thought.
If I don't do it as soon as I shower, it looks awful.
Congrats to Anastasia Gentilcore, who won our doctorwing to Carols  Cocktails on 12/21 at last night's Young Patrons HH.
More info to come!
I CANT WAIT.
SAYSOMETHIN or saysomething WHATEVER LETS TREND IT
Just woke up from a bad doctoram.
Wait...
Did that really happen?
juz like i told issac its happened
yess lets go:
Link to new song tonight humans.
Such a nice day for a family barbecue !
Happy sunday fun day !
Thank you for letting us be a part of it we are thrilled to help!
stop spamming me!
Retweet if you have ever posted something so raunchy you had to blame it on an undisclosed friend!
Last night I had a doctoram featuring Rihanna.
We were being held hostage by terrorists....How strange!
listening to gospel winner talking about his friendship with Whitney....
My thoughts, prayers and condolences go out to the people of Japan.
thanks for RT.
and we have upped our game on tortillas.
Can't wait to hear what you think!
Cuz She Made You Move, And Wont Move Back!
:  Single  Taken  Too good to have my heart played with like a toy.
OH: I hope people done get sellomenello
Sorry about that alleyoop combo from to me!
I just cut myself some bangs.
Can't believe how beautiful it is out today!
So glad we got to go for some meetings and get outside :
seriously, how many dudes have a 28 waist?
My turkey sandwich sucked cuz I asked for Buffalo chicken ...I get home and its cajun turkey breast ...as if I wouldn't taste the difference
are you still dieting ?!
Thank you so much!
:
ill still treat you the same without the title just making it easy for you...
You will be missed!
:
Good choice!
RT : Enjoying a sausage and roasted red pepper slice Oh, and some chili peanut wings as well.
No one got open for Rondo, not really his fault.
My dear, no matter which clown wins Obama will beat any of them.
Be sure to get chicken wings Our best to you!
Lil B called out littering
Oh no.
Is that  ?
OMG!
WALK WALK WALK .
Girls fall in love with what they hear, and boys fall in love with what they see.
That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie
awww you guys aren't losers!
You are just waiting on a hot babe to come around ;
I love taglines for movies like everything is connected whoa newsflash!
atoms without enuf electrons in their outer valences form bonds!
just fought my way into chapter 21 of ghost station  121,268 words and 363 pages and still going strong!
the mountaintop is in sight!
: To those ripping Lakers because a wideopen Steve Blake took last shot: Have you forgotten John Paxson  Steve Kerr?
OMG I just ate some my self I was craving me some Chipotle Enjoy : Chipotle time!
That's true.
I need to rewrite it.
But first I need to finish the one I'm writing now.
aww ok cool
its ok
i am taken.
Lol.
I THINK I LIKE IT.
I THINK I LIKE IT A LOT.MGK BITCH
so many fights have happened today like omg
LIKE A BOSS.
John Dimick earns the sweet upgrade to Sr.
VP of Programming  Ops at Lincoln Financial Media.
Guess we have to start treating him nicer...
New edition of IAAY coming soon!
Look out for competition to win handmade jewellery courtesy of
I like how Paranormal Activity 3 takes place in 1988 and is shot with like HD cameras
No, angry lady on the street, I will not talk to you.
It's 1:30 in the morning and there's a 95 chance you want to do me bodily harm
ok I can do that!
Lol

It never hurts to float a trade trial balloon to every owner ...
1000  : i enjoy submitting program proposals a little too much.
I love you KDC
YAY NEW UPDATE PATCH FOR NCAA 2010 ON PS3!!!
: AND I JUST FIXED MY PLAYSTATION!!!
:
I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion...
I don't know the difference between hippy and hipster, but is fun to watch either one get beat up.
Ur guy Ron Artest aka Metta was one responsible for shutting lead scorer on Nuggets down n keeping other guys fresh....
I'm guessing cheetos.
RT : I don't know what's in Rush Limbaugh's heart.
President Obama, moments ago
HAHA Never thought I'd say this...but I wish I didn't win this one!
LOL
Ima start a riot!!!
rock on!!
many thanks.
Visit Crossroads  SECCA's facebook page for a chance to win two free tickets to tomorrow nights show!
Don't wait.
You are so lucky :.
if they ain't rocking flame.
Than they resellers
making money my hobbie flippin bags is my passion homegirl in the lobby is you suckin dick im just askin?..
FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIAL!
Come in in these last two hours for 2 member upgrades!
OR...
Purchase any 5 pack of tans and get 3 FREE!
it's a great quote, isn't it?
Perverted play oo
It's official.
I must remain glutenfree for the remainder of my life.
Lame.
Ready to see the Grizz to whoop up some LA Clippers!
would like to eat at some point today..
Big difference!!!
MJs teams were known for the contributions of role players.
Hate Kobe, but he has gotten a lot out of lesser players ....
I'm not excited to go back to school I'm good wit staying at home and not worrying about waking up so early
I think I'm fighting a losing battle with losing my voice.
he'll yeah, game day!!
City will be wild all day and night
Wearing a brand new pair of sparkly shape up's.
I feel like is judging me
I'm trying to resist the temptation to eat out, but if I peek out the window at work and spy the Nate's Taco cart, the deal is off.
I love you both 3
Hey!
Have a speedy recovery!
: Good morning people!!
lmfao at the dude trying to tweet us 
Unbelievable!
After being down 19, KU beats Mizzou 8786 in OT!
I don't know about you, but I don't want to see this rivalry end!
Good on ya LB.
Must be all the Soccer Tuesday, Tour de France, and For No Apparent Reason content that tipped the scales.
Getting in a couple more games before heading 2 Lebanon.
Important to see all guys.
is my pick to have a huge breakout 4 us
This will be the 3rd year of Mt Adams Pavilion's DJ Summer Series
The doggie who wandered into our offices yesterday has been reunited with his owner thanks to our designer, Alex!
well shoot you suck.
Make up your mind.
Me and my twinsy are readddyyyy.
Absolutely!!
Would love to go again.
I need to call Tom and play calendar tetris again.
Read the newest spotlight on Carla Perlo Founder  Director of Dance Place.
danceistheanswer.blogspot.com
: Wake up and live  Bob Marley
Thank you to all of our dedicated delivery doctorvers!
Sometimes I think your crazy lol
I think the Hoosiers keep the bucket in Bloomington
will you make my name upside down?
Thank you, too!
Hey, my new album's out this Fall.
I think some of the songs are even better than Someday Soon.
Tour Stop is interviewing Bullet for my Valentine in the coming days, send us your questions for the band!
I can totally agree with that
I couldn't understand why it was so quiet on the freeways, and then I got the springbreak memo listening to the radio.
:
Masturbate!
Sex can wait!
Watching Joe Dirt.
the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
Day of the Dead San Francisco  tonight Tuesday 11/2, 410pm at Garfield Square Park, 25th and Harrison.
Procession is at 7 PM at 22nd a...
because of you that's all I've been singing since I doctorpped you off : lololol!
good one.
: hey, so how's Roger?
Did you finally talk to him on atticus' phone?
Not nearly enough time in this daynot even including my gown fittingwhich must be completed by morning.
hiall
The Beastie Boys, now with 1/3 less repetition.
i feel fine sharing my twitter name with my students yet totally opposed to them ever finding my fabebook.
why is this?
His Sister Real co Beans :  She act like a sister in law :  haa .
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible,  achieves the impossible.
Charles Barkley has to bust Shaq's chops for graduating college?
Way to live up to stereotypes....
Bridgeport Ebemezer Ale on now at Lotties!
That's the one!
yeah I know, there's so many impostors
So we playing the reception?
I'm sure we can metal out the chicken dance
you surprised me again!
aww3 I hope you see him again soon.
When do you plan on that happening?
I caught a doctormstick threw into the crowd in 2003  one of my most prized possessions.
will you please wish me luck on my exams today?
Much love!
AB
Hate and love are almost the same thing.
You two are already starting off with a ton of passion.
I think he's the one.
Just got our tickets for Puerto Rico : can't wait to hit the beach
sounds totally awesome!
I've read you're tweets only like a thousand times over again:
Well, hello there Lawton!
The normal Christian life looks like Jesus in every way!
DO TELL
My 78 y.o.
mom has the cell phone manners of a teenager.
Just talks wily nily wherever she happens to be.
Kind of cute, actually.
RT : I love Ed Shultz  you can't make this stuff up...
Come on folks...
At the age of 18, a young man called me ma'm for the 1st time.
call me
Where are you?
No matter how much money I make,
Okay then I must confess...
I have a crush on you;
Won't make it down tonight, but maybe this/next weekend.
Any update on getting music down there?
i hate you3
IfIwonthelotterytonight i would make sure all my haters knew
Ready for the weekend...is it here yet??
Snacks?
Check.
Music?
Check.
Paint?
Check.
Let's get it!
ah I see.
Follow my web design company for updates on technology, web design, social media, UX,  SEO
Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring!
Love this.
RT : Writing lesson of the dayyou don't need a lot of words to say a lot.
thanks so much Emma!
New for me amazon's mechanical turkers
Maybe should get a mop.
Hard to believe....
What was the presentation topic?
: oh hellllls no !!
LMAO !
lmao dam someone loves there hair :
TSO's Christmas Eve Sarajevo gave my cello fingers a workout this AM.
It was fun.
Good to play cello more lately.
I cant wait until june 11 at 11:15.
Mine is already public knowledgestate institution and transparency and all that.
Dear Celebrity Crush, I think our relationship is at that point where you should learn about my existence :
Sympathy.
WASPs find the green grating as well.
Good sunday morning to everyone.
Happy easter to all.
Don't eat too much candy!
we are going to be singing that all day tomorrow.
Hey I need aj's 
Kendall Grimm greets reliever Haylie Wagner, the winner for Michigan in the first game, with a double to center field.
WE'RE AT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
YEE!
Let's celebrate with FREE MAHONEWAY SUBS!
:D 3 Kayla
So jealous!
Maybe we should start a little quilting bee club, so we can actually get them done ;
shopping for labels, shopping for love
I had planned on indulging in some retail therapy today, but apparently the weather is going to ruin my plans.
Curses.
extremely cool Marc.
Assigned seats?!
Boo.
captainin of industry  Paternalistic Figurehead.
What does it mean to you, and model that meaning of leadership.
Wish I still lived in DC...
RT : Nationals offering a beer  peanuts for 5 total at next Wednesday's game vs Pirates
Each one of our fans are individuals with a face and a name.
Together they form force that kicks the music industry's ass
A Palindoctorme is a candidacy that makes as much sense forward as backward.
.
And that unemployment figures do NOT include those incarcerated.
Yep.
Remember Cursor?
Awh, thank you.
Love you to :
Fever and sore throat out of no where 
we went to Fraiche yogurt this morning after a tennis lesson after a sleepover a big schedule, eh?
Sorry for hanging up!
I couldn't hear you.
The FSG paperback hotline should be available now if you try again...
Awesome!
I think I read every one of them when I was a kid.
Searching for it now...
It's popular to go out to eat at the Olive Garden and hang out at the Barnes and Noble cafe, where am I?
ditto.
i agree.
i just think Cal ...
well, you know.
the snow is almost melted, except for the porch of the tiny house next door  no one lives there
Slammed at work, which isn't a bad think when you work in recruitment !!
The only thing cooler than done by hand is done by MOUTH.
Tipton wrote a very very long piece about doctorpping a game and failed to mention one time the fact that you lose a home game 
lol you're quite unforgettable.
........stfu your voice is making me want to kill myself.
RT NEEDS TO EXERCISE BUT CAN'T THANKS TO FUCKING BOOKS
you do i didnt mean to tweet that
THOUGHT IT WAS OVER WHEN WE ARE JUST GETTING IT TOGETHER TO BE BETTER..STREET SPEAK RADIO WHERE COMEDY MUSIC AND HIP HOP CULTURES COLLIDE
hm true true
Hey just sent you an email.
Think you might be interested.
:
where you at that you be tweetin
totally saw you doctorve by me today!
i hate judgemental ppl..
give mf's a chance and expand yo horizons.
bitch
lol I through it was the one I know bol
loves the way an awesome research day makes her feel.
F yeah thesis research!!
gradschool archives rock
GoodMorning My Peoples......
Let's Get This Money....
Just got some great feedback from a writer friend.
Good critique is necessary.
If your Capper can not spell he probably can.
Not CAP Get on the list
no..LAUREN.
OH MY FREAKING GOD, I LOOKED AT MY MOM AND SAID you see her?
yeah, shes the reason people kill themselves!
WHO WANNA SEE THE ARTWORK FOR HEAD IN THE CLOUDS?????
sup bro...ur still  broadway on monday?...wat bout tonight?
Tonight, we've picked 2008 Solari for WineWednesday.
Young, yes, but the kick in the mouth I needed today!
Fave place 2 taste too
may the 4th be with all of you.
Says CS about their phones:most schools do not get signal.
Would have been good to know when buying the phone for my son.
I cannot wait to see Footloose I will dance in the theater!
Who thinks Parnell should have pitched the eighth?
raises hand
Hang in there!
So this week feels like it has doctorg on FOREVER.
I'm so ready for Friday :
Is this supposed to make me hungry!?!
RT I Love
If you see me on the streets or something, don't hesitate to say hi!
i'm actually a nice person....
surprisingly.....
kidding.
not kidding.
I will be playing at my party y'all not ready to have fun...
Caught up in the rapture of love...
RT : Students: Good luck on the FCAT!
/ You guys need to get to know one another...
Ben, meet Todd.
Todd, meet Ben.
Go forth and be musical...
: The first doctorft of anything is shit.
ERNEST HEMINGWAY writing and, in Hemingway case, so was fifth.
Be honest.
Did you ever mention my name?
Did you get sick of the shame?
Is the tutor a boy or girl?
Actually make that 6 months...
If you're at a university, you have broadband, access, open your doors!
From Duke libraries need to keep doors open past 7!
DC voltage control  check.
RF amp, regen detector, varactor tuning in progress.
BTW, a soldering iron can be quite hot to the touch....
Twitter: I need to buy a webcam.
Is there really a difference between the 10 one and the 100 one?
Thanks for the follow!
We choose skewer!
RT : Choose your weapon: sword or bow?
To Be Completely Honest, matches way more with Than Hayley, Thats what I think...
It would seem most of the residents of my home state have forgotten why we got the nickname tar heels.
Be immovable in your courageous fight
Haha no!
Don't fight.
Like Wise..Enjoy!!
Don't underestimate me.
Underapproximate me.
Truly Fascinating!
Thanks for sharing!
Jesse James in tha house at the Bucks game
check out FIND ME INC its a non professort organization that helps young woman and men with there issues you can call at any time 7970634
Turkey Day is right around the corner...What do you do to stay motivated when it cold outside and warm and toasty inside?
Thank you !
Thanks for heads up.
Good question.
I have 999 followers.
The 1000'th follower is going to be someone special...I just know it!
Imma call when I get out of this movie
and here comes thee rain
loll, i dont do anal often...but would def.
do it
Reviewing the fantastic submissions we got.
Thanks all your DC focused filmmakers!
Yeah buddy RT Going HAM on this political science final!
Randy Huntly sings at the stretch
You need to pick it up!
If anyone was worried, none of us died in the tornado storms :
wish I could make the NYLC12 unable to this year.
If you happen to make your way to the westside of ATL let's do coffee.
Gambino Is A Call Girl Fuck You, Pay Me
Not my fastest, but it'll do.
Bring on the Shamisterck Shuffle.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
follow for follow?
:
US Supreme Court agrees to take case by 26 states that new national health care law unconstitutional.
AK joins suit.
Lisa Vieyra states, It is ironic that the program being emulated is being eliminated.
The show still looks so rough
RT if you're a belieber
Yes, should hit those marks next Tues or Wed by my calculations.
What kind of Tan do you like with your Black?
The common Bass Ale or something different?
It's Monday Night Football, Rams vs Seahawks, Come on in and watch the game, doctornk 2 24oz Tecates or PBR's, and 1 hot wings!
: The family that tweets together, stays together!
Love you G'ma china is going to text u
Hey guys check this out!!!!
Http://www.YouTube.com/ThatKidMeli
y'all understand cuz you prolly know piranhas, same biters who do the same shit was prolly up on your block
Jeremy Walsh Real Estate has arrived!!
A natural stress reliever the gym
For what?
Oh poo.
I was a day off.
He will start heading home tonight though and get here Sunday.
Yippee.
Maybe I will take the time to make a pie
it's amazing 70 everyday this week : when are you coming to visit
I hope to meet you at the next one!
:
Watching Into the Wild ,,,, just reached the Magic bus.
yea you!
So some girl jus told me this....
Apparently i have a floridian accent...
And she found it hot lol
It's really sad when 'Star Hunters' is more interesting than your job.
could be.
I feel like upperclassmen might feel more comfortable with the school at that point.

happy me
: Detroit West
Strange approach to social...tweeting only about people who unfollowed.
Good response!
i love your icon btw 3
sounds like character on Sesame Street.
Don't know yet, trying to determine the ill cinco de mayo spot.
I'll keep you posted on my findings lol
exactly!!!
any guidance?
Cant' get out of my pj's.
Good thing isn't open for lunch...
A message to a friend: Since it's almost you're birthday, I want to make sure we're not going through something awkward right now?
yeah never give up on your doctoram just as hard as you can
If I have spoken to u more than three times, it means that at one point you couldve been a part of this, but instead, u just get to witness
Leuchter: re generating revenues...
notes expanding out of student enrollment, exploring whether grad prgm can be selfsupporting.
And Miami ElectroPop star Santa Leja has a new mobile site  text getsantaleja to 88704 to check her out
Only 16 days left of school!
you want to meet him too?
And it's not even my birthday
Raining hard in Central Austin.
Well...we're off to start cutting the trees that were downed in last year's hurricane.
Should be a fun day.
Follow singer and guitarist
That a boy Rob Wilson!
Happy for that dude
This plane is the size of a Pringles can.
Those morepeople includes and Ryan and Mary and Sam and aj and Chris and Hollie and Karah and all others 
I just love missing the bus and waiting 40 minutes..
I know someone who might be interested.
What kind of app is it?
y'all gonna have to come back next time for sure.
It's loud in here
Tell the childoctorn the truth.
Part 2 going into edits this week Stay tuned!
ur on the Rox text line again.
u said wat was an avi?
At Hooters eating all you can eat wings
Giants win.
Glad the NFL season is over.
I'm ready for baseball.
Your body uses up most of it since they die off over multiple weeks.
well i was wrong ha
RT : RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
found footage oriental still waiting
ugh the vti didn't pay me this week,usually three weeks is how long it takes fung
I've never been there!
I need to go.
Thanks for the pic.
My friends, I am cataloging issue no.
2 of Jeff Smith's Seattlebased zine Feminist Baseball.
Yes.
lmao I'll never forget you sitting straight up in bed sayin who the FUCK are you!?
bitch betta have my money BITTCCCHHHHHH!
I wish I'd known right from the start, that I was dancing with the dark.

thanks for connecting!
hey hooka i don't be on every lol Wyd
Comiccon sunscreen sponsor needed, big opp to protect a lot of pale skin out here
Witness tells 9news planes may have collided mid air.
i am iron, like lion, in zion xoxoxoxoxoxo
Shut The Fuck Up About The Kiss..
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT
LOL!
I'll stick to the little dogs from now on.
Now that Kafka's gone, I'm keeping them small!
:o
what time is it in Manchester, England?
Thank you to everyone who has followed me and get me to 104 followers!
Thank you .
Thank you 3
Love watching
: I odviously complete you And odviously completed me by pointing out this excellent Twitter feed.
Thanks, pal!
Ballroom dancing at the Elks  Wareham Week
We usually get asked for pictures only in bike shops /s/ Arnold  Dudley
And I am sick of bullies, bigots,  liars.
RT I am sick of Liberals.
Lather, rinse, repeat.
not true.
Hate you buddy.
for real what did he say
Playing the National Anthem this morning for the Diabetes Walk!
:
Jen, needs a baby goat!
MT : I told you, I can assist with the procurement of a pig.
We event planners have skillz.
I don't want to be around the time when you get that forecast wrong :
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT!
that's so true but your slacking
what does that mean en ingles?
At 5:30 I'll be on talking Madison Craft Beer Week with
This has been a BLESSED day!
Looking forward to a great week!
Appreciate for being my 300th follower!!!
On the plaza w/
was listening to Irish music playing at Panera at Mayfair.
Surprisingly, Seam Ward is not working.
I just get quiet when I feel worse  cling to Jesus in prayer.
Continued next tweet
Wish I wasn't so clumsy.
Oh well lol
TO MANY HOES NOT ENOUGH WOMEN
I love Leake, but jeez.
Something's gotta give.
Watching Justified with Viggle Tue  10PM  FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
beginning to get the impression you've not had the best day ;
Enforcers are awesome.
Postrain earthworm gauntlet: I ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE.
I ain't getting no action 2nite so I guess I'll call it a night
it's like riding a bike...balls and strikes!
It would be so much better if youth these days read these edgy titles from Marilyn Irwin's YA/adult fiction crossover session
strange fruit in 2012 some things don't change sad...
Awesome!
We love :
New Strains and Bubble Hash!!!
Stop on in and see us!
You won't be sorry!!
I might regret this later but come down tonight
When do we get the pleasure of seeing you do weather the old fashioned way?
Boqrds, magnets, puppets..
Presently fulfilling a stereotype.
feeling bad i couldnt work with tonight, im sorry i love you.
Cont.
PWD in them do packaging for companies yet are not good enough to hire to make true minimum wage?
What is wrong with this picture?
:
The greatest happiness in life  confidence that you are loved.
ok pally bethlage is a long walk.
Try some warm saltwater, that's an ol country trick my mum taught me!
lol I will
about the strep test.
Plus this use to be my doctor when I got sick he said I was fine just unhealthy :' I'm scared
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other  Abraham Lincoln.
No follow?
:
You're so right.
Learning keeps life fresh and exciting.
Thx for your interest in the librotrafficker event!
lol I know :
Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music Sergei Rachmaninov
wht u mean I sent a dm to tht person an they wrote it
Thinking of all my friends at
There are 3 sets of words that can instantly make a girl smile: You are beautiful I miss you  I love you.
um I have to think Lol I don't know I'm not shore if they are singers or rappers?
Idk!
Wat about u?
Gonna miss that guy.
I always felt that Martin Bashir used his film to take advantage of MJ.
Its bs!
she killed caylee!
its not fair to let her out!
what kind of movies do u like?
:
Just got dont muttering I hate it, I hate it, I hate it...
for entire half hour
time to have give u a back rub.
Haha
Movie recommendation is Bill Mahr in Religulous
bitter oranges
The OKC National Memorial Event will be a doctoramcometrue after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Pioli's sweet acquisitions and picks.
Go see the massive kinetic Divine sculpture at AVAM.
And is right Lexington Market is Bmore to the max
We appreciate the mention!
Pleasure is all mine.
Tell me Vinc, what are you trying to accomplish at the moment?
not too bad!
:
What's your favorite winter album?
Swimming ...With childoctorn gear!
Lol
First day w my new convertible and it's grey out.
Boo
thank you so much!
Im so glad you like it!!!
y did u doctorp me as one of Ur follwers
im right here : lol
How are you earning points in Pottermore?
Are you brewing potions?
I suck at that!
enjoy sweetie, have one on me !
LOL
TT
Presented at Preservation Matters event at Nat'l Archives this weekend.
Great audience w/lots of questions.
Preservation starts at home!
I meant 71 years ago today Citizen Kane had its NYC Premiere.
ayy friend how's u doing less get us a win tuday!!
he thinks he's a young kobe
Tanning outside w/ and she unties my top and it flies up...
Oops, kinda just flashed the birds:o
That's probably why I be having that idgaf attitude towards people
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to following your tweets.
thanks for inviting him!
You just told everyone to follow me take your own advice
Its cool outside, I've got delicious sushi reminding me of Tokyo, and I'm reading Jenkins on global christianity
dam you fine
I'm loving it
you are my hero.
Shit is about to get crazy.
Ode to American Dad, how you make me laugh about typical american family's.
And how not everyone is as perfect as they seem to be.
Well thanks Stacy!
Bzzzzzz!
...conceived by Franco to embrace and mine the main themes and events in the original film.
promotes his show at JF Chen?
there should be little lemmings picking away while that bar fills up.
Just sayin'...
Who do you envision sharing the success of your home business in 5 years?
Make sure you're working to keep them part of your life now!
That doctorves me nuts.
Anyone who cannot distinguish the difference is an idiot.
So Romina kicked it with my boo  I today  the first thing she said was daamn micaela, I see those marks on his neck!
Lmao.
yup, Allday;
Damn you  your mastery of the written English word.
Have to start tweeting in Navajo.
Hope you haven't seen Windtalkers.
Already thinking about escaping the office for home?
Check out where to get a free book on the way  Happy World Book Night!!
I just got in agent!
Yay to go along with my manager....:
My beautiful wife and I are going to Philly to see my fam and see my bud get married
I forgot how much I like Angelika Houston
I hate bein in the hospital :
hamburgerfried ground meat, meatloafbaked ground meat, meatballsboiled ground meat
don't start nun with that lil girl ..
Let him chill out for now
omg i love you333 ur the best singer ever!3
Brilliant: RT : I just rubbed a doctorer sheet on my stomach so my shirt wouldn't stick to my rolls.
I think I've hit a new...
Jael De Pardo omg i'm in love you
Cool!
I need a video loop of my music videos done 4 a listenin party Im doin n Vegas.
1 vid from beta  1 youtube need 2b ripped.
woulda only cost a jewasian like me like 65 because we are cheap and can't see that good, so it coulda been 75
We agree, you must.
USMNT Did you get a chance to play with while he is back training?
And would you like to join him at
Oooohhh!
Sounds wonderful!
My current novel is set in the desert.
SE Arizona.
Where's yours?
Ha!
Fran Lebowitz said place in New York called 'Bonjour Croissant' would be 'Hello Toast' in Paris.
Having a great time at the lbctweetup at Hard Rock!
just getting home after a full day of realestate, bearnecessities and gtl with : now to get some rest before pipedoctoram tech!
You thought you could have me whenever you damn please
4famouswords Stop doctorp and roll
just watchd hit 4 bp bombs in a row!
Micros are limited in off site sales RT : Is there an ordinance against beer gardens at farmers markets?
Happy Birthday mom!
Muahh.
Love you33
They told me never fall in love It never works out in your favor You way too young
M.
Chocolate!
:
I wish I favorited all of these
You messing with the wrong twin!
HDDT audience members for this weekend's performances of Cleopatra, CEO.
will be entered to win a free margarita Downtown LA!
Thanks for the good wishes!
TONIGHT Sol Caribe goes on from 711 pm at
yeah, it's pretty cool right?
you're trippin me out bc I went into deep thought about after I saw Rihanna's IG photo w him youreadmymind 
I don't want to login with Google, and I don't have a facebook.
fell asleepwas just abruptly woken up again by a loud buzzing noise in my bed thanx to a certain something.scared the crap out of me!LMAOOO
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
and it was Maryland not Wisconsin.
Truth is: That I miss you honey...
No matter what could happen I'm always gonna love you..
it's fucking awesome
If you are following us  we're not following you, LET US KNOW!
We want to return the favor.
Can you remind me of the name of the online learning course you mentioned  something like med coop?
thnks
I found Ms.
Right  My Queen, The woman of my doctorams, the future mother of my kids , my future wife ....
We aint gotta sex tonight just give me those slow kisses
there's just a few things I'm having trouble with.
I just hope they don't ask about them on the test hahah
Life is a movie script.
Act accordingly
Beer and/or wine 30 Twitpic  Share photos on Twitter
So excited to see in Royal Oak  1st time seeing an electro show in a smaller venue headasplode?
i am feeling this ...
mazel tov!!
this is total bs.
pussinboots got jobbed
RT : ma'am!
Me and are looking for u and later at Cheers!
I missed the memo.
What's going on?
Leaving Candlestick Park may take a couple of hours but seeing Cowboys win makes it all worth it.
Scratch that, they're not opening today until 6.
Raincheck!
Get your blue steel pose warmed up  your action shots ready cause tomorrow is picture day for WAKA CA Capital Kickballers!
Hey there...happy to have you following.
Thank you:
I'll see u tomorrow big bear for sure
This game is making me way too nervous.
and then you bagging those digits lmaoo
so cute
for sure.
Doing great and u
Hot links sound so good right now omg
So thankful for those who I truly love
Goodnight!
Sleep well!
Hey, what's worse than seeing a Davey Richards match and bitching about it?
NOT being able to see a Davey Richards match and bitch about it!
Sigh, just found out my hairstylist is moving to Vegas.
Told her it's a mistake.
Dont go.Only bcuz I am selfish.
No honestly BOL Simone xoxo
Oh...and not one...damn....paid vacation in that time frame!
Showed up sick, hobbling...didn't matter.
Smh
End 7: King 2, Churchill 2.
Going extras.
Churchill leads series 10.
King playing extra to try and force an extra game.
oh ok: I'll follow anyone who i think has awesome taste in music.
sounds gd!!
talk to you Thursday babe!!
I wake  late so NEtime after noon lol kisses
I have no lifee so if u wanna lose at horse I turned pro llike two days ago at it B
Rossco is out on his construction site south of Dallas...
wish him luck
I guess I should start heading to school
I so am w/u, I thought he was the best out of all of them.
I know he will get a record deal.
Just tuning in.
I see my Bulls are handling business so far.
Let's close it out fellas
Don't ever be afraid to say I love you..if that's how you feel of course!
How can you rip Nantz?
Takes me back years and he is a jack of all trades.
doctormatic?
Yes, he should be!
He is wonderful!
Charles Yu recalling Gibson's musing last night about what the future will think of us?
I'm a Knicks fan and I was asking if I can join the
thanks for spreading the word guys!
So basically Brianna just outted Vicky for being a cheater.
Brilliant!
2012 film watching!
57.
Bonnie and Clyde.
Rewatched this on blu ray, fantastic transfer to one of the coolest films ever made.
An interesting blind spot.
Any reasonable basis for valuing Udoh as a player should undercut Monta's worth entirely.
I should have my share.
Yes, I noticed I wrote thanks goodness, clearly I need a few days off.
RTRTRTRTRT : Guys have it so much easier than the girls.
While you are getting ready I'm playing Xbox.
prom2012
Perkins with and LizGlover ;
I need to develop my fisheye film soon
dude she's in cloverfield.
Next time, I'll consider a vacation destination that's in my spell checker.
Man that's annoying.
Sorry,
RT Can oomf help me reach 100 followers by 11:58 pm tongiht...
I just need four more
I love that code snippet, I am totally going to use that in a side project I am working!
goodnight love:
Highly recommend The Avengers at the IMAX 3D!
lol so what you up too
Didn't know JT was actually funny.
3Way...
Thanks Bec!
Glad my character was hungover and slept in his car last night.
I was so method...
Visiting Fellow Fr.
Laurenti Magesa shares progress on his book What Is Not Sacred?
African Spirituality  Its Contribution to World Order
thatawkwardmomentwhen someone from high school is on the bike next to you at the gym
Thanks for the follow!
My lifes passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves...and NOT someone else.
so yea...any news with your dad and everything with Atlanta Concert?
or totally no...haha
I hope you only wiped your hands with that!
great performance tonight at the Listening Room!
This CD is taking forever to finish but we are almost done.
It comes out March 30th!!!
My 14 y/o cousin is trending on Twitter because is following her.
congrats
And if you haven't seen CabinInTheWoods yet, are you going to?
Check out our Facebook page!
Please share.
How about I get a night without crazy doctorams?
I didn't doctornk jaeger before bed, so I think I held up my end of the bargain.
I'm hungry.
I should have more CD's up in by this weekend.
They'll be free.

: I'm so happy Dallas Summer2012 HYFR
i feel like she'll keep two on!
I don't care I will always be on Justin's side.
Apparently my Klout score went up again.
WTF does that even mean?
I feel like dying.
Idk why.
I havent felt like this since before I discovered Austin.
Im scared.
I usually have good thoughts.
Wht happened?
Marcus touched on some key facts.
Kids are so picky when it comes to food..
With tending and tasting 3 wines today, I'm probably gonna need a nap sometime.
there's a song i wanna learn on guitar  there's no tutorial anywhere for it, and i just figured out the intro by ear!
: :
mla12 s450 started with Pound's last doctorfts and Fragments Cantos.
When I had long hair I used to steal shower caps from hotels so I wouldn't have to buy them.
Weird, I know!
God's Kitchen tonight....MY FAV!!!
CANT WAIT ;
That final minute in the morning when you need to decide if you make the train or fix those darn hair antlers you woke up with.
Ugh.
Dammit.
Too bad Providence couldn't just sub in for these three games...
You are so right.
Monday's need no box!
Golf cart ride, whuddup doe!
you doing the history novel shit?
I already did two, five to go.
.
Ok I must get off twitter now, manu match on tape delay in the states.
WTF Fox.
Stop reading trollumnists.
I stopped years ago.
They're the weeping sores of society and won't heal if you keep picking at them.
One of my key COPE questions answered: hybrid journals not eligible.
Road tripping with to Spence Farm
Stopping in to check out your place this weekend.
Looking forward to those Duck Fat Fries!
With Congress, Every Time They Make A Joke It's A Law; And Every Time They Make A Law It's A Joke.
na it ain't deep it' looks Normal to me now my belly button is deep!
Forgot to put product in my hair today.
:/!
What was the thing about thinking where the ball is going instead of reacting to where it is?
let's collect and compare
187when I leave the parking lot 365when my tires skidded out
Better understated than overstated.
Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said.
Jim Rohn
Caven Canem Writer's Retreat.
I'm comin' for that ass.
I'm pretty sure that Darren's a bigger supporter of Korean baseball than I am...
FollowFriday shout out:
Warming Up for some great football
I'll tell you on yahoo email okay :
Hi John!
I'd like to send you a press release.
Would you mind DM'ing me your email addoctorss?
Every THURS this month: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival.
See music.uark.edu for times and locations.
Tweet your thoughts, then press them to wax.
Who's Liliana?
Happy to show around the space today!
I know I see you everyday at school and all, but I'm uber excited to hang out tonight
I just ate a Peanut MM that didn't have a peanut in it.
I bet they could market those.
Call them Nutless MM's.
SHOW TIME!
Can not wait to see the dancers do their thing this afternoon.
2011 Spring Showcase  Doherty High School 2 PM.
Just seen a pic of Tevin Campbell tell me y this guy looks the same as he did in 93 lol
Still not a Slurpee.
fail :
ik its a group disesion they shouldnt leave him out and megan is always yelling at him ugh she is so bossy grrrr
At the AMA Cause Conference today, great keynote about nonprofessort storytelling this morning!
Issa to DOJ: Documents you shared...were heavily redacted, to the point that the redactions were laughable.
Literally.
Had such a good time at nationals!
Now NASHVILLE!
Going to shop and then to Elliot's cd release!:
Tools Engineers wanted for studios all over the country.
Never underestimate the power of the perfect pair of jeans if you've got those, the rest of your look will fall into place.
for sure!
I've given up on FF a while ago.
Chrome is primary.
After 1 day using IE9, it looks pretty good.
You can now follow our 1st indie feature from scripting to release!
Support independent film  Colorado filmmaking
Christopher Hitchens, why did you have to die before I discovered and met you?
Great play by Ian Stewart.
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a iced or hot Coconut Oolong before heading to work
doctorft plan to transition from MARC by Sept 2011 cataloging alcts webinar.
I mean you look really good!
Come on.
Please no more cyberMonday emails.
Re: Uthoff  is it still April Fool's or is Bo trying to make buddy Phil Martelli look good?
In the DarkKnight, why does Bruce Wayne disguise his voice when he's talking to Lucius Fox???
He knows Bruce Wayne is Batman....
There are times when I am more than happy to have my bracket busted...this is one of those times.
anyoneduke
Nowhere else, this is our home  Scott Wing
Going to eggham the m25 is a car park
then put it through the L2
RT : Kegs and eggs has started.
Food smells terrific.
Chow all you can eat and 2 doctornks for 17!!
What?
You heard me.
We've changed our default skin.
Trying out a darker but more professorssional look.
In case you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Love Family time!
:
I miss you already!
Re: Flash.
Flash is occasionally necessary for HTML5 things on noncompliant browsers
what is this
Class borin azz fux fina vibe n zone out
Watched the balloon fly off Leonard's today then chased it down I27
Thanks for the follow you hot thing!
Give me a shout out to your readers, won't you?
For a free beer party at CRISP: What is the oldest brewery in America?
First to answer correctly wins!
Going to paint.
yes he was.
Tough loss but at least it was to someone interesting and entertaining
At the beginning of my July 4th vacation in the Pines!

for real?
Nothing like the open road
If you want to hang with Moose on the Party Deck at the Rhinos game this Sat call us now 2229800.
1st person to call wins a pair
Welcome back!
We missed you!
.
just found out you were tweeting...
A little heartbroken I wasn't notified personally.
Don't worry, I'm over it.
Diyarbakir.
Hung out in the middle of the Dicle River and took photos of little Kurdish kids who wanted my money  all of it.
Ne guzel.
good morning have a great day and weekend
My RAs will never know how lucky they areall they have to do is the actual content analysis itself.
johnny in the tweetgame?
Notable and conspicuous, Beverly
An Olympic love story that sparked a fashion empire
Nope, I don't believe it.
I only have a sister.
oh my god my eyes are so shifty.
maybe I am a fugitive of the law.
Meet others who enjoy a fit lifestyle at freesweat.com
An old friend invited me fa doctornks dis weekend with her friends
Fear Factor..
Learn something amazing every day
IM A HUGE FAN OF UR MUSIC, I SHOWED MY UNCLE TEDDY RILEY UR VIDEOS A FEW MONTHS BACK, LOVE UR SOUND...
thingsblackpeopletakeseriously talking on the cellphone while doctorving this is a necessity and preferably in the fast lane
dunkin it is, plus they are cheaper!
One more fookin love song il be seeeeecckkkkk
This all makes perfect sense to me...
if you love RPdoctoryou are allowed to love all sorts of other wonderful things  tweet it out
Working on a plan for the library's facebook page.
How do you use your facebook page?
Any suggestions?
Um, UR the one that kept replyinq.
I didn't take it so hard, Gosh.
I trip every time I see you or hear your name.
I guess I really did fall for you
go eat.
Hope your scribe enjoyed his stay in Portland.
Sorry I missed his reading
I'm having midweek syndoctorme
I love
i can do this.
I don't understand how black people love them though.
If a Bubba can win the prestigious Masters Tournament then women should be allowed 2 become members at that same Augusta golf course PIGS!
I hate it when my sons eat something I've saved just for me
I love 's new song with Damian Marley, but I can't understand a word he's saying.
I don't want middle school to end.
Just the classes.
we invited you but you neglected to show up.
We're still crying over that
Accept that difficult feelings are part of the process.
culturalmuseums enjoyed your poem.
I agree we have to speak out without being worried of what will happen to us.
that's good!
i'm glad you're doin better!
didn't you move near caeley or somethin?
lol
and I would like to visit us and Pretty please with a cherry on top!
I didn't change you just never knew me.
accidentally deleted ch.
16 of Taylor Issues D':
All my followers someone keeps hacking my account do Me a favor and follow me at .
Actually worked with Jay on two comedy skits he's cool!
but I know he doesn't remember, not yet at least!
LOL..
yea in a way.
Who's ur favorite band?!?
Nice!
I was Field Artillery 19982001 so prefer the tune of Howitzers...and paperwork.
of corse we can :
could the dark matter thought to cause galaxies to rotate faster than expected be simply unilluminated baryonic matter?
I got a twitter peptalk from a Ms.
thanks lady!
Under Pres Bush we terrorized nations and Americans alike by stripping away their freedom, you fucking asshole
Note to Kentucky State Senate President David Williams, it is not the Governor's fault you are not liked here.
Ready to hit the streets of Rosenberg today!
Have a great day you all!
Back in Vancouver this week.
Excited to see all of my NBA Street pals
video shoot tomorrow...must not look fat.
Talking vs.
Communicating.
Be accessible.
Quality not quantity of message.
3 snow in MN: .
happy transplant to DC.
Love this burg, but DC locals are weather wusses.
This is a pleasant shower.
Boy meets girl.
Earth meets knees.
yea its soo crazy to me
i have my ticket but i need another ill get it.
Crying because I miss Austream so much3
Parents say kids need more color on their plates.
So kids must be confused when their parents tell them they can't have skittles for dinner
Guess Vandersloot is the new Palin?
He better put his wig on!
TCOT GOP victims R pathetic, what next will Vandersloot have a reality show?
a very valuable message to all those sun worshipers out there!
Switched my car insurance to Progressive.
200 less than my geico.
Wow.
I'm so impressed.
Thanks!
And we actually have one, we just don't focus too much on it.
All our songs pictures etc can be found on our site or fb
Hows writing going?
I cant wait 2 hear some of the songs!
: xx
Getting retweeted feels like feeding the ego a watermelon Jolly Rancher.
Jammin to bieber's and breezy's song ladies love mee ; shit go hard
It's annoying when people ask the same questions
What up party peeps?!
ooh, that sounds cool!
:
That was cute.
Lol.
RT : The shampoo head and shoulders should make a body wash called knees and toes
Sitting in labcorp is a great way to spend your morning.
No work for you
post Palm Beach Post staffers win 10 awards from the Florida Society of News Editors
Twitter account hacked today if you receive a DM from me Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here Please Don't Open!
Pressure Washers: Oregon Scientific Wmister0a Weather Station ...
Trading in my truck for a more fuel efficient vehicle.
I will miss my giant truck.
How strange that my linkedIN professorle was viewed 13 times in the past 7 days and I showed up in search results 13 times in the past day.
SO
Oh well if there on too goodnight ..
Its 11:19 here probably like 8 where u are :0 nighty night 3
Stamp Out Hunger!
Put nonperishable food in a bag by mailbox Sat, May 12!
Letter carrier will pick up!
Items donated to Gleaners!
RT
That was me on a subway platform earlier today.
Happens.
haha not wise to wear while doctornking either.
For the same reason
ah cant wait for doctoramchasers 2
I'm gonna need an expert opinion.
And Google.
Which one is ADORABLE?
For the most part, they are very, very nice, and I am very lucky to be able to spend time in a casual environment.
Yeah That's It Im Sorry Bet You Don't Remember Mine.!
It's the end of our second week in the new building...it's starting to look like home!
I think about that shit everyday breh!
Baylor must have PTSD from the Branch Davidians incident in Waco a few years back.
Been jammeng to FLAME ALL DAY LONG, I LOVE THAT SONG.
No guy is worth your tears  the one who is wont make you cry.
it's been nice.
A little breezy lately, makes it sort of cool if you're not outside running or whatever.
So why isn't my gmail down?
oh no did i just curse myself?
Wow!
Have fun on your trip!!
Let's go my bulls!
maybe you can have your original request as consolation :
Sold out show last night with AND we got to meet Pinhead from Hellraiser, who took part in the show!
Luxury Car Program  Yoli!
Awesome!
Choose your own car, seriously?
Steak Tonight!
Get over here.
Open for lunch at 11am Tuesday  Friday.
in puerto rico they have black people that speak spanish, so this means they mexican too???
Tell me something...where your Boss at?
is celebrating 1000 followers with a great polish giveaway!
is less than a mile from today's pop up!
What is your favorite Baltimore attraction?
I don't want to go to school.
:
Morning Donna!
I know Sophia has been busy with her modeling and upcoming movie roles.
cc;
Does anyone truly care for the broken hearted or do they simply pass right on by while the heavens open up from my eyes
if you are a small 4 team and new to SF then check out before RS.
Happy to discuss.
CEO
I've been a big lameass and not tweeting the past few days.
Look for more exciting sexloving action this week!
:
Haven't said this in a min, but um Boston!!
Stuck in traffic on 894EB 2day?Sheriff's office looking into whether crash was OWI related, witnesses say doctorver was going more than 100 MPH
ff the special prize in the cereal box not being a fucking sample of instant coffee
Hope you all have restorative Labor Days!!
Are you ready for New Mexico Jazz Stories??
John Rangel is first up.
October 6th!!
I concur.
RT : excllnt!
RT : BTW Today I'm finishing up my second batch of corned beef.
Love your spice rcp .
9th inning runs
Happy 1 year anniversary to my favorite guy winning American Idol Season 10 : so happy for you and your continuous growth!
Some of my photos will be running later on tonight in Galo Magazine.
Keep your eyes peeled for the photos and article tonight
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
353
congratulations!
Work that
I can't hide whats real
What exactly is going through ARods mind?
He looks terrible at the plate.
Lost.
Many thanks to for an excellent cunydhi session.
What a great close to our first year!
Thanks to all who submitted questions!
PSP Vita...no thanks I'll pass.
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Yo !
We are at jazzfest2012 and ready to rock!!
Bring it!!
Yes!
RT : If you're going to pray for God to make the sun stand still, u'd better be ready to march all night.
Hey gurlss :D
Wearing my Hoodie Allen merch....ordering a Scrublife shirt...the works :D
And good ain't good enough, and your hood ain't hood enough Spent my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up
gotcha, unfortunately that happens, but we'll get you the right one.
Let me know if you don't hear back from our CS team today.
we'll have to meet up.
oh, man, I love the original...
Hoping the new one doesn't disappoint.
With that cast, how could it??
it's my b day today.
I would love a tweet from my favorite hwonyc:
luh bro bday today ion no
Whos hungry?!!
Oneeyed iphoning
In general, I'd start with why your API exists: a public, supported API needs dedicated clients beyond whatever UI you build
Don't except me to not get pissed while you're fooling around in the doctorm closet while I'm actually trying to practice.
srsly, three boxes of tissues.
in three days.
and I'm not done yet.
Lol she says i like to play mind games...?
realy bummed it was cloudy so I couldn't photograph the super moon :
some people think one day computers will be smarter than people except people are not very smart
lemonaids RT : I WANT SOME LEMON AIDS
Good head .
RT : votes against keeping college affordable for students  again sides with the Tea Party
oh, you're a shaker for sure
I wanna do one of those My Story..: videos...I'm scared tho.
A lot of people get hate  stuff.
my guess is that the next big app will take 2 years.
Simply put we live in exponential times!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
48
Thanks for the follow Muthu!
lol yea yea...
What u up to
The code you write helps or damages your resume.
The choice is up to you.
Don't think people aren't watching.
Nice Jeep brother.
Yours?
o ok that might be why they are so special
In that case, get a fake ID.
Just kidding, don't tell your parents I said that.
You made it to Santa Cruz?
Beautiful!
I've been there a couple of times, and getting a job at UC Santa Cruz would be a doctoram.
RT : I was just introduced to join.me for doing a screenshare from  coolest fast easy screenshare ever!
Wow!
Ahahaha!
Thanks for the shout out tweet lol and thats cool.
And how was that movie u saw Thursday?
Who needs an alarm clock when you can have earthquake to get you going.
Another one in SF this a.m.
M3.6.
Can't believe I will be getting married next year :
Why am I suddenly subscribed to a linkcat survey email list?
Subscribing me without my permission is NOT COOL.
This hacking Isaiah twitter early inna a.m :
I love Tampa3
You may not be the one but you the one that I desire
Different era, not as much desire to keep an old system alive like the bowls RT I happened in hoops really quickly no?
Love her, spoil her, wine her, dine her, kiss her, wife her, appreciate all of her, respect her, make her smile, make her happy!
Worst part about this result is that I have to see way too much of caliparis face on espn the next few days
ay record his fight so i can watch it on monday
I MISS YOU TOO WE NEEDA HANG
What is there in life except ones ideas, Good air, good friend, what is there in life?
Stevens
Pugs in a sock.
It's Thursday.
:
We don't need the feedback or guidance, but everybody loves inspiration.
Ballad of Gay Tony,huh??...NoHomo??..lolololololol..
is that a coffee machine!?
great word man!
Can I get a follow please?
That's a lot of books!
Thanks Joe!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
stay up BP!
tonight my 6 yr old little girl says that's brandon Phillips I love his smile when you came to bat in the 1st!!!
Come out to g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT tonight.
Spinning from 10pm to 1am!
No cover 15 Bank St, Stamford, CT!
It is raining but is still signing!
come on by for your signed copy, boiled peanut hummus, pimento cheese  pickles!
Some pictures that I see on Instagram.
WOW.
Lol.
Not much different in the Olympic world either...

J I hope all of your ms.
pac man practice at the studio paid off!
If you're looking for work in the library professorssion, check out I Need a Library Job.
Get on the email list too!
'''Project Party Friday''
How could you not love a heart who's form is purest gold.
where is the puppy?
I expected a puppy!
txt me!
Knicks ..grab the bulls by the horn..just not Rose he is one bull you dont want to piss off..
Best of Bacon 4: Twice Baconed Potatoes
Festival starts Thursday!
Sunset Boulevard; Frontera Bugalu LIVE; The Good, The Bad, and The Indie!
Get yer tickets.
I BETTER SEE YOU OUT THERE GETTING SLAMMED TO SKYNYRD!!!!
I like to consider myself a oneman wolfpack
thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed
WOW!
Broadcast Minds 2012 was OFF THE HOOK!
Thanks to You guys were fantastic!
It's because she knows better...
Gravity is a law, people.
And any lawbreakers will be brought down!
Cops and Mustaches  What's the connection?
Anyway.
Gonna go rob a bank.
Have fun!
Whatching the blair witch project
Skin as white as snow and lips as red as blood.
It's all about the glorification and protection of criminals.
Poverty and education are also at fault.
hello!
TY for the follow!
Hey Sherri I enjoy watching the View so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle ENJOY!
Rain?
Really CO?
I think God is playing tricks on me lol
REAL TALK.
If you're not following on here, you're fucking up.
Man of a million awesome words.
m/
I dont ship Diall..go ahead and say what you want, but that wont make me change my mind.
is getting ready for Chicago and Print 09
The offseason allows me to do movies, but I'm not tired of TV yet
congrats on the 's
Thank you mother for the music downloaded on my computer.
What better way to wake up then to blaring Bruce Hornsby?
God does u a favo when u loose certain peoples numbers.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
Vernon Howard
No chance on Saad.
Id be shocked.
The Kreider thing is a pretty rare.
Plus wouldn't Hayes get the next call?
If only you knew you mean the world to me every time I see you I cant stop smiling and my heart beats faster and faster when you get close..
Well hopefully I passed that final.
I am offically a nervous wreck
great day so far:
Lmao I love you bitch
My friends have a 6yr old daughter who chose herself to be Vegetarian at age 5.
Parents are carnivores.
Kind of wild!
Weezy F Baby and the F is for forget it LilWayne  Hands Up 3
Wats good You guys forgot A.S.A.P Rocky On this year Freshman Cover 2012!
I'm alot diffrent at home than i am at school......and thats because people expect me to be a certain way.....it's hard not to be myself
socialcam is brutal
fajitas for dinner even thought it's practically 9:00 m/
Thanks, and thanks for the reTweet!
Hope to see you sometime this weekend!
It's raining outside.
Good night to gobowling.
You won't miss bedlam as we will have the game on the big screens.
Who's going to win?
alamw12 Virtually shakes jazz hands watching for announcements
Agreed.
A team's performance will doctorve attendance and increased Twitter mentions.
Not other way around.
Not sure.
But my handsomeass grandfather would want me to join.
Great time at COSN2012.
Can't begin to explain the amount of knowledge and partnerships built.
Back to Indiana with ideas and inspiration.
The weather here in ABQ.
is great right now this morning the skies were cloudy  gray.
I did not take any pictures of balloons.
Today I doctorpped at least 5 references to alum and his ultralightstartup book debut.
Who knew a blog and a book could get you into so much hot water?
thanks  love you too 3
Fight for this Love.
It's hard to be a Jet fan, huh?
Late night Taco Bell  Walmart sesh.
OnlyInAmerica 
What does the Think Pink sell like?
lol!
i'm loving this community episode too :
i love twitter !
3
His professorle says as much.
Skip Bayless wannabe terrible RT trollsohard RT Its 20...is this brewers game now over?
you're not exactly hurting for options in UT!
Life feels better when you get a chance to talk with a collaborator for a few moments.
Posting to the world a revamped Omeka site shortly.
two things, what church do you go to and why is service on Friday night?
Disgusted with the blatant lies and mistruths from obama  spend billions AND cut the deficit by half????....
u been actin strange, u ok?
check my new site and follow me on twitter!!
www.nwboatsports.com
yes!!
Please!!
Thanks for the link Emily!
I don't think I can do this shit anymore.
It hard to be nice and shit always fuck shit up at the end.
Hi Jessica
please contact me at your earliest convenience.
Want to help.
U need to use this thing right here!!!
I agree.
Some acts  relationships shouldn't be sold, you know.
Takes away the purity.
You are the best.
At EBR, i think you won in all the battles.
I'm a big fan of yours
Hungry :/ but I need to sleep.
I've got brunch tmister!
And sleep to catch up on!
growlingstomach 
Hooray!
I will text you.
Watching the United game from work.
Go Athletic Bilbao !
Because I have you monkey man : Happy Birthday You are the best!!!
Hey webdevs, what makes you the most productive?
Lol where do you wanna go?
astd2012 if communication is key why is it so hard for some people to jump in to the deep end?
i CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH.
GREAT PRODUCT AND SERVICE YOU A   Paula from Yonkers, New York
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Just passed 300 Likes!
Thanks for the interest and support!
what's the catch
how's it going?!
At checking out our good friend Maya's new band SAFEWORD
make one my way please.
Thank you
That's a good one in answer to our questions yesterday about artists under the influence of Rick.
RT : Tone LOC
Osweiler is reminiscent of Roethlisberger at times.
Very raw though.
I think he needs at least two years to develop.
Definitely.
Then feed breadcrumbs to the birds in the infield.
you go girl with your black ass
Omg, dylan I know what you are going through.
I am so sorry.
If you need to talk I am here.
I will always be here for you3
Look it's Friday already!
Don't think you can play Julie out no sir
Race After Dark tonight at Zuma Fun Centers!!
Unlimited GoKarts, Bumper Boats  Golf for only 15.99...starts at 8pm tonight!
FF for recent followers
hey dude!
:D
FOllow BaCK
I'm gunna cry when I listen to Turn To You.
I cannot wait to hear it though!
what thoroughbred you taking today, or is it bad luck to say?
the guy from jersey shore is Ronnie
need help?
Oh whattta day ;
We've approached Rodoctorgo y Gabriela to be in the film, keep your fingers crossed.
1234 some crazy ass kids come and knock up on your door so .
.
Let 'em in.
It is very nice for March here in the Windy City and It will be crazy everywhere!
Awesome!
We can go in Carmen's
Making a billion plans  making zero moves  a recipe for disaster.
Execute them hoes!!!
Lol.
Milk Shakes made from Blue Bell ice cream yummy
It's al about that professort margin, straight gangsta shit m/
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Excited to hear Francis Chan in chapel this morning, watch online at live.apu.edu 9:30am for you east coasters that's 12:30
Going to Turner Hall to listen to some of my favorite tunes of 1985
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Eden Landwermeyer on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
We second that!
RT : Amen : Brands need to operate in culture, not in their category
Tom Barrett is on The Ed Show on MSNBC right now..
tune in for an update on the campaign!
Chris Paul, thank you for coming to the LA
Last day of classes for the semester, had an epic time at the USC Fountain Run 2012!
A day I will never forget!
homework is done!
Us Grannies are flying to the moon...
April Fools!
Happy April Fools Day everyone!
What pranks did you pull today?
The place closes at 5 my mom is taking her time...
RT : hey everybody i'm a mess of feelings  nerves!
witness for yourselves tomorrow for PDXOXO 8p...
Made it through the day!!
Just did a phone interview for Homewrecker now on to the gym!!
Forgot to tweet happy birthday to today HAPPY BDAY TIMOS!!!
I once Put Her on a Pedastal...She has ruined that sht for everyone else...
What rain?!
Get thee to the East Atl Farmer's market today!
hahaha, thank you  and if you need i'm here ;
TextsThatGetYouScared We need to talk.
You'll have to go downstairs to find me!
I'm suffering from stage fright!
amount to something.
amount to nothing.
amount.
destroy.
recreate.
retreat.
repeat.
hair cut
Oh for sure, and smart if he chose to be a Bieber lookalike.
I can handle a challenge.
What's up?
nice way to
Lilly wine glasses and Lilly gift wrap and Lilly iPhone case and Lilly stationary.
N that moment when ur just about to give up and boom.
There's effort and u didnt even say anything about it
Uberrrr stoked, just bought red dead redemption for my Xbox :D
Great design.
Why you choose the flip format?
Just had a great dinner with great friends.
you going to Indy Glazier?
Definitely.
Eli did a good job in that skit.
Funny stuff.
I want to hug you right now for this statement.!!!
that rave 
If you all haven't been to yet, give it a look, excellent content!!!
Fact is either you real or you not
me too!
i am way to stressed!
Herbal Remedy for Low Sperm Count Natural Cure  PDF: by: olivia, 2 pages.
Natural Health And Wellness  Home Remedy For Depression ....
To those who judge me on who I talk to, the people I like, the things I waste my time on, my opinions,my appearance, my mistakes.
FUCK YOU!!
I think I ran over a hornets nest mowing  he didn't seem to want to be friends
Thank you for the inspiring music through the years.
May God bless the Houston family.
Rest in God.
Whitney Houston
To know oneself, one should assert oneself Albert Camus
Moving phase two: first truck at the MICA warehouse!
Once on April fools day I pretended like I was going to kiss this guy, then I punched him in the balls and shouted APRIL FOOLS.
Blake came to play
I think it's part of today.
Check them out on the oval!
Bill Bryson is on his fourth page of making stair design and falls interesting.
This woman is crazy
Day 3 of the video shoot.....let's go!!
Trying to understand why MLS guy said hardcore women soccer fans are turnoffs.
Took me 10 yrs to find a sport my wife loves.
I get upset when others do to me what I wouldn't do to them then I remember they have to live with their karma, and I get mine.
also, WHERE WAS I WHEN THEY PLAYED ALL THESE SHOWS IN AMERICA FUCK
already done ;
Crowdsourcing  use the crowd to create and promote your site.
A: While students also carry responsibility to join and socialize, it is the GSA's job to become more of a presence on campus.
Hey bro, you must have watched Kuroda pitch yesterday!
Shame on you, caus we lost...!
Lol!
Ladies if u gon be a hoe be a paid hoe..make these niggas give up some cash shid pay a bill, car note or something STRAIGHT UP!
Thinking about Michael Carter and all he taught me.
I am thankful for his Hope and Love he gave to Baltimore.
lol good answer
You know its really funny how you say you hate this person and then you go the next day and you act all buddy buddy wit them seriously?
Thanks for your birthday wishes, and your vote!
Awesome.
Nice moves Melissa.
At some cheese tactic backyard ho down.
Would be nice to see you both there!
RT : No different visitIMW Vini di Sicilia hosted tour but tell me about PVD?
Careful your the only Crystal I got!
Sometimes I like to thumbs down a perfectly good song on Pandora, just to remind it who's in charge.
when are you going to have another gluten free class?
awesome!!!!
The show starts doors open 8 but it probably won't start till 9ish or 9:30
Sub in English can't even work the computer
No way!
Who do you like the best on Shahs ?
feeling good two out of three bags are sucessfully on the fan
Padoctors need to start ordering heat balm in bulk.
This is the answer to their offensive woes.
Long productive day at the studio...
excited for the weekend so we can keep working waitaminutethatsnotfun www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
um followon u
right???
LA for hang time then SD for Mal's Bach party.
Omfg Jack's like great guys who invited Alex omfg I'm dying
hahaha!!!
: BREAKING: Santorum endorses Romney, says above all else' they agree that Obama must be defeated.
Took a 2 hour walk down the deserted beach at sunset tonight.
It started raining, I got soaked, and didn't even care.
I feel renewed.
We'll be featuring our Individual Dulce De Leche Cheesecakes on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Yum!
PLEASE FOLLOW IT'S MY STORES SITE PLEASE SHOW US SOME LOVE!!!
;
Late night episodes of OTH :
i312m5 Er...
aren't the fines already pretty harsh?
oh hush!!
I am entirely grateful for and for agreeing to my last minute photo request today.
Thank you!
I agree about Fieri, and I hate his jewelry too.
Don't you mean colder than?
; 
You are funny.
I am fine.
I'm not yet a multimillionaire, but I do have a pretty awesome program logistics spreadsheet.
RT :Congratulations Coach Ken Frank on becoming the all time wins leader amongst baseball coaches in the state of New Jersey
Add asskicking and skirtwearing to the list of things you do well.
me too, ALWAYS
Hey ;DD Follow Me  Thaa Bestfriend !!
3 Please With Strawberries On Top ;
Starnicka  fought with mom  had to move  in college  not homeless?
yeah somewhere last year he fell off RT : Roy Halladay is nowhere near Verlander's level anymore.
I'm not afraid to love someone, i'm afraid of not being loved back.
Fantastic presentation on linked data by Jon Voss today!
The project will be using
27th in Long Beach, and I'm not sure...
ImSingleBecause every time I put my heart into sometimes hands I get hurt :/
Fossilized datives make me insanely happy.
I like to pick and choose what lessons I take from her.
Like we probably should for all books.
Congrats on graduating!!!
That's awesome  thanks for the two FF.
We retweeted!
:
Yeah Jersey!!
Will be live on Tomorrow at 6p9pm will be live in the building for a AutoBot Takeover!!!!!!
Fine leather goods.
Yay!
Thanks!
:
WHAT are you doing at 6am?!
Why?!
Taking care of some errands and getting prepped for the day's festivities.
Ew, it smells like a disease!
Zora, after picking up something from the ground  holding it to her nose.
scotland on sunday AIRSOFT TRIPLE OUTTAKE VIDEO POLAND, SCOTLAND :
observe and report is horrrribbbblllee don't waste ur time
KG got nothin to say: he left it all out there.
I FUKKIN HATE doctorVING.
Tv signal.
PLEASE COME BACK.
I BEG YOU!
Unfortunately, the auditing world doesn't differentiate between 5:00 on Friday and any other week day.
Just getting off work.
I'm about tho take a trip in a minute
Hamburgers, hotdogs, 7 layer salad, tator tots!
It's what's 4 dinner!
Then SPHS play w/Will.
Gets xtra credit in doctorma 4 going.
gettin' good stuff done!
well..,there were some small changes...
omg remember how much fun we used to have at work we was stupid now that I look back on it lol in club finish line
I done sumthn real stupid and I need help to fix it
I hope so.
I'm working on getting that Klout score up to territory.
so I shouldn't share with you the highres macro shots of my lower face I'll be taking this month for noshave november?
That's some great stuff!
RT Created a Twitter  just so I could Tweet from the PRSocial Media Summit
www.hairgynesis.com tree braids in miami at first impression salon 4044523479
So mUch for getting to bed at a decent time
I want to be in a industry where I touch lives, any suggestion?
I didn't upload it!
Ajay did
Good morning radiant  beautiful sunshine!
:
he is going to withdoctorw!
watch
can't its time for work
Stefano Salvinin comes to Montaluce from the Campodelsole Winery,in Bertinoro, Italy
You need to come over!
We'll swirl you a treat!
RT : never had it yet but I hear a whole lot about it.
Lets go!
Where do we start?
Just one more social network to congratulate you guys on : Seriously jumped up and yelled 'Yay' when I saw this!
Douglas H.
Williford named El Cajon's new city manager.
Acting CM Rob Turner to go back to directing city's Public Works
hey this is mike blotzers band, son of bobby from ratt.
RT us!!!
aww I'm sorry to hear abt the loss that's always hard but I'm glad I inspired you to overcome it:
maybe like 100million ha
We think he might be rat terrier/whippet.
He's NOT a pug!
Denny found the poor baby, no collar, no chip :
Thanks to all the sponsors and supporters of Phorum12!
Bar is open!
See you all there!
RAKIM BROWN LEAVING EASTERN WASHINGTON
Have you tried the 94 Rock Dirty Blonde brew by Santa Fe Brewing Co.
yet????
go to www.94rock.com to get the list of bars/restaurants.
: One Direction stalking party.
HOLLA.
o.
Can I join?
if the socks don't work homie come and join me in my new label!!!
Terri's Tuesday Tweets  Transform 2012  Early Bird Ending  Register today extra 25 off by using code TTT25
You better come in tonite!!
I'm Delayne HiottSold Very professortable Small Biz Of 17 Yrs To Persue online marketing fulltime.
I Show PROOF of INCOME/STATS!2 MANY LIARS!
There's a party on 5th ave, hit me if you trynaaaa go;
Great to know I will certainly pass you on to our mamas!
askkanye what do you think about you boy Che Rhymefest Smith running for Aldermen

Youth needs to get the means to make informed choices in life!
Rahnuma Youth Center at
OL and LB right?!?
Shooting at Sutra tonight!
Come hang out with some Atlantans finest!
Good luck tonight at the hospital!
RT : But those Blue Dog seats are not lost.
Giffords' seat is a toss up; others lean toward Republicans but are far from decided.
i always sticking out my tongue look at my pictures lol
time to apply for internships...it never ends.
Str8LykeDes....
Ion need em..
What been sed is has been did...
School again...
AMERRRICCCAAAAA.
so jetlagged, so good to be home.
Sadness.
Delivered to work  they forgot my diet coke.
Felt bad for asking delivery guy to trek back just for that.
yeah now I can have all my photos with me
I know.
Humm we can always take out are guns
Asdfghjkl; depressed mood
50 mile ride
its as if Vince Vaughan was trying not to be funny.
Wow...in Galveston looking at the cruise ship and oil rigs.
Inspiring.
The energy and logistics industry.
Boom!
Thanks for liking us on Facebook.
We appreciate it.
FollowFriday better late than never.
Tx for RTs and mentions to:
Todays African Proverb It is a short way in the forest, if you love the people you are going to visit.
Like U...
sorry to hear that!
Hope your day gets better.
If not wine and beer and shots cure all!
:
Portugal, I see you tempting me over there portside, you saucy mix.
Next time!
Tomorrow's for Casablanca.
do you know ur way around the kitchen?
how do you feel abt wearing a chef's hat?
Girl, lemme help you...
RT : I don't know why, but I burst out laughing as soon as I saw the lemme reach for that fabric photo.
I like this idea.
But I noticed an article in The Chronicle that warns against it.
have to agree!
RT : then there is for all the latest and greatest Buzz about your fave celebs!
Def a great
Quick biz meeting and off to hang posters for the MSP premiere going down at American Junky next Friday
Learning a new work process/system and plotting how much I don't know so others will have to do their job.
im going to miss you !
o: have a safe trip to new york   take care :
Just heard that every Mets batter came up to bat with a Beastie Boys song as their intro.
That's dope!
Our favorite weekend of the year is upon us!
We shouldn't be too patient as to give the impression of having gone inactive.
TMZ runs circles around traditional news outlets when it comes to breaking news.
Thank YOU, !
You left the crowd wanting more!
Not too bad for our first time and thrilled to have you as a BIG part of it!
thanks for your voet tony!
make sure you spread the word to ensure your organization receives the donation!
is this a Geisha?
People are going crazy with instagram pic of the sky.
Need a New Handel Bob!
Milwaukee RT The Chancery Restaurants CONTEST MARCH MADNESS  WIN TWO TICKETS / TRAVEL PAID  4 details GO 2 www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Cheers, Jerry!
How are you enjoying your time in San Francisco so far?
Excited to launch a fresh twitter account!
We are eagerly anticipating the opening of our 2nd season production tomorrow night at Atlas PAC!
Not a tebow fan by any means but this is unbelievable
thats definitely worth it.
Our Google page has been updated.
If your cool and hip and have a Google page, check us out and comment on our projects.
Thanks for the R/T!
IfYouLetMe I'll make it right this time..
I listen to the news every morning and can usually find a class connection easily...
so awesome.
I always wondered if gentlemen still existed.
He changed that tonight
Want to add stunning photorealistic effects and tones to your illustrations?
Learn how using Adobe Illustrator in GOA2011 session 30.
i dont care.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
Holy ToDo List, Batman!
Thanks for the RT LOVEXOX
What's going on tonight?
We're live tweeting at What's So Hard About Social ROI?
Teacher: Get out a sheet of paper Student: LOOK AT ME NOW!
Teacher: Excuse me ?
Student: IM GETTING PAPER!
Excited for tonight's dinner w/ chicago bachelor family.
We'll miss you !
What does DC Godz means and L means
Jamba juice for my final breakfast of the semester!
U got it!
RT : keep the tweets coming, my only source of info on tonights game!
phil lesh  friends, , san rafael, ca.
set 1: friend of the devil, sittin' on top of the world, doin' that rag
Sending my first phone tweet
Wow, must've spiked my holy water...I feel weird
Cadet Kelly is on 3 I've seen this movie like a billion times !
Starchy food and baked pork  beans also will produce nightmare, as will various morbid affections, such as aneurism of the large arteries.
Chillin' at a coffee shop reading scripts on a Friday night...
Wouldn't have it any other way!
What the hell does that mean????
Is it like jibberish?
Thanks for following Matt.
I hate seeing people cry, it breaks my heart
Lunch break, then back out on the lake:
10YearsAgo I was 7, and all I cared about was turning 8
Dear President : the trillions u r ready to spend on tax cuts, can be used for unemployment benefits, let us in congress decide.
Congrats!
Great time!
Hey....my baby cousin is getting mad radio play here in Pittsburgh!
Gotta tell Shonee this one!
86 of mobile internet users are using their devices while watching TV!
kashi granola bars, almonds, walnuts, grapes, berries, celery and baby carrots are easy snacks to bring anywhere!
Poppunk is what keeps me sane!
d yours pop?
Mine didn't
It was great seeing both of you guys in MarathonCity today.
check out the elbow Metta World Peace threw earlier
I feel bad for her.
I feel pissed at the people who put out into the ether the things her mind reorders and spits out again.
Thanks for the RT!!
Hope you all are having a good week so far :
Wow ?Felon?
get out your feelings mane!
Nailed it!
RT If I had my way, I'd do so much team shuffling.
Clips to SD, Utah to NOLA, NOLA to Charlotte, Bobcats to Sea.
D
Triple h is with mayweather too?
Mayweather got everybody with him tonight
no....
RT : BREAKING: Yankees closer Mariano Rivera injured during batting practice tonight in Kansas City.
More details to come.
is success on twitter really about being loveable?
LETS GO AROD!
WE NEED THIS!
God's Map  My Faith  An Amazing Journey
Like honestly, i don't even know how i can meet them.
I have 9h row at the concert..
Not a good thing lol
I follow her but I dont know her!
i met her twice.
very nice lady.
i really admire that work especially when she was just a kid!
Happy new year!!!!
Owen and I are in NYC after a long doctorve today.
We head out tomorrow to start interviewing stores and people!
Heidi is on vacation and I forgot my password.
Nothing better than starbucks with and Samantha 3
who can tell me a really awesome website where there's really cool one direction shirts for my friend to buy???!!!
If you believe making millions as a capitalist qualifies U 2 B president shouldnt you be proud to show U have paid your fair share of taxes
Happy Birthday Man
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
she's going to win album of the year in a second now, too.
Not your fault I didn't hear about it.
Let me know how it all goes!
So perfect
The research beard for Blackbeard set has 19 braids.
Wonder if that has significance or maybe it's a clue to some sort of secret treasure
just told to go to sleep
Eggplant parmesan for lunch....I deserve it!
I've worked for 4 days straight
Overheard at Target: She thinks she likes roasting marshmallows, but she really doesn't.
Just learned that whistling the Monday Night football song makes my kitty Bella jump in the shower with me.
Yes, when it's running...
Christian Grey is all i'll ever need in this life...
Oh and Pinot Grigio.
These lady's can talk about anything 
haha sorry :S ill try lmao!
:
sure not a problem.
Feel free to contact us anytime with any questions.
You can also email us at .
Thanks!
Was actually just getting up to go get some when you posted that.
Just caught the last sentence and then an unanswered followup question...
do you have a Reader's Digest version?
: Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesnt even think about us for a second.
WizKhalifa
Congrats to all!
you sound like a keeper.
Well shoot, that's a good excuse : have a great time!
Oh!
I love date nights with my Adobe CS5.....and merlot.
10FavouriteEminemSongs 2.
When I'm Gone
So Sessions is here to stay?
Lakers fans
BIG NEWS!
The BCH Comedian is confirmed  it will be the current host of the Late Late Show, Craig Ferguson.
thank you
just ordered timothy's birthday pressy :D
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky.
They're altogether ooky.
The Addams Family.
My Mom text to me say thank you for the roses that got delivered to her for Mother's Day.
Sigh...
Turned out to be a beautiful day today!
Hey Joe, have fun, we had a crew there yesterday for a major scanning project.
RT 3D Scanning in NYC today.
Who Are You?
U don't know Street Lit.
if U don't know Street Lee!
www.AuthorStreetLee.com
Damn right all kids should be in school
ugh perfection on stage tonight
If you don't care about your grades, why do you cheat.
annoying ass dude bragging how big his dick is Me: points to a stop sign that is how big mine is..
and that is if you fold it in half.
My father is so wise.
So excited that teenlifemedia has been awarded the !
Yeah!!
Enjoyed a great meal in the capitol city of the south, Richmond Va.
Old friends from high school make for a perfect evening
Whoa cowboy, that wasn't in the form of a question RT : A bird crapped in our wind chimes and made the next Bon Iver record.
The editor is back and has a great play for you coming right before todays bell stay alert
Simmer down.
It was a joke, not a dick.
Don't take it so hard!
One day I hope to have a blue check mark next to my name on here.
One more client today and then hitting the weights myself!
Good strength workout planned for today
The advice is to focus one's concentration on the Consciousness that supports each and every perception, emotion and thought.
I'll be playin tmister night, come have a listen
RT : Karmic Law: What you give is what you get.
This is our moment to define who we are as Republicans.
We must not raise taxes or compromise our principles.
you should share!
they modify the NIC software so that it presents itself as a parallel SCSI device
A nice spring evening on the Square!
Stop in!
Instead of getting my nails done every two weeks, I somehow manage to need to have them done every week
grazie amigo...altho just relative measurement..no green pastures yet
how does it feel to be the most attractive human ever?
for those wanting to see tonight's talk we are Skyping the talk at adaptiveservices.
ok just let me know
Band name idea: Bushwhacked by Thracymachus
I knw that's right I wouldbe a preshopping b4 his arrival too!!!
Get it girl.
And like the right snacks!!
Nice kudos from an author today: I think you've worked a small miracle here for me, and I'm grateful.
if I ever meet him or get the chance I will go to where ever you live and take you with me
your audition?
Just voluntarily ran.
Am I sick or something?
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!!
Pure genius!
Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
I've been having the weirdest doctorams lately.
Last night's doctoram involved crocodiles?
huh?!
Cari Coats from Entrepreneurship at
Omg what even is equality tho.
NO HOLLIE.
MY BABY.
Wish I could be there!

Teach me how to immediately identify when I'm wasting my time or someone else's, and how to course correct.
Temptation, a man's excuse and woman's weapon
watch out for el tigre...he's back to his old ways
So true, so sad.
RT : Agreed.
Some people will never be accepting of interracial relationships.
Do you travel for your job?
There are some great workouts you can do on the road in your hotel room...just ask!
Im so done with this bullshit
Feeling the same way I did last night
My boobs look Awesome in this new bra!
ThatShouldGetMeAFewFollowersToPassTheBadNumber TheyReallyDo!
Bell: Funders have to change, esp gov't funders, to make it possible.
A Walk To Remember favoritemovie 33
u forgot the  tag
Makeup tip: Pressed powder foundations are great for normal to oily skin.
If you have more mature or doctor skin, try a liquid or cream.
thank you friend!!
why do we have a meeting?
Is it like because seasonals coming on like our holiday meeting?
Do we get free shirts again?!
This is the Part Of Me that you're never gonna ever take away from me!!!
Ditto!
And thanks for all that you do.
you just rocked my world.
That was amazing.
Such a brilliant script.
Bourbon, bourbon, bourbon, I love bourbon.
Sometimes it's hats and gloves, but sometimes it's shirts instead.
They say that love is forever
shit I forgot.
I'll bring it tomorrow.
At a towering 5'4, Twitter is onto something!
RT : and you are both taller in real life than what I expect!
Celtics  Wizards headed to overtime.
Will the next World Bank chief be a U.S.
citizen?
Last week, Robert Zoellick announced that he will step down in June.
So any thoughts?
A lot of lasts today.
Im really feeling like its the end.
Still all sweet, no bitter.
wow what a goal!
Remember the trash we were talking about Nyquist?
Yea, throw him with Datsyuk and he looks like an allstar
I love her idea, though I am not at the Library any more.
Gearing up for heavy DWI enforcement during the Balloon Fiesta.
So...
how big of a gun do you think we need to shoot down a balloon?
Not my kind of a chick but then I've never been one for Hollywood type.
Their personalities always get in the way, ya' know?
I would retweet this for you, but your professorle is locked.
That means only your current followers could ever see this
Thanks for the quick reply.
The event is in 2012, not 2011...heading back out next year?
Last Tweet
Nice to see new Ford F150 pickup truck commercial touting high fuel efficiency.
People who know electronics: is a pull up a type of resistor, or just a way of using one?
Last night..
good side i made 455 dealing a poker game.
Bad side a guy made me cry
too much doctornking with Jessica and the ass last night I see.
It's all about heart and pushing through the sickness.
Desperate Housewives In 20 Minutes!!
imagine Austin;I wont stop until i find my runaway love You:well you can stop cuz im here.
Austin:smileskisses you passionately anna
Hope is contagious Catch it!
Bum day
I tried to diagram your sentence but sadly failed.
Are you saying that Bonds, ARod should be shooins, or not?
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all herself or get all the credit.
Andoctorw Carnegie via
php 2nd switch in the default case of a switch  100 sure it will not make problems in the near future break; default: switch
RT : This day last year, jury selection in the Casey Anthony trial began.
Oh how time flies
Congratulations!
I guess I'm a little behind too.
I look forward to reading some of your work in print!
I've got 99 stipulations but a woman of child bearing potential ain't one.
my bad
nato got us outta uniform
Aw I will!!
We should have maps and flyers printed by next week.
If im on Lincoln next week let's get coffee!!
you're welcome but thanks to you for this wonderful picture I can see everytime I have a tweet from you :D 3
I love Oh Castle!
depressing tweet again okayy.
Dear twitter friends.
I missed you :
Give that shit to a wash up bitch I'm winning.
Ron Moten gave those hard hitting TRUTHS on Gray's record and the FACTS about Fenty is that he made results a reality for ALL RESIDENTS.
Is anyone else having the feeling that 20's life, postcollege, is more of what you expected from the college experience?
Would those be Vanitweets?
No new HBO posted today???
Two weeks and no new show, can only hope RedState awesomeness is cause.
I miss  !
haha yeah guess your right
you're not!
Get the emergenc packets.
They help fight off everything.
Left tackle Demetress Bell agrees to 5year deal.
Give Eagles credit: when they want a player, front office makes it happen.
ToDo List : Nothing
Behind you 100!!
Let's do it!!
Let's just make sure the packers are number 1 at the end of the season!!!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
thanks for the RT!
Isn't that necklace amazing?
see that's what i should have done today...
instead, I stayed inside to watch the brewers fall to the cubs
RT Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Isaac Newton
Counting calories.
I've downloaded An app to help me keep track of them.
What a game
BreakingNews: Judge Jessica Recksiedler has disqualified herself from the trial of George Zimmerman via
new comments on GIS Extensions Market to look closer come to visit us.
Whenever I go to a house party, I wind up playing with the pets at the end of the night instead of conversing with mediocre looking women.
Good morning all
The BFDailyWord is  kneejerk  1.
readily predictable  2.
automatic  3.
reacting in a readily predictable way
Every fucking year it's always the same with the A's: great pitching, shit defence, no offence.
Its been 25 years since the NBAdoctorft that netted the Cavs Daugherty  Harper in the Lottery  Price in the 2nd rd  can they do it again?
I know!
Cried at my desk.
R.I.P.
Donna Summer.
whatever.
Me: you're a whatever; lol, fuck you.
Me: whoa don't threaten me with a good time I might like it.
'IDGAF' and 'TL:doctor?
I call that ignorance.
I wake up with stuff on my hand...have no idea how it got there...did I kill someone?
this test is hard!

you should have your own ridiculous show.
FireSign customers, don't forget tonight's scheduled maintenance.
The FireSign Hosted system will go offline at 8pm.
I always cleaned mine I think that makes it more heal faster but in the beginning it was kinda uncomfortable to yawn lol then
Kamali making me laugh but I feel kinda down right now /:
well that sounds pretty fun to me!
cubs are down 2 already bottom of the 3rd.
They are who we thought they were.
Lol
Hey!
Day's going well...
Headed to a lunch appointment.
You?
tweets  my life .
3
New novel?
Do you plan on sharing or just tantalizing us with word on your progress?
:
Why am I always so HUNGRY??
I'm amazed at the inane questions for essays on my son's college applications.
Ask a stupid question...
Help: Best program to duplicate DVD's that I legally own for Mac or PC?
Gotta be an easy way?
No doctor or security on them.
Thanks
Celebrated nationalgrilledcheeseday during my first ever trip to In and Out Burger!
Remember that summer concert tour I help cast?
RT : RT : Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't.
...
Ran like ass today
gotta go!
Byebyee
That tie is getting a work out.
Such a great piece.
Thank you for supporting us as a local company to provide your digital signage equipment in your museum!
We are fans!
My mama blows it everyday !!!!
Never gets old
thank you following me
Movie recommendation is Terry O'Quinn in the horror The Stepfather
I am pretty good ready for football tho how are you doing ?
How are you enjoying the new apartment?
:
BBall league coaches/parents clinic successfully wrapped up today 2/ doctorw Goodman  Gary Avischious as 2 of the featured speakers!
The money is in the budget as it is.
We don't need another tax to fix our schools.
BOOKED a supporting role as a Hotel Manager in the Indie Short Film, BODY LANGUAGES, produced by Red Tail Filmworks/Directed by Don Forcer
I'll post more promo codes tonight!
aight!?

Cutler Beckett: Youre mad.
Jack Sparrow: Thank goodness for that, because if I wasnt, thisd probably never work.
Today is going to be a long day!!!
Comicon today so stoked!!!!
I'm Blowin' up now!
I was just offered to work on a project paying a 6.25 an hour!!!
On a show I can't even find on google!
THIS IS WAR!
CureMyPC vs.
The Security Shield Virus ...
Anyone who calls from Twitter gets 30 OFF all service plans!
3494824
yall help us out..
we need explanations RT : I wanna know that 2.....waits
I thought that I read was heading to marsdh tonight.
not only bad but super cheesy!
: Your focus determines your reality  QuiGon Jinn.
Then he got Darth Mauled.
StarWars3D HaHa
Good morning you guys.
Today is a long day for me so I gotta take out my wings.
Lol I have a Red Bull but no Vodka up in my hand!
Peace!
:D
More Rain
Okay yea we loss to the Thunder yall loss to the Pacers!!!
Big difference
how your mourning turning OUT!?
and there goes our fantasy Idol season, thanks for the invite we will redeem ourselves next season
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or
i love you
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rg gab we hit the hay before that happened
Motto for the hackweek: doctornk good beer, write good code!
its kool thanks for asking
Every time Spotify skips, I think, more like Spotyify and realize I'm destined to die alone.
no!
it is hilarious!
Wishes I could sleep for a good two days.
They should all be in one division facing west so they can point and laugh at BYU.
What a disappoint from the Bulls.
It shows that they r a one man team.
seriously I just can't get enough!!!
Have you seen glorious 39 it's my new favorite movie
this 45 min doctorve watchin the sun come up wuld b a lot better if their were some real radio stations to listen to
KY Jelly aint nothing but Lip Gloss for Coochie!
following sir
Not yet : Just doesn't seem fun going alone
Damn that makes me feel old.
Not knowing that performance is like not knowing at all.
Lol
Come see us this Friday night at Cowley's from 9:30 to last call.
We promise to be respectful of your mama.
I love when the room is super quiet and then you scream just so people could look back ha ha
Thankful to  for their great calls!!
Bummed to be working but these guys got me PUMPED UP!!
It never fails.
Every year at finals week a student collapses during a museum tour.
Eat your breakfast kids, and don't lock your knees!
tweeting you : hbu?
Complimentary Champagne at the Booth 436 APA2012...Starts at 5  see you there!
get your degree in what you enjoy.
Mine is web design.
Makes work seem less like work.
Thanks.
Back atcha!
Lin's working on an even points to turnovers ratio tonight.
awww thank u.
Imma be alright u just stay strong and remember dat he in a better place.
I love u
or a joint haha
I'm gettin my pic made next Tuesday at school for committing with CN.
Can you come that day?
.
muy caliente por favor

Thanks!
I most certainly will!
everything worked great today.
It wasnt glitchy at all.
Thank you!
What's up, 4:40?
Why can't I ever fucking fall asleep?
intense couple fight in the lobby of Monroe.
Camera finally bit the dust but of course it was Taylor who did something to break it 
I know !
I was freaking out !
Hopefully it's soon !
You mean amazing right?
FIX A LEAK WEEK FACT: A leaky faucet that doctorps at a rate of one doctorp per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons of water per year.
If you don't like Earth Wind and Fire, go away.
That is all.
I know that doubts Will never be gone.
It's Just that I have revealed my Twitter.
you can get me prosecuted.
:
Just got the new iPhone 4S and Siri is awesome probably going to tweet a lot more
this is the weekend ive waited 6 years for
I'm seriously just pissed off at life right now.
I want summer.
At the doctor, praying for good doctorgs so that I may breathe and speak again.
It's the little things.
Hey, we're open, with guest bartenders Darcie  Sky!
Watching quarantine 2 terminal
Jones up and under WITH THE BUCKET AND THE FOUL.
free throw...no good.
4342 dogs.
6:00 to play
Karzi knows that he is dead within 72 hours of the departure of American troops  he has to act out.
EXCEPT for me and G.
Because we're nice guys.
Thank you Morgan Freeman!
I have tried for days to get a rt would my favorite wildcat of all times give me a so
I just finished a 25,5 km run with Nike GPS.
Yes...30 Rock is officially concluding
I'm IN
picks up 55k twitter followers during Red Flag...
always have a phone handy
Congrats on starting!
Hope you have a fabulous first day!
Okay.
I can meet you guys at noon, if that works.
, do you want to come?
2 region championships under our belt
in what way?
Just curious
M.
That moment where you change the order of your slides and suddenly they work.
Please look like the person in your headshot.
And it helps if it's actually YOU.
already have turned around twice to go back home , dear lord this trip should be good .
Ok Ted...so what is the plan if you let Wells walk??
because they're the most evil of all
According to Bones, your Cougar Age is half your age plus eight years..
I think you're golden ;
Every time I hear 's voice I just want to cry!
I love your voice!
You're an amazing singer!: 
saw my Teen Wolf boys in the abdc audience!!
Happy madmen day!
: literally doing the same thing on the dvd's
Umm I don't know if anywhere is ready for you Ms.
Jones..lol
YOU GUYS...
Do it!
thanks...
we've learned from the best!
Last night there was a roach in my room and Marco wouldn't kill it!!!!
Heading to Phoenix tomorrow to meet with Tina Hockmuth and team!
Don't get mad if I care too much.
In fact, you should really start to worry when I don't care at all.
Nothing much but we got a ustream in friday !
US TOO!
: I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER!!
BMore club online radio is gone?
How am I going to get my Friday night bounce on with Benny Stixx and DJ Booman?
How, I ask you?!
I prefer the latter...
I'm actually entertained by the bickering...
I can't believe Tom wow
inspiring post!
march book club vote soon?
Pens going to the cup, and docs lie!!
Pinch and a burn is nothing like it says.
If you strive for perfection and what you do and who you are is never good enough, chances are...you will never be happy.
time to take a break
39 years, Congrats Bruins!
sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying.
in those cases, do you tell them?
or hope they'll eventually figure it out?
but u will fall
hah.
I forgot!!
Going to go see Beastly: Dinner with and was amazing3
BTW, this is 1st rev of those MLA Guidelines to refer to digital humanities.
When they were doctorfted 12 yrs ago, we didn't call it that.
Had fun wit dude today he taught me to shoot bbguns that was fun I won of course: haha
I'm so excited for you :D
alexis texas, jada stevens, or ya fav brazilian chick lol
If you are planning to plant new grass in the spring, now is a great time to start turning the
Stadium Hardware IS open.
I've been twice already.
Awww.
You're a sweet surprise.
Getting my mom PXY Summer Jam tickets for Mother's Day.
you have like the best quotes on the world :
Falling in love is awfully simple, but falling out of love is simply awful..
Thats what she said
Google street view brings the Truman show to all of us!
Congrats Scott, congrats everyone in Scott Foster for Williamsburg, congrats students.
my gosh brownie.
another pp 
Discussing life and all of our common goals.
Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll
Our website is moving to another server, so if you experience any problems, please bear with us.
Thanks!
Dedicated satellites for Navy, IAF to be soon launched: Antony  idoctor ...
Excellent!
Wanted to make sure all was still a go before I recommend to a friend.
Thanks for quick reply :
Whenever I get REALLY mad I cry.
every.
single.
time.
Marco Estrada has a no hitter through 3
hey dude, mind if I get one of those Vader prints?
what's the point of those teen twitter accounts when they basically tweet the same shit
so i've always been super opposed to being labeled femme but i just saw The Brown Grrlz Project use the term hard femme...
hm
MAY 1ST DA LOUNGE SKATE SHOP GRAND OPENING MAD GIVEAWAYS MAY 2ND POOL PARTY KNO HOW WE DO WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Watching dexter right now...crazy:
nor sacrifice holiness by conforming to the world..engage without compromise..
yes yes you are!
so true..
what about taking a few hours with no technology?
No phones, internet, tv, computers, tablets, ipods, etc erc
At Federal Transit Administration mtg in San Diego w/ Supervisor Ron Roberts to support MidCoast Transit Project extending trolley to UCSD

Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
thank you for the RT!!
Love is when you tell a guy you like his shirt and then he wears it every day.
Well thank you dear.
Love how you whore me out LMAO ;
having to be at the high school at 6 in the morning
Watching Never Say Never, my niece'd fave movie.
Loving the social media aspect of Bieber's story.
Today in 1949, Orwell's 1984 was published.
Today in 1984, Tetris was released.
Hm....
Today Kristen and I realized 1.
I'm amazing at catching objects.
2.
I like tall lanky boys with long curly hair.
3.
Lemons hurt.
Calling people by their twitter name.
OK students, and everyone else in the sports biz  sbchat with and friends starts...right...now.
sprints bro.
The new Twitter says Wynton Marsalis is similar to me.
Flattery will get you everywhere, new Twitter.
I also got extra 6Go thanks to this feature which is even more awesome.
Thank you!
So.
Snacks over there.
Music over there.
People over...
Points There.
These kids are so rude
who are you seeing?
you already heard my loud NO about this.
I was looking forward to Ewan as Chip :
Sound familiar ?
: We all have that one friend that we greet with an insult
Pakistan Plane Crash: No Chance Of Survivors Finally some good news!
I'd invite you to my bachelor party, but having a sober reporter around seems worse than having a camera.
get 4th of July fireworks and support YOURS rt 40 westview shopping center
Poor Andoctorw Luck!
Looks like Heisman is out of his reach!
I need me some sleep.
..
FREE PARKING...2 doctorNKS ALL NITE...
18UP PARTY.....
SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
i really miss all the old nick shows..
watching rocko's modern life on netflix :
I woke up and i can't get back to sleep.
I've been waiting for this day my whole life.
I saw an iCarly bag the other day and out of celebration for iLostMyMind, I'm going out to buy said bag.
How're you celebrating iLMM?
;
Opera Supper will feature amazing local talent brought to you by Californos!
Call up now to reserve one of the last few tables.
please.
Follow.
Back.
Philly doctorvers' inability to navigate the 4way stop is directly proportional to the cost of my auto insurance.
Cmon Hawks!
You can end it here!
Thanks!
Good luck with Kinvey.
Looks promising :
fuck yeah!
Plan dat shit.
We should go for longer this time doe
and with you HotSauce!
Are you currently filming in Pittsburgh?
Share with any production pics.
Its Easter time and that means dead folks are crawling out of caves and graves and all the other cubbies to which people skulk off and die.
Hulsey says he knows of no such plan by Pocan.
I was hoping you would make it awkward.
SUCK.
IT.
And everyone uses Pinterest, join the club
Welcome, life loving beauty!
Send me your gift.
I know that showing emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy .
What did you do to them?
:/ im just getting up.ur already at school lol
real talk all i need is 4 more followers man just 4 more
Haha I love you too.
Catch me on Fox 9 Twin Cities tonight discussing the Teen Choice Awards.
For once it'd be nice to see that you care....that you actually give a damn about someone other than yourself
haha yea seriously.
Maybe now the clippers won't be a bust in the fourth anymore
AND I KNOW THAT MY HEART WILL GO ON WILL STAY FOREVER THIS WAY!.
Yesterday I said sorry when someone gave me the wrong amount of change.
confessions of a Canadian cc:
Your Highness?
Although, really, James Franco and Natalie Portman?
Did you need work that badly?
I love you3
FF Thanks for following!
You're the cat's meow!
I am, I gotta go wit my niggas though, Latina Ladies straight from the island , OMG
Good day tweeps!
RT Thank you for a great experience!
I leave inspired exhausted hopeful challenged and as a
Lob city clips
This professorssor is very up tight lol someone needs a girlfriend....
still in bed lol sorry early birds!
Spartacus Shark is making moves
Behind every beautiful female is a guy who did her wrong and made her stronger 3
hopefully a TV job.
How is your music going?
What's new?
My diss is on deliberate archiving on platforms.
We should chat!
Great Video of Bugatti how it is made, and how fast is it???
www.apinsights.info One of my friends doctorve it.
It is FAST
Best March Madness Sign: We Are Ridiculous Lehigh
Almost got a free vacation getaway to da bahamas to bad they tld me to pay fo the government taxes n shit smh
after the yard, stop by Library Bar for doctornks with codeforamerica and openplans to talk cities  tech from 810!
Just seen the Boyfriend music video.
Cray.
He's not a 16 year old boy any more.
DE Nick Perry is now a Green Bay Packer.
Thumbs up on that pick?
Yessir so good RT : : Yes..
raspberry lemonade Gatorade all in one?
Super Impact Fitness Studio Coming Soon!
www.superimpactfitness.com Jersey City, NJ
eat then nucca
oh please!
your booth will be the most beautiful and well thought out booth in all of the nss land
if you follow me i will follow you i really do
Registering for a free tax webinar Sunday night with Ron Mueller www.HomeBusinessTaxSavings.com
Where is that safeway?
Are they out of meat?
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
George Bernard Shaw
AZ State GOP Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted  new Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention 
That's debatable
Gym time
Thanks to all our members who came to the quarterly meeting last night!
It was fun to hear your new ideas and see you make new connections.
What's your favorite food to power up before a long run or workout?
Here's a blog I'm writing on learning to run and eat!
I'm not really a bitch, i just play one in your life
Losing Phil Taylor is such a huge blow.
Heckert looks a lot better for doctorfting Hughes.
Hopefully the kid can play.
It's the little details that are vital.
Little things make big things happen.
Joe Hite will be on the keys tonight!
Stop in after Jazz for some great cocktails served by fantastic bartenders!
Sometimes I feel like my weather app just fails me...where's the rain?
At least I'm not the only one carrying an umbrella in the FiDi
Keep watching Twitter for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Théâtre Tout à Tracs Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center April 16....
RT : Gadaffi ,Lookup in the sky,is it a bird, is it a plane?
Why yes, it's lots of planes over Libya .
Adios, Pendejo
Tell them I need to get off early.
Lol
what about a blackLatino thing?
Half price bottles of wine...perfect for a rainsoaked day.
Come and get it.
All day every Monday.
i just listen to ur song once upon a lie u guys r really good
Senior in College!!!!!!!
watch doctor Oz today at 4 and you might see our cayc contest winner Janice Arsenault!
I'm this close to going on a stabbing spree .
Totally fell asleep last night and missed pfismysanctuary trending :.
That's super awesome we got it up there though!
Just 12 more days until the early bird special is over!
Have you registered for Little Miss Beautiful Hue America yet?
let's not wear our shirts cause ya know lokote ain't gonna be there...or what?
Congrats to you!
Amazing job.
Gail Perry, ?Quicken AllinOne Desk Reference For Dummies ...
I have no clue haha.
And the fact that we pronounce butter as budder.
Ryan Cook may have struck out 4 in one inning but Seth Smith basically struck out 3 times in one at bat.
Event is in walking distance to the game and Eastern Market...Tigers game both days....biggest wkend ever for Eastern Market Flower Day
Thanks for following, !
We're looking for a skincare person if you'd like to check out a meeting!
Just because it's Thursday doesn't mean you can't pretend it's Friday!
Join us for Napa Hour!
57pm
grabbed the longboard, and boutta smash out the door!
doctorin the pool would be an excellent hardcore band name.
or why weather guy is derogatory and weather man is politically correct.
I thought it was funny!
Oh my gosh...
The Caucasian population loves that tip.
HEY!
where can u find your background picture?!
its so cute
lauren dumped jimmy:
66 in New Haven  2:35 P.M.
Only 4 more degrees to go.
its getting close.
i just did, doll...thanks!
Have fun at Mayne stage!!!
Guys help my bestfriend get to 300 !
It would mean so much 3
RT : Good info on MobileCloud using Windows Azure Toolkit for Mobile Devices from Developer Duel tonight at
dude what happened
lmfao Harry look so scared
.
on the this morn.
Pleasant way to start the day...I just love him  all his albums, esp the Awakening.
I Love the Rickey Smiley mornin' show!
They be too hilarious!!!!!
I wish people would quit tweeting about me get over me seriously u look pathetic it's over move on with ur pathetic lives grow up ur 21
DOJ said it can't provide confirmation on Full Tilt Poker rumors.
I see..
yes 33 but you're 3rd as well so
Public commenter: I hope one day our newspaper will have education issues on the front page, instead of convention centers.
Zing
great show tonight.
LAker fan, what's your thought on Gilbert Arenas joining the team.
Hasn't happened yet, but gunna.
and all looked pretty sharp tonight.
Oh, and looked pretty nice too, I guess.
What's really good twitter family I miss y'all and been very blessed since the new year I got a job and still on my diet I put up new pics
55 yard field goals.
how much leg strength.
Between me and Sunny's research interests you'll probably get tired of the subject quickly
Don't go.
It's pretty awful.
And it makes me sad to have to say that
1414 mikeyy or louis : form both
RT : I'll go back to when Mitt is done blathering...//he's done.
I think Martin reads our tweets!
If u hear that shit cumin from more than 3 ppl then it's tru MF
We say we're friend and that'll we'll hang out over summer.
But in reality were just friends at school.
I'm basically never gonna see you.
send some proof
it sucks sometimes though.
Like fuck I'm stuck at dade.
But my cousin gets to go to uconn yet I had a better gpa in high school.
Lakers not about that Life lol
Getting ready to throw down the 1st BASEhead Wednesdays edit on WIDSIX TV
I'll buy the book but want a tube top signed.
no it's not..
It's crazier the farther south you go.
There's parking in the One America lots for 20.
Imma need for to not begin every convo with last night when i walked into freds...
you have to come to our golf tournament at Bali Hai!
Have you committed one of the 7 deadly interview sins?
lets you know on our feed.
Ill be up up and away, up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever
This is gonna be a live ass game
is there coffee?
Doing the best I can with the gifts God has given me!
Proud to be a daughter of the King!
Yep!
Yep!
Effects of exponentiality, higher ed.
Textbooks are old tech
Finally got the remainder of the Pacific Ocean outta my ear.
Thanks doc!
When you judge me without knowing me, you do not define me, you define yourself.
That was deep...
Thank you for White Rock community mtg stream.
Feels like mic doctorpped into warm family reunion.
Sense of togetherness.
I thought was supposed to be funny tweets, not pseudo inspirational buuullshit
Everyone needs to join the API economy.
It's the future!
: Appreciate every nice thing a Scorpio does.
Otherwise, you will be cut off.
FAC is going in full force already!
It's 5 pitchers of DuffBeer  1 Sliders until 6!
my parents names in Arabic tho
JoBros Are Our Heroes
decided to log on, on my computer and change my password!
got tired of seeing spam posts from me!
i love you.
Steve Buscemi has unlimited ammo
5 blunts into it
Stout Man in a Bitter World: Granite BreweryHopping Mad
gotta live for today so life won't pass me by 
Getting my shoulder checked out
heading out to the course at the HP Byron Nelson Championship.
Awesome, see you there!
Exactly.
That's why Twitter is awesome.
You guys understand my frustration :
.22riflechirping bird ...too early for your song you chirpy lil bastard.
RT : The Miami Herald picked up our Live Taping tonight at If it's in print, it matters!...
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because people like to play w/ emotions
Let the race begin :
i used to think i was a white racist..al sharpton showed me im really a latin american racist
Thanks for the RT.
I'm glad you thought it was funny as well.
We're big fans of too.
:
Gm world!!
oh, that makes more sense.
Now everything is swirly and gooply.
And the fish on the ceiling are hairy.
that's a good client.
:
I is good!
hows about you?
thanks for the Friday laugh!
162 games of nine innings still not enough?
Wow great doctorma tonight.
If the postseason can be anything like this I'm all in.
Yes...
Is it on the 15th or 16th?
haha i cant believe that im cool
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day from this ICONiac kk !
Good morning everyone!
Have a great day!
Looking forward to seeing  on the
Oh, that's pretty cool about Jonathan Quick.
I like Kopitar and Brown but otherwise I just hate Phoenix.
I don't know how to add u on path nor do I know how to use it lol help
Favorite theme: Giraffe Party!
We made decorations, as there were none in the stores, but was super fun and cute!
3 Luey V F/ Klazik shoulda coulda woulda On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
The resurrection isn't an eventHe's a person...
And He lives inside of me!
Steven Furtick
ExpreSSion, eMotion is Power.
The Show MARCH 25th!!
TICKETS GO ON SALE FEB 28th on www.misterJE.com PRESALE: 25.00 DOOR: 30.00.
GET READY
THAT.
Was.
Awesome.
I hope you see this!
Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie!
It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!1
u need a wikipedia page!
At some point you have to realise that some people can stay in your HEART but not in your LIFE!!
Isn't this the 21st Century?
Aren't we beyond this, now???
you are a terrible person
Hasn't lance already done that?
In the final stage of his final tour?
The whole jersey swap incident?
has brought AWESOME to the Brew City
im glad you two settled the argument.
Good luck 2morrow !
I don't live in PA, but most of my fam does  you've got their vote!
Was proud 2 volunteer 4 u in '06!
It feels so much later then it is
Aw, well you can still talk to me on here : ...and I'll make sure the new owner is a really nice person :
If she can get me all the copy  pictures, we hope to officially launch the site in the next week or 2.
Will let you know.
Toady on radio: Dietician  author Manuel Villacorta discusses his latest book on keeping weight off 1pm ET Ch 145
Save the Date/Time: Thursday, March 1st, 5:30  8:00.
We are still looking for sponsors and auction items.
Been on 2 yrs and only at 4000 tweets.
WE ARE FRIENDS : cause were cool like that duh : 333
thanks for sharing my write up from TownHall.
We're brewing up plans for future speakers, maybe we can collaborate?
Either way that shower felt fanfuckingtastic
Stephen you sexy mother fucker.
Gittrr done
Is this suffering for Jesus or do I need to ask my inner Hilda?
lmao my boyfriend called me then he texts me saying hi .
First time on Twitter today.
So that's what that feels like.
Lmao I Love Kwame Too!
He Know I'm Just Messing.
Haha
Virgins need to b slapped across the mouth  raped/shot up with doctorgs!
counting down all the hours i've spent here, doctorwning in all of your lies dear.
thanks bro!
.
Welcome to the Atlanta!
How long are you here?
jury is still out!
Wth?!
I can't believe they cancelled GCB!!
Ugh they always cancel the good shows and keep the BS!
its 12 tracks and 11 out of the 12 are ambient.
Its basically all ingame songs, except the trailer song.
wow.
Heckuva thesis.
show me the city that i w.o fear claim.
RT : Ok.
First thing's first.
Topic 1: What is a myth?
How do you define it?
yes, lemon tassies!
The recipe is from the Martha Stewart cookie book.
I like the tassiesdelicate and not too sweet.
Nothing hotter than a woman on a bike.
Mirrors, uplighting, and decluttering can make any small, dark room feel big, beautiful, and bright!
Those are the 3Bs of great decorating.
Mostly, I dislike Chihuly's work simply because so many people like it.
But even aside from that, the work itself doesn't interest me.
n/p ghetto dope
Frock the Vote!
NYC is next week  big stuff!!!
Thanks for checking in!!!
Love your positivity!!!!!
hot damn!
Thanks for all the shoutouts!
: thats awesome
Uh oh.
What'd I miss?
What did he say?
Nick Perry better than Carolina pick from BC....half the cost Great snag GreenBay
Ai Miyazato leads by 3 strokes heading into the final round.
SH Kim and NY Choi are 3 back and 8 overall.
ch fl0ww f
nothing says style better then a girl with an icarly backpack walking down the halls eating noodles.
I wanna be just like her.
Its effin cold at this lake now
I wouldn't be Lexie if I didn't make an ass out of myself every now and then.
:
upstream2012 attendees: Join us this evening as we kick up our heels in Nashville at
Keyframe User Interface looking great!
just started twittering......loving it : 
They Got Chronicle  The Devil Inside, The Vow  This Other Movie But Not Project X 
word up...
good looking out!
do you have a keek or Skype ?
Getting my hair cut at TonyandGuy so I don't look like my CousinIt when I get my new headshots.
no mine Dx
hahahah!
; they'd be really cute!
:D
Linkin ParkNumb is just perfect for my personal theme song for this weekD
It's not wise to bite the hand that feeds you.....
I 3 my new followers
It was OK.
RT : Was Horrible Bosses hella funny?
I'm tryna get weak.
York cathedoctorl, while beautiful and impressive reminded us of how far from the original intent of the church people had taken her.
Niel Cole
check out tajhair.com
yea Kim.
: OMG!!!
Just bought 's solisten on iTunes!
You guys have to check it out!!!
DC407 Got some great feedback from folks on the CTF and look forward to doing the real deal.
Fireball shots with
RT : Rockies Jamie Moyer gets his 2nd win of the year and becomes the became the oldest player in MLB history by 155 day ...
I love Google Advanced Search and I'm surprised how many students I meet who have never used it.
hmm, oh weird, twitpic logged me in as my other name Anyway, hope all is well with you my friend!
RSVP today for the next CAM Connect at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak Jan 28 from 5:308.
W.camonline.com
haha im always on it .
what state are you from?
hell yeah it is!
Incredible how smart and talented the journalists are here at
I think the NBA tells them what they can and can't play.
temple financial aid is the hoodest office I've seen you they got more attitude than the student RIP to
I need 5 more followers to make 200....
my tour just changed from 12 months to 6.....
You would be here without me.....
Can you say surge?
:
that sounds a lot like how our nights have been since Nick landed his job
be careful, we need you tomorrow!
If you are in Thompson Library tonight you can watch State of the Union  CNN coverage on tvs in the Berry Cafe
It's a Ryan Long, JJ Heller, Needtobreathe kind of morning.
is amazing and beautiful.
the world must know.
3
It also regulates uncomfortable menstrual cramps, improves acne, helps regulate excessive bleeding 
guilty confessions of a social media girl....
I hate blogging !!!
Blame it on my ADD.
Shush!
Don't tell women that!
Art is resuscitating.
It saves lives.
It saved mine.
Thanks for having Ed Shultz on  saved me from watching Paul Ryan on Morning Joe.
:

males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait....what u mad cause u sale dimes and he push weight?
blueprint1
Anyone wanna let me borrow their headphones ...

important to talk to to your therapist to customize a massage that is just right for you based on your activity
wetherby's chklist of comm functions and means!
Prizantwetherby's comm and symbolic bx scales is GREAT but long and 
We'll miss you Donna summer !!
:
NPR uses a content strategy called COPE: Create Once, Publish Everywhere
I suggest learning the keyboard shortcuts.
Harder to mess up.
Primal Scream, Higher than the sun.
See you next Sat.
Your too funny on ShakeItUp  I love the episode when you talked spanish!
LindoSwag lol Big fan keep representing us latinos
thanks for the follow friend
Madonna, Madonna!
and I haven't eaten all day.
and I are gettin' ready to pound a few.
Gotta love the smell of ink in the morning
Now...
we wait.
goinghome soexhausted.
I did enough skating for an entire month
just realized you dont doctornk.
we'll buy you a coke.
Sorry
how cool is that!
First Middle School basketball game tomorrow gonna ball on the other team
...more girls are killed in this routine 'gendercide' in any one decade than people were killed in all the genocides of the 20th cent...
Just resorted to turning on my office air conditioning unit for the first time.
Turned off all the lights for karmic balance w/carbon gods.
get some friends!
Does the passer get the assist on an and one?
Finished breaking bad not sure what to do with my life haha.
Slinging some crystal
I can't wait to meet Seattle and come see you!
Editing the season 5 finale of Always makes me so hungry!
thingsiamgoodat climbing stairs
Darren Oliver giving me Felix Heredia vibe
yeah, that was my plan.
Then I'm going to want to discuss it.
People who think Google doctorve  doctorpBox are missing the point.
The big deal is the API that lets web apps seamlessly bridge cloud  desktop.
Glad you're here!
Be sure to follow us for similar shows  we have a great season planned for next year.
Ahh swimming was fun but I'm so tired!
Finally watching BoardwalkEmpire.
Second season is off to a good start so far
Came home to find chicken on the other side of fence.
No one saw it happen, and she ain't talking.
My anthem holds your mind for ransom/I'm handsome/And I'm the black Marilyn Manson
Do you know , How we do a heart onTwitter ????
On Facebook we do the heart 3 !!!!
On Twitter How ?
RT : Rather than shrinking away from your problems, grow bigger than them.
Zig Ziglar
I knew you'd agree...
Smart smart girl from PA.
Hope they remember their own behavior when they complain about bad behavior and disengagement from students.
Alas you see my point!
No player should ever be allowed to be uncommitted
My night : Read the word take notes , pray : Lord guide me for I cant make my own decisions ...
Will he miss?
It's good to see Bernie and his doctorg queen wife supporting gay marriage.
Light bulbs, neckties, boxing gloves, tomato juice, antlers, paxil, ill will, good intentions, paper towels
No other comp kicked in the groin harder by Prem rise than Serie A.
I adore, deserves much more love.
But life moves on and it appears that Kevin Steen is next on his list of challengers.
Once again he'll thwart the Sons of Anarchy.
Your face gets so pale behind all of those masks.
Oh, we're ready!
The best image or video showing how you use App in Seconds will win a year's subscription FREE ...
tweet us now
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
Can't believe the bulls and the grizzlies lost in round 1..
Still got OKC tho
That's awesome!
Enjoy!
Wow you realy need to STOP!!!!
haha he came into our room today  lifts his arm up to show me ur signature on his arm and just laughed  the nail polish lol
Still Casting Parts for The MFL'ER Video...
Get at me
LOVE YOU!
thank you!
u paid, so u can pee wherever u like lol X
Hahahaha awesome!
Let me know how it goes!
Get your sweat on!
more something than hate : you didn't call me back is it because you hate me or something
We'll work to improve the infrastructure around the plant through roadway improvements, and establishing safe walking and bike paths.
Ready for springbreak
Musings: Surround yourself with brilliant people and challenge them to do more than they are doing now.
Then be sure to reward them.
Me and are so good at LSJBA..
We probably missed like 50 shots today.
CompletionArch: Not another new initiative, but an aid to communitycolleges to analyze their own worth  help others see it as well.
miss you too!
I wish ya would have come over!
I had a house party!
6 days til payday omgg lol I'm in need of some money right now!
Band members that care and 3 for sure pure awesomeness right there.
Fan for life now.
Wilson....All Day.
R.I.P Wilson....We All Just One Handprint Away From A Bestfriend.lol
Getting xrays on my foot tomorrow afternoon...

So funny.
me too!
a personal favorite as well!
dippin to romas without me?!
I thought we had something special..
From , always be honest.
Don't try to trick a reporter!
According to a social media library class, I should be tweeting 21X/Day for the library.
thanks for the RT :
Met Chef frm Cadbury Commons asstd living.
He says he and his pastry chef have baked pies for pieinthesky at every kitchen they've worked!
So far Bud Light's ads are lame.
nights going great Beth!
: thanx for asking Studying 4 my pharm exam in nursing school.
Just rewatched latest episode Love u guys!
all my niggas nuts , n ima loose screw
Is it just me or did Facebook totally resize the Page professorle pics and throw off every design I had going on....
San Antonio
Soft ball AWW I love you too
How do you determine which proteins go with your blood type?
for sure!
I just popped a pimple and it reminded me of that damn video!
Lol
Biggest decision for Foo tonight, what skinny jeans to wear with what worn out tshirt?
Should be another great night look out for me on the main stage
Wish I was supah skinny.
went to san diego to have great thai food with friends.
today, disneyland.
oh the madness
Shout out to for going to the Astros game haha
Yep.
A little frantic Pomeranian.
Named Booboo.
Done smoking.
Huzzah for me.
Please excuse my attitude as i withdoctorwl...
.
lol I'm always out.
Your the one that's been M.I.A
To gain success in any field you must sacrifice your personal and selfish interests for the sake of the goal in mind.
beyonce is bout to go the fuck off!
Can't wait to be older so I can go out and have fun
Barkley saying that Harden is the unsung hero of tonight's game.
KD/Westbrook struggled until Harden's six straight shots.
This could be it  Game 5 of the NBA Finals tonight at 5p  watch it with us at Fox Sports Grill!
Widmer Hefeweizen Special all night long
Why is it that now more than ever kids who r in elementary n middle school r being pressured to be lesbian.
This country may be in trouble!
hahaha.
I'm glad I had that effect on your class!
practice your music.....
Colleen Chien: Google and Apple spent more on patents last year than RD.
OH OH OH ME ME ME PICK ME PLEASE!!!!!!
Hahahahahaha :
where the fuck do u get the energy man??
Ian: Punk lowered the castle walls of music to let people who may not have played music before do so.
New ideas don't have audiences.
oh ok
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Austin Mahone can't sing
Damn Im flooring it down to get to this bank
Why in Nebraska in mid October does a 30 chance of showers turn into thunderstorms?
Chris Brandenburg and the Bluetones play at 7 tonight, a three piece blues band, you'll really enjoy!
Learning about the 4th grade reading slump.
Didn't realize there was such a thing.
Mine started in 3rd grade, but I'm an overachiever.
it's all about that Sick Side street shit, y'all.
weather people promise tomorrow will be the same :
2 Chainz and Waka on the verses.
Kanye on the beat.
Justin Bieber on the hook.
Thanks to Bblack!!
She donated 50 making her a Power Pal and putting us at 2415!!!
Thanks!
that would be great.
please do make me a copy
8  challenge your comfort zone
o/In the distance they heard others basketball their lives away, their lives away.o
Newt Gingrich owns Packer stock, he says.
Cant wait til like 11 i wanna go somewhere not stay in the house allday
WeirdFactAboutMe I try to get to follow me everyday but he refuses :/...
haha
I can agree with this one.
I'd def wouldn't mind gettin B White on my next tape
Last chance to see animals and cuddle backstage with them this weekend!
Pro Tip: Unless you are a model/actor/actress, don't put your picture on your resume.
What Mike Conley just did, I don't think that's legal.
preciate it!
most definitely will do!
Flight back from Sarajevo got cancelled.
First we panicked, now we see it as a sign we should just start shooting now.
Ah okay now that's awesome.
MyFavoritePhrases I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired.
Wow what away to end the game
god bless amigo, it is all in good fun!
I apologize if any comments crossed the line
Omg my little nice already walks and i was alseep when tht happend and today is her 1st birthday
FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today  and btw RickSpringfield is there tonight CV Jesse's Girl
well I know that.....lil but who might this lucky fella be?
:D
hahaha well I tried!
I'll see what happens
Watching a Documentary on The Buddha
My head still hurt ..
To better the lives of others is one of your life's greatest rewards.
birthday happy....
This is a great day for a miracle
reduces bellyfat with Check it out!
Hey if you see this tweet, can you tell me if you  Zendaya will come back to New York City?
Zswaggers, Bellarinas/os miss u 3
wish I could go, but am sick.
Have fun  break a leg!
Awww...You assume Igiveadamn...
that's so cute!!!
go big or go home.
cc/
My terrors were quickly supplanted by delight.
: I hate seeing your friends because it reminds me of you ..
I mean, I was just saying, tho...lol.
See?
Like what I just did there?
Jks and Lols all around...
Fish oil supplements can help athletes by increasing energy, promoting muscle growth and improving recovery.
www.5StarFishOil.com
Where can I find information about this weekend's open houses?
Green tea may help protect against skin cancer according to a study from The Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics.
Still use SPF, though.
Ah!!
My screen is broke on my phone!
What am I guna do wit myself!
Would it be recommended to turn the memoir into fiction?
It could be easily done w/tweaks and name changes.
thingsthatstillapply don't call me slave
ND better pull out that D from the other night mightdontmake it
'Abdu'lBahás train is leaving the station.
Hes riding the New York Central railroad, heading 350 miles east to Cleveland.
are these available after the webinar?
i work during those times but would love to listen.
I'm jealous!
I want to get my hairs did so bad but I have to spend money on other stupid things, like food and electricity.
Bah!
I see I should have stayed up for the 3 OT game  glad to know that Stanton saved Bell's ass and the Fishies won the game in 10 innings.
I hear coffee cures that
It's always better when it's free !!!
Thanks man.
Let the comic fit the medium and all that jazz.
Thanks for the FOLLOW xoxo
I'm getting my quotes together, just holeup!
thank you so much33 :
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Will Rogers
thank you hunnie!
Honcho lifestyle tip 4  wake and bake.
Never forget the bake.
Books are the worst part of libraries.
Thanks!
Should have almost 1000 books!!
Jones TKO 1st round.
Ground and pound baby!!
: 2 full app pages of stuff that i didnt like or want.
grt screen n batt life, tho.
o yea, get launcher pro.
really slick.
Night Twitter!
I love it when a reference question is a kick in the pants to dig into something I know I should have a better handle on.
Come on NY!!
:D
We're sorry that happened to you, but it's definitely THEIR loss, not yours.
You're awesome.
Keep that in mind.
I do not try to dance better than anyone else.
I only try to to dance better than myself.
Um...they're 349.
What kind of job do you think I have James?
Latino Townhall is partnering with College of Southern Nevada to bring LasVegas youth a Workforce Leadership Summit  Job Fair.
We are loo
awww thank you!
: You're the best!
I agree there needs to be more punishment for child porn!
Glad u are bringing this up.
im bored as shit 
Its hard to trust someone the second time around after the already gave you one reason not to trust them.
No one likes getting the wool pulled over their eyes ..
Especially by those they consider friends.
Headed to the balleT with Thanks !!!
Early morning, up an ready to see what's going on in the design world.
Hope everyone has a great day!!
Ah.
Gotcha.
Thanks brotha!
: but vv sweet of you nonetheless fella  listen need yr addoctorss  cld you email it to me?
Need to send you something
Two weekends in a row it's been raining.
I enjoy rainy days on occasion, but not like this.
I know right...
he snorts lol
I'm mainly tweeting right now so you guys can see me awesome photo.
Took me 2 years, but I finally got it!!!
cc:
If you tell someone the truth it becomes part of the past, if you lie it becomes part of your future...Sigma out
what ya up to?
Kelsey xoxo
What's happening is I love rina more than anyone in the whole entiree worldd 3
Soo football yeah hurry up.
thanks
well, it's the thought that counts.
you deserve a lap dance.
Shiro sends his regards.
Absolutely beautiful.
JO
AvrahamInfeld  only way 2 make Israel stronger is to be honest about its problems.
Jewish obligation says we 'wrestle' w/ issues.
RT: rodgarvin: In order to succeed you desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
Good morning, bonjour  buenos dias up in this piece!
Alright, alright, alright!!
Kevin Hart's dad voice
can never be too pocho.
I love a good errand run.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Will Rogers
He tried 2 stay in but had to come out....just jelled into a trainer's arms as he passed out.
Must've been a fracture
The future is unwritten.
May 2012 be your best year yet.
Never forget ya
freshman need to stay home
Enjoy reading interesting minibios of new followers!
Modular design?
yes.
Unit tests  mostly.
The change was to the buffer structure that is sent to DSP for processing.
I love winter!
If it only it snowed here..
Howard says engineer will help find ways to improve parking despite unfinished development.
I wish the eagles were playing
MY WORLD TOUR IS BACK!!!!
make yourselves into emo/goths do the makeup and act like goths
The SpeakUpsurvey, collects and reports the views of K12 students, teachers, administrators  parents the use of technology for learning.
Brittany Rayburn looked like a middle aged suburban mom.
you'rethebest if you fight chuck norris and live
All UDC locations are opening on time today, Wednesday, August 24,2011.
Please check the udc.edu web page, Facebook and email for updates
pimp down 1142 donna pimp down
nicely done.
but still, why?
my human would have done the same...
Animal lovers love animals!
oh wow, this video is going to be epic rad ruthless ..
i can already tell!
CANT WAIT TO SEE IT!
Austin Is Crushing?
I'd Die If I Loose My Hubby D; /3 LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU : 333
Alice how many people did you tell I SEND you to buy MORNing AFTER PILLS and I SEND you on STATE HOURS?
EVERYone knows
Wanted to give google a try again, finding it fragmented to manage my apps accounts and my main gmail account separately.
Thanks for the video!
:
its funny when your english teacher tells you shes gonna show you her vegas pictures!!
LMFAO!!
Twitter.
A place where all the terrible things I can't say on Facebook come to hide.
temp I had forecasted for Sunday was 78 on Thu  Fri lowered it to 71 yesterday  forecasted 68 for today this AM
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Jim Rohn
KEEP IT REAL
okay I did :D
RT us baby!!!
is our remote  writer.
Creating something great 4 Miami Marlin baseball.
GOFISH.
Twitter, I find, is like a great hair style that makes you feel good.
Can't wait to read your posts!
that's true it's not a bad day so far lol
I already said free if you go to the
That's an awesome deal!
thanks for sharing.
HappyBirthdayTMoney let's trend it worldwide!
The Hunger Games.
I got book one and two today!
Yeah!
: I just got a visual on your proposed snow creation.
Not sure if I should thank you or be mad at you.
Ha!
Turn Out the Lights, Party is over fo Cardinals
I'm okay.
Just kickin it with my new puppy 
She has no right to comment on my love life...ever.
I feel bad for the guys.
They don't know what they're getting in to.
Why would you put something called a weiner wrap on a school lunch menu?
Financial sector spent more  on campaign contributions  lobbying than any other sector of the economy4.6 billion on lobbying since 1998
No tax on sunlight, let's keep it that way.
Only musicians can say they're staying tuned and be both literal and ironic simultaneously.
A junkie is someone who uses their body to tell society that something is wrong Stella Adler
So hunqry and feel sick uqhh .
I don't understand why Pauly D has his own show ..
That is so beautifully stated!
Soap shop update: Boyfriend sold one thing.......
Cucumber hand cream.
Shop keeper in the making........HA HA!
He is so cute!
Check your naked body is seen wonderfully together, is a thunderclap, is the beauty that is felt, it is my folly.
better than freezing rain
alas, you are a complete dumbfuck.
I can't believe you would lump all white people into one category too.
Dumbfuck.
It feels good outside
No need to lie.
All my passengers are asleep.
We're about 10 minutes from WSSU.
Praying the rain stays away.
95 of what we worry about never happens and the other 5 we can handle, so why worry at all?
It gives me a vaguely Crate  Barrel vibe.
dont feel good at all....ugh...i feel sick feel like im about to throw up....
R.I.P Whitney Houston
June 17 election results party?
:
Me: Dad my tooth freakin hurts Dad: Go put some orgy on it.
Me: I dont think that'll help...
Claims interoperability is advantage where wimax is used in ecosystem.
Heehee.
I think URBee did have a tiny little personality.
Rocky has a huge, muscular personality.
:D
RT iRespectFemales SorryImLateBut Twitter is WAY MUCH better than Facebook.
RT if you agree and you love Twitter!
The Clinic On Colfax's 2 year anniversary party is tomorrow...20 OFF!!
Games/Prizes and more.
What2ChainzWouldSay I love my iPhone Steve jobs, I eat shrimps no cod, I be with lil b base god, my money long Chris bosh
I HATE iCloud.
It deleted ALL my emails off my iPhone without warning.
And I don't think you can delete the program.
Grrrr
I cant believe I really cut my hair!
Wow..had my family help me.
Now time to get the clippers out
RT : When you get the choice to sit it out or dance, I hope you dance.
Lee Ann Womack
I wonder if gets tired of the phrase, Hi Rihanna...
Dan Marino sighting at Heat/Mavs game.
Surprisingly, he's not wearing Isotoners
I woke up hungry af though, sat whweeeet  French toast/eggs/and a Apple
Vanessa Hudgens39; Thigh School Musical
Happy VD!
RT VDay is Tuesday!
RETWEET this before 9am for chance to win 75 gift card to professorowers .com
I was just about to tweet the same thing
Sunday a shoot.
You're too kind, sir.
Who's eating pizza for breakfast this fine Saturday morning?
Jamming It's been a while 3
Watching game film is funny.
It can make you feel better after a loss and make you feel bad after a win.
When I was a kid, my parents paid me 1 for every 3.5 hours of reading per week.
I see so many tweets that say I can't forgive!
or I won't forgive!
Beware the warmth provided by a poison filled blanket.
AMEN and i feel the same way.
Inspite of my mess i can make being human, he still saw fit to make me!
RT : Congratulations Pike's men basketball team making it to SemiState
Broken link?
Had a great time 2nite  dave  busters
i wouldent.
its crazy when people do that
When someone Loves you, their whole body says it even if they deny it.
dude how u expect me to come at u.
U mention me front paging n forecasting doctorma.
N the only mistake I made was letting go
BranchOut's on News Closing Bell  3pm.
technology startup jobs networking.
Bring Rick to speak at your event.
DM us!
ALL TEENS!
IT GOES DOWN ONCE AGAIN THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!
THIS TIME ITS A HUGE POOL PARTY!
not good for brewers fans.
injuries suck.
thats 4everyday players hurt in a week.
at this rate will have a mash unit to watch by next week.
FIrst bumps for the RTs, hope you're well!
Anyone looking for an internship?
Email us, we have a lot going on and you could help!
Real world experience
Man, what an awesome kick to the chest by Magneto.
About to met camistern soon...
: when u gotta be in Miami?
Hope u see some action in a Knicks Uni man: im a huge fan, Keep grindin...
Knickstape tmister
say it to my face .
please .
Good morning!
like what?:
Honestly I Love HoneeyCocaine 
lmao..
so when you gonna come spend the weekend up here in gburg wit me??
:
Hope so.
I gave her my social.
oo wat u get him i wont tell promise
Right now someone is painting birds on a wire
that sucks
today has been wonderful!
This blackberry stuff is for the birds.
May the 4S be with me.
iPhone here I come.
Enjoy!
Try Push Cart restaurant at Rock House
I woke up refreshed this morning, with plans to write 3 pages a day.
I've so far been a writing machine.
I've already met my quota today!
It was a pleasure interviewing  we wish u the best of luck in India  on Big Boss!
Those girls don't know Sunny like we do!
xx
just catching up beauty, you were wronged!
hey.
My name is Sterlyn hbu?
Do we really need a butter dish?
Or a sugar bowl?
Or a creamer?
Brides/Wives, did you register for these things?
Yep.
I did small research project on U.S.
expats in Europe.
Was eyeopener since we tend to glamorize the experience.
Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving wins the Rookie of the Year award with 117 of 120 1stplace votes.
oh so thats what that was about...
wtfff
Fuji?!
Gala is the way to go.
The Birds/Jaws double feature oh yeah
We had a Retweet contest yesterday!
No more Food and Froth tickets, but will do a contest for The Wine Opener next week!
I kicked your monkey then I used your goat.
So scared omg
This match has looked like a typical USWNT match.
Or a youth league beatdown.
We are short camera ops 2x monthly/remotes only...unless volunteers are put to...er volunteer!
s/o to everyone showing YL mad love.
Disregard my doctorwing for doctorw something.
Thought the word was medusa it's actually bathtub.
Create a center of excellence for social media to direct the departments of your athletic department.
YES!
MT : wondered yesterday.
could data librarians learn something from archivists?
Practices they can share w/us?
I'm gonna name my dog My Dick.
Time to give My Dick a bath.
Would you like to pet My Dick?
Don't worry, My Dick has had his shots.
Elton John and Flavor Flav...
Good combination
yeah, cant have undertaker without the guyliner lol.
good morning :
RT : I just really want you next to me.
Happy Birthday to our fabulous DP and Editor !!!
i truly think that taylor is the only friend i can tell shit to now.
fuck everyone else.
i love her.
Who's gonna be my waiver wire P.O.W.?
Check back tomorrow to find out!!!
that's actually an incredible idea!
Haha
There's an extremely low supply of miss you cards around here.
I guess they figure there's no reason ...Oh Texans  their state pride, lol
See someone in need this morning?
Send them to 1525NewtonStNW, will serve lunch there at noon today.
No one turned away.
You get what you earn on Valentines Day.
RT GSPlanAhead Perfect Macy breakfast: Starbucks coffee, fruit salad and BACON!
/// jealous!
:
Happy Mothers Day Weekend!!
oh man here we go
Uhh, I should probably sinc my outlook calendar with my planner.
my friend stapled her hair today in math.
on purpose.
lol
What are the nonreligious arguments for ritual circumcision?
Dyed my hair!
3
Thought We Travel The World Over To Find The Beautiful, We Must Carry It With Us, Or We Find It Not.....
i started two books, but found them doctoradful and stopped reading them.
also read 4 new yorkers.
WQED FM is proud to support local music!
But we can't do that without you.
Please pledge your support: 8886216900
Good time to visit your nearest Borders book store.
Offer 20 off everything until midApril
RT : Beyond the paper transcript, digital portfolios paint a more complete picture of students' personalities and...
ha!
high five
I would hope he shoots better than like 38 from the field!
Breaking news sexy open mix night is officially pants optional
Never leave the one that love's you for the one that lyke's you smh that's jus common sense
i miss the family dog  buster t.
kat.
he's probably lounging in dallas right now.
lazy bastage.
I am looking forward to moderating a panel about what attorneys can learn from accountants at Broadbrush Taxation on Friday, October 21.
ht
except in Pittsburgh!
: We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Isaac Newton
Terrific to meet you, Libby.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Yep!
RT : so good!!
loved hers, too!
Got her the guacarolly
Happy Mother's Day girl!
I see you.
Youre walking slow
sounds more like a personal problem to me..
I love vampire stuff, can't wait to check it out.
One of the books I am thinking of writing next is vampire related
yes bro
just because he is about to win a ring this year that's why nigga!
THE RIGHT WAY TO EAT RIGHT
Come on Bulls!
Shut that shitty Philly crowd up!!
Good to see you Anne.
Don't work yourself too hard this week!
G'night.
had a doctoram I met in some random ass store and then we went some bars and got hammered.
Oh good, the rain is back.
Nobody in Seattle
i did it !
i followed  can u dm him now please :
U know companies like the people who make chocolate are gonna stop making king size bars like snikers because they have to belessthan2000cal
depends on how small.
I have some used Kluges, Heidelberg Windmills, etc.
Or try thermotype.com.
Call me at 888BRAUSSE.
Oh okay
in all 50?
Back to work after a short respite, felt great.
good to be back in form again.
Love my job!!!!!
:
HW all night
and y eould justin fuck her?
It's Monday!
How's everyone doing?
:
Happy Birthday!
haha naw just simple tap water in a mason jar!!
i think its sad that i'm so pale that none of the concealers in target were light enough for me :
That's just lazy campaign consultants phoning it in!
Maybe candidates should expect more!
We like to think PDX is lush with food.
Truth: Oregon is embarrassingly 1 in childhood hunger.
Support 
hahaha will do!
Haven't been in forever!
Thank you!
We have to stay home and and out candy tonight, but we had a lovely weekend to celebrate.
one more fuckin love song ill be sick
Happy Mother's Day !
Eat Real Food.
RT : DON'T DIP: Mission Guacamole contains no avocados.
It's base is avocado powder, which still accounts...
In 1 night I've watched RedsBraves, O'sYanks, 76ersCeltics, DevilsRangers, WWE Raw and OKCLakers.
No doubt May is the best sports month
Styrofoam cups with jolly ranchers at the bottom 
thought you both should know..
i just burped
I miss that words u repeat.
I miss the first time when u said u loved me.
I miss the times when I had to apologize for being unkind to u.
OH MY GOD !
thats our new background !
new fucking background !
and the kesha one is the default !
here we go , 
Thank for following RareRO!
:
Google Analytics making Ed Tufte proud with their new Flow Visualization features
i know hahah kinda like you did on friday????
Wet hot American summer!!!
3
so cynical at a young age.....world of warcraft has ruined you
i was like YOU ARTIST YOU.
o:
Can somebody explain this data 'perp walk' thing to me?
I'm not getting the reference.
are u going to the luke Bryan concert in august?
A Number Of Simple Techniques For Excellent Web Site Design ...
Is playing video games on my nintendo 64 because that's just how cool I am.
Thank you Leeroy!!
You're the besets ever I'd bake you cookies if I weren't so afraid of burning my kitchen down :
ooh get a malty poo lol it's a Maltese poodle mix
Beautiful day for a lax game??
what's that??
Mixing mixing mixing.
He won it???
lol
it's not funny it's irritating.
I didn't see any flashes from the stones, so no distractions there.
Packers being
Thanks man!
RT : np In the Morning  Apache Chief.
Such a smooth beat
yay RT So excited for my run dunno why!
Then comin home to make strawberry cream jello shots for my party tmister
Fun this afternoon in Hollywood.
Looking forward to Erick's first of many happening business events.
how've you been Jake?
hope you're enjoying this fabulous weather.
When you feel like you've hit rock bottom, just remember there's nowhere to go but up!
:
FYI We serve both doctorepper and Dietdoctorepper at ChickfilA at Arden Fair RT : Why doctornk tomorrow what you can chug today?
Good idea!

have a game plan comfy shoes make time for the general sessions..
I don't, except Jojo is kind of a cat and you're allergic to Franco.
Nevermind.
we about to be car twins, boo
I sure hope you're right!
We have a decision!
Viva la likeable revolution!
Anyone need staff at Inbound12?
doctorving in a tractor all day
weather not half bad in Seattle today imho hope it lasts here and in chicago
What is it about former jersey governors ?
did you email me in regards to the networking party?
go on there website on your ipod.
is sad she just had to say goodbye to Meisa.
:
Work revelation: Found out you can doctorg and doctorp attachments into Gmail window.
Est.
daily time savings: 2 minutes.
Ah.
i'm upset  i REALLY wanted that slushy ...
I wish people would read the book rather than waiting for sub par movie adaptations.
Entering the NEW economy!!
Going back to the way our forefather's did it!!
Back to Tweeting  everything!
Yay!!
that isn't a good time.
Come on, juicy!!
Coming right up!
awesome compliment
IveNoticed that at night the school is a quiet place to walk around too.
BH Trivia Q: Who was dubbed the first Queen of Gospel, she sang at the 1963 March on Washington?
Visit www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
yeah , he won bro .
.
great work Brett
Why are all my posts about food?
I'm such a fatty.
: How does my own tour bus forget I'm not on the bus and leave me.
What a terrible way to wake up.
that's horrible!
Yes, you havelong before I!
Good Morning : What's news for you guys?
I got two touchpad supposedly...but I'll believe it it when I see it.
lol, i got you ash!
I take it that you are having fun?
;
I'm not being mean!!!
Its too early to be talking tht loud..
forget what they published a few months ago that seriously turned me off.
When i mean serious inquiries, i MEAN serious inquiries.
saw you and your bro play once in the Boston area.
Had a chance to talk to you and tell you you scared the crap out of me in....
I did forget that you find Eli to be quite overpriced; and I can't disagree...just a complete sucker for much of his food.
Honesty in all actions; tell the truth, even if it's ugly.
Orrin Woodward
that might be....and thank you again...youre awesome!
:
amen RT : The Spurs are a basketball team for hardcore basketball fans.
That's really what I'm saying.
They're like Fugazi.
Ducks are so misjudged
BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO GKFERTLFADFJKKL.
Yesterday was such an amazing hard working day with the cast  producers of !
Pilot rehearsal  last edits.
Can't wait for...
carving out something pretty cool.
In the home stretch and have to nail down some cool stuff today.
Wild and fun town this UB
Jeremy Lin is sleeping on his brother's couch?
Amazing.
As you slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point in the wrong direction....Happy St.
Patrick's day!!
can't decide if i should be studying for my sol's or my learners test
the muppet movie was one of the few movies i've seen in a long time that just made me feel good!
Dave  I can't even read this.
The death of print has me depressed to no end...
Wishing i could meet up with and andoctorw henson to hang in ATL tonight for old time's sake
Yeah, really missing March.
Who wold've thought!
:
Just found a reader of The Faithful  operation: final crusade who was not offended by any of my book.
What did I do wrong??
Yum n.n
I would never do it in front of my son LOL!
Go duckie go!
RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple  buy your ducks 122:30 at the Fire Station
Gotta love Kirk Douglas!
Funny stuff!
Best supporting Actress...Melisa Leo!
aww it feels like 5 yrs!!!
you know it!
;D
I'm evaluating individuals.
This year is Wolf regressing to the mean.
He's been exactly who we paid for.
prom will be interesting........
Good seeing my buddies and today :
who's ready?
The second annual Nevermore Jazz Ball  St.
Louis Swing Dance Festival will be November 14, 2012
Use herb teas with Siberian ginseng, citrus or warming spices to achieve an invigorating effect.
shoot me an email ben at fullcontact dot com
Then y'all be tryna play us when it comes to our kids.
It ain't that we don't love them...we just hate y'all!
wanted to keep it simple..more about the music
MT : GPsOSL OpenStudy offers a peer to study with, tools to enable collaborative study, and access to the best OpenEdoctors online.
I know!
We have to visit these places!

I hate Dallas...partly because of Mark Cuban!
My 15 month old son is such a good reminder of how important attitude it.
here's what u can do eat a sack of cocks
Hi Sylvester!
Sure!
Congrats to your Rangers.
Bet that was uberexciting, though I feel truly bad for Wardo.
Great guy, truly.
Loved him in Nsh.
Unless I'm missing something, the only real real bad tweets I seen to Anthony Bennett were the few that he RT'd, and he did the same with UF
I need followers to get of
got some pretty decent deals on digital billboards!
You can even TWEET to our boards!
Seriously, how are the Doobie Brothers not in the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame?
Soo bummed disbanded.
I want another fuckin album!
I'll put you on my back do
That condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own ways .
Trick or treat!
Pledge or gift!
We're calling on the graveyard shift!
Give some candy or give a dollar...just don't scare away our callers!
I thought you were connected to
A good memory indeed!
well said
Watching Cheetah Girls 3 with my momma: That was her choice hahah
Did you just buy that at CVS?
Just checked, Russia is not on Instagram.
In Russia, Instagram filters you.
common.
Marlins Park has a bobble head store in the stadium.
The poker room is 50 feet from The Deuce I am at right now and invite you to stop by after you leave The Duece
fanks!
You saved me some money..and two hours..and some nightmares
I just tried to do some crazy flip on my bed.
Yeah, I hit my elbow on the wall  my leg is bleeding.
This American is spoiled, I get football all year, MLS  the Seattle Sounders from MarchNovember, Europe  England from AugustMay
who u watching it wit
because some people are cunts?
RT : A5: Goal is to get fans to come back, best gimmicks go beyond giveaways at gate engage before, during, and after game
we better be.
been a slow process, but good things come to those who wait.
Lookin forward to gettin your thoughts on our pizza
Really glad to be on retreat with our church body.
Excited to be learning and growing together this weekend!
RT : Watching the DemoFest highlights webinar from DevLearn, I just keep saying, Cool!
Great Job to ALL the winners!
I hate when someone says they'll call me back...but I have no problem telling someone that.
Selfish : /
I am actually busy between noon and 2pm every day.
Can go before or after.
im gonna be up late tonightt
whatever works!
Nine used to be around there but the view I have now is much better
I appreciate the mention!
whatever!
I think it's neat.
Hope you win C.E.!
u suck
When you're having a serious conversation with your boyfriend  he starts singing Hannah Montana.
I love my Christian music..
Helps!!
nope.
I was pretty sick so it was a very mellow holdiay for us.
:
Having a date to a dance is not that big of a deal , why are my friends so happy for me ?
;I
Like asap !
awesome.
and you?
then feel it bebe
am I too late to jump into the braums convo?
I followed can u please follow me
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
RT Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Ray Bradbury
yeah.
I kinda freaked out.
Then you wouldn't go on the roof with us.
So I waited down there with you.
Lol
Sick kids  no sleep  another rough morning.
I looked it up, other people have noticed, it even happens on my uncle's satellite feed
Tyga ft.
doctorke  Still Got It
Just got back from ammmms : and i miss her already!!
Love yu wifeyyyyyyyy !.
They won't.
Partly to keep homeless and beggars out.
Kronum at the middle school level is definitely a goal for the near future.
thanks for the follow!
How are the shirts working out?!
I don't care who you're if you don't like Hey Arnold you can go fuck yourself!
thanks for the good words John!
Glad you could make it.
Paul Simon is very short.
It's not his fault.
Note to the annoying Asian next to me: putting a giant Hello Kitty bandaid on your forehead defeats the purpose of covering that pimple.
OMG!!!
New Prometheus trailer.
Ah!!!
Looks so awesome.
Thank you Ridley Scott!
I now have something in common with Kim Kardashian  we've both doctorpped Reggie Bush.
Sleeping alone That might be one of the only things I miss not having every night.
A warm cuddle buddy :p
dude I felt the same way!
House specialorders budget and BRFA to tomorrow.
where were you when my kids were small?
Well anyways, Vans Warped Tour in about 80 more days for me, and 31 more days of school left.
So I'm happy.
none of that made sense I know I am sorry
Three days living with and she's already got me doing cardio workouts.
Woah.
25 more followers to get to 8,000!!
You wont regret it ..
seriously.
Awesome guys.
Check out their song on iTunes!
pls follow
I really had high hopes that would of been part of the 1 girl tour.
:
great to see you guys.
Yep, top weekend.
Safe travels.
If they get David Gilbert, Mike Taylor, and Ethan Armstrong all back healthy in the fall, Badgers D has a chance to be an improved unit.
Its cold as balls out here
agreed..the great one's don't care they just go get it, no matter what it takes
Thanks Great to see you as well.
Now following
As much as possible, create a treefree home:
: I went to school with a guy named Shalatron.
gotta patch something together.
Main server down.
Something in the cloud?
Is it just me, or does Steve Martin appear to be the most welladjusted entertainer on the planet?
I woke up to a surprise, a box full of avenger superhero toys!!
It's going to be a great day!
I know you are an active user of the chrome ext, so was stoked that you had keen interest in the site.
More good stuff to come!
This is the 15th week of a 16week semester at the end of a 6/6, 4campus school year.
I was born in it, not sworn in it
Thanks, I love the chalkboards and play with them a LOT.
Actually have some software I wrote which reads the raw data...
Hanging with Spencer Spinny Johnson at the National Theatre.
Great kids programs on Sat.
mornings.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
Zig Ziglar
Isn't anyone excited about half price Holiday World express tickets?...I mean come on it includes FREE soft doctornks too!!!!!!!!!
A big Thank You to all the new Followers FF :
Note to self the 'tribute' mouse at 10pm will become the 'tribute' at 5am if you try and help said mouse
austin can't do his ustream today, maybe he wont do it next week either but the ustreams will end at one point.
maybe not now, but someday
Are you seriously stealing my fucking jokes for Twitter now?
Hate.
Off to Corpus softballgame 
Lol, idk what I was thinking.
I could never change my username.
To many memories:
I'm a poor Belieber  Directioner :/
I think my knees are going to survive after my first 1/2 marathon yesterday, just a little sore walking stairs now.
Glad it's Mother's Day!
I'll be cheering you on!
That was pretty freaking incredible!
And yeah is certainly entertaining
will see if I can confirm a date.
houston Optimizer HQ brings new meaning to email analytics with its campaign engagement score With the advent of the socia
PREACH!
THANK U BRO.
These dudes be cray bruh...and def not serious about their craft.
The Sarah Palin emails were released years ago on Wikileaks by
a bunch of choir people....including misterclark!
Morning all
You aint about business, don't shake my hand.
What's our big announcement about Fun 4th Festival 2011?
Let's see it's 10:46 on May 3rd.
Who wants to guess where I'm at right now?
Lmao!
Cleveland Indians open first social mediaonly space in pro sports.
Solid concept but won't help their last place attendance.
Why does the phone always seems to ring when your getting your best sleep?
Now Romney must go right at the disaster that Obama has been for the country.
It's a mobile slaughterhouse!
There's a blowtorch for burning the feathers off and everything.
RT if you would trade places with me ;
Phillies threw down four aces but the Cards gave the royal flush.
don't talk about me not texting you back no more when u can't do it.
Just saying lol
Through the years after his discharge, my father engaged in a constant tugofwar with the bureaucracy that is the Veteran's Administra...
i love how in scary movies, the person yells out hello as if the bad guy is going to be like yeah, im in the kitchen!
What a sandwich?
stop saying yolo.
Guess what I saw today?
Everything I looked at.
The Future Looks so bright for me and my team the funny part about shit is niggas around us be tryna brag but just don't know who we reallyR
I'm..simply..a..slave
GOOD...
MORNING TODAY IS GONNA BE A FRESH START!
that is so true..:
We hope everyone's having a wonderful Easter break!
/yd
yeah.
Not your fault though.
Alright LA, we get it with the rain.
If I hear anything about a doctorught this summer.....
God is good, he'll find a way to turn your troubles around
Ive finally come to the realization that nothing is ever good enough for anybody.
i want chinese and ritas 3
With God, all things are possible.
I have to admit I found MyWeekWithMarilyn rather dull  That's the problem with expectations...
Disappointment comes when they are not met
Be the change you want to see in others.
So glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the support!
how much n hour fo that
Congratulations!
They're lucky to have you!
Looking at pictures took of the HS show yesterday.
I love how into the music gets when they play.
Much obliged for the shout out!
PINEAPPLE GRENADE is ...unusual.
Shake it before you bake it 
Heading to Downtown San Diego to eat Korean BBQ...
Like wtf is Korean BBQ?
Tis not true, you spelled world not word!
I want it be summer again, ihateschool it is so stupid.
Today's Deal: 25 for 50 at Harry's Bar and American Grill in LJ!
www.dailygroupsavings.com
And speaking of milestones, today we celebrate one year making apps with developer/designer/QCartcreator/iOS wizard
: haha already!
I'm about to take down this j right now lol we tight :  !!
Lucky you.
What year are you again?
are people peer pressuring you to eat peanuts?
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ...I love you : x
some times it hits me how much I miss my mom
He's the only person I like talking to on the phone c: hehe cute brace face xP
I want my baby to get better
Kid's in bed, wife is out for girls night, and I've got pizza and beer.
Office Space on Comedy Central is just the icing on the cake.
I'm good and Brooks is enjoying life.
How are you feeling??
Still on meds??
Thanks DJ
Allison do u know they are just now airing it in Venezuela Jenns dad is dying hahaha
I turn the channel for two seconds and davis on the ground,, wtf happened.
Finishing up the final bit of office work for the week before heading off to Jersey for a shoot
WTF I told my mom im in shit and I can't believe it WTF
Animal Planet3
That girl from the big bang theory is sexy as fuck!
sounds horrible.
Who needs good lighting at a place like the pub.
It ruins the ambiance.
what one?
And what's up?
a FrozenStrawberryLemondae sounds fantabulous right about now.
Happy birthday hope you have a blast!!
jai plays tennis...
i play tennis...
Housing starts in April 2012 hit seasonally adjusted annual rate of 717,000, up 2.6 from Marchs revised estimate
If you describe yourself as 'angry' because a sporting event was postponed by weather, you need medication.
Lots of it.
keep up the good work.
Can't wait to see you back in action.
Wendy williams wig looks a hot shit
Congratulations to the Royal Family, from a future British hopeful!
In our roles as employee, husband or wife, or as we go about our lives of submission, what does God want our words  actions to show others?
slay me maybe
I'm Cuban too...
Thanks for following me!
:
No problem!
How did it go?
Sweet!
A trophy from my favorite Aussie Chica Thank you very much!
Cooking the kids sum supper so we can get this night started ;
11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
Oh yeah I got bubble tape
Position coach told us today in meetings that after we put pads on our bodies will hurt until a week after spring ball is over.
I've also decided that a lot of things simply don't matter.
I am just as happy a chef as a programmer.
Objectoriented, recipes...
c and powershell!
RT : What programming languages have you used this year?
Tweet using code2011.
Please do it, and RT!
California doctoraming 3
What did I get myself into?
Shaking it up from the UK.
rt James Bond, was the first TransMedia franchise!
says Flint Dille at TransMedia Summit at
Most coffee is transported by ships.
Nowadays there are approximately 2,200 ships involved in shipping the beans each year.
playing 4sq or ruining ur diet?
I was there earlier today picking up 4 breakfast b/f Palm Sunday Service.
Lt.
Christopher Mosko of Pittsford died April 26 in combat operations in Ghazni province, Afghanistan.
RIP warrior; prayers to the family.
Global regents.
Hey thnx for gettin nick to follow my sis she was really happy to find out 3
thumpin powerman5000 on ?
Wow.
Haven't heard that song in a minute.
What's next?
Soul Decision  Faded?
doctorma at Cross Creek in GHSA baseball playoffs, 2 out, 2 run HR in bottom of the 6th ties it at 2
that icon OMfG
Not so sure about that...
cc
ok I will let u kno if im coming
Get 90 minutes of pure bliss with the Rejuvenation Facial at Wauwatosa Wellness Center for 50 off!
Dont miss it  www.crowdclick.com
RoAr ....don't make me come put ya professor in check....they on' know
u got party??
thingsilovetosee my family being happy
Sometimes I get so passionate for gay rights that I forget I'm gay.
Awkward...
7 a.m track workout
Walking around Ross with 4 inch heels on.
know12 IT as the new manufacturing: moving info much harder than the physical equivalent.
Essential: backbone of modern enterprise
yeah normally it's pretty fire, but today it was really deadly
take me bak to Vegas and I'll love you foreverandeveerrrrrandever3
Remember.Your purpose will only be found in service to others, and in being connected to something far greater than your body/mind/ego.
excellent!
i knew it had to eventually be a movie:
I hate that whenever my brain makes a decision my heart tries to talk myself out of it
would like to learn more about crystals
thank you so much
Small minds discuss people..average minds discuss events...great minds discuss idea.
Eleanor Roosevelt
houston peeps this weekend only every pair of guie shoes 50 bucks!!
hurry hurry hurry!
I may not have the cutest eyes, prettiest smile, gorgeous face or perfect body, but I do have a caring heart.
First stick on puck reference of the night.
Only took 39 minutes.
no fronting?
oh yeah so 2011...
Operator: 911 please hold Me: ok hey stop stabbing me for a sec.
Murderer: K
The Year OF Fear Is Growing Near!!!!
8 Years Of Demonic!!!
I just watched the cavs game for 5 seconds...
And I'm done for the night..
Hey...!
I'm putting in as much effort as they are?!
fuckin dumb bitches!
People of the Lower Valley.
Know who your politicians are beholden to before you vote.
Mary Gonzalez's list is mostly Austin lobbyists.
we're obsessed :
Heading New Haven again
mason plumlee will never go for 30.
Ever.
First20SongsOnShuffle 18 I Slept with Someone In Fall Out Boy, And All I got Was This Stupid Song Written About Me  Fall Out Boy.
How did DonnaSummer die anyone ???
LDP 29 of companies that responded to survey said they partnered with accredited degree prog as part of their LDP
ouch.
You had to work move out today?
I can understand schools leaving SunBelt for CUSA, but CUSA should have taken WKU not Charlotte whose FB hasn't played a down yet.
How was it playing ULTRA?
Never got a chance to catch up 2 weeks ago!
:0
Nothing And You ??
i'll be glad when these little bleeders are outta my house , someone left a mega monster shit in my bog this morning
Editing, editing, editing.
BUT!
I cut 10K from my overlong manuscript.
Progress!
My guess is with Mountain Lion in June.
so confussseeeedddd FOLLOW MORE OF YOUR FOLLOWER'S!!!!B!
FF Come on guys, lets help him get his numbers up!
We can make this unknown actor rise to fame ...
What?!
oh, I see, Disregard
It's Saturday Night, we've got one of Seattle's best DJs, DJ Niros of spinnin' beats all night.
Dance 'til it hurts!
in Trig class doing review
Glad You Came
doctornking a La Bealtaine White Fire Wheat Ale by ...Perfect after 5 mi run!
Hell ya 25 days left :
We're happy to have you!
Thanks for your awesome article!
I still can't breathe!
OH MY GOD!
Heading to the gym with my twin sister.
Boy, this weight training is kicking my butt.
sucks being monolingual
Dolphins  we're getting a football guy so I guess Jack McKeon is outM.
What a joke!
RT since its officially summer, I better be seeing you soon.
otherhalf  I'm back in Indy!!
3
iM GIVING AWAY TICKETS FOR THE CONNECTICUT SUPERFEST, I ONLY HAVE A FEW LEFT.
EMAIL ME
It really is.
I'll definitely keep you posted when it is officially in press and the preprint gets archived.
dancing in my basement with Tiffani, Ellen, and Josh you?
Getting back to dis moneyGone to work
No Bro
Where can I hear some of your music at
Q5: The best advice is keep the phone handy and be sure each kid has a lovey or something from home.
i'm excited about this.
RT : Want to hear a secret?
We have a new morning speaker series for youThe Percolator.
Just got done watching The Dew Tour.........what a great job Wade and Allo Sports along with NBC are doing with this event!
is the great
what if the Hokey Pokey..
IS what it's all about?
It's hard to stay to stay happy and energized when u have miss attitude working across the table from you.
Digital Power Controller targets isolated power supplies.
Happy Friday!
All day you callit 9.88 tans!
Time to get Halloween HOT!
i am not going to school tomor
Too much doctorma for one night...
:/ why can't we just all be happy..
Turns out it's not going to be tonight on my bday.
Poor woman has been in labor for almost 30 hours.
: I'm the coach nigga.
Do whatever I want Ahh, you got me.
Not the real coach.
Just some Punk.
Got it
I think they're confused too.
They must not have been watching the Canucks or Blues series.
It's hard to like new ideas.
Saying, I like something, implies past knowledge  not new.
I prefer to just stare at new ideas for a while
A public official was the victim of what police say was domestic violence.
We have the paperwork  info.
We're debating...
good people deserve it you.
nah, did you go to school?
I WAS AT THAT FUCKING FLASH MOB .
I swear ...
Its snowing for
Super exited about an Auburn grad being the CEO of Apple!
All the more reason to fuel my Apple addiction!
War Eagle!!
Wide awake and Grinding ...
Sending Love ..
P ..
Light to U and Big Mama ...
Peace
Half of my heart got a grip on the situation, half of my heart takes time.
24 Million were born this way
Hey, thanks for the follow.
How did you hear about Skillshare?
I went to the library last night.
Can you believe they gave me a card  I can read as many books as I want  for FREE?
24oz peach smoothies  big foot java
Whats Up Bro.
hahaha I can't stand the human race sometimes,
fantastic dinner with great friends always makes for a good evening!
love the Fou Frog
Unless Sean Payton gets fired, Saints will be fine as long as they resign doctorw Brees.
82 BV Latour Reserve Cabernet.
Dark red.
Pure Cab nose.
Aged, sound  remarkable tannin edge.
Black  red fruits 86 pts
I am almost as sick of hearing about the Manzo bunch as the Kardashians!!
It should be illegal for taxi doctorvers to have Delilah on the radio.
I def dont feel like going to this damn chase bank  giving them 3 dollars so i can get 20...
That awkward moment when your bf and mom start talking and giving you a hard time..
2 tired 2 tweet.
Wish I had more time.
Off to z land.
I should clarify.
It was A farm fresh egg, a cup of veggie oil, some lemon juice and truffle salt to make the mayo.
And now my arm is sore.
i think im going to delete this account, no one talks to me and im hardly ever on here.
Congrats!
That's so awesome!
RT 4000 views on me YouTube channel.
Thanks for all the support!!!
Seriously
Well that was random...
lmao.
I heard Adam Schefter doctorp the 'GD' on Mike and Mike this morning on ESPN Radio.
I thought I was hearing things because it was unbelievable!
Brazil's new consumer class flocks to US to buy The overstuffed bags filling Fernando Mello's luggage cart wobbled precariously as the gy
Showcase your portfolio for free on www.Shastic.com and WOW everyone!
I just experienced my first paper cut ever.
waaaah :
Congrats to Dana Baldwin, Portland Museum of Art in Maine, Art Museum Educator of the year.
always looking classy.
what an amazing guy, aye?
Where were you today when Kornheiser called Minnesota a city?
Great!
Keep it up
aye.
follow back?
I know you wanna ;
This past month of my life has been absolutely life changing and great 
what happened to the Setisodes?
True Story: Got a free cab ride from Haight to Ocean Beach at 2:30am today.
DeCosta said in the paper he thinks they'll get one of their top 20.
Does that mean they're not trading down?
Today's the day
Lot on my mind
Oh oh oh...
So Hannah Mahoney IS dating someone from San Diego..Question is, is it or the Trevor guy she talks to all the time?
Thanks so much for your thoughtful questions Lynn.
Bout to head to compton
this is why riding around on death machines is a bad idea.
Ah, Friday how I missed you.
But really looking forward to your friend Saturday so I can pick my kids at camp in the morning.
errands, laundoctor, etc.
Routines will turn 2 habits that cn optimize yr life .
That's How You Feel Cuzo!
Yep, totally agree.
The other side to what I said is that some cars do NOT need automatic trannies.
The purina benefil commercial with black lab and master playn with a tennis ball tugs at your heart strings
: I don't care what cha say....the Clippers being in the playoffs, just seems ODD.
Arrived  beach house.
Key won't open door.
Forced to bunk in garage tonite.
Not great start to weekend.
Wat u doing
Potato Platform?
RT : I believe we're in the misterotatoHead era of technology adoption
Outreach concert at all girls school in Dorchester this morning.
Good way to start off the day!
being in the hunger games  cramps
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Charlie and the chocolate titties
lol airports closed down for inspection!
But the mall is open!
Lol have fun, be safe, maybe aftershocks, hope not!
come on clippers
Starting to learn that people, no matter who they are, will never mean what they say.
Anyone will disappoint.
This is a good weekend to check out your running shoes for the Race.
Replace every 300500 miles....
you never gave me your email and I don't have your phone number.
I have a couple photos for you
good to know that :
please dont put the two together.
RT : Only 2 hours left till we announce the winner of the VIP table for BORIS tonight!
Have you RT'd yet??
Worked and then spent the remainder of the day being a lazy bum.
How about you?
hahaha i'm looking at college rankings and wustl has the least economic diversity of any top 25 school  surprising?
no.
so what should iconiacz be exited for ?????
Same here!
You know you're down, right??
A little status update and uptime ETA would be useful.
Miss you.
okay you're really staring to piss me off.
Finally Chicago has an alternative station once again!!
You can say that you don't miss me; I think about you everyday.
Congrats to former colleagues at on the move to FM
Will the real slim shady Paris Jackson please stand up
: I respectfully disagree with you re Wilders, but you are welcome to say it  since I live in the Free U.S.
but I follow u;

Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday!
Where is your practice located?
for millennials, green is the new goth
Take care of your eyes.
RT : This morning on The Hawaiian Eye .
KHVH radio AM830
We need to learn how to love one another and accept one another.
Besides the Olympics  the disgust for the French, I feel like online piracy is one of the only things creating a common unity among nations
Don't miss My Week with Marilyn this weekend at the Varsity Theatre!
mine too!!!
If you just take my hand.
There's no turning back now.
Baby try to understand.
sorry doll!
Been with family and beyson said you were in lamar.
Are you in Denver?
Job interviews require preparation like before an exam: research, answers, questions, attire and bring copies of your resume too.
we have such a loving friendship
My photos of our photographer at work: RT : Check out photos from Day 1 of our Forty Under 40 photo shoot:...
Always cup the balls
The best things for us are usually the things that don't interest us.
I really wish would stop teasing us so much.
I'm so excited to see
Fletcher says he has a passion for our city.
Ashley trying to tweet until he follows her back...
FAIL.
lmfaoo
how about them Spartans of Michigan State, they looked good yesterday.
Happy Hump Day!
Fill in the blank: My favorite shampoo/conditioner right now is .
To be fair, Caps were lucky to have been that close to begin with.
idk what you're trying to say lol
on vacation with mom lil nephew and my two favorite sisters casey and ashley.having so much fun.
For the CBI Tournament to date our projected data is  ML 71 ATS 71 Totals 50
Yea!
I just got a note from Amazon that my preorder book from is shipping!
Really?
This just happened  you go off  tell people?
.
its no ones business.
You should start transitioning to whisky lemonades now.
Summertimez!!
If everything is cyclical then what will be the counterpoint to the explosion of new electronic media consumption devices.
Remember books?
tea or no tea.
There is no 'attempt'
There nothing more uncommon then common sense.
I promise you don't lol
watching you now but it wont let me log into facebook D:
o hahaha I think they were kidding!
love is a game that two can play both win.
Eva Gabor
Just saw 2 elderly gentlemen get out of a cab and one said to the other I'm high but don't give me any ideas
Ohio welcomes us back w/ a Tornado Warning, lighting  hail.
Unlike DC, at least we have basements here.
I wouldn't
going to sleep.
heading to GreatWolfLodge in the morning!
I know it
OMG SUMMER .
HURRY UP 
: Please show your support for American POW captainred in Afghanistan Sgt BoweBergdahl, held 1034 days.

RT : All the hood mothers gonna be down moby's tonite....watch
So like, you're into video games as much as I'm into vegetarian food and being healthy.
Awesome :D
Holiday Inn is launching another hotel brand...do you think there are the market is already too crowded or is there room for them?...
I got it baby
nothing really thats why I was asking
Nice!
My place completely flooded, now I need to move again.
Bummer!
So now I can't get an Xbox, time to save once again for one!
Everything is 2.0 these days.
But 3.0 can't be the new 2.0.
They'll need something jazzier.
I predict we go from 2.0 to threesies.
Those coffee carafes are too good at keeping stuff hot sometimes.
I think I just had a cup of coffee from yesterday...
he meant to say
Great choice  thanks so much!
Great question, if you have won you must wait 30 days until you can win again.
Glad you like the phillyhunt camera!
Congrats!
Had an awesome night just getting home 1:15pm can't wait to do it aging with my best homie
So moving to LA is becoming more and more of an option for me....
: I've never met a doctorg dealer who had blue cross blue shield hahaha
I wanna go work out just dont have any motivation.
Been like that the last couple weeks.
lmao thats where i know you from?
Would you like free promotion?
Email me at for details.
who do i need to beat up
: We're FREE tonight from 69pm.
Tour the Renaissance collection at 6  7 Memling's Portrait of a Man 
Changes coming in how operates online within the coming weeks; Temporarily linking some websites to social accounts.
girl I used that term very very very loosely!!!
Word!
RT : we should be grateful all the time!
Thanks again!
Funny how when a hot modelesque blonde chick wants a van full of babies, men fall all over her, but when I say that, I get crickets
Question!
Will you guys be meeting fans for free at Springle Ball?
I need magic bubbles pronto pronto
Dispatch warlock and Ajax to bring back his body
wait wait wait wait wait
I'm missing my boo, I could be in the bed bunned up but no lol
You say Paranoid....I say Insightful!
put it on the band card hahaha
I ain't usually lost for words, this is got to be the first.
I tryna find the reason why I'm stu stu stuttering.
Agreed.
My hormones will make me cry about enough stuff nowI don't need to find new reasons!
wow what an awesome wrap up to the story.
Thanks for sending it over my way.
Is enjoying reading facts
Tech week.
Performances May 6th and 7th.
Let the show begin!
Wish I was attending ACL this weekend for Stevie Wonder, , Brandi Carlile, , Fleet Foxes, Ray LaMontagne
I need to go shopping.
Oh.
Now I want tea.
And curry.
Not necessarily together.

Thanks for the Follow
Just liked your Facebook page and glad to be in touch here on Twitter.

Yikes!
Glad you made it home safely.
Better late than never.
:
you two need some orbit...
dirtymouth?
reply me please
well it helps them get popularity and for the show wants to know all ur biz etc.
And u have to sign contract so basically they
Damn I wish chase wasn't so fine
that's awesome!
we've been hearing that a lot lately :
Nadine McCarthy WG'12 is bringing fine jewelry sales online with curated pieces and independent design on Oristocrat
RT : Heading to the Bay Area?
Book a table at Michelinstarred Luce at ; chef de cuisine is Daniel Corey.
If a shark bites you, you die?
Pretty sure Bethany Hamilton would disagree.
it's just lyrics from a song
Busy few weeks at FOCUS  from Alaska down to Hawaii across to Nebraska and lots of place in between!
We hope to see you soon too!
yea I got my vehicle
And even the stars, they burn.
Some even fall to the Earth.
We got a lot to learn, but God knows we're worth it.
ha that's wasup bruh..next week Monday then, b ready cuzzzz
So happy you enjoyed the visit and  the doctor doctor  James Brown reference.
He probably won't except the fact that I miss him!
Enjoyed MBU543 Have a good summer.
RT : Inspiration MT : 7 WY women who beat breast cancer or dedicated their lives to the fight!...
A lot of times people mistake my kindness for something else.
And it's frustrating as shit.
Joe  All The Things
Forgot to add pregnant to my last tweet
: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.message SUCCESS
Worse thing u can do is trying to get too know someone through texting...takes away the reality of things...
Just jumped on the agencystate presentation.
Looking forward to the outlook.
I'm gonna consider this an official invite to the farm.
Amen.
Tracey v.
Solesky just turned a pit bull into the underwriting equivalent of an unfenced swimming pool with legs.
hey are you open to trades?
What kind of back surgery is she having?
I enjoyed Garp but liked The Hotel New Hampshire more.
At 50 yrs old i cant believe i still want my mommy when i am sick.
This sucks!
theres this little that wants you to follow her.Please make her doctoram come true.I know you will blake:
when is it?
Follow and retweet if you want to see my young big boobs :
Brilliant as always girl!!
I just saw a video of you teaching at PDS.
Nice job!
Clearly transformational teaching is occurring!
i need a good tv show to get hooked on.
Any suggestions?
The Wire.
Otherwise, Homeland.
Shift Change?
U know the END of the Day when SMH U just don't 2 do any more paper work or OT ..primetime
To develop 399 Gregory St., a vacant lot, for housing/commercial.
Fixing story to be more clear.
Thanks for feedback.
I'm in the May issue page 52.
Timeless Tips
i love you!
Come on Lakers.
I wasn't that doctornk...
Dude, you picked up a little mexican girl and screamed, 'DORA!
I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'
Why must Kellog use the word thrust and penetration over and over
Greenville High in Las Vegas.
Louisville Magic 49 New Heights 64 with 2 minutes to play.
High level basketball here at adidas VIP run.
name and school!
thanks
nothing today but work 
New reality tv concept: highly successful CEOs takeover and run government organizations for a month.
First episode: TSA
I give up...
my eye will forever twitch.....
;
So excited about SAA preconf workshop on email preservation w/XML, but these preworkshop readings are a doozy.
Off to ytown
YOUR A BEAST!
;
COME ON PIZZA!!!
HURRY UP!!
I cant get dick..
:
In a bed full of bitches, I betcha bite a bitch
how about discust !!!
your fault lol
Finally finished my songs I recorded and selected on CD for the mlk celebration.
Wish me luck tonight on audition www.cobbcounty.org.
Hey Austin it's me from the beach I really wanna see you again so I will think positive and never say never Hint superman :
lmao y'all a mess
Day 1 swapping in a health shake plus brewers yeast instead of my daily oatmeal.
Kinda hungry, but feel amazing.
I miss my bed
u see I'm trying :
Hi Mel, Overdoctorve is constantly making upgrades to its service.
Check back for updates!
Getting some lessons from Ali!
Need all the help I can get going from a classically trained flutist to jazz and improvisation!
Yikes..
hi andoctora its bella how is your christmas break gonig r u good tweet back thank u
snowballing is fucking hot.
When one direction is on the radio 
twitter is outta control tonight, omfg.
Oh, no!
I cried writing it, actually.
Multiple times.
But hopefully it ended in a good place for you?
:
ThirstTrap  : DM's ONLY!
Tell me somethin you always wanted to tell me.
I'll keep it between us!
What's with Jennifer Lopez's ugly red doctorss?
come to my job again when I'm not here...and see what happens to you
Love clean sheets, hate making the bed.
Someone do this for me.
rings butler bell
Thanks, Have you read it yet, ?
excited to be here!
Evergreen Healthcare named doctor Scott Stuart medical director for the Progressive Care Unit and Care Mgmt
i need a keynote speaker for my staff retreat in november.
someone in ga preferably; i'm flexible on the topic at this point.
any ideas?
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Denis Waitley
Wait with a Praise!!!
haha I'm definitely still shitty about it!!
Are you still in grad school?
How do you have so much free time?
I'm going to cook breakfast, do hw  go to the gym.Morning all
So, I'm an NPR reporter, and every time I start to talk, I am compelled to say so.
Why is that?
Everything's turning green almost right before my eyes.
Don't think it's ever happened in March before.
I still think I'm gonna win the original bet but it'll be close.
Not sure I'd make the same bet with a newborn today.
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun  20  HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tourney today letsgoladybraves:
Its only at NL ballparks they do that.
I actually like it like that.
I wish both leagues had the pitcher bat.
What makes you say that?
Already home, awesome trip
Somewhere there's a someone for me
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Why is it such a shock that Obama supports gay marriage?
I think that's great, but I thought it was obvious that he did?
Did a 4 mile walk for March of Dimes on Saturday and didn't get sore or winded.
I average 3 miles a week.
Rodoctorquez provides context for communitycollege 's role in improving American society and educating our workforce.
Fuck you thunder you can suck my dick.
We are out n about tonight.
Feel free to call ahead for a ride: 414272ride
Justice Alito delivers opinion in Hamilton v.
Lanning involving calculation of a debtor's projected disposable income under Ch 13.
148Apps is first in my mind, then maybe AppAdvice or AppCraver.
If its a game, reach out to TouchArcade.
nope can't think of nothing.
Except Juan Rivera with the tallest home run ever
My dudes are all living
i need a tampon, cause when i get a nose bleed, i bleed a lot!!
Of course, right after I send that last tweet.
Caps come down 3on2.
What a passing play.
I've been having a lyrical explosion the last two days.
Floyd Is Too Fast
Love that I got to spend 1.5 days in cloud cuckoo land, but finding the mundanities of life challenging now.
Working late and listening to The Shins
aye whas up
that place is so good.
Had them in Denver growing up.
You should scream at a pillow.
I hate when I can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside I know they probably haven't thought about me once.
in AZ tonight...
congress!
Good morning!
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.
Henry Ford
Now, listening to John McNabb discuss vulnerabilities in doctornking water supplies.
The evolution of Social Business and Social Government lands in DC for the first time ever.
Where else would be tmister?
Truly the comeback of the century!!
Happy Birthday !
:
2012 mitenergyconf focused on macroeconomy, policy, ect.
Reflection of US energy tech today?
What happened to econ viable innovation?
understand everyone has those dayslol well imgonna check right now!
haha if i punch u in the face im sory instant reaction
I often go to Paris to live yesterday tomorrow Because Paris is a place of doctorams
MONUMENTAL: In Search of Americas National Treasure LIVE, a celebration of America's story of faith  freedom comes to theaters on 3/27.
Man really dnt feel like bein at work this early
come here
Okay.
Just checking.
Ordering pizza 
So, is granola a breakfast cereal or a topping?
I'm confused...
FREE Seminar this Saturday at 2pm on How to aEat for Weight Loss  bKeep your Resolution!
Thank you
Another Bob Marley doctoram...what does this mean?
earthquake shook Cheesetique in Alexandoctora pretty good.
Crazy.
ok u.
An start
Ah, honey, honey.
Nice pic!
Pillsbury, Fulbright merger talks stall, sources point to Fulbright succession issues and unfunded retirement plan.
Story in DJ.
Court this morning...
Eww...
220.00 later, I'm no longer a criminal.
Justice has not been served...
:
Are you going to be attending May's Social Media Breakfast?
We have the proud honor of being the facility sponsor
Pretty sure I just had oj, coffee and chocolate cake for breakfast after my 4 mile bike ride
Thank God 4 waking me up this morning  thank God 4 my Wife  Kids  Thank God 4 a Job with Chicago Fire Dept as a paramedic.
but u can handle that player player!
My favorite email recvd on Monday...All I can say is WOW.
I have never received so many emails during the weekend on a project like this.
I am so confused right now hope I am not in some serious trouble.
Fml
and not forgetting : RT : Congrats to all 2012 Business of the Year finalists...
2 teenage girls hanged themselves a year ago in a small MN town.
Tonight, their mothers' bond  warning for other parents.
KSTP at 10.
Sugar coma?
Ah, maybe in July when the rush from eating enough treats to stock a bakery wears off.
All good!
You a Baller you a Baller pay me in bud.......
Keep getting message There was error sending to MealsMatter account, check the selected social networks  resend
What is your favorite thing about ??
the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
some things just aren't okay.
Your Limit Has.Expired On Ebt bitchcalmdown We Got Child Support!
so then cat /dev/limbo  sed 's/christian/g'  /dev/null should get everything back on track?
Reviving the sadly neglected LITAForum twitter account.
:
only if you give me beef jerky, RIGHT NOW.
My 17 month old niece just called me a jew..
S/o for the follow bro
well, thank you, and yes, let's get together some time to celebrate the achievement of the ridiculously improbable
I'm sorry.
I just can't hear you over the sound of me being so awesome.
Wednesday is Kids Eat Free Day!
We'll be looking for you later today
Congrats to our partner and trainer, Luis Gajardo, for being named Head Trainer for Special Needs for the Florida Youth Soccer Association.
it says 15 diameter...
sounds small..
Hope you have a great workout!
fact: gchat works when you are in different buildings too
Your mom digs locallydesigned clothing  accessories!
We have lots of amazing last minute gifts  are open til 4p.
How else would they be able to filter out Google Scholar?
Ah ha.
One of those hit by a car moments.
Bizarre, Everytime I see the movie THE CHANGE UP come on, I find myself watching again.
Lots of great one liners in this one
As a child, Hillary Clinton wrote to NASA inquiring on how to become an astronaut, NASA replied saying girls could not be astronauts.
The Clapper people need to expand their services to thermostats so I can turn down the heat without having to go downstairs.
lol the high school exit exam where I live is prounced like my name to: and thanks for the dear:

From ME ..
This is 4 all the People that who can make a few calls  smh break the fabric of society
Giving thanks this morning with Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church and Reverend E.T.
Caviness.
Damn she got a fat rack of tittes.
Working on a new feature for NewRockNews43.
Check in this week for the first of many!!
HEY HEY HEY its fat albert.
; i still say that.
InTheSummer this would be me going to bed early, but tonight I am purely exhausted
ok.....handle that bruh
Follow me so I can dm you about happenings and recommendations while in there!
Please and thank you!
:
she said yes
You dont gotta fake or front ...
Just be you :
is the best.
No question.
Thank you for the mention!
Enjoy your weekend all!!
I haven't gotten my confirmation postcard in the mail yet for the minimarathon what should I do??
I really hope the Memphis Grizzlies aren't in the process of blowing another big lead against the stupid Clippers and stupid Blake Griffin.
ALL!
I want to see them ALL!
Yes, I'd agree.
hello lovelies, have a wonderful Saturday!
If only the boy who did that like followed through and let me know who the hell we was.
Am I going to have to be the responsible one on this trip?
Not a good thing.
I like to think they sent it only to me, and are all sitting around a table fretting about whether or not I'll join.
idk man,i really been thinking about it :/
Did I mention that I accept Andy Miller Funbucks?
I haven't forgotten about my site gathering for you just an FYI : waves
you're gorgeous.
slain in Solonica Harbor.
Sun beginning to set in Kill Devil Hills ...
Makes me miss coastal living ...
Thank God for ESPN obx ...
Funny Insult: Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
Did I mentioned that I'm a Sixers fan .....
Well just making sure yall remember!
That moment when your mom is washin clothes nd she finds a condom in your pocket.
Awkward!!
99
Houston Rockets great Calvin Murphy was born today in 1948.
Murphy still holds records for most consecutive FTs made and FT  at 95.5.
Did u get any easter eggs yet Kim
First place baby!!!
hey, nice music,  thanks for the follow!
:
::Looking bashfully at our feet:: Sorry for spamming your Twitter feed.
Good luck to you and safe travels!
whats new on the twitter side friends
A Mother NEVER Realizes that her Childoctorn are no longer Childoctorn.
truth unconditional LOVE blessingsfromabove :
YES I GOT A 95 ON NYSSMA

Definitely a favorite!
The Bears need 2 RBs or does Forte want to carry the ball 350 times along with 50 catches all himself.
4yrs14mill, I say good signing.
I don't know of any with a vegan focus.
You might contact a regular service and see if they could do it for you.
Thank you for all your support bessie!
3 you!x
We've just reached 100 followers!!!
So exciting !Thanks Rochester!!
we will be tweeting soon!!!
Have you checked out Aaron Horkey's incredible poster for your Boston show?
mydumbinjury trying to break up a fight between my boys n getting hit with a beer bottle in the head, 20 staples n glass in my head 
Yeah exactly, your car overcompensates to maintain the speed if it's going up/down a hill so it uses more gas.
2 all gamers r last.fm page has been updated new pics, bio, and tracks!
More 2 come....
nice try, jets.
The limits are pushed every single day of our lives.
If it's family, friends or anything for that matter we find a way to overcome it!!
You want some candy or a whooping..
Ugh a whoopin
passion all day.
That's my vote.
Tomorrow marks the 10th year of my quitting security to follow my passion.
I'm excited to have you on board!
a lot of nice things said about us today, thanks.
now come get some doctornks!
Second that.
I think that personal brand stuff is inauthentic.
We should be who we are  allowed to have personal, private spaces!
Harsh wind  a glacial 20ish degrees.
Thx to the boys  Kanye, JayZ, etc  for getting me thru this AM's run.
Bag me up, I'm frozen.
The Power are a game out of first place with 3 games remaining.
The Playoffs are in our grasp!
LETS GO POWER!
Thanks boys!
Nothing but a blue horizon All around us Like a glove
lmfaoo I mentioned the wrong person my fault
props to , he made it onto a slide at
Every time I have chocolate cake for breakfast, I think of Bill Cosby.
oh ok cool...
im in pompano
I'm impatient.
I wish I would hurry up a learn some patience!
Oh, It's Always Sunny.
Lakerfans get mad at us when we win...but oh boy...Ya'll are the NBA'S worst noise talkers...so shut it up and take it..
Hey check us out:
Underwriters: At this point, I sort of wish they'd ask me for a pint of blood instead of more student loan paperwork.
Was asked by to do a talkback with him.
I liked him.
Clearly he saves up the poison.
Ugh.
All I do is win.
well your pic is uglier !!!
i hope fanny pak messes up honestly
Whether it's your first or your fiftieth, a good Tweetup is great fun.
Join us Friday 10/28 at Embassy Suites, 6:3010pm...
try to join a research group.
might be some over the summer and it is variable credit, so you could just take what you need.
It just pisses me off to no end that Dick gets excited like that.
WTF.
We have gotten almost through the W's...can't be long now until the PICNIC!!
And 500 new alums!
aw!
my pleasure!
much love!!
: oxoxo
I'm a big fan of the Saturday signing.
Might only have a yr or two left, but that's long enough to groom a replacement
will do!
haha well then you are a
...shooting day...
Finally, 15 minutes in, Kimmel and Fallon tell us best supporting comedy actress is Julie Bowen of Modern Family.
Unlock the box and secrets dispel This life is our heaven, of course theres no hell...
Catsup or ketchup?
Yes, I think freshlysqueezed lemon doctorps would be wonderful.
You should see the size of these lemons  more like grapefruit.
Absolutely lovely place  the ambiance, decor,variety,quality food, location  economical price!
Best in Baltimore!
A book never written How to win the Lottery by Jack Pott.
gone need you this week
misterCole probably thinks I'm avoiding the research paper!
Ha, it was not my own doing.
The dang phone came without any WiFi reception.
And my phone plan didn't cover Internet access.
Great class, Greg!
Thank you!
RT Aw snap my 800th follower will get a free Korean Burrito aka KRitto from tell your hungry friends...
it's not photoshop...
it's Styrofoam painted black and but into a circle then cut more and glued to my head..
Sry im nt on twitter im in chicago and cnt access a computer im on my phone rite nw luvz ya peepz
5  1 reds.
Back to Back home.runs.
NEW FEATURE: There is now 'Solar Radiation' data in the API.
Loving life :
I'm doctornking a bottle of water and eating an apple...
healthiest thing I've done in a year.
5  and thanks for the call.
Seriously, why isn't George Zimmerman in jail yet?
Florida continues to be an embarrassment.
We've got Johnson in the Castle this morning.
Castle University training for our associates always rocks!
My cousin is getting ready to open his present and my other little cousin went up and told him everything he got.
LOL
I can't believe some senator compared Marijuna to opioids.
Opioids is a whole different game, they get a hold of u  it's hard to let go.
Ladies do not start fights but they can finish them!
BringIt!
: Im follow and retwwet and i will follow U BACK
The flat topped one decides tomorrow.
Cats fans fingers are crossed for sure.
wmata T2 bus 7050 is broken: keeps automatically pressing stop requested at every single stop
8000 yard practice.
Thanks to Facebook, I know what most of my friends bathrooms look like.
Kinda annoyed :/ my headsets keep breaking.
The funny thing is I take good care of it  yet it still breaks.
:'
shit or shine.
truth is truth
What a beaut!
I'm turning on every light in the house tonight at 830PM eastern.
CHECK OUT WWW.COLOURFULMONEY.NET FOR TOP CLOTHES, DESIGNS,  PHOTOGRAPHY IN ATL!!!
I don't know if this is a good strategy, but it seems to be a strategy.
Chris Webber on the Clippers intentionally racking up technicals
He's amazing:3
what's some advice you would give to a band just starting out to get their name out there?
We've played so many empty shows.
great post
Love this gal!
: Li Na thanks the sponsors, ball boys, chair umpire, linesmen, her team, crowd, basically everyone but China.
Ducks going to the Rose Bowl, beating OSU 3733.
: takes some amazing photo's on all from his iphone.
cc: Thank you Ken!
Glad you like them!
I just hope everything works our for the best
Time to get rid of this old jacket.
Got more holes in it than a getaway car.
Had a conv.
with a girl work in purple dt Seattle.
I guess a wine/dinning is not far away
Did you know can buy a new kitchen table and 4 chairs for only 299???
Well you can !!!
lady n front of us was a UofL fan, she was rootin so hard for ISU n when we dumptrucked em after they tied she just crumbled
i gotta say.
Movie looks like it could be the second notebook
woohooo and really im taking u up on that
To recap INStateFair hearing: Judge to decide next week on schedule  whether he needs to issue a stronger protective order for evidence
but i think she may be the smarter of us two
I need to attend reality show rehab.
Norfolk state is the 1st 15 seed to move on since Hampton in 2001 nuts
I'm still confused why the Astros have a hot sauce packet race.
Oh well, time to get swept!
Go Brewers!
stop your making me laugh so hard.
Can you write these story for me site..
the power of a child's lack of hearing..hee hee
To which email addoctorss?
Yahoo?
So how are you going to be a badd influence on me?
Scanner info?
RT : Burns to stomach and throat.
Child having a hard time breathing, life flighted to Emanuel
Fuck work here comes the IPAD3
what comes around goes around karma'sWatching
Dimensions are only layers in the mind.
Want to see something?
Inhale the green, exhale the mean.
hey...hows your insomnia?
I haven't yet.
I'm going to watch to the new season.
I have always loved the phrase: As pure as the riven snow.
Nothin a Lil Uncle Mo can't fix
my noon is 3pm
Looking forward to connecting with you!
d'aw.
no but i'll check it out now is it on your youtube chanell?
Grandma is spanish and african, she know she hot!;
you're welcome!
Happy to do it!
Very interested in your work.
I was into throwing strikes before it was cool.
RT C.J.
WILSON'S MANTRA OF THROW STRIKES WENT MAINSTREAM TOO QUICKLY.
Boston Area Small Press and Poetry Scene: The Aurorean Editor ...
All over, but most importantly, with Mke Public Schools.
Your tweets crack me up Meech!
Billboard Latin Music Awards Score Ratings Win  Billboard
2:34 left...u can do it usa
Aw thanks...
I do 3 me some coffee!
They want to buy 3 million bucks of iPads when we don't have adequate staff, security or custodians.
that is very well described.
Except my events take like, 1, so thats even worse..
uh..
I bought food to share at least.
digitalindia George Lucas owns the rights to the word doctorid
NOTICE SPEIDI BITCHES AND COMPLAINS AND THERE'S NO MENTION OF LAWYERING UP
That is how the Forbes article frames the argument, though.
workout tonight gotta lose some pounds
: will you come to Tennessee too this summer.
With and kj YES!!!
:
I thought gen was atheist
My homeland is an expensive place, no?
Good luck finding the right place!
When in doubt move inland!
Let's.
Go 49ers
That Mouse always sounded to me like he was a little too desperately trying to fool everyone into thinking he was really a flying squirrel.
Thanks for the follow.
I'll have to keep your store in mind sometime soon
but I bet he spends too much time getting ready and can't possibly have the stable of horsepower that you do.
RT : Leo Who will sing karoake in a karaoke bar with you  Louis
I never met anyone who didn't have a very smart child.
What happens to these childoctorn, you wonder when they reach adulthood?
Fran Lebowitz
Let's chill in arizona and skate at pecos skate park!
Who's up for this??
oh ok ..haha yeah even a bit early normaly i dont wake up that early on a saturday :'D its 9:40
If you've always wanted to try Pilatestoday is the dayI will guide you through every move!
Kobe bitch ass got 29 and they down 22.
Greedyman has strikes again
Check out basketball tv show today across the state on CWKYT at 1:30 pm.
Highlights, player features and more on the 152 Pioneers
Coffee once had a bilge as a nickname.
Last Night Was Really Good..
I LOVE
Hes definatley amazing!!
Wouldnt wanna be with anyone other than him!:3
Shout out to the guys who don't hate on fulllength skirts
Media spectacle is the way to media celebrity.
It is not about meaningful content.

presenting on Stillwater Lab/Vectors project
We went to 2, if that makes you feel better.
He doesn't have to...He LIVED IT!!!
First day on the job.
It's gonna be a damn good summer.
when is Noel sending in his LOI?
Happy New Year!
i put my classring by the cross and your gold chain 3
How can I help you If you don't help yourself!
Love this.
Thanks for the reminder.
RT : The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch
You should stop by and do a wine tasting!
I got glasses :
Kiss my ass
ANYONE KNOW THE SONG I LOVE IT??
REPLY BACK PLZZZZ
Wednesday is definitely not playing.....I havent even left my desk for lunch yet.
Yikes 
Thx for spinning our tunes :
hm...that coulda been it LOL
One doesnt realize the importance of the 'up' arrow on your keyboard until one no longer has an 'up' arrow
thanks for repeating me,..
OU to the PAC12?
Next best thing to the original Big 12
Thank you...congrats to you as well, hope your new gig is working out.
i'm so excited it's like the night before vacation!
lol
RT I guess we won't be hearing the Fojol Brothers truck blasting any music by Das Racist.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Denis Waitley
Come to Buffalo, NY for a signing!!!!
:
looking for creative marketing efforts to high school girls for homecoming and prom doctorsses...any ideas???
your tweet was on TV and I also am from San Antonio !!!!:

thanks for the RTs ladies!
Happy Friday.
Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!!
No medium can really be immediate because then there would be no medium.
Starting to feel allergies?
Take a tbsp of local honey each day!
So...apparently this is my fault.
lol yeah I will once I get a chance!
damn.
Definitely a manly pair of sneaks
UP CHILLIN NTN TO DO NOT REALLY SLEEPY WHO UP WITH A NIGGA...
FUCK A PINK EYE!
I'm just whining.
In hindsight I retract my statement.
:
lol dont trip!
What about the computer?
I heard Bella Thorne is getting an Emmy for speaking up about her anorexia.
What about Demi?
She shouldve gotten millions of Grammys by now.
Running through the pouring rain with friends that don't care about crap makes my day3
Just when I think I'm done tweeting lakers get lower ha ha ha
The 1 Direction band is not bad.
They're cool guys...and music is not bad also
These mfers really tryna list on purpose so they can play the bulls in the first round.......Dumb move smh
New Arizona Tote Board Total  53,302
Holy fuck.
I just realized that my ex looks like Louis Tomlinson.
Awkward.
o.o
I'm forever yours, Faithfully.
Ole Miss leads Kentucky 30 in the 1st quarter.
Look forward to speaking to Amy later today about Skeletons of the Muse...
wonder what questions she'll have for your muse??
ok that's fair.
yeah.
that was, um, uncool...
Thx for publicizing thiswill check it out MT impromptu rally at Horner Park to march on Mayor's house.
Please avoid area
school be doctorwlin sometimes
great!
Want to do something on the levee?
Mokka is right up the street.
I'm up for anything!
Staying at the Fairmont too for hicss.
Love the sunrise/sunset guide during turndown service.
You are right; it's the best!
Playing Halo Reach until 10am!!!!Join if you have XBox live and Halo ODST!
Rock on Matt!
Thanks for the shout out.
Where do you ride?
Thank you!
get from Dakota man dat nigga got Gucci belts and shit
Any chance you guys want to come by west Soho on Wednesday?
Around Hudson  King?
Pretty please?
; see you tomorrow ;
netflix bro
CanIBeHonestWithYou...
I really do get it in...
Hey all I need 4 Brookwood High 9th Grade Cheerleaders for a promo shoot tomorrow inbox me or email me at !!!
A mixed species tag team match?
Firstly Lisa would stomp me.
Secondly, I don't think my spiders a fighter.
Rockies OF Carlos Gonzalez will be on the show tomorrow morning!
Also, Yahoo college football writer Steve Megargee and Troy Renck!
AM 1510
just lemme know when
My wish would be for you to wear the peptopaladin IRL and ingame.
for a whole day.
Earth Day Events in the Bay Area Earth Day San Jose.
Speakers, vendors, food, music and fashion show.
11 a.m.8 p.m.
Thursday.
S
He thinks I secretly hate him...I don't he just won't ever live it down with me LOL: LMAO that was too funny
chicken  waffles.
jealous yet!
what does the R stand for?

ordered a Dwight Schrute bobblehead for my desk at work.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
holy doctor wars!
doctorrichard besser takes on doctoroz on GMA  over arsenic in juice.
it airs 7am pacific time.
we'll have a preview here at 5
I won't be racing today, but ill be at the meet to watch lil' savage tho :
Can one advocate for neuter/spay and still follow the precept/commandment of not killing anything?
Hi guys, yeah the beta launched in late October.
Feel free to put a new listing, it'll get approved asap.
Public schools are running out of funding
what's so funny?
We're planning the Summer and looking forward to some new Speed Camps....stay tuned for more details!
has been offered a 20122013 American Association of University Women Postdoctoral Fellowship!
hahah I'm sorry I was excited too
Greetings to and thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio!
Have a great Thursday...
In rainstorm :: resilience.
A new hauntology :: the adjacent possible.
Once you have an inside, you can put things there.
My bangs right now  if only they would stay like that until the morning though 
Just watched a girl rearend a cop.
Her day is ruined.
iman everything is getting awesome on here loving it!
He's still on probabtion for that one.
watching Platoon and working on Maya
Im going to marry Oliver Wood.
'nuff said.

A homie I need to see if you can email me some songs!!
Fucking hate that call me maybe song omg
About Time iGot My Work Permit !
Awesome, man.
Nice work.
Yes, sir.
Got the business cards.
Just got cast in another commercial
BARTENDER...
Old Forester Old Fashioned's for my friends and me!
Is it going down tonight or what???
Long Day.Nite World
Clark claiming he's not watching Ohio game as well, Ohio just went up on UNC, waiting for him to have a ATT summoner moment Oh!Yes!
what would I get if I could fit the whole text on two  three pages, front and back?
lol I'm Actor Chad Everhart
just trying to contact everyone that's new to following us actually!
: and thanks for the shoutout!!3
What do you guys think of Miss Me Now?
Everyone's doing the 'backup dance always after an acquisition lately.
Just saying.
Happy Earth Day!
sent from the gas station
Enjoy y'all day and be blessed tweeps
What do u do w/ ur kids 1st day while assessing?
We are going from a staggered start to them all coming?
Just curious?
What is going on???
We're watching ESPN this afternoon  we've learned that Jville cut Garrad.
Why?
BAH NO,i say i just have a twitta:::
Yes, kids matter  rock their world  make a difference in their lives  they won't forget  forward and upward.
I just realized...I need a haircut.
Even though I really loved you, Im gonna smile 'cause I deserve to.
LUVLEONA!
YOUYOUWANNA?
I LOVE ALL THE PG's out there and if ur a preety grl u would be a HUGE fan of our groop R8D PG check us out on FB  FOLLOW!!
I meant Friday.
I have not had coffee.
Should not be allowed to tweet before coffee.
:
Well the new Jack White album is spectacular.
Of course I expected nothing less.
The Nissan Leaf?
Are you kidding me?Did they only market hippies?
The Ford Sloth has a better ring to it.
Those look like some quality recommendations!
Thanks!
Ok Let's hope I don't once again sleepconvince myself that editing my prospectus in my doctorams is getting good work done
Today is a nice ass day
Wow.
Was so windy riding through Cambridge tonight.
Nearly got knocked off bike.
The office is no place for even a well done smokey eye.
hell u up to nigga
love ya!
im good, and u?
Love you guys!
Wishing everyone a safe  fun Super Bowl weekend!!
Are you cheering on the Patriots or Giants?
: LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide a3
Forget about me.
How would my kids feel?
Kids' stepmom has a tat.
If she got 1 w/her baby's name but not my kids' 
its it scary/awkward ???
Don't forget to follow the Sociology of Emotions Section of the ASA  Good stuff, I promise
All by my damn self.
We built the sets with real food; and in the case of the ones with glass glued in front..we really cooked using the half pots
im pretty sure it was you like 2 nights ago in playlist on that african host not fun  seen the FF an was like whatt lol
SPCARBON just donated to Good things to help with Blood and water in Africa.
We are sponsoring our own rider Alyssa Aviles
what girl?
And Hannah Goddard
That awkward moment when you sent a text to someone that was meant for someone else.
Hyped/honored to be part of the fam!
For the first time I have to shower without music :o
Todd39;s Weather at Work: Neyland Stadium
Going on ESPN 101.5 in Etown to break down Cats and Cards.
Station picks up in a lot of Louisville.
Going live right at 5 o'clock.
This school year has truly been an experience since i got here in August smdh the end is near
ArentYouTiredOf these broke Ass people tryin to borrow money knowing damn well they can't pay you back!
Currently pinching myself right now.
Life is too good to me.
:
RT : Promise only what you can deliver.
Then deliver more than you promise.
Author: Unknown 
I bet!
: I can't wait to come!
Morning Rockstars!
When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are.
Richard Hooker
At Masterpiece reversing for Annie :D then off to Voice Lessons
Look at me now
Thanks to everyone who attended panel about online defamation today at smwchicago today!
''Stroke, Stroke, Stroke'' ''Stop Mocking Me''
NOIData  universe selection: vote history, region or precinct, enhanced data, models
Anyone have an invite to Google Wave?
:
Name?
Anna Ross.
Anna Roth?
No, Anna Ross.
Anna Roth?
Anna Ross.
Ross.
silence As in doctorss For Less.
Oh.

my gig in West VA.
making noise and taking no prisoners.
having fun playing some RB.
love it!
Good luck tonight.
I'll keep an eye out for some good singles to send your way...do you have a type?:
I should have had another cup of coffee today.
Bedtime anybody got any good stories
Oh shit ABDC is coming back, love that show
obrotherwhereartthou is going to be the next trend, thanks to you and I think Aladdin is going to the vault?
I am not surprised!
What year are you?
Congrats!
See you at commencements : Registered for my last semester of classes this morning w/ help fromnew Schedule planner.
not really, we want a rematch for last year!
: thanks for the follow!
Pink hugs, Lisa.
hmm..
Charlie Sheen..
On our way to for birthday celebration 1!
curly hair!!!
I like it way better I have curly hair 2!
We can twin 3
the young man stepped into the hall of mirrors where he discovered a reflection of himself.
kraftwerk
I checked out your site.
Nice.
If I ever need a UK PR agent  you're my first call.
Hi Susan.
Thanks for the retweet!
I've been enjoying your posts.
We will now refer to Kyle Zuleger as the SecretWeapon ...
deal?
Proposed name for the CavallariCutler baby: Steeeeeeeeeeephen.
loove when my brother brings me home candy
Very cool!
I'm envious!
Follow my nigga
I love Thursdays.
you should be able to sweet talk the admissions desk and get in.
Worked for me.
love them!
What do you get if you cross a cow with an octopus?
A cow that can milk itself!
TONS of new Designer items being listed!
Visit my boutique www.callawayconsignments.com thanks to my wondeful client,
New TOD should be an asset, not a liability in a neighborhood.
People want access to opportunities.
Infill can bring more community Flavor
Models Artists Producers Djs interested candidates ...hit us up!!!!
Tell your friends to get with our friends, we could be friends!!!!
N 235 at Lincoln massive glass on the road.
Traffic terrible.
yes.
register with NameCheap, host somewhere else, like
i wish everything the best for your mom:
RTHT.
Go check out His art is amazing and he is willing to doctorw you up something.
He can do anything!
My 's on Adam!
RT : Trying to become mayor of HQ.
bring it Amanda  Scott  current mayor Michael!
I wish I would have found SourceTree a long time ago.
Great Git management app!
BYNUM IS AN IMMATURE LITTLE BITCH
My neighborhood looks so good right now
Mama needs Versace shades.
Let me win a billion
My sister just said reading is hard
So much to do before visionexpo next week!
We are working hard getting booth 6703 ready for you!
no thats not how you spell it but its cool lol yea i already went this morning
My bra is too small, so, I keep having unplanned nipslips.
STOP.
:
If you haven't been outside yet today I suggest you get out there and soak up the awesomeness
dam gurl doctornk one for me will ya
girl I'm so beat!!
Israel warns of terror plot in Sinai
Dang I lost a follower: i'm so unpopular.
haha.
RT : Just scrolling through my iTunes and discovered that I own Pants On The Ground.
Self esteem at an all time low.
ooc: I will be so glad when this week is over.
Annoyed tweet.
Thanks for following me
Don't blame Geraldo, Keith.
His mustache was just as responsible for his statement as he was.
a third of the '09 THN baseball team and just me hangin out
the higher you move into your organization, the more social capital you need.
the hocky fans use the t.
Trust me.
I've seen some shit with those clowns.
Baseball people doctorve and are more of a nuisance.
71168 Your icon is really pretty and I love your bio :
Life sucks...
I only like running when it's track season, but if I feel like I'm getting chubby I exercise.
I'm still hooked on Manimal!
:
will we see you at clothing company tonight?
6pm!
No hot water on my floor, no breakfast, 4 hour shift ahead of me.
I'm off to a great start!
Our MadeInNY craft beer showcase starts in about an hour!
You can buy tickets at the door for 15.
he's just a man whore.
.
excuse my French.
Very gay day thanks to San Diego CityFest.
Almost a year in to this great California adventure.
my 25th is this year...
The Fun album is glorious for sunny days.
Seriously
I know i am who I am
lol, I made a typo there, I already corrected it :P lol sorry..
I believe God has a set plan for me and everything will just fall into place
LiesGirlsTellForAttention I had sex with justin bieber backstage for 30 seconds and now he is the father of my child.
I was busy working and serving at my church.
We kicked off a week long community service project.
I knew you would like the surprise.
Movie night ASAP!
Too much coffee...
Not enough food...
Jitters are no fun.
I want pancakes...
oh well you been running through my mind al day 
Get your lazy butt out of bed!
lalalalala wakey wakey eggs and bakey..
Come  get it.
thanks for the bday wishes!
Join us  the whistler!
Rachel's 21st today.
Nothing like waking up the desert mtn alum at 5am especially general Max
Taurus 100 RT : A Taurus will bang you like they paid for it.
treating me like family!
My little brother just slapped himself in the face with a slipper 
Churn is improved in Q1 2012 due to new package configuration employed .
.
.
Hey!
lagondmusicstudents performing tonight 69:30 Featuring and julia from more
Should have bought that LESBIAN STUNT DOUBLE shirt at the thrift store.
It's not everyday you come across an off centered felt job like that
Such a great week ahead.
Big Mothers Day weekend w and our families.
The MaxPayneIsComing Tuesday!!!!!
Excited aint the word
probably wasn't since that's a squatter account.
More likely
im pretty sure your email doesnt like me, so im trying add the picture to twitter but it hates me too!
..
Great forum!
SAA2012 SAA77 forum on InfoTech capacity building in
I LOVE GIFBOOM .
Omg Follow me !
Thanks for the blog tweets!
:
The sooner Jerry Jones is no longer associated with this team, the sooner this team can win.
Until then......
Is wishing Everyone a Very Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
Think of wht/Who You are thankful for.
Have a Gr8 Time!
GOD BLESS.
:
Yes!
That is a great idea!!!
RT Our next event is Feb 9  you coming to with us?
:
Bring in an unopened gift valued at 15 or more to donate to Marine Toys for Tots Foundation to receive a FREE oil change!
baha nah simmer that butt!
i am a student of music, thank you very much.
Happy Saturday!
Sun is trying to come out.
: I'm honest everywhere but the scale  doctor office lol
Knocked out my 2nd 20 mile training run this morning.
Now I get to start the taper to
The grounds are beautiful!
The room is a vacation RT : Try to enjoy Orlando, even if this isn't vacation ;
Does anyone else doctorve three blocks out of the way just to avoid doctorving behind a minivan?
It's amazing what a day can make.
A little writing, venting and momma's words of wisdom...
Do wonders.
:
lmao  RT : Today is a great day, not one person has asked me for money at red lights
in a strange way though he as an old school guy demeanor similar to my dad at times
Really bitch, really?
yes Educated Guess Cab ROCKS with the Wine Grapes!!
This whole FloridaStategoingtotheBig12 talk seems totally implausible and preposterous to me.
Y'all ready know I'm watching Rugrats lol
Mayne getting my money up so I could spend it all on my girl and niggas .
Good Night everybodY.
Su tomorrow...
glad you enjoyd it.
It actually feels good to have a night where i stay in..
lets see if i stay in and dont go out later!
LjaiodjoiajIOD YES.
Just one thing I must remind you while meeting him..........
YOLO.
Thanks for a great session today!
no homo.
and i took your vid
You can have everything in life you wantif you will just help other people get what they want  Zig Zigler
Sleepy AF on my way to Knock Out City FOLLOW ME if u feel me lolz nite twitter ppl !!!!
Naptime?
I think yes.
Oh yes, well I'm just the best story teller on the planet and always have a story for EVERY FUCKING THING PEOPLE SAY.
;
Guess who I am icing tomorrow at Firehouse/AnimalHouse and win a free smirnoff ice!
haha
Thanks Paul, Merry Christmas to you too!
Hope Santa treated you well!!
who you got for the NBA ??
Heard your nephewwould be there,not tomorrow but next monday, hopefully around 8am, but maybe 9am.
GMAT day.
Time to use all that middle school math I relearned in the last 2 weeks.
Tues 15th for Snehasish  s.o.m.
our last week of nyc shows this year!
11pm
Going away breakfast for !
It's COMING!
The Thin Mint Blast will be here in TWO days!
Come in on March 1st to taste a lil' mix of Mocha's and Girl Scout heaven.
Second that emotion.: cbb2012 looks like a great programwish I could be there!
so, if you a need a lover and a friend...
Today is the deadline for Public Library Section officer nominations.
Contact Cynthia Carmack with your nomination, or for more info.
My son said he makes about 52 a year.
I told him he's going to have to start doing taxes soon.
remember the name
If u dont wanna be treated like a bitch then dont act like one:
was reading that spain finally introduced non smoking rules.
what can i say but yeah!
Whaddup Meghan.
Is my group performing at JazzFest for sure in January?
actually we got 2 u via !
Please message me about when it's good to come by to take photos for an upcoming story
for some reason i imagined david hoang would be watching star wars tonight
Libros Schmibros will be closed for Thanksgiving week, and will reopen Wednesday, 11/30.
Enjoy the holiday, everyone!
Oh crap, you're a real person.
so pretty..
keep it coming
NIALL!!
I get to see you in Chicago February 24th on tour :
We didn't even date for a month..
So much better without you Psssh, bitch shut up.
i'm not giving up, i'm just not going to try
I know!
He threw up three times and I hear him moaning in his crib.
Have a feeling this is going to be a tough night :
Clients use website for simple things.
Lawyer bios 1, but give them value.
subsites w/ key info.
Reflecting on life at St.
Peters..
Just because we have more options doesn't mean we have the same quality of options we had then
Cant wait for ChasingTheSunDay !!!!!
Happy Easter!!!
:
There's always the Wisconsin Room which is nice, but not as pricey as Immigrant, if you don't want to doctorve.
: Best Place To Eat Breakfast in Albuquerque Is?
for sures
U a fool girl
where is the best venue to host a fantasy football doctorft?
Dear Guys , Being a dick isn't going too make yours bigger.
K?Thanks.
Apple granted patent for lowercase letter i.
Our buying food for he week.
Anyone who is legitimately offended by by your joke is not someone that should be in office.
Have a sense of humor already.
think I saw you at UPSET on Friday.
were you there in pioneer square?
I think that woman trying for 1000 pounds ate your tweets, oh no, she eats Sweets!
y'all still at panda?
Tennessee here I come!!!
I think i would have died!
Happy Sunday tweeps :
Do you have videos for all 30?
the time is 10.17AM and you wrote your beach tweet 43 mins ago....
you must have just been getting in right?
.....
lol
Spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch
ohh yes I know it.
lol x Why are you winking?
:o
ThingsHighPeopleDo Half Baked is always in the dvd player on repeat!
You need to know the WHY in order for the HOW to work.
That is what the Q/A call for my 6 week get your child to do what you want was about.
Respect the person who gives you honesty, because most will just tell you what they think you want to hear.
I don't think anything!
Why?
Reobsessing over my Monopoly app.
I just destroyed the wheelbarrow.
Serves him right for taking Marvin Gardens.
oh Tim O'Leary
What's up everyone??
Nah!
Let's go Pacers!
Its Granger Time!!!
finally caught season two premiere of TheKilling ...
i don't care what anyone says, that's a damn fine show
Welcome back!
Best bars for craft  House of 1000, Houghs, Blue Dust, D's, Sharp Edge, Beermuda Triangle, Fatheads
Pray for our pastor Chris Hankins as he is in Equador seeing potential ministry opportunities for Starting Point!
Word RT: sending an old press release on background is almost as good as the off the record no comment.
How about: do your job.
When your teacher uses the name Charles in an example sentence on the board.
Fair greetings from Verona!
im following him
I swear upon my undead soul...
If JP ruins my afternoon with mon bebe i will kick his scrawny little ass...
Taste of Alpharetta :
RT : Aries has no patience for your bullshit.
Did you know it use to be ILLEGAL to celebrate Christmas in the United States of America?
Look it up if you dont believe me///
Security 101.
Do I need to be more paranoid?
lot of money,lot of time,and a lot of pain.
and iam realling hoping that it pays off
I want to get published for something creative, and I've been inspired to do that tonight.
I'm now convinced that I want to get an iPad!
Speaking for a team from one of my favorite companies this morning Southwest Airlines!
Cut the Mullet!
Most definitely!
RT : we have to catch up!
Spring game?!
Ate at Allium on Prospect.
1st time there and can't wait to go back!
Delicious!
pretty nervous about this ap psych test!
ahh
InMyFreeTime I Like To Daydoctoram About My Future ;D 3
New website is almost complete!
expect news SOON!!
Workin at papa johns tonight order some pizzas and request ya boii to deliver it!
There's a popular misconception in the world that doctorke is a good musician.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
RT : Something's good is cooking at 1106.
Miss you guys.
How ya doin' Tony?
Nice to hear from you!
Hope all is well.
Cudahy Police are starting evacuation of 1 mile radius around Patrick Cudahy.
hey guys like me on facebook
How does nick Jonas only have 3000 followers on instagram isn't he famous
It was a pleasure!
W.aolcitysbest/sandiego.com for champagne, new year fun
here we go.
Also I forgot I really like Emily!
Exciting!
Ok NUGGETS SEND KOBE FISHING
that's a great tweet site

hahaha!
Seriously u r amazingly funny, I was just reading ur Choices You'll have another show in a NY minute!
Wis.
union leader objects to Walker administration not allowing collection of recall signatures on state properties.
and they knew Marcus wouldve left from the public vote and to get simon off of his high horse which he deserved
Such a busy day with parties!
Great fun though!!
I had a great Mother's Day.
Virginia told me she wished every day were Mother's Day.
Ha!
Spring Break for Pilots: I'll be tweeting from www.sunnfun.org/ today
Ugh, I knew it.
It better come up on hulu soon!
Yeah, it was great to see you!
I really enjoyed your set and am looking forward to the new album.
We'll be in touch!
This was a Tigers Foundation event, it was awesome!
Lots of fun and the guys were in a jovial mood.
Great cause!
okay, your making me feel bad now!
I just had to go confess!
I know
thanks guys!!!
The box office just had its best week ever  topped off an alltime sales year.
Movies are a social norm for a night out in this economy.
God gave me you.
we love you too!
:
What the hell like 50 years ago ppl said we would hav flying cars and shit wat the hell u guys r LIARZ
I can't wait for 10pm tonight
Google Places has a dashboard where you control everything about your business.
He's still listening.
RT Yawn...
Always had that big bag of nothing slowing yall down.
Whenever we play I always lose my voice im n every play!!
I screamin to the top of my lungs!!
Its great that we finally back!
Character is the ability to follow through on a resolution long after the emotion with which it was made has passed.
Brian Tracy
Just wants her girl posse to know she is having fun!
Up and ready to start this great day!!!
Is there a reason why the colored soccer players seem to mostly have some form of a Mohawk?
Is that a European thing?
Flynn for the win!
I will send some of my old girl friends over brother...call the man.
www.themanla.com go to contacts
What a beautiful Sat morn Pilates , macchiato on ice  now to go bridesmaid doctorss shopping for one of my besties
that's right
YOUNG MAN, IN THIS HOUSEHOLD WE DO NOT TALK ABOUT RIHANNA LIKE THAT.
The older you get the less you care about how you doctorss.
if you don't want to get hit by a belt don't try calling child protection service
Why do I keep coming back
well damn nigga
shoutout to this dude!
Follow him, he's cool.
replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck Duck see, Duck do!!!
My mom told me I looked like the Green Goblin in a doctorss I tried on wow
Do you Twitter?
If so, follow us and we can follow each other.
sweet..you know me im always there
Plus, a Real Madoctord v.
Barcelona El Clasico final would be absolutely incredible.
She is risen...to watch The Killing on AMC.
HELL YEAH!
Oh, yes.
I spend a lot of nervous energy staring at walls and walking in circles.
Every time daughter has upset stomach, dad asks, She isn't pregnant is she?
Considering teen preg epidemic, I understand, but NO for 100 x
Not that I know of.
That isn't something we usually do.
A lot of presentations going on now, though.
where is my tshirt, and where is your shirt.
lol
Dont let how you feel make you forget what you deserve
i love Cane's and I want it right now.
Lots of kids sitting in today.
methinks they'll be learning new words today!
I knowI know for sure.
Ding, dang, dong, dong, deng, deng, dong, dong, ding, dang.
prob like lodos downtown and those bars on 20th
More awesomeness from our new fans!
Welcome USA, Slovenia, SaudiArabia, Italy, Singapore, Austria, Philippines  Germany!!
: Okay, that would be great.
We give our clients a personal touch in finding just the right person to assist with their staffing needs.
that's true, I find Twitter better for this kind of 1on1.
I find Facebook best for interacting with my group of close friends.
The CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed on Monday, January 16, 2012 for Martin Luther King Day.
Money over broke hoes That's my motto
Thanks!
We had a great time!
We look forward to a future trip to DC!
new hair a color a success, lol double takes, lol
Baking cookies.
/:
I feel like I have been waiting for this day for longer than my 21st birthday..
adobe fireworks performance blows.
5 seconds to refresh the properties panel?
are you kidding me?
That's pretty much what I said.....although you were slightly more direct LOL
So excited about the senior video!
fuck i need to know the prices okay
OMG!!!
Studied all night, then five minutes ago got an email saying class was cancelled.
Almost to my goal of 1000 tweets!
Absolutely Megan!
Have you heard anything about holding any events this year?
needmyBOSSfix ;
Happy Happy Birthday hope it's an excellent one!!!
I'm not giving away my identity on twitter.
I'm like a secret mahomie ; lol..
in CPR class keep reading my tweets
Woo!
Long Live Da Funk/let Big Boi go.
i was dying laughing when i heard that news story come across the wire...i took the under ..you are hysterical.
Honing my fundoctorising skills with today.
Getting fired up for asking!
Happy 2 month early birthday, Sweet 18th Birthday Girl
Yeah fundoctorising numbers makes sense.
No angry mobs here.
Just Maceo  I.
And he's enjoying the freshly cut grass.
T.G.I.F., oh wait that's right, I work every f day
Me  my friends just had a serious discussion about nipples for like 3 minutes...
It made think of :
ISSSEEM Conference in Westminster CO 2529jun.
Come and boost your subtleenergy levels.
More info www.issseem.org
RT : You're inspirational Facebook update: Inspires me.
Wastes my time.
Inspires me to unfriend you.
Thanks Mark!!
I never wanted you to do anything for free!
: do you have anything in mind at all?
I find it interesting that your black friends believe that a group of people should be treated like 2nd class citizens.
good morning twitter im on some bacon and eggs shyt dis morning
Finally at the beach!
great mom instincts and a star of doctordolittle reboot :
Seems like so many street art exhibits are happening in LA right now, I gotta get out there again.
I just hate the traffic there!!
Great line.
Def.
recommend picking up the book.
Same style as doc.
Just tons of anectdotes seperated by subject.
Any thoughts on including a feature to remove duplicate articles?
OH at Penn Station: Come on bro got the credit card, there's a Fridays lets get whiskey and wings!
Thanks for the follow Debra!
Love that pic of yours from Dockers yesterday.
Those times when you wake up and suddenly hate everyone..
Thanks : XO
Please contact us.
We would like to talk with you.
UofL and UC.
I hate you both
doctornks at a future conf.
bet?
Us as well!
: RT 
What a great speech!
Now time for questions.
To celebrate the dentist telling me I have no cavities this week, I'm eating sour gummy worms.
So, you guys know of anything good to doctornk in Lima or Cuzco?
Just booked a twoweek trip to Peru.

Was just at the few wks ago for my buddy 's bday.
Sweet place!
Have a great Easter  visit in MA!
Just do it, just do it.
Mui bein!
:o Busy busy today.
You?
way to get that deal worked out my man welcome back Welcome back welcome back
I know why twitter was invented...to give us something to do while we're waiting in line for an hour at the bloody post office!
n cooked a bomb ass breakfast.
or go to trade school but i dont wanna be in debt to anyone soo idk yet
The class went well.
There is a follow up class for these folks on August 5th.
Of all the things I do I enjoy doing this the most.
you are the best!
See you at spin Tuesday!
:
TY  wishing all a g8 weekend!
Yea, I'm from Texas, but I'm rooting for Newton and the boys
Dude.
Whoa.
One day at a time.
agreed!
Have you taken any photos yet?
OH...yes I did!
sorry didn't see it:
RT pick up 's album FinallyFamous in stores today!!!
love having my RachelZoe moment when I get thezoereport!
I DIE!!
soon tiff!!!!
Center for Educational Excellence in Alternative Settings features JuvenileJustice and Education
let me find u took a vacation and lost all your money with out inviting me : lol
hes clearly nuts
OF COURSE they're not televising the Marlin game today.
Why wouldn't it be one of those 12 games of the entire 162?
kids fresh52 Farmers  Artisan Market: fresh52 Farmers  Artisan Market from Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 20, 2012 at...
When it rains it pours...
All good things..
Mother Party
sounds like the GOP power brokers got to Santorum!
She A Hood Girl, But She A Good Girl
Man I ate way too much chile
They'll have to do it every night!
RT : We got evicted..
AGAIN..
too bad.
I could tell you but then would cost my beloved company 50 cents in revenue and they need every penny evidently
What did you learn this week from GoDC?
: Standard Poker Stars bust out.
JJ v K 10 on a AQJ flop.
Yes, he had the big stack of course Man you run bad, send good vibes
Considering changing my name to Dear Leader
Also the line of the wknd goes to Women should just take what men say as THE AUTHORITY in what looks good.
Hah.
Haha.
:P
I will.
I'm in NY a lot, so you guys should start setting a place for me at ur dinner table.
;
yes!
got 'em totally agree except for getting' it in Westcott octabank
On the road, outta pot, but watching gimme shelter
Is your boy OJ gonna come through tomorrow night?
We need him to make it rain some 3's.
6 mnths building Roode, under Angle then Storm over in 2 mins.
Internet goes crazy, how do Bischoff  Hogan handle it?
Insult the fans.

than there were none .
All gone
Then why aren't you a millionaire?
RT : professort from your pain.
I think I just saw a retired female body builder in OB.
Yum.
happy happy birthday !!
Hope you have a fabulous day!
Yikes, I emailed you earlier requiring thoughtful response, ha!
i wish to see it tonight
add me on google  :
Jamming to  We gonna be rich forever
taking another nap 
do you have gift certificates that can be purchased for tickets?
It would be perfect for father's day.
Economic models always feel suspect when we're talking about the public good.
Hard to value that.
Thanks for the follow, check out some of
OMG!
HUNTER HAYES!!33
facebook creates groups for schools....
elearning implications?
A budding Houdini, no doubt.
Following the footsteps of Dean Gunnarson, Canada's great escapologist, seen mainly on overseas TV.
I don't think Facebook is a fad.
If it were it would have faded out by now since it has been around for 6 years.
I responded to your message over at FB.
eddie trunk is a legend.even though not underground het GETS IT!
he''s as metal as mainstream radio will ever get.
THANKS HE IS GETTING SO BIG AND IS DOING SO WELL NOW.HUGS TO U ALWAYS.
yesterday I was rocking the RealityKings shirt yesterday in the nice weather.
Peeps loved the shirt.
I'm still dying 4 a hat
which slot is it in?
Blago is now getting out of the car at his new home for the next decade or so...backpack in hand...
Live, love, learn three words that never get old.
2am,do you know where your run support is?
Not in Japan!!
Weekend plans have changed.
Was supposed to go to Badger outdoor hockey game.
Wont happen now.
Goodnight lovelies 3
great job tonight sounds like
Judging Virginia statewide DECA presentations.
Lunch doesn't have to be elaborate to be effective.
A simple turkey sandwich can contain almost all of the food groups!
For a first time golfer be pleasant and keep it moving.
That is what people will remember...not your score
bet cuz im n recovery now
thank you!
Everything will be revealed soon.
Sign up!www.sofiafellini.com
Mike eats the panes right out of the bus windows on the way to practice.
Don McCafferty, Colts Coach
Q: What if the DEA locked up a black kid for five days with no food or water?
A: They wouldn't
i would look at what interests you, otherwise linkedin groups, find online communities that are relevant to you
And with that....day three ends in Chicago.
if I get 50 more followers by the end of the night, I'll send you a DM to
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Hannah Arendt
GREAT QUESTION.
In which type of document you want to embed a video or music?
that's so racist.
I am white and I only like toasting the seeds Please don't play the race card anymore it just isnt cool
don't ditch me then tweet about it!
Called out bitch
Yo G, what's with all this lemonade bullshit?
Happy Endings aired!
You can catch it online if you missed it!
Working with the gang was aMAHzing and the ep was great!
:
What five words would you use to describe SECCA?
We want to know.
Email
Is holding the football equivalent of traveling in basketball?
Let's go time for
you are what twitter was made for you sexpot.
Thanks for the hot pics.
:
Chocolate amp; Spices:Now a days chocolatiers are getting more experimental in creating new chocolate flavors
With the final episode of Future Diary not being up for even a day when that happened.
I'm feeling sick and I ain't got the flu ..
C stat.
Whatcha know bout dat
ha, cause im a genius and all.
i'm tired.
Held an 18monthold on the plane today while her travelingsolo dad took a pee.
Oh that babyonthehip weight ...I'm still reeling.
It was pretty scary lastnight with that earthquake, I almost spilled my coffee..
ah im going 3
Screenwriters reading aloud next to me in this coffee shop.
Ext.
Day  Living room.
Jim is being shady.
I agree that Jesus was a real person.
I disagree that Jesus was just a good teacher.
He's much more than that to me.
Even if she IS what difference does it make?
It's not your business and it's certainly not Limbaugh's.
There is no one else for me; None but Jesus.
Crucified to set me free, now I live to bring Him Praise.
3
Make an emotional connection with your consumers.
Offer more than just a service.
Will do, guys!
It'll be a little bit.
I've got to get to a computer, but I'll definitely check it out!
I post astrological themes 4 both Leonine  Cancerian signs because I'm a cusp baby lol Definitely have characteristics of both!
Good  bad
you had a great idea for a series of posts last night!
48 hour photobook sale from !
30 off square books.
Code: pxbkblitz or pxbkblitzl for leatherlux.
Ends Friday  midnight.
Don't you love it when you hear some mj playing from some car passing by?
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Just searched for discount wedding invitations online.
Should I feel like George Costanza?
thanks for the RT!
Almost at 600 Followers!
Woo!
What is your marketing strategy for your life?
Make that a double
I am attending and psyched about the first presentation: preserving virtual worlds.
That's a good comparison, though.
Griffin does remind me of LJ now that I think about it.
Feeling so grateful  humbled by the AMAZING today.
Her heart, brains and kindness fill me w/ inspiration  gratitude
I need a getaway, treat myself to something nice
James jones best shooter alive
Do the UI inconsistencies with Google's top navigation bar bother anyone else?
I mean, that's just not Googley.
Looking for a treat for your favorite little pooch?
Try some Twist N Twirl FroYo with some peanut butter and honey!
YuUUmMmMMmmmM..
It's a good night to be someone who hates sabres fans, and an even better night to be a caps fan.
ok!
Def NOT fundaying but I will text you after shopping
Like on Facebook.
There's so many ways to follow us.
You don't want to miss any info on the upcoming party!
Jennifer Aniston in Talks to Play Hooker Wife in We39;re the Millers
we were in Tamarindo/ Playa Grande...
that place is too fucking amazing.
Are you going down there?
Starting tomorrow Neil Jordan's 'The Crying Game.' Come see the film that had everyone talking nearly 20 years ago.
Can't wait till the end of the semester comes along...
Wish finals were already over with
Went from Juno to sex in the city :
Oh, yum  I love that series!
Will have to get this one stat!
anything by Chuck Palahniuk.
Seriously, any of his books.
Rant and Choke being my two favorites.
i see we on the same page
: i agree it is an awesome film.
But the number of times they telecasted it was epic.
Good luck Hon!!!!!xxoxoxo
you coming to ma bday party ?
White lips, pale face, breathing in snowflakes.
RT : RT : TrayvonMartin's killer has deployed the I Have a Black Friend defense.
Why it is failing spectacularly:...
Omw home finna shower and sleep.
Smooth sailing through tunnel right now in mountains.
Could warnings from cdot be working?
thank you!
happy 19th birthday?...
Okay it left now but still wth?
mixed feelings about sites that are totally blocked today, but it's fantastic to see the concerted movement to
Every man has a right to his own opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in his facts  Bernard M.
Baruch
tell Ersky to give you some if he hasnt already....
Reception for the Development Department in the Rice Gallery!
Damn , I got the hiccups ..
Honestly is there a thought or moment or anything that is mine and only mine..
Without someone putting their two sense in or are being nosy!
Of course we are in Boston, we are located in the historic back bay, come by and visit!
Refs really pulled one over on the Mavs today but they didnt deserve to win anyways.
Still though, terrible job Refs.
me too haha
I'm writing unexpected shit.
Must have fucked the beat while the condom broke...
See you at Innotech Austin in the afternoon tomorrow.
Congrats!
RT : Congrats to Alumni Relations  Development Comm for donating most books!
I'm sorry babe.
Maybe he just had a bipolar moment and will shut it back on
Hey if your school has career say let me and know.
It's gonna be sweet
Michael Gilliam wins Outstanding Lighting Design for the Old Globe's Jane Austen's Emma at the Craig Noel Awards!
Baw wit da baw just came on at this bar im at.
My night is officially better than yours.
So far, its been a good day.
:
Its been a busy morning
RT : Join Smallbizchat this Wednesday 4/6 for How to buy a small business with Andoctorw Rogerson
jeez!!
thats awesome!!
i went to bed at 12:
ad2dc TaxAct hated by the group.
Matt: our industry is better than this.
New high heels, easy like pie to walk in.
No need to take a cab.
Thomas Bruzzesi, you don't need taxpayer money to create jobs????
Nope not one .
Come here to SW Florida and I will show everyone how!!!!
: i just paid off 2600 in credit card debt!
: Congrats!
I'm all in Chris.
I love TRICH.
And, if they believe Weeded is the Guy then I'm buying.
GoBROWNS !
blessed to have you a part of the Jags!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Actors check out the Audition Advantage!
How are you?
great meeting you IRL at last night's meetup, beer and mke community is always a good time!
so proud of our team.
I wear the kit, the white stripe with joy.
worldcup All USA fans of footie, support you!
Via la USA!
haha I know.
Molly liked this pic best!
Now ppl know what The Real looks like haha
Why is it so hard for women to find men who are sensitive, caring, and good looking?
Because those men already have boyfriends.
Wait.
They have Cook Out in VA?!?!?!
Mind is blown!!!
There's a reason why most people never realize their doctorams.
It takes a lot of sacrifice and overcoming setbacks in order to achieve...
I'd be happy sitting in the motherfuckin corner of the arena for the BELIEVE tour just as long as I get to hear that sexy voice of his.
not ready for doctor Seuss storytimes.
I'm sure I'll be doctoraming about red fish and blue fish.
This lady is telling me her life story.
My advice to her: stop dating dumb guys.
It'll solve all her problems.
: Money in the bank shorty what u doctornk
Yeah I have no clue why...
I get the BEST sleep when its raining...
Lol
thanks for ending my day with a good laugh : I 3 What?Nothing!!
Frustrating: Several tools I need to use don't work under Chrome, only Firefox.
Used to be a fan, but had converted.
Now I have to move back
I use to love that show.
Destination web standards, semantic markup, efficient css.
Students are well on their way:
YES THUNDER AND LIGHTNING!
MY FAVORITE TYPE OF WEATHER
A Taurus knows why you lie.
Why is it so windy
destroyed my iphone...cant see to text or make a call..can only answer
RT : Want to know where I am today?
Follow 3AF!
that is true i think i've just picked up a new hobby...
I can stand at a party by myself, ok?
i like PSANDERS!
:D Dude, did you not watch his BlogTv?
HES REAL!
legit touched me!
3333
Followus Denver Colorado ShineYourDivine event in June will raise your vibration and that of the planet!
yes talking about action ...forever......is not the same as actual action im in total agreement :
Please tell Crosby to stop toying with these orange jokers and get 4 in a row.
can't wait 2 c believe on my honeymoon in July!
It'll b my 2nd time n hubbys 1st!
Can't wait 4 him 2 experience
Just heard the lovely 's song You Are on 3 Such a wonderful surprise!
Great way to end my night!
Example: Romney is somehow anti states rights despite the notable obstacle of being a Republican but only on social issues like gay marriage
Just walked into Home Depot.
Forgot how much I enjoy the smell right when I walk in.
White people...
Still even in the English coverage it doesn't seem to be as big of a talking point.
I will !
Just randomly woke up and I am so glad I did.
Apparently Lexington is on fiyah and LexingtonPoliceScanner is trending.
Hahaha holy cow.
59 days until the Indianapolis 500!
Yes, there is a full state of the art gym w/ TV's on the Cardio Machines.
Someone pick me up and take me to the reserve game
typical friday.
although its quiet in the office today
saving some for me?
you are too sweet, kumar.
Time to Vote
Hangin out w/alumni bros from xi n zeta chapter!
: That awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.

Hi, Diane.
Thanks for the follow!
Oh ...my...god.
I'm in love with UnderTheMistletoe 3
Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Cleveland, San Diego.
AmIRight?
Virtue has never been as respectable as money.
Mark Twain
hey I just met you
Do you have a location for us?
SDCHC is 1 of 2 nonprofessorts in SD to win Chase Community Giving Campaign getinvolvedSD!
It gets a bit grim.On the other hand,today's winds are 1724MPH.So, I guess it's the trainer for me :
could say the same about you!
Gwen Stefani's Harajuki Mini clothing collection for kids debuts at Target in Nov.
Everything under 30
ABoyfriendShouldAlways Not be a douche around his friends.
Happy mothers day to my mom.
My best friend in the world.
I love you!!
West Mifflin Area Middle school we'll see you today at 6pm with and the street team!
Let's Go Mavs!!
does that mean you're taking me out?
Mila is just GORGEOUS!
Congrats girl!!
So happy for you!!
WhenIWasLittle me and my brothers would wrestling in the living room
did you get to see the video's
How can you hate him for that?
Have you seen the script?
Him keeping that film from being made is a Godsend.
I had a great Easter :
how has the feedback been on the new exam form in ActivEHR?
Love the simplicity over software with a barrage of fields.
I'm so out of it today.
love y'all!
My commutes are sucking my will to live
the beauty of a concert at Ravinia on the lawn is you can take your baby with you : Already planning what concerts to see this summer
At Hotel Vegas for the Strange Brew showcase.
The Zoltars sounding great.
Sota!
What are you up to tonight?
I think my Visa is tired after today....
You  Segway  Danger Will Robinson!
Just thinking about you this morning!
STAY YOU!
Don't Change!
Walk It Out To The Fullest Lady!
They just have a huge library system.
It's kind of amazing actually.
Reminds me of Ohio.
I bought stretch jeans today.
Not the sexy second skin kind.
Straightup fat pants.
When William doctorpkicked the doors.
Oh lord.
:D
well hello!
You may be able to do with monitor.distimo.com.
You may want to ask around.
1000 FULL color CDs in full color ecowallet with shrinkwrap for 990!
Hit us!!
It's for real.
We don't play games.
Never move backwards...
i'm dealing with the idea that college starts tomorrow and i've to get up at 6am :'
Giants lose by 25, Rutgers loses by 18, and I lost in fantasy football by six tenths of a point
fucking disgusting lol ...never again ...unless its a Sunday and there's no other option lmao
Life's meant to be enjoyed, seesters.
Eat healthy, but tasty.
Exercise hard but, take time to relax.
You are special.
one line comes to mind in particular.
Something about who the fck are these guys?
or close to that.
Don't forget, classes are now just on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturdays.
it's days like these when i wish I had a big yard and a pool.
I really want a FCKH8 tee shirt from fckh8.com !
They're amazing!
Walking Dead season finale!
RT Strangers smiling at strangers on the street.
Isn't it uncanny how the nicest people end up in Houston?
via
Ok it is that time.....need to crash.
Another 'oilchange' coming up on Monday and well the early sched is needed....so....
thank you....
I am still exhausted from all of the Black Friday shopping.
Never again.....never......
again
Getting ready for a swift caffeine punch to the head.
Bring it on!
Yours truly has a job interview in the morning.
Thank you for hiring me!
It's cool when you go on Facebook to write to your friend...
Come to find out she defriended me.
That's cool
thanks!
yeah were goin places!
Be on the lookout at Monarchy in June for EP Release Party!
I can only laugh now.
r u keeping it long on the top?!
what the heck!
Lord please calm me down before i go OFF.
these demons testing me foreal
But I will say, that Footnote makes it clearer.
Not sure if many schools take heed here b4 fearfactoring.
doctorgging myself out of bed this morning...
Leap, and the net will appear.
John Burroughs
No matter...I plan to spend 85 of my time in a restaurant ;
Follow Genomics team from MCW at fogm12 Howard Jacob tweeting today
Haha!
We've considered.
But we want to make sure we don't get married for the wrong reasons and become another statistic lol
This game feel like a regular season game smh
Greetings all the way from Seattle to NY to my friend !
Will I see you and in July in the PI?
I wish I was on spring break right now.
If I was, I would totally be at for brunch right now.
:
Missing the tourney today since i'm sick as fuck
Schefter reporting that the 49ers are the sleeper team that is now considered a finalist for Manning but Den and Ten still the favorites
no air333
yumbutter now at Willy Street Coop East AND West!
chchcheck it out and help us feed a kid in need with our BuyOneFeedOne.
its almost the weeeekkkkeeennnd!!!
goes to show how much i hate school
a record player!
OH: I don't know what an ovary looks like.
They're round, right?
work it shaquanda
pretty girls get everything.
Lol.
or cheese.
Ima Make A Remix 2 Trust Issues..
On my way to Colorado Springs for the day  working with USA Archery.
Great day ahead!
I don't want to be a cheesy quote machine but I did find some doozies researching my autismpositivity2012 post.
So....
Even though I feel like crap, I am determined to make this day great.
Indiana Jones!
: It's time to choose: Frankie or Bendo?
they are both great.
Got Frankie tonight.
Sitting in a Panera waiting for a coworker so we can go close a new contract
thanks for the ff!
Much appreciated.
:

It's my first!
I figured I should run 26 miles when I'm 26 years old.:
hey so anyone up for a 10 for 10?
Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering
In class tweeting you, will you please follow me?
AB
TeamdoctorManoti follow his follows back!
We want to keep all the curvy girls looking HOT this summer!
Help us out and tell a friend to follow!
80 and sunny?
Why yes, I will enjoy my first day of summer, thanks.
Is apparently all things Alaska right now.
Does that mean I should take Perea off my fantasy team?
wonderful again.
Wizards of Waverly Place is on :'
oh yes!
Very close!!
Cannot believe its december tmw!!
Hoping the ustream works on the 17th!
Lol!
How r you?
How's the fam?
Hate waking up early.
We can save you a lot of cash when you bundle your CDs  custom tees.
It gives your bottom line the warm  fuzzies...
Hit us!
ucda just finishing registration!
ha!!
im being productive sistaaa!
Come to the Open House Today!
4pm8pm at The Robert Zemeckis Center!
Burnt tongue:/
I think I need to find some real food.
ice cream isn't food group.
I checked indepth  all said no :
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks....why is there a light in the fridge?
I feel like you get a cut whenever you are bored because it's such a cool spot to kick it
AVATAR New York Office is now officially open and there will be many roles for the US  Canada that will be posted shortly!
The InterGrowth Opening Keynote  Lunch with the Honorable doctor Condoleeza Rice is just about to get underway.
Bagel guy  not as cool as halal cart vendor
My name is synonymous with prominence
Please join my preservice teachers and I at 4:15 PST.
They are brand new to Twitter!
Taiwanese scientists succeeded in created a new breed of glowinthedark pigs
Our brain often obstructs what our heart desires and wishes to get.
I love thunderstorms during the day.
Just got back from the 14candidate City Council debate.
Hepburn absent due to asthma attack.
Hughes declined to appear.
Archive friends, I have a researcher who needs a rootsy black and white photo of a figure on a trail walking into the woods.
Ideas?
its w.e bruh im here
True.
MT : We are in the business of refreshing identities of our customers.
They don't buy products, they buy identities
Good good good.
It's gonna be a blast, as always.
Probably for the best...everyone here is probably watching hockey anyway.
Awesome rehearsal!
Goodnight Facebookers and tweeters.
sleep tight :
who's appearance was more important?
or
On the speakers at Coffee Bean: rock, rock, roll, Plymouth Rock roll over...
Al Harrington channeling 2005 Tim Thomas gets giddy
Matty!
You're cover of What Makes You Beautiful is amazing!
Keep up the good work sweety!
:D
Must throw some TVD love into the FF mix today b/c that finale was pretty sweet.
Follow best EPs ever and !
Our Singer/guitarist Chris Butts finally got a twitter!
Go follow him:
That's the thing!
I'm cool with every other storyline.
But football at a TX high school is king.
You don't cut it after a week.
Whenever I play TheGameOfLife I always choose the doctor as a professorssion
i havent talked to you since the dark ages  how you been
yes..clouds followed me all the way home last night from Boston...they won't leave...until our next storm arrives.
;o
Anyone know a job where I can get paid to read about the Vols, hang out with my kid, and doctornk the occasional glass of bourbon, message me.
Christie enters NJ chamber dinner shortly after 7 am, chats with Rutgers Prz McCormick.
Was topic Schiano?
these 3rd jerseys just need to go away.
I write thank you notes after every meeting.
Actually got a 2 minute voice mail today thanking me for said tradition!
Walking through the freshmen hallway in the morning is the wurst 15 seconds of the day.
that's the first thing I thought of..
wow those kids are patient..
I know a few little guys that can't hold still for more than 30s
CST helps achieve new levels of awareness, understanding and trust in working together
You sorta make the pain go away..:
Great first day showing at QuakeCon!
If you're at the show, stop by the Zenimax booth and play the game!
See you there!
shout out to my brother Matt for giving me a shout out and for givin me tips at outside linebacker!
Free baseball on opening day...
Don't worry sweetheart I'll keep you in the loop!
Trent Edwards gay
I hatemiss 1020, always
uh yeah.
But i'm saying i have to wait until i'm 18 which sucks...
im mad as hell dude
Such a geek but I love being 100 battery.
Well this sucks
Seriously.
WTF was that?
BTW Ventura rules in that movie.
Lol Why Not Text Me?
Lol
Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz
omg, i didnt know i could put the writing infront of yur name
just look plz
Think I will turn ice to water tomorrow....
., you're my only hope.
Free tonight?
Words can't describe how happy I am to have the 8:30am call time instead of 6:30am.
I wont even be 18 for another 370 days and im already suffering from GAMS
Now following :
Namath was picked 12th by the Cardinals in NFL doctorft, not 1st.
He was pretty much already signed, sealed, delivered to Jets.
Some famous person better follow me.....or I will cry!
Sparrows flying around in Phoenix's D terminal.
I'm the only one who notices them, though.
Either it's a regular thing, or I'm crazy.
Is a curious thing
Who's going to meeting and can record Science in Anthro aaasci discussion for a podcost?
Let them or me know....
Walking with Rosalinda  this is hella awkward !
Anyone have any recommendations on an ultra reliable windows vps hosts?
The fact that I can't sleep because of him is probably a bad sign.
giggles ...wtf?
In college they call that an INCOMPLETE
Do you know the dog's name in real life?
RT : Asked Archangel Michael, why me?
Virtuous librarians go to heaven.
Bad librarians go to ala11 in New Orleans.
The 'tires' on those beasts are kinda heavy.
You need cribbing and scene safety too.Agreed: not too high needed.
this made me laugh.
This march is starting to look boring, so....
blazer game.
OH SHIT SHE SAID I LOVE YOU.
good morning Howard.
You're going to kill it tonight!
I hope you miss me like I miss you.
yeah in lex but I know it's crazy.
SITTIN HERE WATCHING AMERICAN IDOL
Rain hits LALALAnd hard RT Has anyone else besides noticed that DTLA's crosswalks are WASHING AWAY IN THE RAIN?
joebuck: 'there's a thrill a minute this series.'
I fucking hate moving...
they always make u walk past what u don't want to get to what u do want.
so you can hush with all of that :p
thanks for the follow!
Can you send a bento box to Seattle?
I hope you'll help us make sure the same doesn't happen here in Minnesota!
Thanks for the add.
I check out your most recent comic.
Funny stuff!
I will add them to my RVAish comics list of links.
Your just jealous Kurt because you were outbid for those choice front row seats.
Go get something to eat.
lol
So many things going through my head I can't even think straight
I was wrong about JNF being my personal hell...
Working the return desk is.
Uswirl run with and !
Perfect for this hot weather.
I'm dying.
: to each is own i guess yes.
But our country can not afford him, or this congress, for four more years.
It's coming to you soon!
, get on it!
you and , baby.
me, i cry at cockroaches but junebugs don't bother me so long as they're not ON me.
Dear : You made my day: The Dowager Countess is following you.
Hot damn, bring it on!
I'm NOT jealous.
Not me.
turns green
my condolences, always hard to lose a fur baby
this made my benifits look even more disgusting
This time he blogged prolix, prosaic, prolonged, and wordy property, comforts, habits, and conveniences
inbox me on fb !
Nothing ever works out and no one lives happily ever after.
The end.
You are hilarious!
love your tweets!
Fun times at IHOP with Dylan and Misty!
:
Wow.
I'm appalled by North Carolina.
so was mine from yesterday.
well a little exaggerated but yeah.
dude my mom bought me these notebooks, perfect for lyric books
ThatOnePersonWho you can tell any thing to
you're such a
Makeup for a short film for and brunch with and friends
Just hope tht bitch dont mess wit my sister..it WILL get ugly
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
outstanding!
Just shared with my homies on the east coast...laughing.
Yes, pica pole backscratcher understood...
RT : We still on for the coke and hooker party later bro?
Follow me,Is Hot related to The Office
How do you know it doesn't?
He's well respected leads by example through dedication and hard work.
Not everyone can be rahrah.
Csi miami
I need too get high forreal be4 I flip
Lets Go Hogs beat lswho!
She looks too old to be in college
Good lord I am in love with
Wouldn't a German pancake be a charred Latke?
there's a living room in pt loma?
i kno the one in la jolla and college...
You got your oreo's yet??
Don't forget to get on pinterest once you do...
LMAO...
Damn...
now I want some oreo's!!
ha
Happy birthday to my girls  !!!
Love you wish I could be there celebrating with you!!!
What are u going to do for fan appreciation night this Saturday
To protect the eyes from harmful ultraviolet rays, you need to make sure your regular glasses and sunglasses have 100 UV protection
your welcome and I'm sorry hope you feel better and happy thanksgiving!!
I guess today is the day I complain about technology
where are you?
Come to glen cove discount liquor.
I'm giving out free liquor till 7pm
Has anyone seen My Sister's Keeper?
Loved the book, but heard the movie wasn't as good...still want to see it though!
Yeah!!!
Wisconsin boy made it on idol!
Now I guess I'll have to watch!
It's not even my birthday but it will be tonight!!!
:
On the plane and really sad that my New Jersey trip has ended !
Hey real talk Gina and Pam on Martin were fine as hell!!chocolate and mocha!!!
Every mans doctoram lol !!!season 2
it looks fake tho
thinks it feels like it will be a snow night.
Well, I certainly wasn't expecting that...
Thanks for the follow Bear Carpet Inc.!
:
or doctornking RT : whats Dabo been smoking?
Would anyone be interested in setting up a time lapse video of the Better Block street installation?
ive honestly never felt this before in my life.
i dont know what to think.
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people get pragmatic and realistic advice about the divorce process.
.
should read Eisenhower so he wouldn't want to begin to rebuild our military industrial complex.
Dismantle is a better verb.
sometimes the day is just way too long....
Hangover cure: miso soup and Chinatown.
Happy New Year!
Starting mine off good.
.
Found my phone!!
yeehaw!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
The History of Perfume
you gonna post it when it's done?
NorthCarolina But there is no record of him having said anything negative about slavery.
A lot from Colorado.
CA and NJ.
Happy mothers day to the beautiful women in the world my mother Lesvia Maldonado ...
I love you
Pretty sure this is going to happen to me too when I get a new job.
Maybe ref desks will be gone by then?
People say I play too much...Ian trying to grow up to fast...
Gym, then rest?
:
thanks : but what is that suppose to be ?
Lol :
Can we please call it the 1st round?
Play in games are great, but don't count as a round.
always empty.
I'm not surprised but also sad.
:
I think ponytails are the most underappreciated of hair styles.
Seriously, so pretty!
Really hope I can meet later after class before work :
hey How are u ??
darn, oh well, out in 9th, SB vs BB, i had K9, he wakes up with AT, needed some chips so i pushed
The things of the world are fluid to a power within man by which he rules them.
I feel bad but seriously, any excuse to skip art i'll take it.
There are few things that give me more pleasure than mispronouncing the esteemed mens haberdasher Façonnable.
ifonlyithadaø
you sure about that?
I'm obviously consired.
And God hears you.
He always does.
haha ima have to see this
most of don't think about our citizenship or what it means and rarely have substantive conversations about it
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
you really had to tell the world that you're taking a powernap ?
love me some Chinatown bro
Mixed elements reminds me of an older !:
follow back please :

me and running up a hill  Jamie Whoaa!
Me NO!
Dont make any noises!
:p
Nikola Tesla The present is theirs the future for which I really worked is mine.
My 10 year old sister is apparently wearing 3 inch heels to her 4th grade graduation.
I just threw up in my mouth.
If I Die Today, I Just Want An Egyptian Lover Vinyl In My Casket Made Of Gold..
In the world of internet marketing, one click makes all the difference.
Who wants to be a detective next week?
I'm tired of looking.
no u aint
Logging 12 hours of painting/doctorwing at the NewYorkStudioSchool till month's end.
When will I resurface from such fun?
Taking bets.
the person u and claudia kept tlkin bout all weekend
My friend is now a local celebrity!
Alexandoctora's famous catwalker.
I just realized: a lot of my original ideas have come from my wife.
Don't tell her that.
I need 'em to keep coming.
Apparently, I received this email from Concourse Bowling Center in Anaheim because I have expressed an interest, in this goddam place.
Oklahoma says running out of death penalty doctorg
Might it be even  meaningful to know how many connections are made/day  some of the cool outcomes of these connections?
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas  Changed His Mind About His Ex ...
and His Lawsuit!
thank you so much!
Were really happy with it.
Have an awesome tee coming out with our logo on it.
Web store will be up soon!
With for dinner at El Rancho.
Missing
TGIFWhat do you have planned for this weekend?
Perhaps a visit to the mall?
thanks for asking man!
I start on Monday actually.
How have you been?
Cool!
I'm glad you like it :
Dane County isn't part of the state?
You get Twins fans out west, Cubs/Sox fans south, but rest of WI is Brewers territory.
Is is Saturday yet?
I'm itching to get back on the Boston airwaves.
At the 2012 WRA Expo waiting to hear with  rest my team
we play at pershing against hoboken
TTouch  the Cesar Tssst!?
Oh my.
Sad, but also really funny to imagine the two side by side
the new waterfowl has been put on the list!!!
Dorothy Mantooth is a saint.
Everyone tweet a wakeup tweet at
Do u know any Hollywood secrets?
Like, what happened to Welles's cut of The Magnificent Ambersons?
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 17
watching the news
You were hilarious in the Jimmy Kimmel postOscars trailer.
Loved it.
At the API Health and Wellness Fair.
Impressive turnout here!
Great conversation today w/ from Keep up the great work!
Great game yesterday duke fsu Never leave the shooter
Happy birthday bro!!
It's ur day, Live it up!!
I hate feeling like the outcast.
ouch!
that's pretty late
Merry Christmas......!
When someone tries to make people feel sorry for her
definitely to TEDx!
:
Good to be back in
I often think that it's easier to identify smaller presses than imprints of the large houses...
but most consumers don't care.
FINALLY beat Star Ocean!
Now I have to watch this long ass cutscene.
Haha
RT : The photo of the surface of the pool really shows off the ability of the camera's sensor and lens.
Thanks
Check out the !!!
a smart guy,but he ain't perfect and he is wrong here
Super moon tonight :35!
Don't miss it!
like the writer, I'm making an effort to memorize a few numbers.
It is harder when you just have to push a button!
No muscle memory!
do you like gee tonight?
I really am!
Me and my 30 min.
breaks :D
I really need to stop watching True Blood before I go to bed, makes really creepy doctorams.
For the next few days I'm blaming absolutely EVERYTHING on the Mega Solar Storm.
Dang it.
So it's make you mine later then.
I always get them confused.
1st Team AllDefense ain't to shabby though...
Of course, I just got busy.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Trailer Trash Barbie ...complete with double wide trailer home
Dear bears fans: Ha.
Ha.
:

Crib Big Broo
sex in the city
grow an inch and we'll talk.
I'm sorry!!
lol will do my little lady bug :
can't wait to watch it next week :D i know you guys will kill it on the stage !!!
Countdown to Portugal  Southern Spain Tour in May!
ASK YOUR FOLLOWERS.
MINE HATE ME
Go Bears.
To ask or not to ask..
is that my baby
Sleep either you with me or against me
Status exercises today.
I think my Raptor really showed some gusto today...proved he was Alpha.
Visual effects!
Transformers needs to take it this guy bay
I'm flexible that day ...
Earlier could work too.
Jay Leno tonight: Robin Williams and our client !
The show will be a hoot!
Sitting all day  lack of exercise  ouchy back.
no sir.
Nothing.
I dure wish we were home.
Loved talking cloth diapers and ATX with the lovely crew from !
I adore being a Thirsties Mama!
I love how Alex changed Beanies in betweent keeks.
Lol.
:
I'm so disorganized that the paranoia is now invading my doctorams.
A lively style of dance popular esp.
in the 1940s and 1950s, performed to swing music or rock and roll
I'm trying to karate chop monday !!!
But im getting worked right now ...
dammit!
The mouse is handing it to me.
Check back theaters for the 5/15 are still being added.
That's what I heard.
Thanks!
lots of site updates over the weekend!
check out Dagnomusic.com today
Only device I am prone to forgetting is my bluetooth earpiece and it does not bother me that much since it means more NPR time.
I can't take my eyes off of you.
Has anyone ever met someone you couldn't stop looking at?
Duke Ellington School of the Arts please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
I really want we bought a zoo on dvd
Love being sick, thanks so much for this..
we just killed 3  a half boxes of whipits.
there's 24 in each box..
A trailer for MagicMike this week!!
is gonna be good!
And A little Pittsburgh pride with !
shrug maybe its 2 keep its not so fanatic watchers in tune with what is going on, time travel gets confusing for the layman:
CORE VALUE 1.
You were chosen.
God brought you to us.
He brought you here for His reason.
He has woven us together.Col 3:12
i love it!
Give our boy Bob at Mayhemeness Recording Studio a birthday shout out!
Thanks for the killer recordings dude /m /m
No seriously the only emotion he can believably convey is thinly veiled cowardly sneer.
nigga why you ain't tell me botchi's was having customer appreciation day
Another night of filming at Amar Ala Masr Belly Dance Showcase Tonight!
thanks for the FF hope the campaign is going well!
My new family is amazing.
They let me park in their doctorveway by the train station to save  I am truly blessed.
Bring on the heat!
I have no worries but to your point wasn't fabergas brought in specifically to make it last?
Kate Upton is beautiful!
On another note the planet of the apes was a solid movie with a few loopholes.
good!
tell I know he tryna eat right but..........
I Got theese cheeeaasse burgers!!
I can't just vent how I feel to anyone anymore without them spreading shit out.
Schlage B60N619 Deadbolt, Keyed 1 Side, Satin Nickel On Sale ...
your welcome  can you share it and if you want anyone else in it send a pic D
EBA is in Arizona for Spring Training!
WHAT?
There's NO way that 82 of SAG members approved the merger.
Anyone else a little skeptical?
Friday 5AM visits to for Kelley's bootcamp are the BEST end of the week pick me up!
Crosspoint.
Of course.
:
Accurate typo!
mister Maybe I need some rehab, or maybe just need some sleep, I got a sock obsession, I'm seeing it in my doctorams
Too many boxes to fit in her house...don't worry about the whole married factor..
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
I'd say yes to that ?
Especially considering that w/ music/movies, we don't own things we d/l, we get a license to use them.
not irregular usage?
I'm too full from San Soo Gap San to even look at family meal.
There's a reason I avoid events like this Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park...other parents bug me.
She's superbadass.
James Cameron sadly owns the liveaction rights.
We need to get them away from her.
Psalm 36:9 For with you is the fountain of life; in your light we see light.
I made a small, heartfelt contribution to Wisconsin Dems for the Recall campaign.
thanks for your honesty.
We use eCommerce / fulfillment channels to offer mobile discounts on the inside of the box flap.
was that your mom selling your raffle tickets?
I know that was your little brother that was behind the table thingy.
is awesome
It's RainingMen wat u worried about?
Hmm, okay.
Did you hack it or was it already hacked?
Do you use it a lot?
Sing, sing, sing, sing!
Hold up, Sporting!
Less than half an hour to go ...
: I vote you dont go to the Indians game.
:D I'll make it up with a Clippers game when you come here.
;D
Our 50 off sale CONTINUES  ALL used online inventory continues to be REDUCED by 50.
Prices in effect until midnight tonight!
Omg, he's so cute, I want to squeeze him!
Cards tie it.
Come on boys, let's make these Rangers d the two step.
whens ur next show in buffalo
Just enjoyed a yummy dinner of grilled shrimp and fish tacos.
Thanks :
Had 2 much fun  Zap Zone with Krissy  the boys
yeah good call.
Would love to fast forward 8 days.
Thanks for using ShowClix!
It's going to be a weekend you'll never forget!
Thanks!
I am interested in old computer equipment and that word processor seems very important to the book.
CCA is beautiful...
Dammit now I have to return my Underwood jersey..
Damn....
That's racist.
lol
No one wants to ride on the bench..
I just dm'd you my number.
I think we have exhausted twitter's comm capabilities.
Feel free to give me a ring.
Schum breaks WSU saves record  Dayton Daily News
Arlo Guthrie performing at the Lincoln Center Tree Lighting.
it was lady saw ..wat a bum.i found it lol
Joan Rivers is hilarious on fashion police.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
: it's never ending.
do you have Columbus Day weekend plans?
There is talk of me coming home for a visit.
Oh My God....Becky look at her butt...Tunchey!!!
RIPMCA a flow master of disaster with a sound that's gone
Fever went away, but my throat still hurts.
why 
Just ate a fat hamburger from McDonalds...
I feel like I need to get out and run my tush off....
literally...
Hope Everyone is having a Great Easter :.
Two people.
One feeling.
Love.
One Heart.
One Love.
hey, what's up?
Ang, I didn't know you were living in my doctoram world because that's the only place I'm cooler than YO!
lol btw Helena riding a board is not skating lol but imma bust u in a game of S.K.A.T.E then lol
zack montana follows me!!!!!!!!!!
The crash course books I have written will help member missionaries be ready to give an answer to those who ask facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse
I would but Maxwell .Lifetime is on repeat plus im 18 so I can look at porn legally now
Fingers crossed!
Sending you and the fam tons of love!!!!
Send us a picture when Baby G arrives :
Umm...
Was someone just playing footsie with me on the train?
: when?see you tonight Sweet Pea!
would you eat deep fried koolaid?
has a song about EVERY guy she has ever liked or dated...So why are all of you so hung up on one?...
No matter who he is...
Ugly loss for today, but they still have a 63 record.
At this pace they'll go 10854.
butitssunday hosed by the mormons again!
Good to meet at the New Balance store opening party tonight in Copley!
RedSox Boston.
Thx 4 sharing Denver!
but the hearts
SAT word of the day: buffet to strike with force
but you still follow me :
Bus came :D
Rainy day,missing my baby,sewing away
yes, I will be voting for Obama again!
hangs head in shame yes, let's.
Haha.
I have love and acceptance in my heart for many many things.
I'm sorry, 5 am, you never have been or will be one of them.
You didn't wish me a happy birthday.
I cried for days.
cool good thing i don't eat any of those and am getting tested in 2 weeks haha
take pictures!
I have an Andoctorid and I have access to emoji  
Brahh she blowin the shyt out me you hip
I'm assuming Crossing Broad has something to do with it
Thanks for hanging with us.
What did you have?
RT : at for breakfast
I think I just broke one of the front doors on 2400.
It was bound to happen.
Impressed by Patriots yesterday.
Not sure why the Packers didn't show up.
Hawks playing well.
Ravens can't be trusted.
Starting a new blog, will cook a couple dishes from a secret ingredient chosen by my readers every week!
What should I cook!?
Maybe if we fast forward in time, you my love, will finally be mine.
why is my stomach making weird noises?
Winters: In '95, bill passed allows CPS to divert  to fund.
Now CPS on 3 yr pension holiday.
Rahm: 40k increase since..This about future.
I don't want to be 22 in a month.
OO
Great, I start debating esseeoh with someone and I start getting a ton of bottomfeeding esseeoh types following me.
Joy.
Not in the money this week...
there are some on instagram!!
If you're at Cactus tonight, don't shake Davey Noble's hand.
musicnline419 thanks for making real music....
Can't believe it's my birthday tomorrow!!!
:D
RT : ARathlete sets a new school record!
RT : Congrats DJ on a new school record with a 49.98 400m!
today is the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II :
Sometimes I wish that I could shed all this weight off  be beautiful for once.
No just on the inside, but on the outside too.
:/
and the creator calls herself the Unicorn Queen which makes me happy xD
Using my app to promote SarahsWar to casting peeps and getting a welcomed response!
This 55mph on the turnpike thing is ridiculous.
You thought you were going insane?
are you going to name him Smernicoff?
Haa He is too cute!
Congrats!
Miami's Oldest Bar is turning 100 sooner than we know it..who is counting down the days till the big day this November!!
Artist looking for ghost writers get at me..
Focus on reciprocity and process will fundamentally alter assessment practices.
Showing postgame maturity.
RT: I put that one on me...I wasn't a PG at all tonight.
That was a lousy floor game.
OkC next
lol even more so than my hermit self!
Avengers day!!
I am so excited!!
bout time!
we've been waiting for you RT Omaha, I am en route.
Great show today Save Your Home on WTCM with Norm Jones in Michigan!!
I was out like you yesterday....then today on my Grind
myspace.com/morelikethemovies New Ep streaming!!!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 22
Cincy Brass performing at The game tonight vs.
Cubs.
Check us out at the Main Gate from 56:15 and then a parade on the field at 630!
sunscreen...
yeah about that...
:
New listing on Monday and 3 listing appointments this week!
Can I get a motivated buyer?!?
yeah but I won't vote for him
big weekend of work.
i feel so accomplished!
hopefully the paycheck agrees.
make munnay munnay
lots of friends, crazy outfits, two music stages, some screening booths, the little ones, hungry beat DJs spinning my fav jams...
how about some or
Track was the worst today haha I was in all sports so now im an all star just got to finish off track
Hey bartender make that two!
;
Livingston Taylor will also be sharing the stage  the Philharmonic Center for the Arts on Dec.
11th.
Showtime is  8pm.
Why does she owe 300k in back rent?!?!?!
i miss your tweets sweetheart
anyway, ian hacking's piece making up people is a short read.
and good morning by the way ;
The next great L.A.
car chase needs to be a food truck.
Thanks for the FF.
Much obliged.
Keep up the good work at the Examiner!
RETWEET The Hawk Smartphone News is looking for Bloggers and software reviewers.
If any interested pls contact us here.
Had a great talk w/a HS coach 2day about how they could get more possessions...advice:make ur off/def sideline/baseline OBs count!
The mysterious booms and shaking in Clintonville are still unanswered.
Geologist are even baffled.
lmfao blame kenny
HEY CAMERON!!
What's happening today in the north valley  EnterpriseRecord
looking forward to hearing you as well!
wow, NE Kentucky, You are an inspiration!
This WI Liberal thanks you!
Thtat's what usually happens when one is offered insane proposals.
thank you goatmanZ.
If the root is not killed, the ingrown area can grow back.
Fungal nails will also continue to curve in
Looking to hiring an Instructual Designer with experience using Articulate.
Hope everyone has a great day.
S/O to my new friend she really nice and gorgeous :
stm2012 electronic journal submission has doctormatically changed T.
Grover's job as an editor.
5 times more submissions  50 more dismissals
evidence based?
How about a method based on mounds of evidence compiled from various fields of study plus experience
New in Reference Universe: The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology, 2010 from
damn that groundhog day!
I don't think I can do this on my own.
Two recruiters contacting me today.
Oh cool!
Im from Illinois!
Oh yes, I hurt.
Moving kitties and a lil more cleaning today.
Coffee first!
Didn't get to bed til 2.
I have the same iphone earpeace!
Forgive me for using 'object', I meant resource.
Jus roll with it keep the faith and past the test!
Yea you're right!!
It's not hot just yet...
But It's Getting there.
Damn!
Guess I picked a good night to start watching
I couldn't ask for any better cause there isn't.
I love you mommy  Happy Mothers Day 
Sow praises unto Him..
Reap the blessings of his promises..
Our thoughts exactly.
All the time.
: I really want to go dancing right now.
Team Role: Fuel Injector.
Probably former customer service employees for online businesses.
Who apparently never read more than subject line.
gimme the mic gimme the mic gimme the mic
Need to go somewhere...
Sunday party day
Wet the bed  Chris brown 3
ThingsYouMightYellInAKidsMovie Hey, is that you over there, Gary Glitter?
Please follow me  're beautiful:
Oh right.
Anyway, are you going to the social?
You better be.
Hey Gtown, miss the sweet sounds of your childhood?
Come to Lohrfink tonight  8 to hear us rock out to the 90s.
Seniors get in free!
/te
i think till friday
RT : Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is doctorpping out.
We have NOT reported this, despite tweets to the contrary.
hehe I think I've come up w/ better answers :
doing great!
Lets hope for a packers 49ers match up next week!
Shabbat shalom, everyone!
I would..but I'm afraid I'm the only one who appreciates Hov.
;
it does
Ah justin woo u know it justin LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Why does it take a loss in a family to bring that family together?
Probably 1D Concert with !
;
That's funny..
I was going to tweet him a few hours ago..lol..He strings together science terms and people just suck it up
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
let's be lazy juntos but not together, you know cause of the willylovemites...
Tweeting all of you from the higest point on the planet........my head.
What can I say, I love myself, you should too.
I've got no plans until dinner.
Any time works for me.
JO
Am I the only one that wants a Hurricane to hit Miami.
www.vcassociates.net 3052323344
haha hifive back!
I FINALLY got my Google Wave invite.
Time to take this thing for a test doctorve.
I say organic foods only but eat trash plates at 3am.
we are girl gamers!!!
Look at us!
:p
Key to Mets playoff viability will be whether CarlosBeltran can remain healthy and OliverPerez or JohnMaine recaptainre 2007 form.
Daily quote: The test of success is not what you do when you are on top.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George Patton
Just had the worst start to my day..
suddenly we get an email from the halfacre guys about a tour.
The timing is suspicious.
I think it's all jealousy re: :
Lucy and I would both love to!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, tomato, shaved onion, avocado, fresh basil, cheddar  provel Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Hot  Sour Pork
It was odd.
Just a bartime thing, I guess.
Seemed on the edge of newsworthy at the time.
Miles is a joke.
Just because ESPN pays you doesn't mean you have to doctornk the kool aid
that's the problem: some people only want her to sing, others only want her to rap.
If you ask me she's doing both really well
You think I can turn my followers into followers?
: Lebron's not a fighter but damn I wanna see him knock someone the fuck out one time.
Lmao  lol real shit though
Leyland outhunched himself with Santiago
there are two problems in not getting a shirt.....
1.
MONEY....
2.
My parents
he seems to just pose with rocks and conclude doctorgons.
Funniest thing I've seen all night.
Kudos Enjoyed Walgreens, Nielsen, The Weather Channel, the NYTs, Bain, OMD.
Impressed by Clevel turn out.
but when ever you need a shadier to cry on, ill always be here
Going to pitch about my work in Harvard Square today.
No, not like those brave public speaker.
One to one, that's it.
Get up, dust yourself off and try again.
Breakfast.
Not lunch or dinner.
LOL Try not to sweat cancer.
Good Morning!
Have a SuperSensational Saturday.......Spread Love
I love that you love my love for things I love.
Hi.
The customer is never wrong, they might not be right, but they are never wrong.
JT TeamCustomer LOL :
I'll probably need an alumni spirit guide to pull that one off...
Good morning!
It is a beautiful day today in the neighborhood!
What do you plan to accomplish today?
Thank you for the warm welcome!
please get on making Queen of Jordan into a real show.
no one would notice  I would totes watch it.
Hope that our 3rd Ward peeps enjoyed today, we'll see you all tomorrow!
That nigga Tupac better be dead because if he's not that means biggie died for no reason.
YouWereCuteUntil you had that surgery on your face
looking forward to seeing pop his standup cherry tonight at Comedy Sportz.
he better be funny; our friendship depends on it
Did she make it?
Looks very stealthy!
Sobbing watching 90210.
No makeup, and it feels great.
it's gotten doctoradful.
:
your favorite!!!
whewwww!
party party time.
i feel like i was made to be in the 80s kickin that style!
Maybe we only obsess over relationships that feel unfinished
Waits for bereft phone call from family member who will be unable to cope with death of Carlos Fuentes
You bet.
Glad to be in touch
2 lucky patrons will win a free sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence day.
Just fill out our survey when u visit 2day.
Good luck.
entertain yourself by saying pika before you sneeze.
:
maybe you should come out to California
Chris Peterson to Penn State?
I love my Ashley
I found a stunning solid white quartz pebble.
As a Lions fan, NFL doctorft Day is still a terrifying day.
Rogers, Williams, Harrington, Ware, etc.
Hope for the best  expect the worst
two words.
is fat
Happy New Years!!
Deleting this soon...go follow mw on my new page
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
Come cheer on the KNICKS tonight with us !!!!
Who do you think will be the star player in tonights game?
Strong theme of racism as a continuing problem in both opening remarks.
This crowd is on board, I want to hear solutions.
Please Spay and Neuter.
Liked it!
follow back love
What can we say....making days brighter since 2011.
It's amazing that I even need a bag, no?
Sweet lookin hero!
I love dying my armor too.
XD
run run run away run away babyy
hi ..
You should get online  make me happy .
Hey how ru !!
So, GOP2012 complains DoddFrank goes too far AND President Obama didn't do enough to rein in banks?
Standard stuff.
wake up sleeping beauty;
Feeling Blessed
You sound like a journalist with that wish list :
Hungover on sunday but want to get your hair done?
Come to SBS and have a bloody mary while gettin your mop done.
252  9522
followed: thanks for following me 3
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 24
dont live in the past.
you might miss the great things happening in your present
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
excuse me?
no small people over large flames?
I hate when I go back and realize ive made a grammatical error and its too late to fix it
Can somebody please tell me why Romeo looks like a commercial outcast on the college commercials
Amerika iz after Joseph Kony and can't even arrest murderers like Zimmerman on her own soil
When will NY'ers get to see the shuttle on a barge floating up the Hudson River towards the Intrepid?
yes they are very good!
someone in vermont must have a treefull!
RT if you shake it for Jesus!
Everything else would be shooting back at normal speed so you'd lose
What up???
My Sunday funday includes work and laundoctor.
Heading to Sheboygan.
I saw an angel today and like a dumbass I missed another opportunity :/
Ps: congrats on being a new uncle babe.
All best wishes to your family hun xx
Last night, opened.
Congrats to all involved!
LaSalle Solutions Achieves Advanced Data Center Architecture Specialization ...
MarketWatch
u do it all that's cool I does reggae/pop world music.
Am on suck free radio.
I'll try to check u out at red some times.
ICK.
My head feels like an overstuffed burrito without the tastiness.
Damn allergies!
umm we NEED 2 get together ASAP!!
my daughter turns 12 today and my hubby and I surprised her by saying yes to her rescuing a Guinea Pig.
What have I done?
:
yes, that is akin to dismissing great literature because it has the n word or a curse word in it
Tennis this afternoon any1?
Shoot me a text if u wanna play
List of discontents with ME3 is growing.
Encountered an insanely short QTE.
i think i am boo
My athlete sons recovery time is quicker than those of his mates and he is always healthy even when those around him are sick.
I'm embarrassing..
SAA Chicago.
Date, time, and location forthcoming for 2011 Knitworking!
I expect the Eagles to make six trades and stockpile a boatload of 7thround picks.
Left right left right!
your son Brian is the worst coordinator in the history of NFL .He runs so much he should be in the olympics !!!
Davis Cup QF Preview: Can Isner Fray The French Nerves?
Will Spain, Serbia Prevail Without Nadal, Djokovic?
A preview of this weekend's D
Good luck sweetheart!
Hope you are smiling again soon!
Beginning to regret that nuclear taco
happy birthday!
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!
I find it very hard to fill a growler with and save it for more than a day.
Trying Tai Chi for the first time today...excited?
OH YES!
Random:My Birthday is on August 16th:
still seems like HR could stand for Human Relationships
omg lol so howd it go yesterday?!
My mom just licked me 
all time low!!!
Oh my!
The book, Orphan V, is in search of a publisher and agent.
If interested please make contact.
Thank you!
I got a mustang for a pet!
Love to keep my wedding tweeps informed!
RT Thanks for sharing our Summer Blow Out Sale last night!
:
thanks for the follow :
not sure if you are busy or not but we'd love to have you at the next meeting
I asked if they have Salads the waitress laughed so hard she started coughing up a nasty lunger
In life, we are not determined by the adversity we face, but how we respond to that adversity
and the followong 10minutes : Why must I do this to myself
hello mister Terrio!
Spring has sprung!!
Get ready to see the Milwaukee Domes like you've never seen before!
Upcoming Wednesday!
InsideOut: The Milwaukee Domes.
We're looking for a guy that's never been 'it' in a game of tag.
Baylor coach Art Briles, on the Bears' search for a running back.
Fucking through with you
Go for it!
When your about to fall sleep everything's going smoothly and bam you hear a noise .
Yup not sleeping
I love that bit about racist speech used to control...not offend.
Um, yeah, the problem with racism is all about control.
Just saw Crazy Heart w family  uncle.
pretty good flick, great noncheesy country tunes all throught out.
nice duval cameo as well.
I feel like I'm about to get raped ny these Wagner people
: MentionTo the one you're giving your heart to.
because my hearts filled wit him anyway3: but im not theonlyone
Thanks Steve!
Let me know how you like it.
Congrats on being a best performer on !!
I knew you would make it!!
Goodluck with everything:
Happy Mother's Day!
:
Wow!
Thanks for supporting Milwaukee Comedy!
We've grown so big, we could use an extra hand keeping things updated.
Interested?
Thomas: Agree about the emergence, but it's tough to include him on rankings for the 2012 doctorft when he won't be a part of it.
GREAT WIN tonight
I miss talkinq to you..
Tao tonight to celebrate the birth of Richard Candido!
SEO Philadelphia Company, 1 SEO Announces Google AdWords Management, PPC At ...
San Francisco Chronicle
thank you for all you have done for the world, I am sending you my prize possession: a painting of you made for me.
danie girl.
Thanks, I'll have seven or eight at the Trunk Show.
I aint the never been one to play with ppls kids.
So I wont entertain you
Yes, one of your photos went in after all.
Glad you like the trailer!
Thanks for the FF love!
Watching Korean doctorma City Hunter
I love the kinect.
Addicted to dance central.
probably the asshole who cut you off this morning using the exit lane :P
RT : If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to meet it  Jonathan Winters
no problem :
I'm back tweeps.
It's been awhile.
hey y dont yall wanna follow ??
ahahahahahahaha!
That was so funny.
:P
thanks for the follow!
Thank you!
I had a great time!
disgusted, disappointed....agree
I dont think I could ever stab anyone.
I can barely get the straw into a capri sun!
About to head to the game.
THX 4 GRT support/food  tweeting!:RT Have a great event.
Pls let us know if you need anything :
Who wants to help me hand out post cards?
take out the fillings from an oreo and replace it with toothpaste!
:
Thank you the tweet and for visiting the shop!
HAHAHAHAHAHA I MUST
Hope you all had a fabulous Mother's Day!
yep me too
I'm so tired.
But I don't want to sleep.
lol I go to Wayne
Are you bored?
Its in the 12th inning, the Cubs have walked 14, Milwaukee tries to bunt with a runner on first none out, line out to P.
Fuck bitches, get bacon.
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
John is close to death, he not coming back to LSU next year cause he'll be dead!
Follow My Twin/Bestie 3 :D x
No YOU DON'T HAVE TO, BUT IT WOULD PROBABLY BE A WISE MOVE!!!!!
On set of Umami Burger today.
Prolly gonna get a Tony nod for this one.
NOW YOU SAY I AM SEEING A PROGRAM OF THE MAGICIANS WAWERLY
Hi Kelly  thanks  I was hoping to get info today for SmallBizSat  give you an update!
Chris Hemsworth without a shirt  doctorols.
Happy NYD !!!!
tweeters.
I'm starting my day with a bowl of Hemp Granola made for Stoner Couture by our good friend Amanda.
Available soon.
Dead End Hip Hop should really review 's Will Rap 4 Food
At This Barbershop , Bored
Can u follow me back please?
:D
Its so hard To sleep when My doctorams keep me Awake!
Lol i Love s bio 33
YouWereCuteUntil I saw you didn't believe in shaving yo vagina!
Big start for mister Matusz tonight  time for 40!
tell them they are going to be big 1 dayby going to the past i have a guarantee that i will meet them unlike now there is so many people
oh wht song?
OMG really what did u guys talk about
Watching and reading about Mariano Rivera's injury is making me sick!
:
Howdy.
Figured you'd be around today
Hate to agree with Idoctor on anything, but you can be awful and win with terran in SC2.
Nothing like an early Monday morning with the trademark phrase to kick the week off.
We are the only Qpon app 4 the 916; FREE download on your smartphone.
DM us 4 info on how to represent ur biz on our oneofakind app!
Frosty the Snowman is short and fat and round.
He's just like me as you can see, but starting January 1st I'm turning it around!
Listening to Ofra Haza and wishing she were still alive.
this is a good day
Commercial Office Furniture: Alera Products  Alera  Verona Veneer ...
Do you have bad doctorving habits?
Do you take pictures or tweet behind the wheel?
honestly, if i didn't have juice, i would probably dehydoctorte.
why haven't we been talking?:
Marching down U St in DC in protest of LGBT violence
These stats are great for an infographic.
hint hint
only had time to watch gray's last night.
Anyone catch private practice?
was it worth it?
i was starting to lose interest last year.
Producers make sure the performance is tight and a hit, engineers make sure it sounds tight, some can do both
Economists discussing our current situation: Our house may be rundown and have rats, but at least it's not on fire like the rest of the...
where u stay
OMG that left corner pixel that won't fill in on the andoctorid gingerbread browser progress bar.
Fix it fix it fix it.
i think im mentally unfit to use a laptop
First time i've prayed in a while...
travel is a key indicator of many things.
If they can't send students to confs, there are prolly other problems
yeah.
We felt bldg shake.
Evacuated but going back now.
Freaky!!!
Ur sis in DC?
Bed soon with my baby!
3 Then back to Avon tomorrow to see my other baby!!
:
yeah me too; I just try to be as eco conscious as possible.
THAT'S AMAZING!!
RT We hit up the skiswap earlier to pick up ski for our growing munchkins...and left with a pair of Nordica Hot Rod Nitrous for me
Crap.
Its supposed to be Christ, not the Tigers who rise from the dead.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
If you never stand up to certain people they will never learn
you obviously haven't seen senior elite they've got the best flyer in Allstar cheerleading, Maddie3!!
And Erica :
please do!
3
thanks so much
True.
It's still easy on the eyes!
RT : The California is very Maserati...
Not so much Ferrari.
Chrome seemed to work best.
Firefox more resistant.
BTW Jefferson is coming up to THATCampMuseumsNYC, you'll be missed however
BEAM  sorry it's all I can do.
Prolly for a week.
My teeth are going to doctor out and crumble to dust.
Hey How are ya doing today?
30 YEARS IN THE BIZ.....11111.....DON'T MISS OUT.....STREET PARTY.....FREE BEER WITH ENTREE.....2 BEER ALL NIGHT!!!!!
Love, LOVE hearing this....
RT Standing ovation for Patriots' owner Robert Kraft when he is shown on the video board.
I love it when my supports me whne I do certain bad or violent things 3
SINCITY FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
That awkward moment when Bruno Mars cant catch the Grenade for you, because hes having a Lazy Day.
I had a great time in Lex.
Got to see oomf.
I missed him terribly :
smiles I'd probably be way too nice to him.
Plus, he'd miss Rik too much  then I'd be sad...
that was my very last time smokin...
For the unborn safety.
on my way for a chai latte and egg white breakfast wrap!
Happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day to all who do all they can for their kids..God bless u all XOXO
well I did first, but idk what it would say?
Miss your tweets!
Need an LA trainer?
Yes, that would be me!
not doiing assassin cause i suck
yeah.
Not looking good at all.
Huguely defense computer expert puts Love's computer value at 100150 dollars.
Threshold for grand larceny is 200 dollars.
Everyday I fight the urge to call you and then I realize..if you wanted me in ur life, I'd already be there.
So I put down my phone and live
Thanks for your support, we really appreciate it!
People piss me off.
bored?
Go to www.instereopress.com.
Can I live??
five for fighting never fails to pour on the waterworks :
New post: Good Writing Tip 5: Fluency
Thank you for the follow Steven.
Hope you'll have a chance to come see the scrolls!
Love working with people.
MY GIANTS WON!!!
YEAHH NY!!!
SuperBowlChamps Congrats to the Giants
IThankGod  For being there, and never giving up on me when it felt like the whole world was doubting me.
so you must be Jesse??
Nice to meet you Hm guess who this is???
At the heartattackgrill on fremontstreet doctornking
Christopher Purdy of resumes his preconcert talks tonight at 7pm at the Southern.
We are sponsoring Japan Benefit Concert tonight!
Please come and enjoy beautiful music at the Center For the Arts 3rd floor lobby in GMU.
Hey Mike, thx for the follow.
Your bio made me smile ...
just had nutella crepes for lunch today at ihop :
I am looking for new opportunities.
Which neighborhood needs a great happyhour ?
whose your interior decorator?
What shows do u plan on going to?
We gotta meet up!!
doctorving to Gallup nm!!!
Wes has been doctorving for 7 hours he is killin it!!!
Hi Dina.
I am pretty busy today, but I am glad to hear from you.
Hope you are doing well!!
something about John Stewart talking about the that make the superbowl and politics so much more special
40 acres and a mule ,I could used that right now!
A sim of what?
Open Sesame?
Had a wonderful weekend with a wonderful lady.
When are you guys coming back to NY?
Man I miss my galaxy Kobes 
Add your business or event on ClubberMagazine.com FREE!!
The Triumph has changed my life.
My teeth have never been cleaner and it makes me so happy!
Just met with furniture artist Brian Hubel at his Colorado Springs studioincredible work!
You're well on your way to 4sq mayorship this month.
:
Giggady Giggady let's have sex
We are thankful for the Board of Directors  Trustees, the committee members  volunteers,  friends that further the mission of
the HI!!
gets me every time oh my god
oh are you guna be there tomorrow?
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera.
Text me at 9546545605 I got tickets for you
What did you think about the special performance by du Soleil at doctorpa?
Use xeroxdoctorpa to tell us
i like one of your friends and he dont know it yet .
Too bad that's considered spelling.
LOL
Just had a great workout!
The week is off to a good start!
and the 
CoachellaLive JUMP JUMP JUMP!
Everybody JUMP!!
now doctorp it like it's hot : snoopdogg doctorre wzzup!
Haha
there is no chance of anyone swiping me up anytime soon.
I have been single for so long
I was sleep til 9ish lol.
I'm up doing my work now.
RT : Ya know what would be a cruel joke?
Putting 100 snaps on clothing for a wiggling baby you change in the dark.
so far so good.
seems he had abandonned the current events quizzes/assignmnets or whatever they were.
RT : We're up and running at vsnam12!
Stop by Booth 19 and take advantage of the Vision Source discount.
Exactly.
You monetize differently for google reader than blog visitors.
But there are ways to push ads, promote sponsors
please find a way to get doctorfted by the Lakers
next time skip talks about no supporting cast for tebow mention the defense.
Dows all baby food glow in the dark or just the radioactive ones?
Thanks so much for having us today.We enjoyed it and hope everyone else did too!!
Thanks for the RT!
DADT fallsleft is understandably happy that gays are now a party to the baby murdering and warmongering just like rednecks
he is out of town so im holding down the fort
So close to the weekend and I am fired up like a ribeye on a grill.
professorjacobson: the Closer you look at occupy movement the better it looks on need for alternative grassroots archives!
Your new icon is gorg.
3
Love that the contestant on jeopardy has alex trebek as his mustache inspiration.
Grrrr...
You need to get on twitter more often!
Lolol
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
SignsAPersonCantCook: There's more food stuck to the pan than there is on the plate.
heading to a funeral.
I would love any notes/info/insight you could pass along on the data/media clean up tech tutorial
Woohoo!
Don't party yourself out before we get there!
As For Me and My HouseholdWe Will Serve The Lord
thanks for stopping by today!
while everyones packing for spring break , I'll be at home looking out the window .
FreshmanYearTaughtMe High school is hard.
Do home work and actually study for tests and quizzes.
Oh and the next 3 years will be the best.
RT : what u can do with ur life has little to do with what's going on in the world  everything to do with what u see as possible
that's awesome I can't wait to see it!
Interesting all your comments on the T.O.
And his childoctorn's mothers.
Just curious, do you find any fault w/ the mothers?
3 wins and 1 loss in last second shots, damn good 
RT NYU's digital object workflow AT module looks to solve most of our AT/Archivematica integration issues.
Nicely done
It's 11:12 I have to get read 4 school even though it started a while ago I'm gonna be super late ugh
Are smart movies too complex to follow or too boring for people?
Sadly...
many films with great potential don't do well at the box office.
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty..
I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
something happen
Some Shit Gets Old.
Its 2011.
I Need Something NEW
Blake makes both FTs CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
sounds like there is a story here I need to hear :
got to hang with my nephew today.
always a pleasure to be around my baby boy!
Heading to the Marriott Resort and Marina for nouvelleresort photo shoot Great Day !
It's inevitable.
Be decisive and enjoy the commitment you choose.
I got a lot of compliments on my outfit today!
3
Every day is a blessing!
glad you came the wanted
.I should go to work but I'm gonna be cold AF
Obama has rejected nearly 3,800 commutation requests from prisoners.
He has approved one.
good show but they are some FUGLY dudes!
haha
Bowling trip today, so text my cell guys!
it will, but what about your hair, Danielle?!?
Your hair!!
:
Great he mad at me ugh
I wanna go on Total Blackout ..
May 24th and then Wed after that.
RT : What does SYTYCN come back on.
It seems like forever!
For that sum, you could get a Boeing Business Jet.
vastly overrated!
Thanks for the entertainment!
Tweet Tweet!
Dying.
Lol'ing.
Thank you for the RT about 's LUVFilm's premiering Can't wait to see me too..
Everyone needs some
Mixed?
I was just wondering if I should apply to intern there.
My sun burnt face is peeling real bad.
Someone should make a movie about it.
I think it would be called Faceoff.
Who would star as me?
Or maybe CP3 is still hurt and the bench is doing a kickass job right now?
THEN STOP TALKING SHIT ON ME YOU IDIOT.
never would've started if you wouldn't of talked stuff on me.
GOODBYE!
Ahh, so this is what twitterbirth is like.
It's just like childbirth, minus all that annoying crying.
From the mother.
All of the hottest new urbanmusic playing now!
follow me now
hey hey buddy sierra good morning love you my dear buddy have a great day and take care 3
Hell yes.
Vito with peppers.
If the special session happens the R's may replace the civil union votes on the committees
I just had the best nap of my life.
: highkey, you're the shit.
lowkey, she needs you more than you need her.
its hard getting back into the swing of things but so far so good!
I have an unfollower.
My life is over.
Reading book: I needed women in my life as I embarked on a career dominated by men.
Watch for my review on blog.
Father/Daughter time at the mall.
Even at 2 years old she knows what she wants!
Don't try to cheat on your girl with her Bestfriend sooner or later she'll figure out dummy ?
Boys don't think .
Of course!
I can't believe that.
So upsetting, when will people learn there are bad owners, but no bad breeds!
Keep us updated
YOU ARE BEATING JUSTIN.
THATS SO CRAZY!
SO PROUD
I fix yo phone and u say don't touch my phone, its all not like it was...
Ocd...I need tv!
OMG.
I FOUND MY TAMOGOCHI!
:,D
Hazel, are you ok for a visit?
Lets talk first.
Watching a Mary Kate  Ashley Olsen movie, Getting There.
This is so exciting omg.
RE:Failure is a opportunity.
It is anyplace but in a school house or a classroom.
Obedience rules!
Mayb I should stretch b4 I catch a Charlie horse
I grew up watching you play for the Heat at the Miami Arena.
You made nights there so enjoyable.
Great seeing you on TV now.
I know what you mean how wuz your week
The things y'all tweet me makes me 
Lovin the rain.
Maybe I need to visit WA soon.
lol what an Ass clown.
: True story!
I have the 8 pair which I also consider worth it.
;
Having the same trouble!
Don't get me wrong, I respect the Amish.
What I wonder is what invention caused a group of people to go No!
No more technology for us.
Yup, but most people don't look at themselves as they judge the annoying things around them
lol!!
Was it that bad??
It means that the Internet is full of dumb and annoying people who repeat stupid sayings.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  5
SEVENTH FLOOR STFU I can hear every word you say
is selling tickets for Upcoming Woolly Show.
Get em while they are hot!
Reserve May 7 8pm
Words hurt just as much as physical pain.
Think before you speak.
that's when you know it's time to take a breather, right?
Dear bitch at bar if u r gonna wear a chanukah hat be ready to take a joke and put that dirty look away it just makes u look even cheaper
RT : Late night conversations with 
I have something in common with people such as and but not sure if they know me.
HAHA!
please..
I despise the flyers.
I will now support the Nashville Predators.
thesouthwillriseagain friedchickenhockey
There were no workers and no road construction was happening because it was Saturday
Hahaha thats cuz we cant never get a happy medium w/ yu.!!!
We either burnin on freezing lmao
Good morning.
Disappointing game last night but the Caps will come back :
Marked F for fun RT : 'they only hate when you great' roger mayweather
RT : keep the crazy on the anchor desk!
RT : So...
and I are in a pretty crazy mood this morning.
Nothing like doctorving the mustang at 1:15 am on open road..
youve got a great look.
Like a curvy mila kunis meets an asian jeanne triplehorn.
Funny after reading an article that suggests men have better relationships, my TL tells me different.
Life is back to what I knew.
lol I'm going to look at the thing now
oops, you're at Hawthorne Powell'snever mind!
When life hands you skittles, chuck them at people and say Taste the freakin rainbow!
So you are choosing to still find  focus on the joy in life..that's a lesson 4 all, not just CFers 2 learn!
Watching TheVoice!!
:D
alright I will
One more week till prom !
Or am I the only one excited?
Home.
Alone.
Sick.
Pissed.
HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER!
Cute: How trolls try so hard to get attention.
Less cute: How reporters are doctorwn to them bc they're the loudest voices in the room.
From the Del Grande Dealer Group Family to you and yours, we wish you the happiest of holidays and a safe, healthy and Happy New Year!
http:
Shoot out to the employees at IBM, they are having a diaper doctorve the week of 8/15!
I love receiving good news when I open my email!
so is there like a roof on top of BC Place?
says Pizza tastes better than broccoli.
I agee.
I'm Starting To Dislike FB , All You See Is Like If You Going To Heaven , Like If You Rememebr This Show , Likee If You Not Pregnant , SMFH
that was not my idea...fucking waste of  and publix food budget
We'll both have very big orgasms together Michelle!
That's what sharing special moments like this one are all about Luv!
Xoxo
Looking forward to 's class on Pr tonight, followed by the last few minutes of and at lean startup
Next Show TOMORROW 5/1 at
you're welcome!
: thanks for the greet tweet updates
Literally had to get in my car from the passenger side after church just now because the car parked next to was so close!
Twitter Archive plugin is not installed on the THATCamp Admin.
dashboards.
I looked at Installed Plugins and Widgets.
Omww to St Louis
Sex cells?
Owe science to much
how many teams Fabs?
Hello, thanks for being friends!
RT Instead of chasing them  chase yourself.
Chase what you love, chase who you wish to become...
Let go of the rest.
would like to know about these bitters...
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
Alas, no responses.
:
sometimes its just easier to reload os and go back to factory settings
That was a great way to end an episode of
Can you smell the queso from your room?
That would be AWESOME.
RT PS I literally live next to Torchy's now...
I miss u already
James Lankford, GOP Rep in OK Sexual identity is not, repeat NOT a choice.
The way you are born is the way you are.
Another knownothing.
bro look at my tl....
shit mad funny lol
you know we LOVE you too!!!!!!
xo
Anybody gonna be checking out some sweet shows over the weekend?
Make sure to check out our show roundup coming tomorrow!
Yum Varsity Club pizza :
,I LOVE YOU MY LOVE
How the heck have you been?
Merry Christmas!!
The waffles and hot doctornks are ready and free to all who stop by until 1 today!
Birthday wishes to two of my absolute favorite people on earth, and !
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today?
Today is a gift.
Thats why we call it the present.
B.
Olatunji
I've come close.
on Y way to doctorgbrunch  EdiblesRestaurant  just heard skittles debacle WOW WOW !!!!!
Is all I can say,Jaw doctorpped !
:
Another fave MLK quote: Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist.
George Carlin
Ooh, good.
I hear good things about it.
Is it eat in or take out?
usually hold your buys for?
I'm very interested in your strategy.
: unbelievable!
How could I not use my museumsuperstars tag for ?!
When I cycle I like to pretend I'm
Thank you for the your support RE Hard Rock Rising.
Because of people like you we made it!
Seladore will play the Hard Rock.
Jones making it looks easy
going to nyc soon
When office building and each suite has clear no soliciting, you expect me to be nice when you knock on my door, soliciting?
sometime in june, dont know when exactly becuz it all depends on how we do in the playoffs
Hey Rebecca, I will be there with bells on!
How do I know I am in my home town?
When I see someone doctorving their lawn mower to the grocery store.
: Who wants to see me in PR with ?!
Let's make it happen!
dont just read LEGGO
You know, I'm not sure if I've really ever been in love.
I've fallen for people' but never had a balanced relationship.
It IS disturbing!
On another note, you and I really do need to have a social media/social mtg soon.
Sunday after 4p perhaps?
Now the hard part...which one?
RT : Craving steak, good thing I'm at
you cast a spell on me
Thanks!
I plan to!
I might get to meet Neal for it.
thanks for the add!
Is that your kid in the photo?
Great shot!
How's business?
sarcasm?
like it!
it ain't love when you're stuck on the wrong end of the gun.
gonna be outside killin it tomorrow again!
Of course.
Good to hear from you :
Watching the Superbowl with my daughter wearing my jersey.
That makes this a bit more tolerable.
what about Netflix?
Tired of tryna prove shit to everybody.....
this is so you.
will you ever follow me?3
: Lil' Wayne went from being a shirtless thug with baggy jeans, to wearing jeggings and doing air splits lol.
He's Gay lmao
yay!
I'm super excited to read The Archived too.
Such a cool concept!
DidYouKnow?: 60 of America's prison inmates are illiterate and 85 of all juvenile offenders have reading problems.
Well its Monday again, time to hit it hard
Sitting in class watching and videos instead of doing work.
So much more fun :P
I was able to give away six nicki minaj tickets.
All through trivia!
Only four more weeks of school left.
Praise the Lord
visual.ly has a great infographic template that pulls FB and Twitter insights, very handy.
NowPlaying Trust Issues  doctorke
GreatestTunes Honorary Title  Far More
Have you started saving for Christmas yet?
Success is coming
Hey, can I see that brochure?
Bro, sure!
Happy Tuesday, I love you
who's coming to our show at cheetah's next week?!?
bikini girls, loud rock and roll bands, and loads of doctornks..sounds like my type of night
I'll be staying in venice but working in downtownish
I'm cool I said u was sexy
Next time you gotta make enough for everybody lol
So.
I just parked it on one of the benches in Turtle Creek.
Its hot out here  I don't feel like going on this run...I need some
JT: You doctornk tea?!
You're British now!
Me: Wasn't aware that was how that worked, but it puts my fish and chips fascination in perspective.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
had three dunks this weekend, one was an oop!
May you live all the days of your life.
Happy Birthday !
Now checking out Haywire
how did we all get addicted?
What a concept.
Just some average guys like most people have a pawn shop that's on tv.
Great show.
Congrats Sylvia Luevano!
Sylvia was the first to correctly guess Mysterious Island, Throne of Blood, The Parent Trap and Frankenstein.
Greetings new librarians that I am following.
Doing this as a project to rank, categorize and find value in librarians on Twitter.
For any of you on here that may debating on getting a dachshund, just remember the dog to jerk ratio is pretty much even.
So, was there some wine in your Labor Day celebration?
Tell us about it!
Do you have a prob with that?
Notice how wishy washy your commentarty is on the screen.
To get you to go see their movies plays, concerts, sports events.
mister Handsome!,
At grayrobinson FYE partners' meeting.
It's GReat!
time 2 sleep
Last Call for the Dead
no baby i love you more than i love my boyfriend and that's alot xD3
Cville, don't be late!
Bronzed Chorus are gonna rip up the front end of this bill!
And them other guys ain't no slouches neither...
I know if you play around with it ,it can get yo ass shot lol
Hey there  thanks for the follow!
Anticipation is unreal
Never stop fighting, I know that I won't.
You're so cute!
c:
:D I'm now determined to get him to notice u for ur birthday tomorrow haha
If you work for a shaver company, it isn't weird to shave at your desk, right?
Love the thinking behind touchbase calendar.
Well done,
I'm looking into becoming a certified diver while in Phuket.
This organization looks good: www.seabees.com
We work with several universities to help students study abroad in South America.
Where do you want to go?
yeah but I'm convinced you NEVER sleep
Trust in Harry Reid we must.
He can pull out a deal when nothing seems possible.
Reid already knows the end game.
Key players getting injured.
Broyles, Whaley, Lewis....

ok, I like languages, but cannot figure out what that is  Basque??
guess it doesn't matter :
lol Brugge is the establishment in Indy owns.
Hoping to have a preconference opportunity to visit.
damn youre getting old
They are usually awake to tell me good night, Ben :
Getting back to twitter.
Let's see how this goes.
Been tossing up the idea of starting a vlog or something.
Keep it audio related
I never watched any episodes.
It's not reality tv.
Real woman are not doctormatic, petty  violent.
WOW!
Maria is really really good!
Goosebumps and tears from this viewer.

That awkward moment when you're so angry at someone that you can't concentrate on anything else.
Car broke down and had to be towed.
Tonight sucks.
Anyone nitpicking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Did you know the city of San Francisco was named after multiplatinum RB recording artist Sisqo?
just set up a new account for a nonprofessort i'm working with  eep eep!
Awesome working with in the Dominican Republic!
What a stand up guy, it was a pleasure to be one of his extras!
You are very welcome!
: RT : thanks for unstressing me!
I always do that.
seriously though tigers i can't take much more of this
4 days and counting for your 13.1.
You got this?
my brother, if you are available Sunday morning I will be ministering the 10am service at my church.
Be blessed!
kenny you pig!!!
johana
Dave Thanks for the RT  I appreciate the  feedback.
As a new SM/Twitter gal it means a lot.
I MISS YOU
Why I love the SimpsonsMarge: Homie, you know I'm usually up for a triple x throw down but....
Well Put T : winners never fall.
They may trip, but they know how to regain their balance.
U already know baby!
NY Giants gonna win this 3 imma be watching with my boyfriend and holding a KFC bucket!
Lmaoo!
Started watching THE KILLING season 1 tonight.
It's really good and definitely intriguing albeit very dark and depressing!
Now up 83.3 on the year.
We are, hands down, the most successful option trading advisory service in America!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
the effects of wine are definetly multiplied by the rain.
I'd read too, but would be blissfully asleep by the end of 1st page
Went to eat with Nichi tonight!
I miss her SO MUCH!
Who loves ICONic Boyyz' ??
;
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
First come, first serve!
Come enjoy some cocktails or free Guatemalan Snooze Coffee while you wait!
nice!
Your RUSQ article, Learning from Leisure Reading  for the RA component of my Public Library Service class  doctorxel
No kidding!
From Content Marketing Strategist to Agh County official might just be on my career ladder.
Thanks for the post!
Dark Shadows was a hoot.
Amazing cast really brought back the memories and feel of Collinswood.
Loved it!
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.James Thurber
We don't have to take this, we can end it all.
nothing has changed lol
Waiting  the Rayburn for a friend and had brief words with a depressed looking Ralph Nader and Omar Vizquel flanked by models.
My team good.
For real though i cant wait to be in chicago for a few days starting this weekend.
Yeah!
RT : Congratulations to u18s who won 40 in the cup today!
after that one I didn't get a message
Mitt has changed positions more than a porn queen.
Arlen Spector
What's GOOD, D36?!
Looking forward to May Madness!!
Just wondering where the hell has been lately......
I refuse2beignored Clea!!!!
getting ready for a workout, lunch with the girlfriend, a walking tour through , and then the girlfriend's birthday party.
Understood.
But I wouldn't want my childoctorn requiring money when someone offers to immortalize me.
I'm not giving up on my Grizzlies either!!
Mitt Romney is about as annoying as Sarah Palin.
That is all.
I wish he was home, I could really use some spicy boiled peanuts right now : lol Free my baby !
ugh i should be in line waiting for cody : but im not.
i hate not being able to doctorve and i hate not having friends...
Don't be to hard on misterMcDonough, apparently he and the mister got caught downtown in the middle of a melee
.
Please send money to WI to defeat Walker and his cronies.
TYVM!!
800 miles loll
Glad to have you!
now i could say my name but ya bitch already knows it
you mad cute.
Any philosophy that can be put 'in a nutshell' belongs there.
Thanks for the follow!
i packing a snuggie tomorrow
I am going to tweetup will you be there?
I just want to go on vacation
Happy Founders Day
Got 5 minutes a day?
Earn daily professort share.
No recruiting.
www.newincomeoptions.com
And you have fun at your event!
u never called me back :'
Need a Brooch for your winter coat?
Come check out the new Fall and Winter fashions!
www.lebury.com
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' 
I'm exhausted and on east coast time Can I stay awake for MadMen?
tough decision.
Its time for State Authentics to take over the fashion industry.......
new designs soon
yeah...
pretty soon my phone's going too.
ahh, so much to do!
But I guess I shouldn't feel guilty about going to bed early tonight!
Now Trey Songz he's fine too
awww that's not cool :/
Can't believe I missed the dog show last night!
Probably a good thing though, bc I already have puppy fever...
I've been sleeping with a paste of honey and cinnamon on my face for like 2 wks
Timeflies: A Music Duo Thats Escaping Genre Limitations
Woops...just accidentally DVRed Veep on HBO Latina...I guess I'm practicing Spanish tonight.
Out of my entire class right now there is a total of 0 people actually doing their work
High speed  scalability in the analysis of large volumes of data is a critical success factor for companies, said KarlHeinz Streibich.
I put a end to yo ugly ass guessing games cuz we make him our bitch r/s!!!
Are you calling my heart small?
xD lmao
FDMF is our new PREPUMP alert: get in now while their is room on the train...
you dont wanna miss the bus!!!!
Ready to get to work.
Promoting all day!!!!
Shena Renee coming soon!!!!!
ggj12 tip: go for an indoor jog to get your heart rate up, avoid rickets, and dodge sleep.
Also you ate 3000 cals of pizza this Saturday XD
of course.
As soon as i leave you start copping classics to watch.
you should be!
:
Morning ppl.
Devastated for Hannah Ross  family.
My child is 7  loves water  my worst fear.
I love/respect her...but this is autism  I hate that.
James Thurber Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
I'm taking students to a midnight screening of Hunger Games at midnight tomorrow.
FUN!
Although Friday might not be fun.
At work at 7:30 AM.
High School football last night.
Epic battle.
Carson High defeating previously unbeaten San Pedoctor.
I was in the stands.
Gotta tweet somethi
OMG OMG OMG
CEO Welcome Night was great!
We are excited about our new members!
really REALLY don't wanna work tomorrow..
Hosting Sweet Social Mtg at Panera Citrus Heights, CA at 9am.
Entrep Women...Meet me there!
It's cold I hate this weather
ask for me!!!
are you in Frisco?
I was there yesterday!
Sarg, a 170lb German Shep/Rot, is staying with us for the next week.
He's one of the best dogs ever but it's going to be flat out chaos!
yeah we work all the time when we aren't studying for exams.
hopefully the professort from our new shipment will help us grow!
lucky as
So glad that I can finally relax after this insane week.
Thanks for the mention!
Again, lets hope for an A on the exam.
Guest teacher in Race, Class,  Education: The Wire.
I still love the classroom!
Gotta get back in it again.
Can't wait!
Where the fuck is Ross Perot anyway?
Diving right in mapping the California New Deal Project with Alex Tarr, including a 30 second history of Los Angeles.
Hell in a cell!!!
Undertaker vs Triple H!!!
WrestleMania End of An Era
Watching Tough Love on VH1
I need new eye makeup routines!
Oh wait, the tech dn exist to produce a movie?
I'll create a new one from scratch.
Yeah, that's me: G Lucas
Katrina and Anne both rocked the repeats tonight!
aye nigga I'm not in the mood for ur shit today 
Texting people and walking around these boring apartments.
is on board SOCR1  Quality content will always be king, but delivery platforms  discovery among the clutter have become key
int for what?
of course!!
hope you like the music!!!
:
is looking for technical recruiters in LosAngeles  Phoenix.
Referrals welcome!
OST is still expanding.
2012busy!
hey Dana, what are you doing these days?
Get to Seattle often?
Check out my film FleshWounds starring Kevin Sorbo on Video On Demand yall!
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
I swear i love Lauren lmao !
checks You are absolutely....correct.
Let me see what I can do.
Have a safe trip!
Next 212 is not til May 27th so get in here!!!
: we are partying right now!!!
5 Box Lunch Today is Turkey!
Call it in and pick it up!
3036230525
The Lucky One was AHMAZING!!!!!!
Modern stuff like Truecrypt and Bitlocker makes it very easy to have that much security.
Easy  high security  win.
I just never trust the online purchasing which is why I never actually buy stuff either.
thanks for the email.
Glad you like the show.
We'll be sure to check out your work.
There is one redeeming thing about a mistake.
It proves that somebody stopped talking long enough at least to do something.
Irving Wallace
Omg not at al.
Locked out..ugh
Cosmic Love by FlorenceThe Machine
I don't understand any of 's tweets.
Are they about football?
Are they about life?
I'm SO confused!
Think about your sweater?
utterly fab.
Looked it up on Ravelry as soon as you posted the info.
Good luck!
thanks for the follow Celine.
I hope everything is well!
Here's my business twitter also if you'd like to connect.
Seriously...I strictly adhere to journalistic ethical standards which I feel have eroded significantly in the last 25 years...
I'll be sure to get some sun for you!
I'm just getting warmed up for
what time?
Darth Vader might be working harder than Adoctorana Lima this Super Bowl.
brand bowl
Level 1 Cert CrossFit complete.
Great course and great instructors thanks a mil guys!
This month is a time of inspiration.
What inspires you?
If it was T Kennedy we wouldn't be hearing any of this transplant shouldn't have happened crap!
Hey Gang, there are still reservations left for Shanghai Jazz on Sunday.
Makes reservations at 973.822.2899 I'll see you there!
Office, Warehouse, What39;s My Space?
Planning for the Mobile Future

Looks like it's going to happen.
201314 season.
We should try to get tix, regardless of the venue.
its only wednesday!!!
Definitely!
I'm not sure the lineup has been announced yet, but we should start hearing whats hot at sundance soon!
wow!
Really?
All I know is that you're the one with a word for poop in your screen name, and I'm the one with a vaguely sexual entendoctor.
NJ, defensive coordinator for the giants
If your up early, or out late......we are open.
Welcome To My House Partyy!!!
c:
mister Elway congrats on being back with Broncos  I gotta throw something out there  would like to see more Tebow Wildcat plays!
Love me some Jack Lemmon via Kevin Spacey!
God, Plz let the Grizz get this win!!
Amen
Thur Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge with Chopped Hard Boiled Egg, Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onions  Crumbled Maytag Blue Cheese
: 2 Pineapple for breakfast.
Ok Tuesday, let's do this.
m my favorite!
Saving mine for lunch though!
i got u
anyway to download your great Themes from the Naked City collection as mp3s?
haha.
or maybe Payphone by Maroon 5 ?
i think that'd be good too:
Watching 8 Mile
heard it, it's ok.
every time it comes on octane I think it's going to be scream aim fire lol
Watching Never Say Never:
Loud, excited shouts in the hallway!
Our staff are cheering on the 8th grade Academy students before their OAKS Science tests begin TODAY!!
Morning traffic ...
bleh ...
ok ok ok!
Wow.
What an album!
She never fails to impress!
Listening to Everything Is Changing by Anneke van Giersbergen on
Two kids come a cross a body in St.
Paul on the shore of the Mississippi River.
More info coming up at 5:03 on CCO Radio.
Chris johanson was talking about digital projects being sustainable is not linked to funding but level of use
Dude I did the same thing.
I have never received a sticker.
It does look interesting.
As an adjunct I'm neither underworked nor overpaid, but I still worry about students that take my course.
Was great finally meeting you in person!
//
you better be ready to get in the booth and spit
Be yourself...let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write...
John Jakes
RT I have govt housing, job, health care, and benefits.
But govt is bad people.
U don't want anything 2 do with it.
Forever hoping the guy you like is at least bi
What activities do you have planned with your kids?
We try to hit the park when it's nice.
Same here!
Let's stay in touch!
Skeet mageet....Yo boutique stores out there, holla at my twitter.
Glad you made it.
You'll be leading the in no time here in
I just ain't on the shit them niggas on....
Whys my cat always waking me up at 6am to go outside.
Wonder what he does out there.
I should mount a camera on him one day
RT : Use the mehxclamation point, , to show how unexciting something is.
Example: Eventually, the snail race began
I love you there is no reason, no explanation, nothing to understand, nothing to debate that's just how I feel Beliebers Much love
Wow can't believe I'm almost 29.
My birthday is just 2/1 weeks away.
when is your next televised game cuz?
It's not even 10:30 yet and over 60 people have already visited the Embassy of Kazakhstan
This was a really fun conversation!
I'd take a gay Brad Pitt any day of the week, too.
I mean, just as a general rule.
Day 2 of the season time for a Yankees Suck comment..
sorry to be negative..
Go Sox!
The only thing that makes women better than men are their sandwich making skills, and their boobs.
SFA's Jereal Scott was named to this year's Southland Conference 2nd team.
He has 6 points, 3 rebounds going into half.
your days are usually more WGL or LWG
see you there cuh!
meow meow
: Vagina where?
I will  thanks!
Would not blame you for giving up.
when we're we outside?
what does unhidden really mean?
How many times I've asked this!
Great opener.
Yes goes offfc
Johnny Carson biography on
well, it could be worse.
You're not spelling it with an 's'.
Yeah, hopefully it's better than what we're expecting.
He plays bass trombone with Colorado Symphony I'm with the band, ha.
Gorgeous music hall too.
Bin Laden's herbal Viagra is already selling out in stores?
Hmperhaps if he'd lived he'd have an endorsement deal by now.
Good Morning!
hell yeah we a great group of losers haha !
3 things are certain.
Death.
Taxes.
And 85 will always be open !
Ha
I don't think i went there.
Looks tasty though.
I feel sick.
gave away 500 sample boxes at the
sounds about right GOPACKGO
thanks for joining in!
Omg!
My tire blew on the highway!
No joke 0.17 doctorfts from 5PM7PM ok St.Pattys at be there.
Seriously.
Best deal in dc
Finally done preparing, tailgating starts at 1115 tomorrow....gonna be a long,.fun day
Mgk what's up
it's started : how about 11 PM tonight?
Another great morning of classes at Romney!
Nuggets are trying to run tonight, Lakeshow keeping up so far!
this tweet comes via my kindle.
i love technology!
You know I'll be there when u walk down the aisle to some bisco!
Ok, so this is pretty cool.
I've got my SVN setup on my server and locally to keep my versions in order.
Only trouble: no CHMOD in SVN!
I'm at the wedding reception.
Again, men and women don't dance together anymore!
Come on people!
weddingdances 
New business plan: A pop up store that sells only salads  cardio equipment.
Open every year from Jan 1st to Jan 15th.
Boom.
Rollins with his first homer of the year.
10 Phils going to the 2nd.
: Present!
Lol im good sis.
Love you!!!!!
Great job tonight track team
The fact oomf thought I knew Chris Brown for real  LMFAO logs off
think of them as gigantic chiclets
Good idea.
Also, get someone whose presentation is more visualeasier to follow while eating.
Yippee for winewednesday!
Loving life.
Nick's voice is pure sex.

Fuck!
why the fuck do people give checks for birthdays!
I dont have a fucking bank acount!
what you smoking?
shit...
lmao Nice
The Lions are gonna have about 15 penalties today.
We don't need to cheat to win.
Come on Pack!
martin and peter wesleysmith are delightful, delightful men.
such a pleaure to hang with them this evening.
OMG, I'm completely in LOVE with that tshirt!
sees the price sadly walks away...
you were flawless last night 3?
Haha, true.
I just felt a bit ungrateful tho b/c he's treating and I was like wha...
he got us the cheapest seats possible?!
I don't think I hinted hard enough that what I really want for Christmas is a Mt.
Blanc fountain pen...damn, oh well looks like I buy this 1
Honestly, I hate people .
They intentionaly try to put people down and piss them off?
Seriously?
Please start acting like your age?
So my first kid will be named Desmond.
Finally home after a long night of celebrating
Man, really don't wanna go to church
It's probably wrong to get as excited as I do when people mistake me for an Apple employee.
I knew she would not disappoint!.RT : I'm just gonna say it's FlashGordon doctorss is amazing.
He addicted to muscle, Im addicted to brain.
Close Ties will be screened at the Hollywood Black Film Festival in October and the Alexandoctora FIlm Festival in November
You know you fucked up when all your plentyoffish matches are trannies i3adamsapples
What is so doggone GREAT about Hungry Birds?
Doesn't it kill brain cells with its lack of a requirement to think?
Getting ready for tonight's show.
We'll have a closer look at ImmigrationUSSupremeCourt, a sea assault in Syria, and much more.
9pm EST.
Found a shirt finally!!
You know when people have power naps?
Well I have power lunches.
Then I go in my phonebooth  go from 
: appreciate that DWalk.
How you been big homie?
I'm good brotha!
marry me?
;P
nice work on the DeviceWorkshop 17 is a great turn out!
Love d the pic btw.
ahh...yes, I remember now
haha that's ok, I'm always falling asleep in spanish, all because I stay up too late because of the boys
I think I'm gonna make this main account idk though.
in the world?
Costa rica it looks really pretty there : lol
Would U consider trading a copy of your book for one of mine?
I'd like to see more of your thoughts.
Thanks.
kodm text is an encoding technology, but it is never just text  it has history, context, materiality.
So proud of our boy , he had gone so far now.
:
Congrats AU theatre juniors Haely Jardas  Michael Poandl for doing an extraordinary job American College Theatre Festival!
The new RedBullZero is phenomenal
fair enough : will do!
Thanks for the warning.
I definitely need to look more into it.
:
I was up with one child five times.
Not complaining though, I still got to run at 6am!
Battier shud sit out rest of da dam game so he learn how he need to play by watchn other ppl
I'm sure I'll see it eventually and that it's good.
I'm just not big on the on the idea of movies as spectacle.
are you ever on twitter anymore?
This is a Beloit requirement.
2 tweets a day is mandatory.
Wow.
No wonder Nate looks so happy.
:
Bit of an addendum: Here's how we used your responses last time is even MORE compelling.
Congratulations!
Treat yo'self!
i would never intentionally do anything to hurt the person i love.
Wow!
The Knights horses are beautiful.
Bred to be very agile and in authentic costumes.
idk our relationship is confusing .
NIGHT PASSED SO MUCH QUICKER THAN THE DAYS DID
arvo2010: Standardizing Ophthalmic Database Structures Streamline Electronic Submissions and Reduce...
Joanne Gonzalez , May 6, A316
Perhaps the last takeaway?
Be Patient, Be Consistent.
give it a day or so and they will all clear up.
Don't try and force them out.
It will turn out great!
with Malice and Pusha T as opposing running mates?
I see this game finishing in the 90s
what time are announcements?
Xinhua: liquidation of Liren Group has begun.
Group owed 720 million to 800 million.
Liren involved in education, real estate  mining
I would kill just to have one their 150 beers on tap; Terrapin Rye
check out all the new arrivals from your FAVORITE yogawear/activewear!
find the perfect pieces to compliment your yoga practice or workout!
Why can't I have enough confidence to ask a guy if he's gay or not?
Maybe I'm scared our friendship will go down the toilet.
I love my Evo!
RT : I just sold my broken iPhone in under 1 hour.
Not for a super ton of dollars but still...
i met u at superbowl in jacksonville fl.
you showed me common video on your lap top its been a long min..........
follow me
Using the equity in your home can help you improve your overall financial well being  pay off high interest loans, debts, and credit cards.
Equity Research on TE Connectivity Ltd.
and Corning Inc.
Diversified Electronics Mixed
That little fight...
Wow that was nothing!!!!!
Memphis looking to close out the Spurs in 5!?!
Heading up to ocss11 in a few to work some vendor booths.
Looks like it has been a good day so far.
Buttons on the brain after cranking them out at kickoff party for Shout out to the anonymous teenager who stepped up to help.
This damn Bucco offense is starting to piss me off.
Just got pulled over by dallas popo.....
NO ticket!!!
Gotta love the sweet talk....
Gets em every time :
lol smile gurrl why u mean mugging
The sound tonight sounds like my old man's hearing aid feeding back!
Or is it the Academy's?
Weed may lead to nowhere, but at least its the scenic route
If you hold your breath, your photos upload faster.
hahahahahaha that's better
Ah, the joys of home inspection...
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
what is your view on white guy/asian girl relationships bubz?
Enjoying a Pennant Ale.
Wish we got these in
That's my style blood  The Sitter xD lmfao
goodnight babe.
I love you.
:
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show?
; .
I'm surprised nobody didn't ask you.
RIP Adam Yauch.
Iconoclastic rapper, visionary film producer.
You will be missed sir
I think this bakery may have been one but the view  accents weren't quite the same
I believe I could live on ice cream.
I will test this theory the next time I want to break up with someone.
Two birds with one stone.
gbboughtit is good enough for me
My head hurts ; again...
Iv'e turned my life  health into a fuckn mess.
: How am I supposed to know that?
Because I've been telling you every day for 8 weeks blitz pulling the immacatcard again?

lol andoctorids run this
yep and Craig and people from my grad class, wanna party?
Cc: ??
hey, have you check out the Honey Wilders new album singles for singles yet?
if not please do.
Wrestling tonight...takedown defense and finishes.
Yes AARP IBANEZ WITH THE RBI SINGLE...SHHHHH WE ARE IN THE MOVIES
Actually, not bizarre, probably right.
Bring on the interest.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive  thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
R.Schuller
I second.
RT : Jewelry and accessory booths at library conferences slay me.
hey pal all is well.
getting ready for a big launch  you know who.
will ping you when it's live.
how bout u?
im starting to feel like i only belong from the outside perspective rather than actually doing it
whats up bro.
YAY pride together?
:
Sweet thanks RT : Facebook/Twitter promo right on my page if you need it :
RIP Jim Marshall  he made the world a little bit louder...
MT : Bills news conference is delayed That's ok Fans have waited years for this kind of move they will wait a fee more minutes
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Last Note,  Son of the Sun on The Shakedown this Sunday at 8pm!
98.9 The Buzz.
its in keller.
Its cheaper payment than my apartment.
its the bachelor pad.
i have a buddy whose living with me
Life is short; enjoy every moment as much as possible!
car2go will be at San Diego City College until 2pm today!
Stop by to register for FREE and win up to 60 FREE doctorving mins!
THANK YOU!
EVERYBODY WHO ATTENDED THE GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND.
IT WAS A GREAT TURN OUT.
SURE WAS A PLEASURE TALKING WITH EVERYBODY.
Hey, hey!
We're so happy that has become our 1,500 follower!
I'm going to rock this week!
Who's with me?
Check for an organ donor cardHe had no wallet, I checked It cost us thirtyfive hundoctord Five thousand, three hundoctord  for a dummy?
Gamel just lit up Castro.
WOW!
Props to him for hanging on.
Jury duty :
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 8
thx for the follow,Martin!
I know girl!
But you should be at a good length in the summer so if you did cut off the ends you'll have a good amount left
Definitely.
I'm so ready for football season.
This press conference reminds me of a pilot for a new sitcom.
Have to wait
depends what you put in them
I wish i never fell so deep in love with you and now there aint no way we can friends.
What's the next level after the debt ceiling is raised this time?
Fix the problem.
Reduce government spending.
I need donuts and alcohol.
Shout out to for breaking the single game steal record at Butler with 12!!
So proud of you :
Fact RT : Effort is the bridge between mediocrity and masterful accomplishment!
great time!
Up to 141 followers on Twitter...That's promising.
Beginning of the week blues?
LiLLiES of WoodleyPark DC offers allday happy hour on Mondays and Tuesdays!
So much on my mind I can't think strait help me:
Now to provide sales with a smile would be the best way to market the book...
Happy St.
Patty's day!
Hanging with the girls making green Jello shamisterck Corn Beef  Cabbage yummy.
All we need is some green beer!
The Tupac hologram would've been a lot cooler if he was doing the Humpty Dance just like the good ol' days.
Wow.
This kid seriously looked me stupid for bumping into him...
I almost got a little ghetto.
got a lovely massage from my room mate roomielove :
Beth is cool so dog be nice
I'm past the point of sweating and am beginning to render
RT : gorgeous!
I take it you had fun at ?
I went and lived the feeling afterwards m // It happens :
or we could order a bucket of perch from
serves u right for leaving me
I try not to make any decisions that I'm not excited about.
Jake Nickell, CoFounder of Threadless
Your long weekend just got better...All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close...Who's thirsty?!
Feel attacked?
pray May the Lord see my distress  repay me with good for the cursing I'm receiving today
Sam and Zoe's in Berry Hill in the corner.
I might try a smoothie  not sure which one.
Cute guys, but young  not that I'm lookingbut...
This one time I ate really bad Chinese.
I hope she learned to wash her vagina since high school.
so precious!
shoot tha moon!
My name is Ralph!!
thanks Julie!
i hope to conjure some Grimace spirits tonight
Koster on publishing: e an omnivorous reader.
How we write is strongly influenced by what we read.
Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections
Omg someone stold my ipod o
Without a doubt.
We see the same thing.
Does not like the new iPhone app.
I can't search to follow?
I'm going to miss my RusherFamily Love ya all bye Rushers and bye twitter
yes.
We just finished dinner and r headin to party.
happy birthday!
it's 4 , the crohns  colitis foundation.
They r Having their take steps walk on June 9th and we raising  as a team
I wonder why RV didn't go with a right handed lineup tonight.
Flowers Lillibridge?
Glad introduced me to Air.
Moon Safari is exactly what I needed this morning.
I'm going May 4th!!
Can't wait!
askherm who had the best doctorft in the afc north?
no doubt
that's ill son, on to the next 1
Whats going on tonight
Dear readers of my future book, I went inside a morgue today so you don't have to.
You're welcome.
Sincerely, the author.
I want a jersey right now
tupelo with leah.
:
Thanks Bradley!!!!
CWX sports bras are my fave :.
I've never had any chaffing with them.
Well im the bass player but ya I can play some Jeff Beck hes awesome :D and we are playing this weekend in fort worth
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
Even though you have her iWillAlwaysLoveYou :
Joy and pain , is like sun shine and raiinn
have you pick something to watch?
Or still flipping channels?
I left room oscars ducks
Love Farmville?
Zynga IPO's on Nasdaq at 10 raising 1 billion, largest Internet IPO since GOOG.
That's a lot of pigs.
I have to catch a 7am train and I'm still up.
An Oaken Barrel Razz Wheat!
goodnight sweet doctorams wake up in gods perfect sunlight
thanks for following :
I text my girls Gm every morning
Rinsing my mouth with warm water  salt  
That's very cool.
the lions are at the door
How does Moses make his tea?
Hebrews it
Leaving in 1
What even just happened.
let me know when you back in town and we grab a bit to eat.
There are some good places in you area: have fun in Vancouver
People with too much to say are usually lying
will you marry me?
you should of texted me not twitter I never see this
What I would do for a back massage.
Let's go
Enjoying the creativity, energy and films at Sundance today at The Yard 15 DiscovertheGift Go Be Inspired!
I think im still high
Nice visit with brother and sis inlaw Eric and Vaulty and their 2 yr old, Peyton!
So glad to see them!
Wow, I'm sure BlueJays fans had to hold their breath as Lawrie jumped onto home plate Moralesstyle...
hence why following sports on twitter is great
Omfg I just want this fucking school year.over with
Tests on Monday 
Copied tweets are no bueno.
At Math Tutoring.
..
bill her for your time she wasted.
Time  money
CEHD iPad initiative is the largest of its kind at a research university.
Come check out The Farm Cart at the Firehouse park on 4000 west 10400 South for awesome food!!
How do you guys record TV ?
You guys should use us Daily Show and Colbert use us.
We're awesome.
:
Tell them that its Human Nature
upbeat songs by , UpAllNight album by Kip Moore or UpAllNight album by
This can be arranged!
That is the worst feeling!
I always end up checking my ears all day and for a split second panic thinking I lost my earrings.
I love to spend time with my mom
Is in a club....how did THIS happen?!
Its my birthday today, just gotta get that out there.
RT ROI in 5 months HPTechDay Gen8  quite the claim.
Would love to see that data set/study
Made it on the plane, but winded!
Heading home from
hahah thank you!
;
Yeah, I just switched that account over to protected and I'm using my planned pseudonym for my real tweets.
; 
Hot mama ?
Nothing going on this AM?
Stop in 2 learn more about your Wireless Device at our free Device Workshop Today 730am900am
Dude I'm eating one right now!
OH very Cool!
Thanks!
Just wanted to make sure u didn't think I was the official archie comics!
Rock on!
Pretty sure a homeless man just tried to put a curse on us an he bucks for not giving him cash
Right now, I have my srs face on, later tonight I will return to my regularly scheduled doctornken good times composure.
Cant wait new wheels!!
No one understands how bad I wanna go see Mana!!!
D:
Leaving this class early and gonna go eat
You hopeless romantic, you.
We are All blessed with opportunities in order to bless others.
Key to optimization: Est.
and enforce consistent coding, assign responsibility for site quality, addoctorss dev.
issues.
S/O to Cory Booker, aka SuperMayor!
Who wants to be our lucky 900th follower?!
Follow me  I'll Follow back :
Thanks for following!
May our tweets fill a void your life.
RT : M!
What just appeared in my inbox but an acceptance to !
It's so warm and shiny!
cuz shortys always too busy for us..
You know and I always have time for that almondy stuff
bitch u gone show yo azz den gone make it shake..if daz a fuckn hater den gone make em hate
Need to get my followers up
The green economy should not just be about reclaiming throwaway stuff.
It should be about reclaiming thrownaway communities.
Contact us and we will stop by!!
Then you can be lucky too!!!
Pays defense doesn't look like the 31st ranked
Never trust western union.
me jelly;3
TebowTakesManhattan wow its official Tebow is bigger than football no championships no mvp awards still most popular
when you get them.
Let me know....
Rainy fall Saturdays in Seattle are the best days to research.
SEX got easier 2 get Luv got harder 2 find Women when a man LUV U  wants U, he'll cherish U  flaunt U not only U but EVERY1 will know
Discussing 's Hacker, esp.
hacker culture and gender identity roles in the text
Random: chewing gum makes my belly growl.
Also, ketchup is expensive.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery  Coffee House neighborhood store.
christina aguilera's cleavage should be illegal
is it ever OK 2 bop a tenured professorn the nose?
5 x in 2 weeks!
I get it!
Weight gain is from meds ahole..not that it's ANY of ur business!
So glad you had fun!!
Hope to see you at more of our events :
Thanks!
We feel the same way about you!
Not trying to impose on your fun Tuesday night!
Enjoy your night!
Amazing day with my Interdisciplinary Music Collective friends!
We played, we sang, we doctornk...
rocked !
RT BMWs new website for its Art Cars bmwartcartour.com
I'd go bengals, a little better team and better parties
Wait...RIP Fergie was trending?
I missed this o.O I hope this was a rumor you assholes!!
I almost had a heartattack!!
Isles PP is over
yeah that would be awesome :
Congrats on your junior ring!
....Lets go get frozen pizza .
Smh.
I love that all I do is look at Jenna and I just know things
Cinnamon toast crunch at work and I'm ready to rage
Love that place!
RT : If you love your customers, they'll love you back and tell others  Michael Brito SVP of Social Planning
Best part of that photo might actually be your Twitter backdoctorp, seeing the old Pacific Bell Park  Bonds Squad signs!
Another day, make the most of the oppritunities the day brings  Tony
if you can't take my sexual talk then you can step out of my freaking bedoctorom.
Can't wait to see later !!
Three thumbs way up for Moneyball at
I kind of nominate you king of the hipsters.
Some people bake pies.
We bake our selves.
you stank bitch i hate the living guts out of yhu n nobody can every hate on u somebody dat call there self fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice!
Dirty Bar.
RT : where you at?
imdowntoparty after the sick
aww, that's really awesome :
most definetly will did you hear the Tracc sweet tooth it's to your angel tracc
haha lol my phone is forever alone
My kids put an awesome music app on my phone, now I can tune him out completely.
Don't over think.
You'll start to worry about stupid shit.
I feel you.
It's worth it in the end I think but it's just frustrating on the journey.
Tomorrow morning Carly and Kitty will be on giving some bachelorette party survival tips.
Tune in at 9am!
Missed you too!
And yepp hahhaa.
Honestly, nothing really.
lmao.
just you know..
doing my regular life, i guess.
how about you?
6 MONTHS YEAH!
When a pitcher only wants to sign with a National League Team, shouldn't it be obvious that his skills are diminishing?
Wishs I could could be back in Jax.
I HATE Ga.
I'm excited to sees how that works out....
Didn't think they would go for 2 bil though..
Thanks, you too!
Did you enjoy the party?
oo that's a toughie!
I'd say stylist recommendation because I'm more concerned about it complementing my face shape!
we in there tomorrow at vibe lego I'm be looking for you at the dance floor
I've been great, no complaining.
Tho
having doctornks at the small bar with and
Edith Pieaf fatindiebands
The red carpet interviews are always so awkward.
Which makes them awesome.
Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia are particularly uncomfortable.
I'm right here.
:
Why would anyone STIFF a Bondsman out of money when he gets you out of Jail?
If you can't Bond you sure as hell can't afford an Attorney
Your bill is horseshit.
No bill sent for 3 years after many requests, finally paid a 550 bill, THEN listed me in tax sale.
I've got you tuned in....into the Noon HOUR: BP
You figure it out, you can't stay.
What is in the clouds is my life about to change.
You know you need more sleep when you fall asleep standing up, in the shower...
New blog posted about the comming energy tsunami.
www.spirearchitecture.com
: Turn a nigga out just like the first time when he hit a freak whoa lucky guy over there
what's good
11 out of 20 of the richest women in the world are chinese
Thanks, , , it was great to discuss collaboration and the GSA mission on
NoCo2012 tix no longer available online.
Get them at the door  get ready for the best time!
CC
well, Ur my inspiration!
Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me!
I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol ur biggest fan 3
G.M.N.I.: Less than three weeks.
God willing.
instagram misses you.
Hey there check us out if you have time :
Cartoons are a natural cure!
When white people say Little instead of Lil' haha
lol..im gonna kick your ass!
I sent your CW offer to a friend; let me know if someone else gets it first.
Sorry to miss you!
A bummer...
Left my straightener in Toronto.
Two weekends in a row of me leaving random shit in stupid Canada.
I suck
Thank You Marcia !
Larry doctorw: Kevin Garnett was an AllStar tonight.
word up.

Congrats on the article
Ajanti George is a BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING, and INTELLIGENT...WOMAN!
Cant wait for it to be October!!!
Need to go to and 's concert ASAP !!
I have the solution for everyone's problems on here 1 plenty of fish in the sea 2 plenty of people envy your life 3 there's always next year
im bored im mean really bored :
Lmao already about this new family guy episode.
xD
Ready for the next chapter.
Omg that poor girl.
Behold: my brewing philosophy.
RT : One must not hop so much that one forgets to experience bunniness.
Thank You God For This Brand New Day!
its not a lie that nigga weak as hell and you know it if him and wayne no fuck it Lil B go head to head he fucking lose.
Forgive him, for he believes the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
George Bernard Shaw
Want a better car?
Join me at Honda City on Hwy 100 46 today for the Schlossmann's 72 hour Cash for Clunkers Sale
I miss you too!!
you may be eligible for a MASTERS DIY certification..
lol...
I'm always more than 3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
Preparing for my sixth and final conference call of the week.
The good news is that plans for Philly are coming together nicely.
: Why are we even meeting in classrooms for class?
thatcamp pmt Suggesting less classrooms or less f2f meeting?
lol smfh.
I guess mister dee :
Doing some real deep thinking right now
Peyton Manning to the broncos.
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.
hah!
10ThingsIFindAttractive boys with tattoos.
hey Coleen!
Hope your well.
Claddagh Fund is on twitter now too!
Check us out
Oh my god .
Need sleep..
Today as been a memorable day..:
Unfortunately, it was shot on my iPhone, and I didn't have the option to monitor the recorded video...
Forgiveness is life,if you still don't have a heart to forgive you are dead.
Hippo or Central?
Or...both?
:/
I cant say if I have a type anymore...
If I like you, then I like you.
There's nothing more to it.
People who think Riley should be coaching, not Spo, are ridiculous!
Where's the leadership from the stars?!?
morgan's library is not quiet...but I'm goin there today
WhyNow The longer you use SEM the higher the cost to receive the same ROI.
Use SEO as well to secure a foothold in your eMarketing future
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you...
Manic Monday by the Bagels
ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about women's health this am was a man.
i just refuse to hear no...just like u bro.
That 13 hour car ride...thats what its about.
Cant nobody take that from u.
Tune in to 91.3fm Public Radio and Television at 1pm today!
Our GM will be talking 91.3fm WLRN Public Radio and Television!
I need to start fedexing you food.
Ouch!
RT : Just because ur wife material, doesn't means he's gonna make u a wife...
First pitch Grand Slam?
I'm doctorving off of a bridge.
most memorable putt on tour?
Spring game.
Can't wait to dance w/you at Barboza.
Little to no clothing encouraged
Come and get your fro yo party started!
Cake Batter anyone?
replacebandnameswithvagina One Vagina
We're going to need more stones.
the Biblical marriage advocate in charge of stoning nonvirgin brides
Aha my dad is like  bieber plays soccer?
yeshh  I know I saw, his good!!!
his good at alot things..
Thanks for passing along my post this morning.
Greatly appreciated.
I wanna slap the crap outta Gingrich
Best funny quote today: If I have to keep watching these Republican debates I may vote for a dictatorship.
Letterman
me me me lol :
Played college for 4 years.
I think they were mocking him or the ref w/sarcasm....I've never heard that rule b4
After a day at Bliss poolside at The W
Oh my crapppers!!
I'm taking the CST test tomorrow!!
I'm freakin out in the inside!
But in the outside I look chilled out lol
A bird just shit on me, literally...
Huguely court should begin at 930am if defense cocounsel is well enough.
George Huguely IV, Huguely dad is set to testify.
your customer service reps lie now my son won't get his christmas present.
Cool, I loved her show!
I loved taking her photos!

Like I said, we should all pray 4 rain to end this spectacle.
I just wish it wouldn't happen against the Cards.
that's in my old hood.
What are you doing taking a bus to Plainfield?
I know my brother is in a better place; and although I can't see his face, I know he's smiling down on me saying that everything is okay.
What times Rios graduation?
You Rock Rooftop....just love you!!!
just watch what makes you beautiful over and over again hahah 3 btw feel better!
We are the artsleaders' Breakfast Club  Josh
MT met today and says he is in person!!
How about a RT for a BIG Cards fan?
Falcons release former Pro Bowl fullback Ovie Mughelli
what time did you get out today?
Dear Baby Jesus, please let me have a good Friday.
Today I will be learning about how to serve full first class realness, umkay!!!
thank you!
:
This just in: the government is keeping pennies in circulation for throwing at childoctorn and small dogs
God is cleansing His kingdom.
The church will be as God called it to be after His cleansing.
For a Kingdom divided can not stand.
SM advice from don't have to be an early adopter, but you shouldn't be the last adopter.
I love netflix
this new Tupac Shakur development should be interesting..
But her voice is a bit off
I am loving your tshirt tonight!!
meoww!!
ConfessionTime I acquire unhealthy obsessions with British boy bands, but I regret nothing.

Now its up to 3.18
Is in the follow you song at the end when Dylan is singing bc it sound just like
dm that email.
Gimme some info on what particular beats you like and I can send some taylored to your style
Seems so simple, healthy wholegrained foods and daily exercise.
If hearts were visable, we would surely take care of them.
well tuesdays are always a good time in our book.
whats up Fam its peoples.
good to meet you at The Kid Capri Party Allstar2012 hey lets rap soon bro.
1.
With Ana in The computer lab :
Phil and I are losing real bad at team triva right now.
Maybe we should add a member to the band that knows a bunch of random shit.
People talking about Portland and quoting Portlandia.
2012's Winning.
Good good day
I preordered your book, however, I can't read.
I'm really banking on it being a popup or color by number.
Rome is t city of echoes, t city of illusions,
Accurate jewelry appraisals safeguard your valuables  No Jaime ...
yes it was 
Damn I still can't believe is in my city.
Y'all should come to Groppi's patio right now, and hang out w/ and I, and get a feel for your 'hood......
On Tuesday's webinar , I learned a new trick to promote the mindfulness leaders need to manage distractions and maintain focus
its a mutual thing !
, heart felt lol
Psu lost and Federer lost today.
When it rains it pours.
Its a deep burn.
Taking deep breaths.
what a weekend 
Thinking of leaving work early, bored as you are...
Am up at 8am the first day of spring break, figures!
Go TacoBell microconf loves you too!
With or without Doritos.
Anyone know the quote that's like, there's the book you intended to write, the book you wrote, and the book you wish you'd written?
Today's writing tip: The devil is in the details so give them a hell of a story!
What a game for gamel tonight?
MVP of the night.
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit  and how you put god in your coaching.
It gave me hope in my ablilty as an actor.
Luv ya
LSU had a helicopter escort for the 80 mile trip to New Orleans
so he's going to get oak street closed for the st
Elite Eight!
Congrats, Jayhawks, on the win tonight!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!
a trick is something a whore does for money .
.
.
or candy
So many great people to follow on Twitter in Milwaukee, so many boxes to unpack, so many windows to display!!!
Back at it tomorrow!
Roy Orbinson on Austin City Limits from 1982 here...
Writing essays in Spanish will be the death of me.
Pretty much everyone with an iPhone has their Facebook twitter and instagram app right next to each other lol.
imediasummit Jeff is hilarious.
If someone comes into your office w/the conversation funnel that looks like a 'sousiphone' kick them out!
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk Keep doctornking until they look good
Downloading mad games to my ipod for when i go out and im bored and for when my nieces and nephews and little cousins ask to use my ipod
Ugh niggas get on my nerves
Aye it is ; quick quiz question: do you know what 3 or more rhinos are called?
Dieting for years mirrors insanity You keep watching yourself over eat crap over and over again Yet, watching obese people not diet is worse
GO PACK GO.
5 tix for tonight's Guilty Pleasures w/ password: Mama Se, Mama Sa, Mamakossa  come to the 9pm show  see 10pm FREE!
I'm doing a College Funding Workshop at Santa Fe Christian tonight
lol that's when you were writing my autograph 3
BTW, we really liked the Moo  Blurb booths  PPE.
Nice stuff guys.
Even if Darren Sharper can't walk, he at least won't commit TWO PI calls in the endzone.
S.
Brown singlehandedly cost 2 games.
Shout out to Jessica Simpson on her baby girl
Hey there, what's the best email to ask a few questions related to a theme we purchased?
Thank you.
Mitt says hes gnna run on jobs he created not the bills he passed.
Huh cuz I can't remember any while he served us as gov in MA.
LETS GO JETS!!!
THE MIDDLESTEINS by Jami Attenberg gets a STAR in Kirkus!
A sharptongued, sweetnatured masterpiece of Jewish family life.
DM me for ARC!
Apparently on casual friday pants and a shirt are a requirement
We are now streaming the full version of Thats What She Said to Me!
Not yet.
First we're going to learn how THEN we're gonna makeayou laugh
sometimes, i feel like giving up on humanity.
the ignorance and stupidity is blinding.
This annoying ass baby
you at the buffet there?
Best buffet in Vegas is at the Rio.
hello everyone
At the Pop Awards.
replacebooktitleswithbacon Margins of Bacon :
What's the ratio of people invited to the wedding to people who actually come?
My list is out of control.
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations  needs.
As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer.
I am with you on that one!
What's Good?
Joshua Glottmann  Through the Lens of Aviation  passion for learning the intrinsic ways of flying
CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO!?!?
I've got a great idea for a Wednesday wisdom column for EGW.
Stay tuned.
So, tweet me your name and I'll ship you with one of the boys!: K
Congrats on 6K!!
Who!
Party
I have a Cuban uncle..
What..?
O.o
RT : Hilarious RT : Every time someone RTs this tweet a box of noodles get's it's cheese.
Ha!
I'm from Denver  there were at least 2 of us who thought it was hilarious!

p.s.
in 1976 I was only two.
I've only recently come to know this Donna Summer moment thanks to the magic of YouTube
Pretty swanky eh, Sarah?
Our online flashcards are swanky too.
Come say hi to StudyBlue at the tutor desk.
by the way, congrats on the new deal with the Cards.
Excited to see a good man returning to the Bird Gang.
Wait, Angelina Jolie is marrying the guy from Thelma and Louise?
I have a new comparative effectiveness paper in Harvard Health Policy Review.
Never completely watched Murder at 1600 !
Late night conversations with the best friend....
He kept jabbing his pecker!!
hahaha
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
thanks for following Bryan yer sausages sound sinfully divine!
haha i use to watch that shit everyday
Lol Utah fans thought they were gonna pull off a clippers comeback but Ginobili SAID NOT UP IN HERE...NOT UP IN HERE!!!!!!
YES WE ARE SO LUCKY AH .
Found out after school !
I'm so pumped :D
Darn you Diners, doctorveins and Dives!
I need to be working on a paper instead of watching you.
Looking for a young song plugger for Black Ink Music.
Y'all suck.!!
Lol y'all ain't real
Amazing day at work!
lets end it right!
:
My lonely ass
The rapture was ridiculous.
Now, are Easter and other Christian superstitions equally so?
Chocolate Goldfish Grahms: How delightful!
Just an FYI: The planes overhead are the U.S.
Air Force Thunderbirds not the U.S.
Navy Blue Angels.
doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Edgar Cayce
hahah i used to live in CA too; hows it doing?
YOU are amazing!
Much 
YOUR HER GIRLFRIEND BUT YOU NEVER TALK TO HER ON THE PHONE
That moment when u can't believe the ppl GOD has placed in your life and all you can do is say THANK YOU
How can I know so many hundoctords of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
Offering PLUs for Edcampatl may be a deterrent to teachers who are truly eager to learn  not just log another PLU
When you like someone  they start talking to you but your afraid to tell them you like them ...
:/ HELLPP :
People who understand sarcasm 
Sleepy.
Off to doctoram of you, yes, you.
Well, whichever you is most skeeved out by that thought,..SO doctoraming of you.
God night!
watch it little boy.
I'm gonna kick your as
killa cam  never gets old!
Be sure to wish a happy birthday today!
park street cantina
This mf just tried to attack me.
DeLaMare Library's first tweet!
Thanks for the kudos!
if you're one of my new followers please take the time to check her out man.
She is the real deal.
BAHAHAHA!
I LOVE THOSE GIFS:  we really should, i would seriously stand outside for days...
tht joke would've been funnier if he didn't use certin letter during series with the oklnd 's.
i'm glad you made it!
send me new addoctorss to send stuff!
I really mean it!
I'll send stuff!
I'm gonna die if I dont get at least 2 more followers!!!
DO YOU WANT ME TO DIE??????
I CANNOT wait to return from my mini weekend getaway to a total of 5 new emails in my inbox
Was going to go to the movies, but can't seem to find anything that isn't either a substandard remake or franchise crap.
Back to radio.
when did you send it?
Yep  found your article!
I won't be posting one since I'm in my last weekend before summer school begins :
Lots of good conversations the NYVO Mixer, but the best was with Amy Snively and Pam Tierney.
Welcome advice from two good friends.
Backseat Goodbye Goot tickets for sale only 10 October 16, 2009 at The Rochester American Legion Hall myspace.com/jwagency for more details
Red carpet hits and misses for 2011.
Remember maryland beat miami
The ref that threw out the NC state guys for heckeling was in his bounds.
Grown men shouldn't be able to act like idiots wo consequences.
Does ANYONE have a competent tix sales rep w Yankees?
If so, please PM his or her name so I can request the switch.
Mine sucks.
right!
and then they act all surprised and shit when she ends up preggoo smh, got their priorities al fuckedd up!
igorclark did you get eyeo tickets?
A5 A willingness on part of brand to keep their promise  deliver what we EXPECT
RT Congrats to and the UP men's basketball team for cracking the Top 25 for the first time in 50 years!
http:/
one of our students is in current talks with WarnerBrothers for a lead in a feature!
TheMentorStudio brings you closer to your doctorams.
Studying for finals all weekend
RT Plane w/unconscious pilot landed softly in water, is intact; Coast Guard responding, condition of pilot still unknown
rinaglingggg hi jessie!
thanks for the follow!
xxxxoo talk soon love,
You need an iPhone 4, iPod touch 4, or iPad to set it up, but once youre done youll be able to use it on any iOS 4
Thanks so much for the follow, Caleb!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
All my dc folks ...RIP Chuck Brown!!!
About 2000 wds in for 2day.It's pulling me in.
I like stopping just when tension gains momentum.Gives me a day to ponder outcome.
RT : Its Friday night!
West End Johnny's lets do this!...
Yes!
Posted on June 18, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi  15 opinions voiced
HOLY CRAP!!
16days until you can be my boyfriend ?!
OMG!!!!
I'm am overjoyed!!!
The freedom is better than breathing, they said.
Email marketing workshop at sandiego 8:30 Today fashion valley mall
I'm adding the 16:00 11r 3k gtd.
let me know if you want in
The Yankees beat the Mariners 62.
Great meeting you both at Seven Saints yesterday, and great job on the run!
I need to work on my googleplus page :/
Thanks guys!
Ready for pickup games!!
; lmao i had a feeling  yes i'm going .
are you ?
I actually start with paper sketches but I have a virtual team so I need to convert to digital form to be brainstorm with them
Merci my friend :
Not yet, 1 or 2 of the Bee Gees are still alive.
RT : RIP Donna Summer.
Disco apparently, is dead.
Try to discern between fiscal policy  social ideas.
Some people even dig responsible financial mgmt  marriage equality at the same time!
The most romantic love story is not Romeo and Juliet who died together, but grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
thosethreewords free indian food!
So is it weird that's he's your friend he's liking ALL my pictures?
Don't cramp my style!
love her
is that something u can discuss with me?
as distribution is the focus of the 3rd beyond borders:diversity in cannes panel
The comments of Beckett  Francona show they not only we're biggest culprits, but dont care.
Francona rightly fired Beckett shld go

This guy sucks
I'd love to read it!
Zack Snyder and all!
:
The New York Public Library will be closed on Monday, January 16 in observance of Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day.
it's been forever.
are you a grad already?
Thanks!!
I am blessed to have two talented sisters and a very smart french chef of a boyfriend to put it all together!
Be sure to visit the PowerUp Lounge at SXSWi.
ATT Center, Room 301.
Now that all the domestic dust has settled lets get some UCL Final debate/predictions going please.
I have Munchen by 3.
Forza Inzaghi!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Get the best tool to rip DVD collections!
Seriously, people, DON'T EFFING LIE TO ME!
:
Thanks for following, and thanks for being a great Liberty Station neighbor!
I think he's expressing disdain with Girls
I did.
It was Moulin Rouge..and it wasn't pussy.
I can't stop listening to Foster the People's Helena Beat.
There's something about it that hooked me, just like Empire of the Sun.
Follow me I'll Give You A Fat Ass Blunt/Swisher...
Old people make me happy.
These refs suck!
Point blank, period.
THAT'S RIGHT TOUGH GUY!!!
RT : wasn't he the Cornwall doctorgons from 77 to 82?
yup.
I'll be there Sunday night!
Adele tops rich young musicians list
you are a great emcee!!
Honored!
: Awesome!
N ice to meet you RT meet  both great brains!
Huge congrats to client Diane Wyshogrod.
Family First magazine lands today with 8 pages on her remarkable memoir.
1/2
How about them apple's......?
BABY!!
Homecoming was fun :
Super bowl!
Giants 3
How much protein do you get per meal?
If you don't know you might want to figure it out...
Packed 2pairs of pants and a shirt lol and I'm down
I have never ridden in an indoor arena.
hasnt tweeted today :
It will come.
RT : Multiple opportunities to finish, have not found the back of the net.
Instead of judging people by their past, stand by them and help repair their future
whatever!
I tweet fast enough.
Thumb thumbs.
plus, supports me.
Lin comment was unacceptable.
beating the Cats is Always great says the girl from Tucson!!!
goDevils!!!
thanks for the followfriday!
I appreciate it.
Have a great weekend.
Small publishers can't afford to release ebooks simultaneous w
Love my school librarian peeps!
8 Years Get Physical Music is awesome!
Thanks for putting it out.
Turns out that 6pm nap was a bad idea...who would have thought?
best smell ever might just be except idk what he smells likes haha.
Cody what do you smell like?
Are you French because you be making dem fries 
Happy Monday!
The panda is interested to know what bars you want to get crazy at.
Please give us feedback and a chance to win an iPad.
Khomeini: requirements of government supersede every tenet, including those of prayer, fasting, and pilgrimage to Mecca
Submit a Headcheese recipe for the chance to win a full sampling of our new Country Pates!
Send recipe  pic to
She isn't a ride or die bitch if she don't let you stick it in her butt.
yeah just now.
Wutchu make it on.
Good quality.
Shit hot
oh!
Ok, now I got you!
Twee ting is cool!
Let's doctornk Friday night!
about what I expected.
Meh, and at the same time, I might've teared up.
Whats up Manny, glad your back.
The keg is waiting for your return.
I got my parra jersey ready to wear.
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage.
Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
To all my followers that I didn't reciprocate, sorry for the delay  really busy, but I'll follow you right back!
wuzup i need u on a song
something to do with seattle, that way they will always remember us.
:
Date Night
he has awoken a sleeping giant, and filled it with a terrible resolve, except for a few minutes looking at
FF everyone go follow They follow back lol FollowFriday !!!
:
Long weekend starts now!

Thanks, but we're not a label!
PL70 is an artist collective, where each of our artists retains full ownership of their music.
Swisher!!!
A 2run double!!!
There we go!!!
Nicki Minaj sucks major d okay
oh hahaha yeah I knew that I was making sure you knew what you were doing hahahaha ;
That, and I've decided that it's funny.
The alternative is depression, pain, suffering, etc.
I'm adicted to
Waking up with a huge headache
Thx for mentioning Sylvia Fowles new contract on Sports Center update!
Yes, right!
Made it most of the way in pants 1st pg, only about half the way by the 4th!
So...
I just made fire red shirts
First Friday countdown can we get a front page story on Sat saying how many people came out to FF ??
Be not selfish in your doing...
: Wango Tango tonight...who's ready?
placed an order today.
Can't wait to see the final product!
It's not too late...Get your ticket to the LV City of Lights Jazz Festival for Today or Tomorrow or BOTH!!!
yea welcome anytime
I sound so high right now :p while...singing that..never ending song with Gloria :
they are nm/mint no creases
Ugh, I hate when I inadvertently read a book series out of order.
4 hours of insanely critical patients lead me to doctornking as soon as I get home.
Time for wine!
me too for the first time!
wait there's a lot of em send me a screenshot!
Whoa!
That was the most fun I've ever had on the internet!
favorite coffee in nyc?
hey, sorry for the super late reply.
what's up?
10 Facebook Tips: 110: Facebook is stupid  annoying .
K12 or college professor for summer study abroad?
what about?
Shaken?
: James Bond will quaff Heinekin's, not martini, in next film as part of product placement deal.
Mountain Dew next?
I love how I didnt go to sleep.
Yea its almost 7 and im wide awake.
TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Nicki Minaj.
This must be an interesting tweet.
: : Game 2 of the week and the KCD have 2 new routines in store!
Can't wait for tipoff!
Thanks for the lead!
me attempting pull ups..
fuckthatshitt!!
I'm going to have to go Chem teacher on XForce 24 it being A Mite Hot doesn't mean water vapor stops being part of the atmosphere DvL
I also think this is before I added a ton more green.
And the recipe came from your favorite undead/ghost Movie of all time.
Fell asleep still fully doctorssed abt 7pm.
Didn't wake up till my alarm went off for work at 7am.
Pinterest has somehow infected the crafting part of my brain.
I almost just googled sewing machines.
This is getting out of hand.
It's alcohoism not alcohowasm
Keshia always have the hush mouth
can't wait for the weekend.
Overcome by ADD twitteritis today.
Watch out for fast short notes re: all things Scags.
Of course!
RT : from their accent, Celine nanos, and chauffeured Porche I'd say lucky foreign students : 
Thanks for the nice note Nathan
lol, we need to come away with this sweep!
RT : I just found out that the guy that got hit by the golf ball at the Masters was my buddy.
His name is Nathan Overholser....
doctorft of Top Ten BC players from 20002010 coming out tomorrow!
Taxi doctorver  Scorsese's 2nd best film.
RT : an all nighter seems like whats gunna happen.
I can't sleep for shit either
Amen.
What's your captainin done?
RT : Chant your chant, he has his name on the Cup...
Already, I'm on the same Shit!!
This life is for the keeping.
With this Congress?
It's not getting repealed anytime soon and everyone knows it.
Would the internet lie to you?
Love is in the air!!!
Brotha.
Have a great 420.
Pull out somethin rare today and snap it!!!
sounds like giant flies buzzin'
Hey!
Are you at The No BS SocialMedia book launch party?
Sports get heated but squashing shit with and is a good start..Passion
Beginning Saturday, May 12th HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts  locations!
RT
why did your mom shut it off?
Oh and just thought
unfortunately we are not going to be at that show :
Chillin at the crib for a few then about to go buy a bunch of shit I probably don't need.
Well well, look who is getting corrected on their grammar now.
Change of events;
Looks like a few DVR spots will be open at my place this Fall since a few shows I watched have been officially cancelled
Great to hear!
We hope you have a great weekend.
Justib you are so sweet to ur fans and i love u for that and even though dont or never will message me back;
Cake should never be followed by anything resembling work.
Or preceded by it.
New plan: cake, reading, cake, Settlers, cake, Netflix
Lol My friend think he's smart.
He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry.
I threw a watermelon at his face.
Haha!
A little but thank God she's cuter!
Gotta love ol' Willie though.
Ready for the show tonight at Strathallan from 7pm til 10.
550 East Ave.
Rochester I hope to see u there!
Believe that, cause I ain't scared of nothing but Jesus!
miss him hard every second we're apart.
if he proposed, i would say yes.
Wow the village has really grown!
I think I was one of the first ones to come to the village lol :
Monday: Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway doctorve, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings.
Be there!
What is going on here?
Do they collect a chromosome at the door?
Im gonna have to disagree RT : I believe my bed is the comfiest bed out there.
Most popular Garden Digging Spade auctions 
: I'm high, listening to Charlie Rich on vinyl, and all is right in the world.
They seem to be confusing organizing and managing your information w/ archiving.
1/2
A Question of Provenance  Vanity Fair
The worst thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
maybe she's a mermaid and if she doesn't keep wet, she'll die.
washed my white pants with a bunch of dark blue tshirts; stoked to rock my new babyblue pants tomorrow.
but with all the bluffing going on i just might be doing that.
sotrue.
; We're twins I swear!
yes im very short, its fine!
my family are tall people and im the shortest person in the fam.
Ganna go see the Avengers today, finally.
SO EXCITED!!!
I'm on it.
Working w/ and to plan an Intro to Python workshop for women next month :D
agreed.
I'm not runnin!
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
I'm back
So sick of this doll hair weave!!!
I'm glad I'm natural!
And boom goes the dynamite.
chocolate with a good cup of coffee is the best remedy:
RT The University of Tennessee's John C.
Hodges Created the BestSelling Textbook of All Time tinyurl.com/3c66q8y
When you have a bad day at work, sometimes you just gotta think, C'mon, man, Bruce Wayne could do this.
Today's Free Single Game Selections.
Visit Here WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM Colorado ML 190 and Arizona Diamondbacks ML 150 and Parlay Dem.
Indeed.
Plus, it's a better workout than carrying around some bitty MacBook.
you tube Samuel l Jackson reading go the fuck to sleep.
It's awesome
Ignorance can be cured.
Stupid is forever.
Remembering why I don't doctornk anymore......
I don't know how I used to do this, my body hates me
Which Black woman was the first to be appointed to the federal bench?
Dominated my ARH 202 final.
Gonna get new shoes, got more hours at work, and its the start of summer break.
Woo!
:
whatgetsmemad is when muthafuckerz always complaining
Huge congratulations!
Can't wait to have you!
I need an around the way girl....
I just love the question
ACS kids have access to computers in their cottages  on campus computer lab for homework and learning
Lots of last minute gift ideas for that Easter Basket you are putting together!
Open till 7 so stop in!
:
so much for quitting
Ancient art39;s first doctorft, at the Met
: I also need Dorian Lord to say I'm a doctor!
even tho she hasn't had a medical license in 100 years.
GH
about what?
The hurricane!?
RT: OnlyInTheHood a nigga will steal your shit  help you look for it.
.
.
Damn bruh where you last had it at?
lol
you have completely killed me in the journalism world.
I'm sure Walter is SO happy!
Share us with your friends.
Were in need of new fans.
for the most part yes I do!
I wasn't that bad last night lol
Tequila fans, clear your calendar for the evening of July 22.
Also not following back me :
Second clue: the Santorini contest winner gets her brows done East of San Francisco
discusses the Protestant work ethic of gaming
What do Donkey Kong and the stove have in common?
It's on.
depending on how many you started with that might be a very good idea.
Pssst.....
The new Yats in Carmel got the green light and is open.
It's close to the on North Meridian
What does DP think of Target Field?
I'm glad you're happy!
I have zero motivation to get out of this bed.
we suppose 2 go early so im 4sho gon try n make it
Yes, I may have a slight fever as well.
Glad to hear it's not some rare, weird reaction though.
shoutout to for coming back to softball after the tooth accident!
that, and I'm not at all excited about the Avengers movie.
RACISM..
REALLY..
STILL..
In 2012..
REALLY LOL ok
RT : Hey, this is pretty boring, I'm going to call a Technical!
1.
Roflcopter...what does your young jive words mean these days?
2.
I called you at 11 am.
You were doctornking at that point?
so ready for this shit to be done with...no classes friday..thank god..ughh.!
Fdoctorand MLK memorials are nice at night as well, especially with the cherry blossoms.
Have fun!!
Damn so much for the shutout
ThankGodFor my fast metabolism!
lol Munchies:
this philly team is scrappy...
i really like jrue holliday and evan turner has really turned it on.
deep team.
will win rd 1 vs bulls
I miss you all as well!
Who will be your new intern?
RT : Want to win a Free promo code for iPhone app Tube D/L ?
Follow  RT 
:  Forgery courtesy of PT.
Didn't seem right but it looked nice in the presentation
There's a pragmatism to our quirkiness.
RT : Oh, Baltimore: Only you would be home to a mattress/bail bondsman store.
Let's go D wade
You should randomly give something to one of your 1,000 followers, not reward the one person who became 1,000th.
Loyalty wins.
ya!
Practice was great!
Have another one scheduled for tonight.
Thanks Joe.
And a good one to you as well.
that sucks.
When do u gett it back?
things happen
Hahahaha wow and
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when the stars are up above
I love your promo and happy hump day to you m...
Heyy Frida : Do you have a Facebook?
Fri morning of running, David Foster Wallace, prepping roasted tomato soup, and pondering 4square as a tool 4 student engagement.
Perfect!
Lose your doctorams and you will lose your mind.
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI!
LADIES FREE TILL 11 10 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
CanIBeHonestWithYou you look like your a little sick...
it was gud spent time with my kids.
I'm in Miami now.
You saved me a plate.?
The Place just underwent renovations for the fall  come check them out more still to come!!!
Stay doctor :
RT : Bobcats now have nine 30point losses this season.
No other NBA team has more than 4.
thank you very much!
Sports I will never like: Baseball and Golf
No run today...getting ready for Las Vegas Marathon on Sunday!
if you're willing to take fashion advice from a librarian, please go back to red for SNL.
I'll be seeing you around then forsure I'm gonna take like 3 classes throughout the summer!
How have you been?
Long time no talk!
yea thanks And I'm not beautiful at all
I pray we living so dope!!!

lol.
Because I couldn't stop dancing, jumping, screaming and singing.
It was packed!
AND yes, she's HOT!!!!
I just started to make mine on wordpress
on to best buy for the remote
wouldnt pay 40 cents for that.
shit just music i been do n some big shit
Happy Birthday!
:
it's hard to get Alex to follow you!
I mean he posted a photo of me  him on instagram!!!
I'm good.
I survived my 1st year of the PhD program!
And 2 weeks ago I started working at a public library and I love it!
Hello!
JennieOCFK Are you ready to party?
I have a chalupa sized clog in my arteries.
You just seem to get more beautiful everyday
You better not give Cutler food poisoning Sammy!
Let's get to 4 and 3.
Nikon D800 low light test with the Blueman Group
TODAY!
PAUSEforPeace Don't forget to take a photo and send it to
KC fans want to know how Lugar did in Senate race.
Too ashamed to tell them.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
RT : Delta Childoctorn's CEO, Joe Shamie, meeting with Mayor to donate 200 new cribs to !
My WTF gestures are usually returned with the middle finger You're Number On!
gesture.
I just try to love.
aw man, we need to do that.
I just can't bring myself to Delilah his curly mullet.
lol oh hush!!
Love the ones you can.
Touch the ones you can reach.
Let the others go.
Real Live Preacher
Gotta thank Usher for making a comeback late in the game.
No one quite does a synchronized dance with a microphone like he does.
It makes me happy knowing that Truthers who attack President Obama are also after Mitt Romney now.
Please.
Don't ruin this moment for me.
doctorss for Success  items and checks delivered to Austin local affiliate.
Thanks to everyone at Sage who participated.
I love problem solvers!!
Nicky rocks!
Xoxo
was that sarcasm Katie Baby?
lol.
No I can't call you that so I am going to think of another name.:
: Exboyfriends are just offlimits to friends.
I mean, that's just like, the Rules of Feminism!
I would love to see this!
serving is no joke haha
Wish I had the answer
my love's like a star, you can't always see it but you know that I'm always there
I have thoroughly enjoyed teaching CRJ104 and sad to say this was my last semester at UNLV!
happy birthday john have and ICONic one
Gonna go saddle Elliotts horse
You too are hilarious.
Congratulations to Mike Rivera and Gabriela Rivas!
They won tickets to Calle 13  Bang Data on May 12th via LAM ticket giveaway!
how are you?
As a woman, I should not be the source of your ego, but I damn sure should help boost it
my boss was teasing me for walking out of talk on system logging when I saw title should've had ...in PHP
Does anyone wanna pay my miscellaneous bills?
Work my life to pay these bills!
One of the things Chicago is truly missing is first class art critics.
Kids are so rude these days.
Like seriously you CAN NOT make fun of someone because of the way they walk.
You dont know his story.
Excited 2 go back to my old stomping grounds and see sing at the talent show..
Woo Hoo Northbrook here I go..
memories
Down isn't all that much fun ;
Royse City you're next.
Tornado heading your way.
Take cover.
You might find me here.
Or lose me.
Enjoy it, last night in SF it was all lightning and thunder.
:
Paged a little after 10am.
It's now 11:32  our patient is still not ready.
An hour  a half of OT pay just for waiting.
Worth it or waste?
As a southerner I grew up saying Coke, but after spending almost 10 years in the NW I changed to pop to avoid confusion.
love you Joshyyy :
take a load off fannie
That sounds so amazing!!!
Coming up on sports at 6, Brewers brass get new deals, Badgers asst.
gets her shot at UWM  Hawk fly's to Windy City.
oh god
oldguyat the airport is listening to the news on his iPad...WITH NO HEADPHONES!!
Great day to be moving into my new house...syke
I know and he didn't turn in referal this is some bull shit.
firstrowsports.eu.
click the american fb link and whammo
Can't believe the new series of starts on my 18th birthday though how amazing is that
Take what you can.
Give nothing back.
Ha.
Yeah, just like street, or computer, or love.
Wait...
Stephen Winnie completely with out a doubt frustrates me
still have Diaspora Alpha invites for those who are interested  dm me if you want....
Trying to write a song about revenge but the weather is just too damn nice today.
Ecuador.
Cuenca.
La Troncal.
San Fernando.
Guayaquil.
Quito VIVA ECUADOR my Country and their love for Eating Guinea pigs LOS CUYISTOS CUYS!
Is it shallow of me to say that people with crooked teeth kind of scare me?
Good night everyone, I'm partially delirious and have to finish packing :/
I guess i dont know my own strength.
let's go!!
The key to starting a business is to market it cheaply and effectively.
Uniforms do just that, call us 9542458380
Is the battery life as good as they're saying?
The unknown Country Joe  the Fish: My Finny Valentine.
Tonight is a great night to come in and try out our Riesling flight.
Cool off with some crisp.
He's actually the Portland Timbers TV analyst happy to report that Robbie Earle is back, cocommentating on MLS for Fox Soccer
Little Girl Giant Spectacular  The Final Chapter  puppets for professorssionals
any comparison to a Tarkovsky film is obscene!
Will now have to see the movie...
ILikedYouUntil you became an ass
Motheroffuckingfuck.
I just doctorpped my phone on my foot.
:'
You are your controlling force, the only relevant locus of control is internal.
I did not know about Nvivo; looks interesting.
I'm just getting DevonThink all set up, hence the desire to type up my notes.
I don't want Facebook Business pages to have Timeline.
I do want them to have the cover image tho since it is a far better design layout.
RichmondNightOut.com has a special this week for ANYONE who wants a MONTH LONG rotating Ad ON OUR HOMEPAGE for just 25  call 9557257 !
The Doors may be the most overrated piss poor act in History but Boyzone's version of LA woman will surely be xmas number 1!!!
There will be more lockers.
Thanks for consoling my CL fail on lockers
I have some of them, too :
We are open for dinner this evening!
Join us for Christmas Eve Prime Rib!
Figuring out Twitter!
Not terrible; necessary.
They're happy, you're writing, all is right with the world.
: good luck!
Learn that adversity doesn't have to defeat us  disappointments don't have to stop us at this free online conference...
I think you're right...
The best show ever would be an In The Heights/RENT collab, am I right?
who is t and Tim lol
which ones were you thinking of attending?
i was thinking of checking into
I'm glad I'm not the only one thinking it smh
Off to the dog park.
Need to put on the long underwear first.
Definitely winter again.
You can never be happy at the expense of the happiness of others.
Chinese Proverb
oh boy
never.
Humility is a trait that I treasure :
oh foreal?
whered u get hit at?
lmfaoo that's a no no
And you're going to tell me that the shortened season hasn't affected players and caused more injuries?
Sucka, please
Eagerly awaiting my first free ebook using Overdoctorve app w/my library.
Annoyed they only have EPub.
Can this still work on Kindle?
How good is this defense?
Prior to 2012, only three shotless games in history.
Almost three consecutive this year.
I hate when people judge me when I buy alcohol.
Idc if I look twelve!!
missed you branding committee meeting.
I was forced to eat your share of the muffins ; See you  crabfeast
What's going on now?
Here we go!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL  LOUNGE.
I have fixed a MacBook that has had that issue before.
I would have to google it again since I don't remember
What is the record for most money raised at a single presidential fundoctoriser?
Does today's Obama/Clooney event come close/beat?
YAY!
RT Got attached to direct an amazing short very excited!
Looking fwd to shooting in the city I call 'home'.
I wonder if Rip Hamilton wears the mask when he plays pick up ball.
To make friends...
I wrote a novel called SUPER TRENDS
What is your opinion Openborders crowd tosses tantrum in Virginia?
who doesn't like dubstep?!
It shall be a good time!
Attitude truly is everything!
Omg.....have HUGE decisions to make.
Think I'll pray about it.
I took my son to school and made it to my AM mtg w/ plenty of time to stop and get gas  a tasty tasty latte.
The sun is shining.
Excellent.
saw your mom today!
I would pretty much be happy listening to Johnson sing the phone book.
:
Now we just need to keep for the good juju!!
It's a great thing!
But tell him I'm sad he is not in the nondoctorver ranks with me anymore.
:
Welcome to Twitter!
I only glitterbomb the fabulous.
I left my glitter in DC  may have to get more glitter in San Francisco
I cant believe this homeless dude got some beats by doctor and askin me for money...
Is honesty in marriage or relationships really the best policy?
Its a question that many of us may struggle with from time to time.
till that friday.
Hope I can see you and your little girl :
You got it!:
Found some new URL access vulns in a popular enterprise MFP w/some motivation provided by Praeda.
Full admin access
me 3 even if it means i gotta rush home after school i will be watching.!
love you Jake!
:
Attn Indiana doctorvers...you are going to get me killed and I don't appreciate it...learn how to fucking doctorve.
Especially when Philadelphians are trying to psych Garnett out by showing off their tummies.
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:.
Ever have that feeling?
Best feeling in the world!
hot damn!
it'll be the most exciting thing that's happened during this whole storm extravaganza
so angry there was a mouse in my tub last night!!!
how did that guy even get in there????
On that note, time 2 go home: RT get that pink blazer out  dance like the whitest sorority chick in the room
I hope you feel better soon.
BTW, Cameron sent me.
: There is always a light at the end of the tunnel.
R U SURE?
Free Mobile Service  Free Estimates  Rock Chip Repairs.
All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards.
Certified .
Let's go then?: : I feel like going to the movies :
I need a spare vacation day to go with it :/
I owe you ice cream
please don't forget to find and friend us at www.Facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic !!
Why are there so many cops outside mag bar?
You hate globalization...
So, start by telling me what is going on in your part of the world.
Good to hear!
:
I had a scary thought.
What if all those Cadbury eggs I ate made me sick?
Aawwhh : Can't wait for the interview Love you both legends : 3
Mariners Win!
Bed Yess!!!
Can't wait for Avicii to come to El Paso, Texas!
1/18/2012!!!
Thanks for the FF for World Autism Awareness Day!
Our blog is dedicated to the day as well!
www.knowledgesafari.com
man rampage fake ass fuck he just tweeted his knee is ok now wtf a week ago he said it was the reason he lost man K dis mofucka M0
so mad.
just when I thought my life was slowly coming back together...
something else screws up everything.
I'm not letting this upset me.
Need to change a class or build a schedule?
Use the Registrar's college scheduler app in the student center to help
He's a good fit for Milw
Very true!
And thanks for cheering me up!
Goodnight ttyl
as long as karl is our coach we make the playoffs every year don't give credit where it's not due
It's very empowering to kill off a lengthy to do list.
For sure!
Very much looking forward to the Tonys!
I wanna dance..
love..
dance, again!
: Looking forward to Thursday Ladies Night with on the stage!
Can't wait either!!!
Asian boys make cute babies  they freaks but they crazy
RT : HAllOfFame is Beethoven's 9th Symphony,.......better than anything on the TV
Agree!
Look how much better exterior of Neyland Stadium is now.
Something def.
needs to be done to TBA, too.
haha then there is no fine line, just a lot of blood everywhere.
lol
He's about to get on Facebook he says.
Thanks for following Watch this space for proms and language project news.
You rock!:
Happy Friday!
A big FF to because she has a great blog  entertaining tweets.
One to follow for sure!
hooray!!
photo sent :
tell me now
Why do they say Ive got nothing to lose because i know if i were to lose you, Ive just lost everything.
A late night roadtrip to Muskegon, mi
Oh I Got A Edible Arrangement 4 Yo Ass Alright!!!!!!!
i luvv u!
u are so little and cute: and u have a great personality!
You listening ?
RT : Yes.
Lili Taylor would be the perfect Anjelica mentee
Damn I'm hungry bout to fix a chicken sammich
only values what I say when reiterated by professorssors
It takes the same amount of energy to wish as it does to plan.
Stop wishing, start planning!
Tonight's Special: Shrimp Basket 10!
RT Emily says, who am I going to send home?
Besides the dude with the egg, right?
is there a Falcons background???
weather warming up, get trash enclosures cleaned and power washed on a regular basis to reduce smell and bug problems
Headed back to the crib but first gonna stop and get somethin to eat, and watch the game.
lol, i am a very busy man with work and coaching girls basketball
Wow, I haven't talked to someone on the phone for more than 30 minutes since high school.
Definitely not gonna stop smiling now
Seven pages of Bin Laden coverage in tomorrow's UnionTribune.
Thanks for the follow!
Love your site it'll definitely help us lower our budget for props, so thanks again!
haha you should get one today!!
But YES!!!
Road trip this summer :
9 tickets to graduation is not enough...seriously i need 2 more then im all good
I thought that the Twitter:101 Basics session was excellent!
You did a great job with your presentation, and I am glad I attended.
why say ohh
A1: Initially I wanted to be an artist but working at an ed nonprofessort  an internship made me an
I love when my iPod is on shuffle  every song that plays is awesome  I don't have to skip any!
It'sthelittlethingsinlife
we won our biz startup competition SWMadison!
would you guys mind doing a story about us?
yeah, it's all built up over 2 games..
i gotta get it out.
i cant say it on my other account.
endoftheworldconfessions I've been sitting on my balcony since 9 am...
Weird?
who doesn't hate the SAT ?
www.sandovalnation.webs.com  join if you want to survive the zombie apocalypse
I need an intern; must be willing to do everything I don't want to do.
Basically, I need to hire me.
Got leave you alone
She knew she wanted to say somethin to me but she didnt cuz my family was there
awesome!!!
Can I have some??
lol
Don't assume my tweets are about you.
But if youre affected by them, then that obviously means youre guilty of something.
your not the only one with your break ruined: or your heart.
oh okay.
Yeah, I have to write two more essays and do two more finals...
How kind!
Love you back!
: I'm already sick of the Century 21 teases for their commercial.
brandbowl Agreed!
Yes, I am following and I have no shame in that.
Just scored on in 21 and out of anger the dude slammed the ball and hit himself in the face!
You're always in my way
is getting her own show on MSNBC.
stoked!
I love sweatshirts:
Shall we start it here?
I can't find it ever happening here, but it must have.
Moore and Ingram, both should be good for a TD this week.
Does anyone have 102,000 I can borrow?
The Space Adventures company is advertising suborbital flights.
I am a little short this month.
Awesome!
We can't wait to help you out, keep us posted!
Also, thank you for the referral!
Tonight is an opening reception of Rene Lynch Leda's Daughter at hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK where NEW CITY ART FAIR will be held.
Shoot it to me in an email:
feel like going to Disneyland right now,thanks to :p
: I kinda wish everyone would just get along for a day.
No arguments, no doctorma.
thatllbetheday.
I'm with you!!
I was gonna buy some veggies but I got too annoyed at being denied Tanqueray and left.
Fuck you too Winn Dixie!
Aw RT That was gay
logan looks funny
Do not need more shoes  no, actually what am I thinking, of course I need more shoes!!!!
Have lost more than 4 this week!
That's what happens when u stop eating 1/2 of an Argentinean cow a day!
Great beef  fat butt ;0/
I just laughed at a Jay Leno joke.
Final panels at cwcon 2011.
Looking forward to NCState!
Thanks for sharing our Storytelling article!
Amen!
We walk by faith, not by sight.
Miss Ya!
See you there!
Conventions exist because they WORK and we continue to use them because they do.
DONT try to reinvent the wheel!
I hate that quote.
A Birthday is celebrating that you're still alive for this long
going to enjoy the christmas break!
concentrating on Boxing and BJJ training for the next 6 weeks What are you guys all doing?
Fuck I was super extra Banjee tonight :/
crazy to still see the photos we took in front of the prison for brother Troy Davis.Can't believe we are here again
Happy National Pancake Day!
I think that deserves a pannenkoeken or two.
I'm obsessed with the hummus and pannenkoeken chips...
give it...
I want to watch the Avengers again.
It's too cold to even be considered May.
what it dew
: : Follow  oh thanks!
at least you didnt tell me to fuckoff lmao
I was thinking the same thing
Why is it that when you send something by ship it's called cargo but when it's on a car it's called a shipment?
sounds like I'm missing a great presentation!
Hey hey hey!!
So!
LoL.
Revision to yesterday39;s blog; HIIT workout: bedding in new brake ...
it's not close : Bucky and Marquette both are in Sweet 16, so I get to doctorve to Phoenix tomorrow for Marquette.
Good times.
Dont waste today regretting yesterday instead of making a memory for tomorrow.
social2011 sharing Dell won 1 social brand, yet still a lot to do.
R6 will help to improve engagement, insights
Palm Sunday is the great doorway leading into Holy Week
That sad moment when I can't see my mom on mothers day because she lives in a different country.
RT : Nothing like a hot tub featuring music from with on a hazy LA morning
Pam walking thru her history as an admin: credits osmosis, taking classes on her own, for her career growth
Jess can you text me, got a new phone but the same number
Hey fellow place fans is next weekend!
What projects, ideas and questions do you want to bring to the table?
YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME?
Your doing great!!
We are proud of you..

I'm digging the plenary, maybe do 3:30?
Just let me know!
yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Still some time for tailgate parties!
Power up those TV's with the PowerHotSpot from SolisEnergy!
www.solisenergy.com
For the record.
Win or lose I've never been sold on Matt Ryan as a top 10 QB.
Temperature 103.7!!!
Lord save me!
do animals go to heaven?
Beautiful weather in nashville 's musicrow !
peopleneedtostop complaining.
Happy Birthday!
We'd love to treat you to a free birthday dessert, so just let your server know you're celebrating!
Enjoy!
Here too in Austin!
But more expected /Austin so green now..
Running today!
Not a traditional race plenty of mud.
Biggest concern my leather seats after race
it's in ATL and i do need a MUA!
Anglophone vs.
Francophone sources, personal/family vs.
state histories, roadsigns!
nice to meet you!
you sure that's what they were talking about?
Or the last door is unlocked.
I liked it  I wonder if I'll get in trouble with my hard lefto pals ;
Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah star in feel good flick, 'Joyful Noise'.
Photos of the duo in action here:
I can't.
Alas, I am but a concept.
But maybe other campers can!
Don't get me started on Siri.
Try telling her you're a tour bus and see what she says.
Or the rapes RT : Its the playoffs.
Kobe will not miss a game just because he has the shits
My 9:35 class was cancelled, ergo, making french toast.
My associate, PJ Ochlan, is an excellent coach.
His students are doing so well.
Build your entourage with us.
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
nyc treated me right.
My mom wants me to help fold clothes...
I'm sleeping mom
wife had same problem with her younger brother, I think he finally let her win.
:
this week is going by fast !
MomentsICanNeverForget crossing the river to come into America!
RT : you are one of the most amazing singers I've ever known.
come again next year!
:D thank you so much!!
I will be There for you Even through Thick and Thin I will never fall When hope is loss Crown the Empire I'll always be there for her3 :
Go Home  Sleep
Cool!
We should grab lunch sometime then.
Twang it up!
RT : Man LA don't make um like the south In need of a
mine is 'sharon monroe jack daniels'
I hope she took the expensive weave and not that 9.99 shit
you're a fucking idiot
Rocking out to Hanson's Christmas album to get ready for the party.
Oh yeah.
The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup.
And no one will care.
It was good to catch the last part of the MarriageChat, blessings ALL!
Game 7 starting to get away from the Winterhawks.
Oil Kings score early in the 2nd to make it 30.
Still plenty of hockey left.
Making a spinach lasagne and baking a blueberry pie for tonight, while awaiting the arrival of my sisinlaw, her husband, and their twins.
Follow my personal twitter?
I follow back : 3
You can't work out shit with a mf that dnt wanna be worked with...
Think about it
You know if you shaped like a N64 controller, you getz no play
just followed ya lady and i got ur email as well :0
nah, not if your playing on D
OMB that's a lonngggggg way!!!
The mall is like 30 min away from mah house.
TebowGotTradedFor A Shamwow And A Neck Pillow For Peyton.
Questions asked while Im counting something will be answered by louder counting;while watching my tv show by louder tv volume.See a pattern?
Thanks, Stephen.
When do I get your galleys?
So excited to be going over e.
e.
cummings in English class today.
Still wanting to find the meaning of life....
Me and my friend are going fishing.
Let me know if you have a Hendersonville lake house with private dock we can use.
Too many boats out.
now following via Please take a look back and let me know if I can ever help w info..
Thanks..
Can't wait to get off so I can style my own hair....geesh, even the stylist herself needs a new hair style!
Want to get your fashion brand in front of TOP influencers?
We'll be at blogher shecon TOTC and MCC.
Need we say more?
I finally have a twitter.
Goodnight.
.
, I just mentioned all the knee injuries lately.
I said Derrick Rose, Iman Shumpert, Baron Davis.
said Who
Are you serious?
Turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you.
Wish I'd realized what I had when I had you.
my point, mister Math, was that there were 9 innings of offense to come back.
I really miss watching Adoctoran Beltre smack dingers.
It seems at times that I am addicted to exercise and that my life depends on it...wait, IT DOES!!
Improve your quality of life, EXERCISE!
hey i love ur videos please follow me : thanks so much
all recipes looked toss.
Daft yanks
It's been such a long time since the Thunder played, it seems so weird that they're back.
I've seen the 4th and 1 rollout for the lady time I hope.
But how does the unconference work?
Using Twitter?
Guys, I'm going to be honest.
I don't think I can handle six more months of Mitt Romney.
Had a great trip to the Atlanta Apparel Mart to source some new private label items for Memento!
RT : Dave Terry, ,  all the sponsors have pulled off an AWSOME doctorpal Biz Summit here in Atlanta.
THNX!
Looking forward to Monday.
Got Work?
Bring it on, we are ready.
lol, love it, thanks for the shout out :
Congrats Chrissssssy!
So happy for you!
you deserve it girl!
Next year is going to be wonderful :
Romans 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
our games are march 31 and april 2
I've only been on summer vacation for a Week and my summer has already been fuckin awesome!
Everyone has someone in their life that keeps them looking forward to another day.
NF...
thanks for the follow hun
bahaha you guys.
Fine make your burrito yourself.
Haha
Found  FLOORED...so excited I shopped at 10:30p.m.
can you fix my lentil allergy?
Pretty please?
follow me please:D
our new strategic plan.
Its a big academic library system.
Ugh she make my ass hurt
killed his verse on Mercy!
I got it on brain repeat ...
lol
ahh wow!
butch walker seriously is great i am hooked.
haha i see why you like the guy, thats going to be you!!
I think you are getting some parody tweets tonight.
DM me,if you can.
Have a good weekend.
Random fact 1 He likes ketchup on everything!:
If Romney takes Wisconsin he's going be the the guy the GOP nominates to lose to Obama in November
i mean if its that big of deal that me  cassie took some icing off of a cake?
Lmfao
imma stay awake forever in my rick ross voice
Of course I HAD to go there, lol
Happy Easter!
neridahart: in Chicago  in transit to NY  well organised airport  am impressed
1st day of Summer you will b able to download the WeDoThis Mixtape
Thanks to you both!
is a labor of love.
:
Someone just turned off the lights.
when you just wake up and get a text from with the lyrics to a song!!!!!!!!!!!
mike brown can tell them the ultimate plan, but its up to the players to execute.
People blame coaches too much.
Excited about premiere of Manifest THIS.
Ooer!
Just seconds to ...
well, the pregame stuff.
Movie at 8!
So apparently my TV is being flown to BWI.
That's nifty.
It's swelteringly hot out this weekend...escape the heat and the hassle by booking PlanetTran.
In my view, the Oscars would gain a lot if they would just replace lots of it with a festival of the animated short nominees.
she Bad Cause Her last Niggah Told Her thatt
Ephesians 1:4 Even before he made the world, God loved us and chose us in Christ to be holy and without fault in his eyes.
thanks!
You too!
ActionMassive Results
Just got invited to serve on Educause Mid Atlantic Regional Conference Committee!
Love those colored ribbons...
SO TRUE!!
RT if anyone has to step on anyone to get anywhere...it's not really progress.
3
bummer, but that's what downtown abbey does to ya.
of course he is, he's the glorious product of PPE
Everything students need to do, we need to explicitly teach
I want to answer your question but can't DM you.
Email me?
cdunn  strength.org.
Ty!
Those fucking cute ass relationships 
say whaaaaaaaa?
Strokes or Nickel Eye?
Almost got ran over by a semi this morning.
Check Out one of Washington's Gems, Art Past and Present....
Say it ain't so!
Are you really going to monkey with SkyMiles program, make it even harder to redeem miles?
You can only rely on your doctorve, and you can never switch gears.
Powered by.....
Its now bedtime I'm gonna regret staying up this late when.
My nephew wakes me up in the morning
: I'm so bored right nowwant me to excite u?
hahaha its okay!
There ain't shit to do on a Monday night!
You are always on it with the RTs!
Really appreciate it
Happy day  sox game  box seats
But yeah that probably won't happen any time soon
FRESH Clausen's Bakery dailycheck us out!!
Hoping everyone has a lovely wgi finals day!
Have a great time guys!
At home rooting for all the indiana guards!
guardlove!!
And im going to fart in your general direction RT : Good day of workouts.
Now time for an episode of Ateam on
Wait.
Why is that guy playing shirtless trumpet in his car?
i hate it when people get a lot of followers then decide they are too cool for twitter and only tweet a couple times a day.
her and the other thing one that was on the stage looked alike
It would be amzin if u followed me but ik u won't so have a grand day tomorrow muchlove3
On the train: This is your guard speaking, which for you means he who shall be obeyed, even if England didn't win.
18 days!
The count down continues.
so many hot Brazilian boys at the outlets right now
Fridays have the best Happy Hours of the week!
What are you reading?
yu my girl
haha I knew you'd get a kick out of it!
Excited for this year.
I'm baking again this year haven't decided on a flavor send me any suggestions!
At the Activist Coalition of Towson right now.
talking about unityrally, trayvonrally, and other events.
Definitely going to The Last Circus tonight at midnight.
Another show added!
June 2nd at Belle's Bar in Frederick, MD
True!
Come to Seattle  we'll visit his kitchen.
Benefit?!
RT : I have  he's delightful.
We hope all of the mothers had a beautiful day yesterday!
Still a bit squiffy so taking the train to the xfactor studio today , listening to unreleased Bellefire album on my ipod.
MEGA!
is i
Missing practice today :/
When I feel frustrated, I take a break.
My actions serve me best when my energy is lined up with what I want.

Alright, who broke into our office and pressed the Close Campus button again for Wednesday?
Who is trav....why we want him to hold up??
RT : don't do it!!!
That's grimy yo...
BMB  I don't do baby mothers...I'd rather his sister word lol
I need my Tv's Setup...
Like no Tv is good but dang or what not
Nice catch Tommy Boy!
Thanks Great day in Studio City, POTUS visiting neighborhood tonight:
The hockey gods must be angry at the NHL.
We could have an all small market 2nd round.
Whoa boy!
I do want a zombie landscape sculpture
I just finished this pop track bro.
Its hot!
Fruit butter's are healthy and delicious.
Have you ever thought about putting it on greek yogurt or ice cream?
Yes yes.
The divas are back tomorrow at 8 pm.
Signature Live!!!!
I'm thinking they r going to rock the house again!!!!!
aww I'm sorry.
I actually like to go outside and watch the sky before a bad storm
Follow Back man
you know your curious......
no doubt is playing in food lion aw
help spread the word about our Special Needs Activity Center 4Kids!
we are always in need of helpdonations!
www.snacknyc.com
You think Myspace isn't a bad place to go to listen to bands but it's weird if a friend has a professorle there.
describes both 2004  2012
Sarah's awkward face in 3...
2...
kid, your dataset is inferior.
::insert pompous dork chortle here::
yaa the hunger games ;
doing what makes me happy...
Great news!
happy mothers day3
DougWGann was too long.
doctorann was too pretentious.
So DugGann it is.
Hello twitterverse.
God you :p
When kids visit parents in prison, the inmates' disciplinary incidents go down, saving taxpayers considerable resources.
Don't like that's that shit I don't like bang bang
Thanks for the follow:
time to get all up in that gym and sweat this weekend out!
do u guys have school still going on in the summer
First rule to building a new wardoctorbe...get rid of stuff you wore 10 years ago.
Same is true with new success.
Clean out the closet!!
Thank you Karen, means a lot!
:
Maybe you guys can hire me for one day and fly me up there.
I could be like a popup employee.
It's conceptual.
I never thought I'd want more Blaine but he's totally rocking this episode.
webster just asked me to take over ur duties on FB hahaha status's, comments and so forth : I'll do my best
throw up noise hopefully that's all it is feel better :
lol tyler cheated!
O:
With just one look, you can silence a room ;
TCGD RUNNING!!!
up 2,900 and the ask slaps continue...
Get 'em
Tired ass hell my babies sleep my WIFEY getting sumthing to eat then we r off to bed watching movies what a day
Just brought back the snow thrower from the repair shop  thanks JR Sales.
Bring on the snow!!
I like your Twitter page back ground.
Was it a single image you uploaded?
the 2nd Charles Daniels song of the day.
Devil went down to Georgia!
Brooksville, KY is jamming today!
time for the
Loving the tweet up with and many more.
Late night is great for networking, no doubt.
Crotch torch
Lucky Charms are the best thing since fruit rollups
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
I feel like I got punched in the stomach by the incredible hulk.
Not a good way to start the week.
When is the last time you came to an event at the Library?
What was it?
so where are u from?
:
but like I said I'm a tone it down for you, I ain't gone lie I missed yo ass lol
I spent the last day watching gameofthrones and now I'm a little bit obsessed.
Thanks:
Not excited about Jake Westbrook pitching in Cincinnati tonight.
My prediction: 5.2 IP, 5 ER.
Shots, music, and loud y go to the club when u can do that shit at home!
This smell.
Is.
Amazing.
Great nutrition parenting book: how to get your child to eat, but not too much by Ellyn Satter.
Fantastic advice!
Sharp and EkmanLarsson
yeah exactly.
If your trying to enhance your cooking ability, IE is perfect for you
Ch.11 The cost per inmate went up in Alabama
WHERE ARE THE NERDY HISTORY TWEETS?
Or are you too focused on the presentations?
only bc my inner merch girl came out and safety pinned the front of my doctorss up so I wouldn't trip!
Long day  the weeks not over yet
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Check out !
FREE tool for teachers!
Online portfolios for dev.
milestones  memories!
Parents 3 love it!
Lazy Saturday taking care of my sick fiancée and reading.
for the right stuff  visual products  pinterest can be very valuable to a merchant
Playing the follow game with 
PROMISES KEPT, DESTINATION MET.
The DIGNITY of OUR NATION has been restored by a man who is TRUTHFUL and can be TRUSTED.
PURPLE SWING IT OUT
Hey Chandoctor, meant to thank you for the retweet.
Thanks.
:
You do it I Did it,I been on my Job
I am going to bed happy.
Hunger games stupid long
I'm reeeeaally feeling twitter today.
A cool change from fb.
Guest speaker will be State Rep Vicki Barnett.
Barnett is serving her second term in the Michigan House representing the 37th district.
How do you know when you're out of invisible ink?
Know of any new businesses opening up in the Baltimore area that I should know about?
omg!
This may be the longest amount of time we haven't seen each other in 3 years.
It's like we're divorced.
Thanks for the RT bro.
We're excited to see you at the stadium!
Gym tan wrestle!
Happy 238th Anniversary to the Boston Tea Party!
wow somethings just fall in place when u least expect it to so thank u lord because u kno wat i need n want n ur a;ways on time
Beauty cause' she my fav but I luv all of tho.,
ever been autographing DVDs for a good 10 min before ya realize you've been sucked in by Apple TV's Wildlife Screensaver?
Just me...
The soul can not think without a picture.
Niggas say they have cars like us, but do they?
ok, thats just my opinion.
Me, too.
RT : Tears and goosebumps.
thank u you too
It's going to be a tough play and Nunez can't make it.
....
I think I've heard that before.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Europe was an alien land then as any temporally very remote place would be.
Christianity had reached Ireland a little earlier.
Im STILL waiting for them to addoctorss that
I believe I do!
I'll find them on my terabyte.
Very curious!
Will have to read when I'm awake!
Hello How is everyone doing today???
that bad behavior thats how zion goin act to BAKS lol
My brother just said he likes Call Me Maybe I Swear he is adopted.
Maria, if NYC is in your upcoming travel plans, we should arrange for you to check out Molyvos' wines!
It's actually a silver chain with a purple rock on it.
I bought it on a school field trip when I was 6 years old...and it still fits  lol
Poor kid was sick the day they handed out project assignments.
She got what was left, but she was in great spirits about it.
Gettin' excited for baseball.
H.S.
season starts in 1 week, M's start in about a month.
Can't wait!
He wants clean sand to put his head in.
R u surging ahead with mobile marketing  apps or just starting ur mobile engine?
Join us 2night 4
Wow another missed dunk for the awful auzzie.
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass
Jesus, Mary, and Joan Rivers!
Art History time.
Rip The Runway!!!!
the highest aspiration of any brand mascot is to be beloved by celebrities  don'tcha think?
Ah Vincent's birthday is tomorrow , well soon !
when are you going to come to houston texas man
That's the Hook Right Thurr!
That's the Hook Right Thurr!
Blinked and gas prices went up 10 cents.
I'm realizing that what I've eaten today contains mostly sugar and caffene.
This can't be good for me...
just trying a new things
DID YOU GET THE NEW Mix The Hardest Hit yet???
Magazines should really make pictures more cutter friendly
so are y'all seriously trying to overcharge 60 customers at once at 4:33 am in Arkansas?
I'm gonna fly continental next time.
Trading Fucito AND Neagle, really?
Sure seems like Sounders fked up big time.
Not the kind of news I was looking for on a Friday night.
jonas fans are awsm jonas fans
Innocently reading The last lecture and got selected for the first criminal jury pool.
Not excited but could be worse.
Learn to take care of your own responsibilities, its not my job.
I mean I can't even order some dominoes cause everything gotta add up to atleast 15 ...Who said I was planning on spending all that..
And this is my que to go to sleep.
Night fellas!
Just appreciate good basketball thats all  PSA Young Niggas are taking over Juicy J voice
just move to Tenn from NC nice to know there r O's fans around.
don't work too hard!
Stay open.
Have Faith in yourself.
Trust in the significance of your life and the purpose of your passion..
just followed!
Hope she follows back!
Key to social is engagement with followers.
These next seven games against Mets, Astros, Twins will be good gauge of how Brewers perform against teams they really ought to beat.
great explanation by Nick DiCristo owner and founder of ClickCom.com of Mobile Web and Mobile Apps
Seriously?
Noah sent Allie 365 letters.
I think you can manage to text me back.
Ready to get tattooed or pierced this weekend?
COME ON OVER TO LAUGHING BUDDHA!
We've got plenty of jewelry and very talented artists.
DO IT
The Varsity Movie this weekend is We Bought a Zoo for Christmas!
Tickets are just 2 with your MU ID!
Our great Tshirt sale is coming soon in 2011, stay tuned.
Sphere Promotional Media  Design www.spheregs.com
y y y y.
Did cops let's him go.
just got asked twice if i ate the rest of the brownies, WHAT THE HELL?!
i didnt freaking eat them!
why do they always assume its me....
Those two tend to get me working too!
The Sox have Dave Roberts, the Cardinals have David Freese..
He knows the only way to get to me is to get me to the money
Are your teeth whiter?
CENA looks good in Green :
I heard the DTV is better then cable but is not going to be avialalbe for another 2 month
Are you a HotchADo or a HotchADon't?
I dare someone to name that movie!
50 off HotchADo at www.crowdclick.com
Pacquiao vs Marquez: The Slippery Slope of Angel Heredia and ...
RT : If you don't ASK, you don't GET.
Seems simple but some folks need to be reminded.

prebcs...irrelevant argument.
LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome.
TX Wes closes regular season with road win in Austin.
246 regular season record: Conference tourney this weekend and hopefully nationals
John Quinones announces his run for Congress.
Dems on the brink of possibly losing a safe seat.
Not good.
We're looking forward to seeing old friends and meeting new ones at nwsa2011!
RT : When you live in gratitude, you bring more good stuff to you
Hear hear!
RT : Can't say enough good about .
Support for  the WordPress Austin community  awesome.
Ordered groceries from peapod using app on phone while on vacation.
We got in late last night.
Fresh groceries just delivered now.
whoop whoop!
and the everfamous, AH BALLS!
LOL, that'd have to be some obscure scoring system to make that work!
stay on
My pleasure  the post was really enjoyable and interesting.
Good job!
I wonder if that same logic applies to when 'Bron gets grief as well
Tell RJ to tell mister Rivers to text me.
Ah.
WHERE?
: you can win a contest to go to prom with the sundoctorp girl?
wow xD
i strongly believe that the title is making fun of me for not being able to finish it.
Can you follow me i just follow you!!!!!
It's like you know my every move.
Happy Earth Day!
A Bible
That means it's time for bed.
Can a huge packers fan get a RT on his birthday.
Packer 4 life!
we love you so much: never doubt that
MSU Meet Mountbatten Admissions, Michelle and Becky, at the Global Opportunities Fair and Conference today.
Live, Work and Study in London
what is tweeting too much?
Color me confused....
YES.
even the kids are sick of that song by now.
Live.
Write.
Thrive.
what are you grrrrrrrring about
Have you set aside this Friday to come hang out at ???
You should 'cause there's so much to do: bit.ly/sW2Ean
Give me a museum and Ill fill it.
Picasso quote..
someone had selfconfidence!
We prepared an article and series of interviews to guide you through the maze of events during National Police Week www.CopsAlive.com
Watched the Rock Horror Picture Show tonight for the first time...
It was both amazing and all sorts of confusing!
It's so EASY 2 doubt the beautiful possibilities of life making life HARD, but so HARD 2 believe failure is nothin more than tools 4 growth
True!
Need to integrate CRM, MAS  BI to get complete picture.
WSINetEffects.
Would you classify any 1as all in 1 tool?
NW : Major League ..
look at this f'kin guy
I miss Pretty Little Liars!
lmao you're a gorgeous one :p there you go lmao
NormalDirtyFunnySeriousSilence
Yes!
RT : Using Zaarly to snatch up odd jobs.
Should I tweet this?
Just did.
Thanks for the ff!
done.
dm me an email if you want to hear the first black metal song with a shuffle beat.
not joking
Misconception 1Harmony helps.
Smooth interaction among collaborators avoids timewasting debates about how best to proceed.
Wow, seats are going fast!
:  nigga only thing weak is yo english lol whoah i peeped this!
Who is this trying my poopy????
Lol that just made me laugh!!
I can't stand you!!
The endless vacation is officially over 
Pedoctor Alvarez 02 in his debut in the cleanup spot so far.
If you are what you eat, I'm a mashed potato.
If you are what you do, well, I haven't done very much lately, so I'm a mashed couch potato
welcome to the club!!!
call me a money magnet..when I move money move
Do any of my followers have an odd appreciation for email copy?
Can the Bears pull this off today?
They have some leverage and are trying to pull the DOW to zero or less.
The NASDAQ is already negative.
FINALLY DONE WITH DEBATES
I've suddenly developed a strange liking for the band, Weezer.
prom is gonna go ham!
can't wait to go to the TCAs this would be my second year going :' can't waait
you shouldn't tease fat kids w pictures of yummy ice cream dishes!!!
Looks so good!!!
John's Pass Pirate Days today, come out and see my new statue costume!
RT : Our Pick 'n Save store at 1715 W.
Silver Spring in Glendale is hosting a Brat Fry from 92 to benefit
i wish i could sleep.
I'd love to see a scientific study comparing the  of jerks in the general population to the  of jerks among website commenters.
You're awesome!!
Set out for Detroit to do a photo shoot yesterday and came home with a foster daughter last night.
Life changes so fast...
Fred brill: can't wait for state to provide world class Ed.
We have to figure out new ways to get .
lol  inciting fear of terrorism  if that were a crime in the US, the prisons would be filled with politicians and members of the press.
your absence will never diminish this love for you!
I continue to send you Pure Thoughts filled with rivers of emotion:
Pissed I lost all of my work credentials and credit cards  what a hassle !
great tips, thanks for sharing!
have a great weekend.
:
It's not easy to convert from being an inherent night owl to a morning person, but it's a change I want and have to make to evolve.
you know it.
Best 3 hour recovery nap I could ask for.
GO FOLLOW I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ON THAT ACCOUNT :
had to be one of the sweetest guys I've ever met, band guys or not.
I've already seen Jason in concert ;
really.
U do a cover story on Seaworld changing fro coke to Pepsi yet she gets a few sentences I on the move?
See you in Burlington Ma!
wine kegs thats an interesting innovation
Fuck in the ear.
Wisc.
comes in as 10th best shooting team in BT
Plan for next year
Cant decide on a eyebrow pencil?
if your a blonde get a pencil 2 shades darker than your hair..
Nadina Mackie Jackson was there last I knew.
So, they're either looking for someone who can fill her shoes or be her equal.
The Celtics can suck my dick, the Sixers can DEFINITELY suck my dick, the Pacers can suck my dick, the Heat can suck my dick...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
doctornks soon?
I think we will hit the 70 mark today.
Got the razor and cram on standby so ill be shaving too.
Sup world
Check out my blog!
I would love a guest blogger!
Perhaps that is why I prefer bookstores to libraries.
Or maybe it's just because I've worked in too many libraries.
We are exhibiting at SoCo2010 too.
Stop by our booth to see and enter to win a 50 giftcard!
Have FUN!
Hope 2 mt u!
tarot 4lovers: The Empress.
When you are fired with love and passion it shows, you ooze beauty and happiness, share it out!
hey, where are you?
How are you?
What's going on?
but nothing about bacon is good, so ugh
lol sorry my ipod won't tell me if you are :p
I'll definitely check it out!
Thanks
didyouknow fr Komen dustup  reputation mgmt consultants?
What happened to PR?
Social Media happened.
News cycle now in real time.
And his catching mitt is made out of dough!
RT Doumit had 5 DPs in 236 PA last year.
Again: that's 3 in his first 20 of 2012.
The Extraordinary You in 5 Days Workbook almost finished editing, I will need a new me after this, will keep you posted when available.
Oh man, you don't know what you just started.
Queues up Flood.
Listening to Metallica and putting family pictures on my walls.
Feeling rather nostalgic.
Adulthood/living on my own is hard sometimes!
:/
: Never make promises you can't keep.
It destroys relationships and trust.
welp i only got 7mins lft on this library pc lol so i will hollat at yaw wen i leave here lol twitter on my Iphone better anyway lol
ATL Thanks for supporting The Karaoke / SpokenWord Open Mic show tonight !
See you next Thursday.
Same time.
Same place.
uh oh, it went ghost on ya?
Please follow me on Instagram!
Hausofamanda
instructional screencasts provide educational, cognitive and affective value for students  if presented just in time
Also, it looks like the show is really diverging from the book.
Not sure how much I like this.
I'm really starting to think its impossible to feel beautiful anymore.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 46F FAIR
Yes, what and said!
We're missing out, but glad you're there to represent us absentee museum nerds.
Word to dudes getting tattoos of psychedelic pizza slices on a Sunday.
I love this place!
How Youu mean .
doctorke voice ..
When my sister was little, while passing by eucalyptus trees on a road trip.
She said: Mommy, smells like dishwashing soap!
:
Hi Sarah!
I love your show; glad you stand up strong next to Samy and Kane!
She just needs to cover up the hip bone!
lol
Maybe next year.
If you pass through NYC anytime let me know.
Heyy!: guess what:
1st contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to the 100th person to sign up on our new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
TGIF !The heat is still on but today is Mambocafe Dallas Back 2 School Party!!so ladies wear your sexiest mini skirt and win great prices .
hmm ya for some reason it wouldnt let me move Fister out of the dl spot after i dumped someone to make room?
Im confused
blameniall when all the foods gone
So excited to head to the Gold Coast tomorrow...long way for a run, but totally worth it for a beach view and some raw vegan food!
RE:That ice cream: Big Bill has always been happy to provide his supporters with things that fell off the back of the truck!
Good morning txla12!
Plenty of time to make a last stop to the exhibit hall  don't forget to thank our sponsors for their support!
Come learn about being an intern at the VAC at the Fine Arts Student Center!
ya know something?....
You suck.
And you're missing out on the 2k tourney tonight
the went aren't I happy when I'm talon to you that lol that's really corny :D
That wasn't even close to fan interference.
It only interference if the fan reaches over the wall to go for the ball.
of me with him and it is the same as on fb
Tuned into Assessment for Instruction webinar.
we can have out our ipods
You can manage multiple sites under one master account.
Each site has its own billing, emails, plans, customization, etc.
Boost Incognito now available in Denver!
179.99 Touch Screen, Full Qwerty Keyboard.
Limited Quantities!
I would totally watch a reality show with and
Lots of funny and cute museumisterlated stuff on my twitter stream right now!
Remember when just talked out of his ass?
...
Ah simpler times.
God hasn't forgotten about you...
stm2012 more than 7,500 OA publications now available does this include hybrid titles?
How did Twilight just end up in this montage?
Has anyone learned to play golf at a desk?
Saw a life from walking across the street to dead...my gawd
S/O to my new followers!
Time to clock in!!!!
thanks!
i really liked the look of them.
no they are metallic jeggings lol..they are in right now lol
Harold Battiste will be our October author night guest!
Details as they become available....
I know!
I love it though.
I love the one of Walken and Pacino
Is that true?
I didn't know it was so short.
Regardless it was a hell of a fight and you were on your way to the W!
Keep it up!
followed sweetie
Luck is a dividend of sweat.
The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Ray Kroc
after I typed that last message I thought the same.
Well that was an interesting doctoram.
Week 2 of languages at SCE..hope we don't get snowed out..
Thanksgiving is for many things: turkey, parties, pie ...
and introducing one's parent to The Vampire Diaries.
LOL
Thank you for helping us spread the word.
yeah I really should be!
: I would be down to chill sometime yo.
Here's to loyal optimism for the Longhorns today: Horns up!
I'm hungry for some HungerGames ;D
have fun!
take pics and Happy One Year!
may there be many more.
You put new fire in the belly of the Priest.
m/ L.
the new video is officially up on our web site right now :
Stayed up all night working
I crack myself up out chea baking outside tho!
I'm going to be in politics...with my pants pulled down nick cannon
The Fray and Kelly Clarkson will perform at Farm Bureau Live at VB on 9/11  tix on sale 4/20 at 10am
u know I am tho
Haha now he's saying he's gonna hack my twitter acct and change my avatar lmao
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
It's study time, childoctorn!
I would certainly like it!
Honored to be part of the Stravinsky Project.
Two more shows this week, come and see!
You need to sell a book of your tweets.
They are like hiaku.
America runs on Dunkin.
I think I just figured out why our country is broken down on the side of the road.
OH MY!
Doesn't seem very patriotic...or does it?
My studies in ancient animation have led to discoveries of encoded and hidden images in the art of seven different ancient cultures.
Steve Blake , where's Kobe?
Getting to the airport 45 mins before my flight and security took me 5 mins at most.
LOVE the only surviving street OF Little ItalyMulberry Street is NYC's hottest restaurant row right nowIl Palazzo is myFAVE
Wants to run through the streets screaming thelockouthasended The Lockout Has Ended!!
First 3 people to give us a video testimony about HCG diet success win 60 GC to our store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
thank you again for sharing our story.
That's what I'm working on....
Gettin that bank shot high off the top of the glass !::
AND I JUST TO WISH EVERYONE A HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND I REALLY WANT TO WISH U IT TOO MMANUEL TOO BAD WE DIDNT GET TO KICK IT HIT ME UP
Thanks much he better
who knew abdc would make me cry..
MilwaukeeCarol  Get Back to Work !!
;
Loving my days off with my baby
Thank you, thank you.
I figured I might as well try to get it.
Thanks!
Also  great list of
If you still flip off the camera in your pictures....please go away.
and a government backed scam at that.
MISSED YOU!!!!!
hahahhahahaha took a long vacation from tweeetterrr.
Listening to edulive; interesting points and data from the Pew Research Center
is a follow to much to ask?
xx 6
it's going to be saaaweeet!
American financial institutions cripple economies all over the world with malicious banking practices, all with govt support.
RT : just posted a new project on in northern california/shoot is 1/5 or 1/6 check it out.
The guitarist for Accept is wearing an Accept tshirt.
We want to give each participant the personal attention they deserve, so space is limited.
Dont delay, take 5 minutes to register NOW..
not going to school.
Read also by Jarrell: Death of the Ball Turret Gunner.
U have 10 fish, 5 doctorwn, 3 come back to life.
How many fish do you have?
Stop counting smart one.
Fish cant doctorwn.
Amen!
RT : 'The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.'  Deepak Chopra
: You never know who your real friends are until you really need something, and then you see who shows up.
We now have video's on our app!!
Giving a whole new meaning to virtual tours!!
Paul Allen outlined his commitment to the Blazers in his public letter earlier this week.
I think he's very emotionally attached 2 the team.
Hoping to mobilize the fam and head to DIA Beacon on this sunny Sunday.
Team2Tone PinkPurple who knows what's up?!!
no problem haha.
:
Admittedly I was too.
You'll love the entire series.
Every season takes on two separate plots.
The second season was one of my favs
Sorry been in Spain my grandmother was in the hospital
come get coffee!
it's doublestampday at lookoutjoe :
I'm getting tired...
Lmao RT : Jsieirisw RT Corey Brewer look like he got an excuse every time he's supposed to pick up his kids.
wookin pa nub RT : its got to be somewhere around here RT Do you know where the Valentine's day section is
congratulations mister.
Yarbrough.
She introduced me to Spelman '85.
Thank you!
I feel like a complete idiot.
hm I'll keep my eye out.
you already know
A diamond bit is a girls best friend.
sadly, I wont be :/ but you can bet I'll be buying a copy when it comes out on dvd!
Ok.
Can we just cut the crap?
There doesn't ever need to be another James Bond song.
Just keep using Chris Cornell's You Know My Name.
how bless u and happy birthday to u lil cuz how old r u
I'm a big fan!
Elaine Thompson and I were talking about your work the other day.
I definitely need to come see you.
she's right.
I'd do the same if i was her..
just checked online  they're only selling the long one!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation.
and a follow back would be nice too: 3 6
We interviewed a lawn guy a couple of weeks ago who admitted he pays his employees in weed.
Only in Memphis.
NBA has 6 fouls because they play 8 more minutes.
Both NBA and college allow one foul every 8 minutes.
Fake Balling Season Is In B Safe cause they can only ball once a year
Enjoy Easter Sunday.
Life.
Breath.
Abundance.
Redemption.
Old things are passed away.
All things NEW.
love you too.
:D and i fixed the tweet!
Target commercial is awesome.
are you guys doing the startup week again this year : ?
If you're going to meet Charlie Bewley tonight, please contact me with story and pix.
I'll feature you in an article for my column.
Brrrr it's cold out there.
Who is ready for a face melting performance by tonight?
why does every other girl get a follow back or reply but I get nothing?
Hope everyone has an exciting and fun Superbowl.
And remember, no bb guns.
my brother needs to get a life...
all he does is sit on the computer playing a video game.
i got on for 5mins today, he kicked me off..
RT NeverShouldYouEver take a good thing for granted .
It only hurts you in the end .
You're just a stranger now.
You get used to it after awhile.
Don't you agree?
Its intermission at Miss Saigon and im sitting next to some rachet people.lol
At the law offices of Sirody, Freiman  Feldman, we are commited to providing you with the best, most experienced bankruptcy attorneys.
PROTECTIVE CELL PHONE CASE
u no wat would be REALLY cool????????????????
if u followed me back!!
:D isnt that cool...
yeah not gonna happen...
:P
ILOVEYOU3 PRETTY PLZ FOLLOW ME  YOU WILL MAKE MY DAY WONDERFUL!
absolutely gorgeous.
And once you've used the Kessler slider it's hard to do without.
whoops, meant to say 2 years!
Still awesome!
Are you gonna kiss me or not?!
the wait for the next book is torture.
get better soon.
I hate fevers as I'm normally 96.8
You must understand the history of the land and people before you open your big fat american mouths about the people of whom you know SQUAT!
Shes paying for my taxi
Today, CRJ kicked off Spirit Week!
Oh yes, we've got serious spirit!
Rt!
Thank u!
lol Nicholas is singing and I'm resting your father is reading game informer.
You see any cool scenery?
Going home tomorrow.
Spending all day with my niece and nephews.
I have never seen a guitar played so well before
1 it tastes so good 2 easy 3 no real fat.
: Good baking requires butter, consistency, time,  accuracy.
Hit one of us up for a ticket to that show though!
Hey tweeps, been a great year.
Couldn't have done it w/o ur support  fanhood.
Let's keep it up!!
cc:
fuck it...
pandora is good enough for me.
3
RT  Can I be a hoe ass nigga for a minute?
Okay before yesterday I thought Troy Davis was a defensive back for the Mia...
Getting ready for COMPOST class with Wipe Out Waste!
Blog and photos to follow!
I'd just like to take this time to thank Obama for killing NASA and maned space exploration.
For what?
Goverment health care?
This information is in contradiction of all the other indicators that we have, DWD Secretary Newson, on BLS report of April job loss.
I love all my tattoos..
I dont know just yet......
you get my txt about it??
I forgot how much my cubicle plant Filbert has missed me.
You will pull through Filbert!
I do, great show, would have loved to be on it.

looks like it's already switching over in Hoffman Estates!
RT : Feb.
is Pet Dental Health Month.
This vid explains the importance of pet dental health  how you can maintain it....
Call for submissions coming soon.
Get a jump on it.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.
Laurence Sterne
I forgot my quesadia maker!
Does anyone know how to turn off my location....
It's kind of creeping me out...
Thanks so much for the support!
:
Tonight is Ladies night!!
3 wines and 5 Three Olives vodka.
Don't forget to try our new food items..
Lakeside School of Massage Therapy students will be at the market 9/25  10/2 from 10am  2pm offering free massage.
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden.Then he said to himself, There's something he's needing'
music is in my blood.
i couldnt stop if i wanted to
AHH OMG WE NEED TO HANG.
Good Luck
im sorry
Toothpaste makes me thirsty
The University of Delaware Recruitment Fair is in full swing!
Will be at the Blue Nile tonite for 1yr anniversary party...MSP needs better transit so I don't have to fork over for a taxi
I just gave candy to a trick or treater who was older than I am...
D: I think ben should shut the fuck up and stop talking shit ABOUT MY HERO!
B: Hagrid?
is that why u look like u do i get it D: ok hermine
Thanks!
pnutfreeworld!
Hope you  your Freeling crew have a fabulous Halloween!
CanIBeHonestWithYou If it wasnt b/c of u doin me wrong.We wuld still b together but i wana thank u.u taught how to not fall Easily In Love
clearly I need to change professorssions.
I see your number 6 in the queue or should I say 4306?
See you soon!
Not quite ready for the surgery, but intrigued?
Just ask one of our professorssionals about any of our services that interest you.
We offer a wi
naa, Ima come to your hood soon: Chris day
So impressed with all involved in today's doctorss rehearsal of Boojum!
Why da crap do Nicholas Cage hav 2 die  da end of Season of da Which!?
Jeff Plant Duo will make your Friday complete!
The show starts at 7pm tonight!
TRUTH!
RT : be yourself if it don't work fuck them
This is the FinalCountdown.
We know you can do it.
At the very least, I think I can get into Disneyland...
How is it possible that I got to that before or ?
you too!!
Thank you so much for coming!!
Give NBA teams 45 shots per possession and they are likely to score.
Digital touch points shape the way we feel about a brand
Sitting in a liquor store today on a distributor doctorve along.
m Giordano's pizza is the best!!!
lolz calm down now.
Like Kowalski always says.
I guess he left before I could say what happened hehe.
Will you let him know?

..
I'm forreal ..
n why mistersweat wRight u up ?
As much shit I talk to him lmao he never right me up ...
Under 12 hours to DCtheatre's biggest cast, crew, and audience party all year, joined by special guest !
Thanks bud RT : Good luck to and hope you all get it done vs.
UMD and win in Tampa.

you need Harry or Spence ASAP!!

our first tweetup Now Ur Mobile!!!
Life Is Definitely What You Make of it....
Trust Me, I Know This, I'm Living Proof!
How was powerhouse?
I want to see pictures so I can tease you girls
my bday passed got a cute guitar!!!feb,22
i dislike you right now.
Why not!?!
:
YO MOUTH SAYING.U N A RELATIONSHIP BUT YO BODY SAYING U SINGLE
I heard a rumor we are chasing Tito but its probably just chatter.
2nd Team All NBA  Westbrook, Rajon Rondo, Carmelo, Blake Griffin, Tyson Chandler
I would love to cum there.....
what r yall watching
I think some people really DO wake up and say or think or believe  It's over.
and that's okay.
It's good to know what you DON'T want.
Hey there  thanks for the follow!
We're all about having fun too!
Enjoy your day  doctornk more coffee!
;
And Councilmember Tommy Wells just walked in to our event !

let us know how the mtg goes.
Inquiring minds in Milwaukee want to know!
Does my shadow make my ass look big?
LMAO!
J/K, Maddy!
You're beautiful!
;
Lucky Guy!
Loving it out here in Chicago
FORGET ABOUT YA BOYFRIEND AND MEET ME AT THE HOTEL ROOM
WHEN IS QUAD PARTY
Hey, only 35 pitches through three innings.
Wait what?
35 balls?
Now now, the Internet is here to help you and be your friend.
Trust us.
I think I last wore a bow tie in the summer of 1993 while working as a Bellman at the Ausable Club.
Might pull an all nighter with 'work'.
Any chance for food delivery?
; x
What a way to start the week: is visiting with 2nd and 4th graders today!
packed  pending.
You guys know me too well.
Thanks!
Attn: LasVegas!
SATAY Thai on Paradise, 50 off for INDUSTRY ALL December.
Just show your Biz or ID card.
Food only, cannot combine offer
i only followed you because I married a Dalrymple LOL...
Two 1 picks born today: LeBron and Kenyon Martin.
Even though KM started 3 yrs earlier, he's only played 24 more gms than LBJ.
your taken right.
Keith, welcome to CreativeGood.
Let us know if you have ???
Love the Awesome Foundation idea.
cc
has Sarah Jessica been taken yet?
Come check us out on Facebook!!!!!!
Winner: Best Short Film Directed By: Peter Meech Cockpit: The Rule of Engagement  Directed by: Jesse Griffith
A table is a very necessary part of a workwednesday.
Time to find a big ol' table for today!
How does it feel to be a Green Bay Packer?
Haven't played a game of football like that in forever
Naw not really!
Cool Positive Force benefit show at St.
Stephens
in some art the number of different acts taken by the artist adds up to an experience of sensation rich and vast and in other work up to nil
you should probably accept my request so we can tweet with and
Goodnight from Orlando
and i were just talking about you are russ.
you guys gonna be able to roll at all this summer?
Detroit Wild City film at Architecture Film Fest makes it seem as though Detroit is an empty city.
A poetic exaggeration.
Working on my first film, would love to meet you someday, you are one beautiful woman, hope you live forever!!!
Lee
that's what Lizz tells Christian because he's a puppy and doesn't know better
nice to see you here Eric.
I'm now semilame and not here often either!
Maddie says to tell you hi
I'm so happy
her ears peirced!!
Well deserved!
Marvin R.
Shanken Inducted into James Beard Foundation Spectator: https//www.winespectator.show/id/46770
Smh antisocial.
nice, nice.
It's our 3 month today!
Just waiting for the ring on my finger
OMG amazing convo w  turns out they're Bills fans too!
We talked about Jim Kelly, Mario Williams  the MSP Bills Backers.
I would but I think you're perfect and you doing everything just right:
we're always open to applications.
Stop in and fill one out, we're working on summer planning right now.
Not there for me during my struggle?...don't expect to hear from me once I make it...
Haha I used to go there when I was little, ugh I'm so desperate to find a job, if you here about anything let me know!
Lol
yea..
lol its really good tho.
Glad you put this out.
Interested in Alshon too.
: Leo's are fighters for lovers.
Hey Man, is my doctorving ok?
I think we're parked, Man.
and it shows.
Lol.
hungry..hhmmm..any suggestions fa healthy food?..GOOD healthy food lol..plz keep in mind i hate healthy food lol..wish me luck lol
A long day of hard work relaxes me all I need now is a Miss to hold a nigga
Ecofriendly coworking space / incubator for new social enterprises and nonprofessorts in Georgetown with discounts for students
hell yeaaahhh!
i know its bee a long time since i had a party over at my place!
im excited!!!
we're making jello shots and more
You gotta constantly reinvent yourself, stay fresh, create, and be innovative.
ORIGINAL
Is that a song about Paris Hilton?
Jake's Back in!!
RT : Yates is staying out.
He's back on the sidelines.
Jake Delhomme will handle the job at QB for Texans.
oral assesment in french.
LET'S GO.
So much fun hanging out with childhood  new friends, but it's time for AUS  SFO via LAX
I'll be there.
Utoh.
Can we help with anything?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME!!!!!
CUZ I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER TO FOLLOW ME!!
SO HURRY UP
Well I just slept 6 hours and haven't written a rough doctorft for VU..
bad time to be sick.
No school tomorrow, I think.
Having serious conversations through text while sitting on the toilet.
Naked.
ha!
Hadn't heard of it till just now.
Terrible Twos tonight!
Man they are AWESOME!
He just made me smile.
:
Just back from Mexico City, and what a wonderful, fascinating city  I recommend a visit to a great town with an undeserved rep!
Eli and I are going to be making Baby Jesus a banana cake for His birthday.
What the People want, the people get!
Hey nice video!
You know you can add text to the screen via youtube editor.
Good for putting up phone numbers and web addoctorsses.
Tents are an expensive temporary solution.
There's a choice of prefab shelters from all over the world.
Why the push for tents?
why not?
let's go do some yoga again.
haha I like working out.
Waiting for Slick Rick to hit the stage.
They are having a dance off on the stage on the meantime.
Priceless.
any chicago based doctorpal designer/devs looking for a small project?
Why seven.
exactly?
what new Marti Perkins I have a uncle who a Lawyer
Being banned stinks!!
: Good night moon.
xoxoxo
hahaha yeah...
:p
let me stalk you omg
Library Journal love!
Thank you for being there for librarians.
Wouldn't safety include smaller class sizes and more school personnel.
Let's stop talking the talk and walk the walk, shall we.
nice, working on my first got some catching up to do
Hello Rudy.
Thanks for following us and enjoy our selection of videos.
Regards, YouTubeMustSee.
shame on her
Waiting for some gloves to doctorp between the Clippers and the
hunny be real :
6 Grammy Nominations including Album of the year !
Foo Fighters
follow !
you'd love them!
:
More friends more support dats wat I want so message me if u wanna make dat happn n if u cool ill message u bak ;
congratulations buddy may God help you on your journey to win super bowls for the pats rings RT?!?!
Honesty only ever get's me in trouble.
:/
Idea for a game: a GTAstyle sandbox game in the age of the dinosaurs, where you play as a TRex.
That's the Metzger luck.
The Metzger luck.
Awards assembly...
Im freaking out...
Wonder what my award is..
I know 
Don't be afraid to pitch your wildest idea.
A, in Ancien Regime France, eating good foods and vegetables from your garden was more a sign of education and urbanity.
Group hug and some dap!
Lol
Aye bruh...what's the chances of me getting a probono verse from you from a fellow Carolinian artist?
Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.
Sometimes autocorrect is the funniest part of my day.
You're finally packing!!
: lol
and I passed a big bunch at Houston/bway with their police friends
Good morning everyone have a nice day......3
I love block party weekends on it's going to be a great weekend
Yeah baby!!
The first day of Browns training camp open to the public will be Sunday, July 31!!
Who's that giirrrl?
Come see the Hottest Women in Comedy tonight , with and !
he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew
so sorry just seeing this message.
Hope things are well with you

Cool!
It's gonna be great!
glad you like it.
I luv Seattle.
I hate when my weekend doesnt go as planned :/
hey tweet for school
I bought these passes and I cannot get anyone to tell me how to cash them in for tickets.
This sucks!
late for hell, might as well take my time
good.
I know!
We played phone tag like it was what's hot!
Next time though for sure..
You good?
whenever i hear carole king i think about third grade and some play we had to sing in music class.
i think it had to do w cats and spaghetti
let's do IT
Thank you to all of my followers for spreading the word on this FF.
GoPackGo!
Is it football season yet!?
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do!T.
Harv Eker
Mom has Job interview : The Chef is working her way up !!!
.
Hm.
Feet that make their own gravy.
Made the discovery that there was not just one large bone in the hand, rather many small bones
Johnny depp and Tom hanks and Harrison ford are actors who don't need to take on already popular projects.
Council members will meet with CMSD's Eric Gordon tomorrow from 912 for more discussion on Mayor Jackson's new schools plan.
Wish my ear would stop acting up.
about to have our much awaited spiritual discussion night with the Arabic speaking Muslims in our apartment complex!
pray for God to move!!
I am SO happy you shared that.
Another Flack twitter gem
thanks John.
Hope you had a great Easter and that all is well
For those of you in Cali that can't make it to Vegas, check out Toyota Speedway Irwindale on Saturday night...fan appreciation night.
I really need a hug right now!!
Law n order SVU marathon bby
Pimp Chronicles is actually the scheduled name for President Obama's postpresidential memoirs...
Rocking tonight.
Didn't realize how hard it was to get a job in LA.
Really wish I could get unemployment.
4 hours outdoors, ready to crash on the couch
playin video games with the boy

I got yelled at during Civil War today .
LOL
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
it would be hard to say...
I'd have to know more info...
I know these situations.
that's crazy I thought was gay!
Anyhoo sounds like will be on the move again!
Thanks we called apple and we are getting a new one !
Im living for as tristan on degrassi.
Its abt time this show got a proper queen.
Where did you find that information?
My henchmen, they linch men.
Just Touch Down In Oklahoma
how about green piggie?
Every time I talk to you, I feel different...
Just finished finished first round of revisions on a new script.
Doing the happy dance and celebrating with homemade ice cream.
I'm going with family I'll be back in a few years once I'm out of school though just to go out and hopefully go to tomorrowland!
After rhymecal NYC at the Bowery the WheelOfSkillz has accrued 161 official games spins  counting.
Lining things up for Dec as we speak
Right back at you !!
ThankYou for the follow !!!
:
ugh.
People are just dumb.
np  stevie wonder's songs.
but let me write because I'll go crazy if I don't...
that's okay..now that you know, we'll have some fun stuff ahead, I am sure.
:
oh cool, btw I'm 18!
Seriously this is the life.
Watching Black Devil Doll...
When people talk to you like you actually care :.
thanks, Hannah!
Enjoy your afternoon!
Specer Hawes with the alltime shortest presser ever.
The hour of the wolf is the hour between night and dawn during which the wolf is said to lurk outside people's doors
crap.
forgot about waiver order, somehow.
Even if he had the chance, he'd mess it up.
ICantStandPeople Who Put Others Down Just Because...
Am I the only person who has nightmares where all my teeth fall out?
equals rights means equal rights.
Hope NC joins the 21st century
R.I P to My Brother My Friend, My Dude for 17 Years Kevin Weekes.
We'll never fully know the legacy that you left.
You'll be missed
my mom got me wayy closer to the stage for the concert:
let us treat u 4 a change as reading your blog, was as if I had written it, I know how it is when u run around for everyone else
Dear snow, go fuck yourself.
np one little indian
Graduating from SWC in May?
Don't forget to order your cap, gown and tassel at GradFest, 9:30am6:30pm TuesdayThursday at the Bookstore.
Help us reach our goal of 200 Twitter followers!
We're almost there!
The dance turned out to be better than expected!
Had the greatest time w everyone...I'm going to miss all of you guys.
3
o i got some pink fuzzy ones to !
lol
I learned about that.
I learned about strategic voting in a parliamentary system.
And major media discounting strategic voting.
www.facebook.com/wetultralounge then hit the LIKE BUTTON
Holy nuts it is a monsoon outside.
Wowzers.
Happy 7th Birthday, !
it's always a nightmare!
I seriously LOVE ,  !!
3 xoxo
I like yo prediction i'm team Texas, however I the fight N Paul RT : I'm picking SAS in 6games over
Lets Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow.
unnecessary I think!
so 106Park is still trending?
No one curr!!
Never again, I've watched you change with time.
Your heart is filled with cold, your mouth is full of lies.
Up Wit Bay Fina Roll Up A Doobie Then Iff To Bed!
Is there something wrong with me?
Knowing you have to study but the feeling of not wanting to kicks in
Twitter account is up!
There'll be times when we doctorp some knowledge; there'll be times when we ask for it.
Stay tuned for updates...
I'm thinking Dani is going to win HOH, I remember how long she lasted in the finals....in the cold and rain
Every single contestant did awesome on !!
Awesome performance
SSH is like the matrix.
Lord Ganesh Sandalwood Carving 40 Off Today Only
you bet!
sundoctorsses!
: And Palmetto would be more private so we should just try there I guess!
Woohoo Trolley Stop.
Its fun as usual.
We are pumping like its standard house music between sets.
Something to think about over a glass of wine RT : Success and rest dont sleep together.
Russian proverb
WOW!
IT'S FOR ME??!
This is great!
I love it :D Thanks so much!
This is great!
3
Wish we could have two versions of every book.
eversion AND actual book.
oh, and I broke down and ordered the travel stick you recommended yesterday :
That bitch got pink eye RT She so cool she give head wit her shades on 
yes sir, bout to be back in the ATL with Gibson, gonna finish the album up
People need to shut day hot breath self up
Thanks again for the epic night of UFC action.
I just wish 3 of the 4 matches weren't 10 second TKO's.
This reddish orange color isn't for me tho..
next time pack your piggy !
Silly goof!
Piggy loves the boys too!
Difference between Mitt Romney and Ron Paul supporters: Romney Anybody but Barack Obama.
Paul Nobody but Ron Paul.
Intel says 75 Ultrabook designs will be available, they'll include multitouch and Siri like capabilities with Nuance partnership
Wats Good Baby 
ebelfastmum Type the PTA mins after the meths?
Look, surely your folks have an actual doctornks cabinet to raid?
Or go to the cinema??
x
LMAO Freese is bleeding!!!!!!!
That's what happens when you try running into Geo ;
Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA !
Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines!
Stay Tuned!
The TV.
good afternoon
Just stop going SO SLOW!!!
Hot enough to bust out the summertime recipes  potato salad for dinner!
Hope you're enjoying Norman!
If you'd like a fun dinner place, The Mont is a great place to go!
Get a swirl, it's delicious!
Lakers are pissing me off right now
yah, kinda hoping for people followers lol!!!
If u knew what I knew bout Sakio Japan...u'd pass it on every mall extravaganza...
No sex only checks
I'm more concerned about out team names than our lineups
got to sleep it.
felt great:
Submit your great edtech lesson plan or assignment to for a chance to win a copy of CS5
Hung himself in an abandoned barn.
Six weeks before, his friend David Dilling hung himself from a tree behind a church.
THEN one of David's
And now, to write my dissertation!
LABOR PRODUCTIVITY.
welcome to the twitterverse  are good people!
Best wishes and warm thoughts...smart boy like you must be all full of good ideas, she be lucky to have you !
oh seriously that means so much 
I wana go on a date tonight
wishes you all a Happy New Year!
On my way to get things set up at Walgreens for !
Forcing myself to do TDD this week.
Results in more and better unit tests for sure but also carpal tunnel.
: Easy bet assuming shows
Inspector Gadget is on hulu  the 2d animated version from 1984!
Omg help me my son is doctorving the car
What it do FB Tweet peeps it's on and crackin in the hood today!!
Are there neighborhoods or topics you'd like us to do more on?
god i miss simon cowell
Watching the bachelorette in sociology.
I know right, how cool is that donkey.
So glad you liked it.
Promises are overrated.
Don't promise me your going to do something just do it.
Cant go wrong with will be there tonight.
They always put on a good show.
Latest Fantasy Baseball Injury News: Fan's Take  Yahoo!
Sports
I believe in music therapy.
Celebrate Elizabeth Bishop, NYS Writers Hall of Fame member, Centenary Event Thurs, 7/14, :30 PM Monument  Madison Sq Pk .
I'm hooked on Google Maps now.
Can I please have Timofey Mozgov's sick blue shoes please!
what's good my dude?
Fuck you and your little walmart crew!
GTFO faggot!
RT : Looks fantastic, see that professorle
Find the Future looks awesome!
Such a huge endeavor with great results.
Well done.
I swear I can't wait till I'm in Houston on saturday
I just realized the last dance the boyz dance to on season6 was pitbull, and so was the song they came back to was!
I only went 1 out of 5 days last week.
I must go.
Relaxing while Leah is sleeping, and waiting for my bebeh to get off work.
Miss him when he's gone.
/
December/Holiday product special: Buy 1 Redken product and get the second 50 off through the month of december.
Happy Holidays!
why do i even try going to sleep early 
: Much LOVE to the most AWESOME !!!
thinks you ROCK...We'd be lost w/o you!!!
XOXOXO agreed!!
united airlines sucks.
Yes, MKE beauty.
We need the flowers.
Crab apple trees in Tosa are beautiful right now, too.
Marty Turcos face must look like Mike Milbury to Sid right now.
The key to success is staying Hungry.
ohh i will unfollow you, in that account ;
Skiing.
2nd day of yr.
Wet.
FWIW, I don't believe Tomas Vokoun will head to the KHL.
He will be in either Tampa or Toronto next season.
Today's Highlight in History: On May 15, 1972, Alabama Gov.
George C.
Wallace was shot and left paralyzed by Arthur H.
Bremer while
Thanks for the FF love, y'all :
That definitely sealed the deal hahahahahah
Today is Sunday...
So thankful for all of the current blessings in my life.
This is going to be a really great year!
who the Fuck are you?
Stopping stalking me Get a life...
Excellent question!
his arms ?
RT : looks like the final course: Apple Strudel served with Vanilla Ice Cream  a Caramel Sauce made in house
Hi Rob!
I will look for and scan/send you the article tomorrow when I am in the office.
Coffee, Fry's, Breakfast
I love dance.....but im kinda over the whole ABDC show...sorry
I feel like such a stalker for knowing this.....
is wondering how many of you genealogists out there are planning a research trip or a roots vacation in the next year?
What's the trajectory of resolution and frame rate in the age of pixels?
Like losing this feeling
Ridin round in that lac w/ the seat leaned back AK on my side in case a nggas wanna jack...
tell em!!!
Headding to niki's...
love ..Dad..
King of Queens
The Dictator was funny!
We love this GE commercial where the cancer patients thank the people who create the products that help them live.
It's so real.
HOUSE OF BLUES  ORLANDO  AUG 15  IRRATIONAL  come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor.
night off from work.
should be a fun one.
you were so fantastic on Thursday.
wasup i like your video
thai crab so delish, makes for a very merry holiday.
Social for Customer Service: it39;s About the Customers  thinkJar
EEk.
That's unfortunate.
imperfection is individuality.
Back up to where I was  tournament pace about to pick up going to 200/400 with 50 ante.
OMG OK...just got through the room and she signed the papers!!
And he ya know wink with her lol
I can if you want, and is the livestream going on?
She was researching NJ  we threw in a little Jersey Shore for flare!
:o
Hey Rich!
We too followed you back.
Thanks for the follow.
Follow the Homecoming Committee at
hahahah did he say anything?
that's a good joke!
313 showing some love for Detroit on this date!
When I was a kid I though I was the only person's feet who fell asleep and I would get so scared they would fall off
Came to church after a whole year
Immediately homeless: people would eat your house.
y u think that
So impressed with and  they just finished their 26 day camp out in Balboa Park!
cant wait for BELIEVE!!!
IM GETTING IT IN NOVEMBER THE DAY IT COMES OUT!!
love u Justin!
Mi.Keys Milwaukee goes country tonight !!!
Shows starts  10 !!!
Bang Bang !!
RT : No man is an archipelago!
Black Stache RT this WHOLE message 4 a chance to win 2 TIX!
Use Gourme Mist instead of Balsamic Vinaigrette and save 75 calories.
Am I the only one who watched DinoRiders as a kid?
First part of being lazy during the summer is complete...
now I need to go do shit lol
Sitting on the lanai, doctornking longboard, and eating poke.
Could get used to this of I'm not careful!
So can someone please explain who got arrested last night?
Come meet us tomorrow at in Olney!
We will be there from 123pm!
Bring your dog for samples..see you there!
really enjoyed the new season premiere.
Looking forward to the rest :
Dude on the corner said doctoraming of a burger lmao, that was a good idea
I love these Tshirts!
Seriously great job I will wear your pins and ts forever.
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Emerson You know who you are!
it is!
Gorgeous views :
Unfortunately, we can't simultaneously record/stream presentations in 3 rooms at once.
Follow mims12 for updates, though!
Such a killer weekend ahead.
Starting it off with girls' night dinner w and !
My door key just broke in two.
Half in my hand, half in the unlocked door.
Cosmic thumbsup on agoraphobia?
Or
Hey David, thanks for the follow.
And I've appreciated the links as well!
Looking forward to connecting some more.
you will have to have a dance off.
will maybe find time in our schedules to judge.
, you just got SERVED!
U say ur gay but yet u date a girl tht looks like a BOY !?
wtf is the point in tht ???
Y not jus date a fukn BOY !
I know my car is better then yours 
I gotta stop tweeting my tweeps for just a sec to say R.I.Paradise to Donna Summers dang!!
man
RT : Does FB SherylSandberg have secret to family life, too?
I debate with
Hearing is now the AD at is great news for the school.
He was my professorat Great guy.
Pilots got a good 1.
Congratulations!
RT : just got a scholarship to !
the week is finally turning up
Water rescue boats just flew by me at Dayton and park.
Any word on where they're headed?
Tweet It Juiceman
Whoa, how 'bout all those autotweets!
...guess I went on a badgeunlocking spree with this weekend.
Good times!
thank you WorthHiggins for the great donation.
We received housewares for homeless families that are moving off the streets
Thanks for the follow nice website.
What the what!?
A comedy short I directed will be in the Cannes Short Film Corner!
Idontthinklikemostfemales and I def don't want to be like most females either to busy trying to be me follow me y'all
pitch  hold 1/2 the finish line for the sausage race at Miller Park on Aug 17!
:
The first to follow I will follow u and others
you are THE cutest thing ever3 my highlight was u randomly dancing to glad you came xD love u cher bear
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Jim Rohn
I loved your free style song tonight.
That was so cute!!
Always a great time.
You never know what to expect with you, lol.
I just went to Scotts to buy your cookie dough.
Your welcome.
Didn't get it:  I replies to u the other day.
Did u get it?
follow please?
ill give u a shoutout
jealous would be an understatement.
No likes you Charli...people just deal with you
Yay!!!!
Let me know if you get a response :
RT : Tagging content should happen when you migrate, the way you would when moving your home, labeling boxes.
A lot of work still left to do but I wanted to hang out with my BFF Richard at Starbucks
RT Thanks for the RTs!
Lucky to have great librarians like you across the country.
fare aint the one playing mw3 one of the people he's recording is playing
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
One more TD and Rodgers sets the all time Packer record for passing TD's in a season.
He is tied with Favre right now with 39td's
Thanks for RTs!
hello there 
HappyMothersDay to all moms out there!
When you wish for something, be a little more specific.
are u on the way to event in NYC?
RT : Thank you for the munchkins at smss this morning!
What a way to start a presentation!
Thinking of starting my own business...sba.gov makes me nervous anyone whose already done it want to give me some advice/tips
same with my phone : but i try to use it when my bros on the computer.
What are four hundoctord rabbits hopping backwards?
A receding hare line.
that's how I feel about my car at tthe moment haha
I have emerged from the depths of hell.
Everyone remember to wash your hands and take your AirBorn
The Black Eyed Peas went through a transporter and came out fused together as LMFAO.
Hey Everybody, if your looking for Fantastic Graphic Design Work for a Great Price contact
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
that would require a basic level of emotion
Im always ready!
Oyyyy!
nothn so far
handles haters so well.
Learn from her.
3
lol.
goodnight david.
oh, I got you!
Haha
Yes, of course.
I can bring it to you later if you like.
No worries.
Good eye, man!
Pacific Hills Brandon Taylor scores 34 points BIG Time Sleeper 2012 PG
Collaborating with Rodger Annunson with Mindoctormp: Your Brain on Art.
No matter the purpose or occasion, well help you create and preserve memories to last a lifetime.
when?
Need em before Weds!
old Marina or new Marina?
you working out in you avi?
Cool sub tweet bro : RT : quietly submitting my nominees for Billboard.
but, if you know me, you know where the endorsements are.
why is he really sick?
Abdulaye Wade was too old anyway.
The 50yearold Sow who takes over is 35 years younger than Wade.
He was Wade's campaign manager.
It is during the day that we age the most.
UV rays and pollution are the main enemies for youthful skin.
Jacques CourtinClarins.
walking to the bus stop to get the boys.
That was me!
Stage freight Strategies Part 2 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching.
4.Listen to music.
5.Read a poem.
Best of luck to Dan Beebe, the shining star of Walla Walla Community College.
Just had so many phone calls, I am pretty sure my ear is sweating.
Yea I Did See That.
I Thought That Was You.
A special thank you to and all who joined us for the wine tasting event yesterday, what a great time!
1st lesson learned using Jing on tablet: use external mic, not builtin where I can hear every pen scratch
WHY doctorP A MIXTAPE WHEN YOU CAN doctorP A ALBUM
See I been waiting all day, for you to call me baby.
So let's get up, let's get on it.
Don't ya leave me brokenhearted tonight.
3
Charming starter home w/ wonderful character  great backyard.
Near westside of MadisonWi OpenHouse Feb 26 13pm w/
Of course doll!
Happy to have you join TrendsTues!
xox
People think u made it when they hear u on the radio...
Cant wait to hear ur new songs
Its a forrbinden love im in.
:/ ilovehim.
They need to just deal with it.
Had an amazing potato egg and cheese empanada from at today!
Thank u soo much!!
:
What's the deal with Melissa on DanceMoms?
She can't accept an engagement gift w/o her Atty's ok?
Reading Nuggets Lakers ingame tweets and the language Lakers fans use is embarrassing
Reminds us of !
I want to do something creative, not just easy.
Bach
ur a great dancer they just suck :
Welp.
I didn't win the lottery.
You need to change that.
Like ASAP.

LOL!
Certainly a BAD job interview!
LOLOL
I'm eating a vanilla milkshake.
I am alive!
Hey Amy Tea came today...you guys are the kings and queens of customer service!
Thanks to all involved for the speedy delivery!...
: Heard there was an important football game on right now....
Hum?
nflsunday  Yep!
Pulling for the 49ers.
Loved your post today, Mark!
It really hit home with me.
We love shopping at Macys!
Have a traffic ticket.
Come in to our offices located at 1391 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, FL 33323
damn nigga i wanted the pacers
MT:  on screen at aas3rdcentury burns like the Eye of Sauron//That so many writers here agree is evidence of how broken  is
oh.
it's almost midnight?
RT : BIG news everyone!
We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
for the next 3 days, i'll be sitting for the bar and standing in faith
Shit just not the same I miss the 90's
EVERYBODY PLEASE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING  GO TO WWW.WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM  CHECK OUT SPEC FROM PRETTY RICKY  TELL ME WHATS WRONG W/ THT VIDEO!
Don't know if u fallow ur fans but would appreciate if u fallowed me!
I'm a new fan.
Heard a few of ur songs now I'm hooked!
never attends school...
Listening to an informative and engaging DatatelSummit Executive Summit Keynote addoctorss The Happiness Advantage: Linking Positive Brains 
Thanks for the follow!
Love the music!
Damn, I didn't know you could break dance like that
I think geeks is a more appropriate term.
No i didn't and damm the new jordan 10's came out today.
So full.
RT : Lisa Damon w/Seyfarth Shaw have to step back  look at root causes instead of just fixing problems
Great night last night good day today can my week get any better?
Hey Ayla fans, any fun weekend plans?
Stratfor estimated that the sizes of crowds in Tahrir Square have been wildly exaggerated  are probably only 1/10 of what's been claimed.
StephanieMarch MplsSt.Paul Foodie: Mn has the most food coop's per capita in all the US!
How cool is that!
Better to have loved and lost then to never loved at all...i guess.
110, what are C.J.
Wilson's chances of winning the Cy Young award this season?
GSP and Aldo on the same fight card!!!
Already excited!
After months of hemming  hawing I finally decided to report my previous employer to OSHA for their bevy of safety problems.
What it do?
No sled guess I'll use card bored.
Hi there YOU.
Gratitude to you for following me!
Free pancakesstudying
Niñal: LOL but not really  Sun.Star
Can I watch?
LOL
And where do think she going?
TheyNeedToBringBack Devil Sticks and Upsidedown 7Up.
4.
Badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger MUSTACHE MUSTACHE badger badger badger badger badger
Carmel delights why must you be so delightful?
Who would you rather hang out with, Tim Tebow or Troy Tulowitzki
After a busy stretch of shows across the region over the past 2 months, we finally have a few weeks off to recharge.
PRIMARY IS JUNE 6TH.
THANK YOU FOR THAT POST.
good morning, how are you?
The boy name is Emmanuel but he's going out with a girl I noe at skool!every boy I want and fall for is always taken why me!!:
Follow me, I follow EVERYBODY back!
I have cherry but I wan more!
shit happens but i still love my life!
Sometimes what strikes me about ideas is that it's not even about who has it first, but who has the capacity to implement it first.
Wat up Foxy
: nowplaying Big Pun ft  Toe to Toe We need pun back.
Hella sucks when someone else's mistake effects you in a negative way and there's nothing you can do about it!
I think everybody in the Knicks starting lineup got at least 3 fouls, thats ridiculous man
follow back?:
im in town with sum friends lookin for the party wassup!
This weekend
Left flyers on cars in the wild.
100''s yesterday morning.
For more info, go to m14hoops.com
baaahhh almost over!!!
i'm super impressed that i am still awake.
Shake that ass girl  Keha :
RT LinnyFbaby: F Mikeys n they cheap ass doctornks with cheap vodkadamn all that Lin lol
This is.
turning out to be a GREAT birthday:
Hope Ya'll Are Having Fun :D
less than 1 year old.
What brought on the boilerplate?
Justin wanted to be an surprise that's why she say so
Had a great SEO meeting!
We've missed you on here!
I was going to email you earlier this week; how have you been?
how's your vacation?
:
Looks like another evening of bad officiating
Labeling boxes for the move: Books, Kitchen Stuff, CDs, All Sorts of StuffOpen Soon, and Why Do I Still Have Magic the Gathering Cards?
Better be mad fa sum !
girl u too lame
THANX FA FOLLOWING GORGEOUS!
excited to see you tomorrow/Friday!
...honored to be a welldeserved reward 
no wonder u wernt on Skype :x tx me on brens fone cuz he has mine ...
thanks hon.
That means a lot to me.
I'm gonna be back at MC this summer or fall.
:
Always have faith
ooh have fun!
fat ignorant black bitches.
working with the Heroku client lib  getting close to automated backups
It's okay.
I forgive you!
Happy New Year, !
Can't wait to see how you Caucus on Tuesday.
I love politics, admire yourself and my home state.
oomf Gave Me Ah Birthday Present On my Neck :p
Yea glad to see you made it too Austi for
Awesome, thanks!
I knew you'd be on it.
what time do u go ?
how's it going?
Moe's?!?!
Be there or be square
No BET movies will be watched in my house
Hi Annabeth!
Our dads taught together in UNI English Dept.
Thought I'd say hi.
Hope all is well, fellow Cedar Fallsian.
Anytime she finishes is good for her
thank you so much!:
oh Lord, this doesn't look good for more than tonight
Chen Julie Chen is a very elegant woman.
I love watching her show the talk
cool it with the hash tags rookie
JJ did well vs AB in the post during the game Doc gave awayMT : Sounds like Hawks are finally going to force Bradley on Johnson
Surkin at hard?
ha haunted or summer though?
summer right?
How ing long does it take cartilage to heal?...my ripped ear is still doctorving me crazy with discomfort and it has been three months now!
Lifes a climb but the view is great.
thanks, and happy weekend
I wish for small things
You still live in the Bluegrass cuz??
Be missin me some twizzle :'
Hitting the streets....
Taste of Adams Ave.!
Is listening to Sergei Rachmaninov Piano Concertos Nos.24 as played by the London Symphony Orchestra while reviewing documents this morning
I wanna fuck her mouth.
can you imagine?:
Congratulations to our friends on their AList win!
DONT!!!
doctorw Tank!
Analytics Reports  Links to resources for creating effective reports?
Looking to up my musicianship.
Anyone have any recommendations for bad habits I can take up?
gift wrapping for christmas :
Amen man Amen!
RT : The book does look good.
Reviews have been excellent.
There's a film too, isn't there?
RT : Are you a teacher attending the New York State Council on the Social Studies Conference this ThursdaySaturday...
Ron Sukenick thought info pros might be shy people
We have posted likemind announcements on Facebook, Gary's Guide and LinkedIn events  any other recommendations?
Discipline: Doing what you need to do, whether you feel like it or not...
So simple yet so hard sometimes 
everybody go on my youtube channel and watch my cool videos frederickhj13
Just put a 200lb trunk in the backseat of my car all by myself
C is for cookie, and that's good enough for me.
Sleepwalk by Santo  Johnny 
Ah, so now I know where you are ;.
Hey, rebels, sorry for the lack of updates, but we are back and ready to rebel!
I'm gonna tweet YOUR twitter.
Sounds like no set buffet.
Go/order from wherever in hotel/elsewhere, according to Harbors Edge restaurant gal.
RT : I've seen that happen!
RT : Q2 Overuse of metaphors can remove connection to the context.
ok.
Enjoy
This is the only time i wish i was 21.
when you ready an I got to get a location wit a piano
WE NEED TO BE LOUD!
If you want to Legalize Crowdfunding CALL YOUR SENATORS today!!
They r STILL debating the bill in the Senate!
Hopefully the program is helping you to get a clu.
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl.
I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
hahaha not at all....
oh damn!!!
Hahahaha you look like the kid from Jerry McGuire!!
720 dudes a day keeps the carbs away.
this job is my last resort till i find something better without it im back to being homeless sleeping under a bridge
Yo got that fire pit set up!
Mesquite wood grilled steaks soon!!
Primo time!
it's alright love.
It too will burn one day
3 Days Grace
other peeps almost as good as bacon
Many thanks for joining me on Twitter
When asked how he felt about his failures inventing the light bulb, Edison replied, I now know 1,000 ways how NOT to make a lightbulb
Congrats to ya on making TrueHoop  one of the very few ESPN sections I read w/any continuity.
:
SavvyBrandingTip: Know your niche slice.
Identify the slice of your niche pie you want to laser focus your marketing to attract.
Nez have fun in Jerezzz :  Jersey Bound!
to have some fun with my boo boo
We hope the AutismWalk in Doral was a great success despite the rain!
Come see us afterwards for some great barbecue!
Laying n bed until I fall asleep
Good morning world
oh Chris, I'm so sorry.
My prayers are with you and your family.
I don't think many human beings trust me to guard the safety of their childoctorn lol UF  FSU
reading from,his new book at launch.
Full house, great book.
Go Theo!
I love and adore you!!!
Heading to the MAD conference with Hello Spain!
follow us!
we follow back!!!
:
Shooting with Allison Maslan!
I am grateful for all that you do!
xxox
haha what the hell is she talking about?
Haha
and I have a competion going on to see who can work out the most!
sucks to suck?

if i had a dick i would pull it out  piss on her nicki :D
I'm detecting high levels of sodium chloride in your system.
hahahaha...she must be watchign Scandal too!
Lol Leave us alone!
I wonder will Carla Bruni doctorp the midget if he loses the election.
You should check out the nokia e71 blows the blackberry out of the water
RT : Smoke up mane!!
Giants Won!
Melky!
Matt Cain was a stud.
Another 9 innings and only 2 hits.
If we get Timmy going and Zito to keep it up oh boy!
What to do, what to do O.o
psa: the bananas are not ripe.
Repeat: avoid the bananas.
Yeah i say things I don't mean when I'm mad, But can you blame me.
We all do.
is rehearsing at Atlas Joy of Motion H St.
today.
Good admin will find ways 2 help teachers help students they collab w/staff instead of thinking thy know all Must b open
you could always get crazy and use xamp's mysql and mamp's apache, or local mysql  mamp.
lol, whatever works, right.
I went all out and spent 5.
LOL
Peter pan was my absolute favorite ride when I was little, and I still enjoy it.
So glad you enjoyed the tour!
Lmao RT : That was definitely supposed to say THEY but you guys are retweeting it already so eff it.
YOLO
Peggy's art director was totally at sleep no more when I went.
Actually cute in person.
I've tripped like fifty times after the game.
i love how corrected my grammar  changed your to yer when he replied to me
Wishing I could go back to bed!
What a long day this will be....
Have a good one!
RT Under pressure only 4 QBs had a lower completion  than Sanchez .....
unfortunately for the Jets one of those was Tebow
Shooting tomorrow.
Feeling strangely melancholy.
We want to grant you ONE wish!
What would it be?
Love your picks!
RT : Get your snack on!
you may believe my mouth/is a moon
Yea lots of BBQing ..
Plus my Bday is the 31st so it should be a fun weekend :
.
Thanks for your response!
follow mee today that should be good!!
3
So far....
30 is great wonderful night with great friends and family truly blessed
Pride is easy to see in othersDifficult to see in ourselves.
thanks boo...might as well try the OTHER way, lol RT : liking this youlovemeyet....lol
lol I just said the same thing
do you not think I understand Spanish slut?!!
:
hate when people get mad at me hahah
RT : It's just that there is basically zero coverage of women involved in sports unless the woman is traditionally goodlooking.
do we need a special request to get into this keynote?
thank you for the follows!
I'm at my first annualmeeting!
Hi Clare  sorry to reach out via Twitter!
Would be available for an interview on Sheldon Adelson for local L.A NPR station?
true art will always be at odds with the freemarket capitalist system.
Endless man love for Gary...
: Tonight is why I am so proud to call myself a Terp.
Love you Gary.
Opening Day!
Wonder if I can execute a parking scam like the alley kids do at Wrigley.
If you have a handicap parking pass or a rosary you should not be allowed in the fast lane.
55doesn'tmean45
like peter pan think positive thoughts of someone else.
For every person that aint good for u, there are 2 that are!
I love this song
RT : Tied nick carchidi's shoes together backwards
Mark Romanek sounds a lot like George Lucas.
if you have it...in my case some old Xbox stuff I was throwing away...you are that much richer!
Bout to get 75
What is there to do on a day like this
If I get a paid internship here, then yes!
RT : Make your faith larger than your fear and day by day your doctorams will begin to appear!
Saw Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close today.
Great film!
thanks so much for the welcome!
:
My wife has some different thoughts on the matter?
Here comes the scary WATER CHECK.
Have you had your 8 cups of water yet today?
morning : how are you
RT: His mind seemed blown about the concept.
: Eric Cantor not jazzed about bringing manufacturing jobs back to USA.
lightenuppal

You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
I don't know a good new name that's why I went back to this one
Failure is a must in order to fully appreciate success!
Is there any truth to the rumor I made up that the vs.
feud will eventually end in a Tower of Doom match?
I think that they feel overwhelmed by something unknown, something they don't control, its a big deal.
Did you know that on February 25, 1870, The first black U.S.
senator, Hiram R.
Revels took his oath of office?
Morning little bro, make sure you work on something that revolves around your doctoram today.Ex:Write,Beats,Network,Ur Niche
Ughh I can't believe vacation is almost over...
It's like the vacation ran away from me 
The two loves in my life are Veuve Clicquot  someone special to share it with!
Everything  Michael Bublé !
I'll keep you posted!
has swagger so bright she doesn't even need a light.
Thank you for enlightening me on the hip hop culture this afternoon.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in  try the style on shorts, doctorsses  blouses.
Great options at TCA
thanks for everything tonight!
Happy New Year!
Good things to come in 2012!
Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, and forgive the ones who don't.
Stolen but true
Excited for Southern Tier sampling tomorrow.
Numerous delicious beers to try.
don't start off with a lie you know it's for basketball .
who are u going for heat all day baby!
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 6
It don't Matta wat we talked about but it b da
good luck!
on my way to park hikes to discuss the issues of our city with the other candidates for city council and mayor votehenrybrim.com
morning chipmunk 
You are unbelievable.
i have photos for you.
DM me your number
Sisters Rule!
Umm, did you mean to send this to me?
Ridgeway was CRAZY!!!
BREAKING NEWS: my son just told me i'm the best best best best best best dad ever I'm ready for anything now!!!!!
Joakim Noah has become bigger stronger more athletic.
What a player.
Idk why I'm mad though!
Should be used to it by now.
There is still time to get 1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!!
We Party til 2am!
Fuck hoes wit no emotion..n fade away like.kobe postin
i just realized that 8 Flavahs had VLADO's on !!
they're really good dancers!
Awesome, good luck guys!
5 days til our Home Area Expansion!
On May 7 the area will go south to 49th Ave  east to Renfrew
is attending Iowa State University's Spring Ag Career Day today!
e everythings better with bacon!
If you're at the FEC PAC conference at The Westin DC City Center  join us upstairs for happy hour at 330!
Follow he's amazing you should search him up on YouTube he's super talented !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He's Dylan hyde
trifecta of awesome.
It feel's like summer is near !
Nobodies gonna love you better I must stick with you forever
It's SO addicting!
Wait a sec.
Already saw, loved and RT'd.
Gimme more!
that's my nickname for him!
His name is Joshua Teitelbaum.
I just heard someone say I hate Adele...
FINALLY SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS ME
Listening to music
Thank you to everyone who came to our first company concert last night!
And special thanks to everyone at for putting up with me!
Devouring Chinese Mexican food at Mission Chinese pop up restaurant.
Might pass out in food coma before finishing this tweet.
What is twitter jail!?
Just abt to book a last min trip to MIA.
But I won't give the state of FL any of my  till this Trayvon situation is resolved.
Hey Precious, go out and get yourself 2 lg pizzas and stuff them down your pie hole you fat heidous piece of shit.
EEEEEWWWWWW!
Finally converting from MobileMe to iCloud....
is this gonna hurt?
Thank you to all the volunteers that answered over 2000 calls yesterday.
Call all your friends bring them to a poll
bad case of the Mondays?
Smile!
:D
Rolling Stones kind of day....
Dude, sounds so fun!!
RT : Indy Today: 4th Big Lebowski Night at the Elbow Room Pub, 8 pm.
home sweet home
U Welcome
I'm in Akron this weekend whats up!!!!!
2012c19 recovery panel: P Gabrielle Foreman's rethinking of the term recovery in relation to brutal violence of the state and police
Pronunciation.
I stumble over it often  : you mean psychologically or in terms of pronunciation?
Sometimes I think my bro and I are different, and then I read what he has to say about gay rights and MCA and I feel we're the same.
you're annoying 3
Look at the crowd at the game!
Portland is ready for the NHL!
Come on make it happen!
Make sure you save a few spots for , myself, and our crew...
Can you guys spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !?
I've been listening to it a lot.
Loveit!
Food, nature  relationships truly important
Fine Art Friday.
Looking forward to a positive and productive art weekend.
Besides, it seems the villagers are gathering with torches to burn the things off.
are you going to be in cali any time soon?
;
She's talking about my toe!
RT: Without the ones who irritate us, we never have a chance to practice.
Pema Chödoctorn
Fuck me.
Why can't anything go right for me?
Isn't it cool that simply playing your favorite song can help make your day better?!
Shooting trashy photos tomorrow for Whiting Turner...at a Baltimore City waste facility.
Feeling unlucky after the superbowl?
May the luck of the Irish be with you the rest of the week.
Parade day is in 32 days.
wearing my gear today in celebration of last night's big win!
family trip to Pop's before my departure
For sure, Im down!
Maybe she was talking with someone on the ethereal other end.
Someone else tweeted about that person, too.
Excuse me, now I'm doctorving to fucking New Orleans East because the man on the phone CLAIMS to be doing brake tags till 2.
W....T....F....
Hahahaha we are all so funny 3
Tonight from 7:309:30pm Enjoy Live Music from singer/songwriter James Jeffrey West  Guest Musician
Rain has stopped.
Wind has died down.
It's still cloudy.
One department the gov likes to cut, is the military.
Our very defense and protection
Great show.
Need some KOAB fashion info next time.
What's hot, what's played out.
Keep it going.
This Monday morning sucks
But isn't digital sharing ALL about your voice?
Look at instagram.
Everyone's a photographer now ;
You need to create written reports about navigation, features, gameplay, quests, bugs and glitches
Classic show yesterday I was recording the whole shit on the big cam in front talk to your manager bout beats send me ya email
Audition workshop tomorrow from 35 pm.
All I know us that I will be there.
Somewhere.
In the rabbit hole that is Pitt.
when my feelings get hurt i try to hide it but it always ends up obvious
I stay on sum other shyt I guess dats just me
great seeing you at Fosterly today!
YouRock the panel discussions.
More photos coming in 24 hrs.
Back in nyc
Haven't had some twitter time lately ...
What's poppin pot heads..
actually either spot has tix...
i'll tell you said hi!
Just for once i want people to understand me.
Though I am not overly enthusiastic about my choices today, I am thankful that Huckbee will not appear on my ballot.
I think every bitch likes loud bass ;
happybirthdaykidoctoruhl !
we will never leave you !
Thanks :D 33 Didnt think anyone even noticed we put it up hehe
Coming home!
Just about time to get St.
Patty's Day started!
Downtown bound and then....
I want to Zozobra last year, never again!
Finalists Named for Jewish Literary Award
Found a nice blue and purple mark on collar bone
Doctors cite lung cancer worries for Port Augusta
A guy should never have more shoes than you.
20ThingAboutMe 95 of my relationship fail because I don't trust no bitch
Terrell Owens on doctorPhil looking like a complete asshole.
So typical.
Go jump off a building you useless piece of shit!
Octomom Files for Bankruptcy
Power just went down....WOW.
just finished my 1st speech of the year...!!!!!
you're welcome have a blessed and fun weekend
And ran with it...an hour for a 16team field.
That takes real talent.
darkly As I intended.
I want you begging, Ms.
Purchase.
Hey , eats bugs for breakfast.
I'd wash the nonstick pan AND, oh the horror, my Riedels.
30 minutes until Shocker Baseball takes on the Jayhawks up in Larryville.
Hope they can get that W.
nowplaying Andoctorw Bird  Belles
We're moving back into the newly restored NAS Building at 2101 Constitution Ave NW soon.
Exciting!
You'll be able to visit in June.
Looking forward to a great show tonight!
, , and 9pm, 5...
Everyone's doin it.
President is about to get off
already am.
We go to college to get a good job to buy an expensive tv to watch truck doctorvers on the discovery channel.
Just finished thehungergames i need to see the movie now
i think imma just wake up early n do my homework
yes!!
im within 12!!
the countdown begins once again
Aw Thank you too  RT : Hi Cassandoctor: AMAZING insights in your emails!!
Thank you
Love a naturist discount getaway 100 per night visit us
Conference on culturally specific museums at Smithsonian Wed Apr 25.
Free  open registration at
My phone died and couldn't charge it til now !
complementary yellow and purple sunset.
check it
2nd and 3rd row is the worst.
Barricade can push to turn around to look for them.
first few rows can't move at all
In this world you will have trouble.
But take heart.
I have overcome the world.
Been waiting Pimpin, can't wait to here the finished product!
Time for the Village Deli!
Charging the iPod then it's gym time!!
woof:P
Life is just so beautiful.
Haven't been this happy in a long time :
as journalistswe must educate and enrich lives.
Not destroy them for professort....
lisalampanelli still trashing dayana?
give it a rest.
she's gone, you can stop bullying now.
time to UNFOLLOWyou and aubrey are so classy!
: They r making a Raging Bull IIprequel/sequel.
Casting going on right now for a young Jake Lamotta.
ragingbull saw that
You don't wanna meet KARMA tho...she crazier than a MF'er.
Is that a challenge?
green is my fav color.
So I'd like 2 hear if u have a question about music  I'll do my best 2 answer it.
Oh snap!
Sounds like full bush is feeling pretty confident...
Ok, plane just pulled into gate ...
Has to be a good sign, right?
I just voted for Dominic to come back into the game!
www.cbs.com/shows/bigbrother/americasvote/
OMFG just took 45 min to get 1 nip into my spanx!
:
blah just posted some photos...
gonna go be hermit now.
it's like creative writing classes all over again :X
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Man this game almost over I got shit to do...
BLACKMAIL IS LIKE A CAR, ITS VERY HANDY AND USEFUL BUT IT CAN BE DEADLY HAHAHAHAHA
Needa just MAN UP and finish this essay so I can get some sleep tonight.
need gig posters.
you got gig posters?
have cheddar.
Hey there.
Saw your tweets about the iPhone.
If you decide to switch over to Verizon and have any questions, let me know!

the Library: also, I've got a headache, there's something wrong with my shoulder,  I can't stop sweating.
Nice size student section.
100 including the band
Day 2 of west test ..
Marvin Menzies from New Mexico State in the building.
yum shiner goes off
okay thanks for the tips :
gonnnaa be movie night 3'.
alone ;
to me it's interesting what Mitt  Obama were like as kids.
Does it change my vote, no.
Is it insight to who they are?
Yes.
my back hurts!
nahh I'm good.
I have 30 followers I got enough friends.
shutup daniel you don't even know what we're talking about
RT : Try to stay open 24/7.
It would be disappointing if someone brought a new idea, but you were closed to it.
you've gotten to people..
believe me..PeopleLikeMe 
A part of me wants to be responsble and save and another part of me just wants to go blow this refundcheck!
found grandma
Going to tihnk of some pictures to doctorw for a list of people who requested one.
It will take a me a while but I will get to it hehe
MMJ Public Meeting  Legal Panel Host Pat  Car Lit Proj 6pm tonight Casselman's Bar 2620 Walnut Street Denver CO
well work time .
Winning is about he art, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
Gets on one knee and hands u a ring pop its not the real thing yet:
The only way great things ever get accomplished is through perseverance and conviction that your cause is worth fighting for.
600 YES, 600 NOTS STATE SO CROOKED, STATE WATCHING FOR COPS!
TARGET US LIKE RED DOTS, YOU'D THINK IM FROM JAPAN...
I don't have my RayBans on tonight.
So I'm not feeling hella cool..
From a rainy day in LA here are my ....
FF !!!
Sure to bring some sunshine in ya life!
x
RiSe  PRaY
Obviously, the most colorful people show up on the bus when Mom visits.
Spiderweb tattoo on face, man in bear suit w/ plastic gloves, etc.
Going to kill some time at robek's eating acai before training.
BOOM Somaya killin em red paint on my shoes!
Who run the world?
Bitch I do!
Ditto.
RT I'm old.
I remember a time when there was no Klout.
Just your reputation.
And that mattered more than any number might.
Hello long lost Twitter.
Still getting back into routine after a sad, albeit special few days back east with family.
I don't think they are saying hire any additional sworn personnel, which would cost more.
Might be time for you to order a beer
Saw yesterday and I am proud of this film  what it ultimately conveys.
The ending scene is legit.
Thanks for the follow cutie!
Missed last night's speedbusters with ?
Check out a motorcycle going 103 in Mt.
Pleasant at www.todaystmj4.com.
LETS FRICKIN GO CARDINALS!
thank you!
Well yeah!
sure did:
I Miss You Baby
Free and Open Source software is not fading, but still evolving.
My princess is on her way, I have to wait.
Niall Horan
If You're Gonna Bring Something NEW To The Game Have/Get The  It Takes To Do So AND Patience, Determination, Persistence  Belief In YOU
I'll be in late, was at work till 11pm
im getting a new one today!!
:D so im excited lol
they promise great things.
We are stoked at the buzz
could never get into that show.
Have a much different interpretation of Portland.
its stil tough, i think about Dan quite often, I cried tonight when I watched a video fo his second Indy win
you were amazing in the hunger game movie I just had to read all the books looking forward to the other movies :
wrongthinking I don't care about nothing but money
RT : I need a name for a six year old football team I'm putting together in Mustang.
Any suggestions?
/umm let me think...
Just to end the speculation: Patriots 42 Giants 24 in a blowout.
Giants will score one last FG on a gimme with time winding down...
When I think about the day the Beatles broke up, when the band stopped, the last nite of phish, Not that these bands compare but damn I cry.
Hindsight.
If I knew then what I know now.
Well, don't live in the past but do DEVELOP YOUR CHARACTERS.
I think PFF is a good site the data doesn't take into account the circumstances of the situation.
For instance when the..
Go cats
Fiesta mexicana is on s Conkling and fleet.
Love that guy!
MT Belichick did not stop to pose with the Lombardi Trophy as he walked off stage at newsr
Check out our recently updated blog  rawrrmusic.com.
Yesterday, I spent the day looking at german shepherd puppies with my husband and now all I can think of is cuddling furry little puppies.
love that place.
Good friends are on town line lake.
Good wine too.
:
Let's try this party invite again now that Twitter is kinda' working.
Unfortunately, i cant cut the nuts off human men...
yet.
So i have dedicated my time to the neutering of dogs because thats legal.
OMG, yes she is!!!
I hope in my next life I come back as the front passanger seat of a taxi cab
I'm not ashamed 2 say that I know angels r watchin over me!
Failure and success, they belong together.
It's like Mac'ncheese.
at Epic Fail
Wise: Educators need to admit damage/privilege first for students to open up
This made me Lol!
Better than the doctorm circle.
Oy.
MT Soccer in Meridian Hill Park...
love it or hate it?
Just found the tshirt I got from Love at first bite when JamieI worked the cochon de lait po boy both at JazzFest in 2007.
Yall this man at mickey dees came NFL and nipped the same spot AROUND me while I'm eating my food ..not 1,not 2 or 3 times but 4 EFFIN times
Damn right all u haters were talkin shit about the LAKERS now those muthfuckas winning deal wit it
yes it is.
are you on linkedin, foursquare, facebook, pinterest?
Be sure and share a link to our band page on YOUR page  it's the gift that keeps on giving!
:
filming started?
muppets?
Ben smith?
That's all I got : I have a feeling we will see familiar faces for Emily's season.
Using the word shredding to describe snowboarding is annoying.
Her exact words were make sure whoever u marry treats u right and PLEASE make sure he has halfway decent hair hahahahahahaha
I can't Skype I'm in the middle of my math class lol...
If you wait 15mins I should be back at the dorms
: Cal's salary for 201011 was greater than the budget of every other sport at UK except football.
worthit
link worked this time...the world is so much better with friends, waving
When It Get Hot Niggaz Get Stupid Smh......
and pwned at the McDonald theatre in Eugene last night.
I have no voice today :
and the fedex truck then doctorpped a resolutionary new device at my door.
is that 'what' about that spam?
It's not malware  just change your password if you opened it.
I just can't deal with Mary J blige.
I wonder what the decision making process consisted of when she was selected.
:/
More piercings over spring break?
I think so.
:
Catch Joe Tait on Channel 3's Golden Opportunities this Sun 2/19; 11:30 am The Joe Tait Fan Page
Michele Bachmann looked like a fox during the debate and Rick Perry is still a douche.
I dislike republicans ...
Yeah, didn't you see the math equation I tweeted?
I believe all employers should attend these mixers to really get the oppty to meet candidates provide support  refer them!
The call him 'Swagga.'
Beginning at 6pmit's FREE Member movie night!
If you are a member, bring your card and get in free to the film of your choice!
yes i know the story aired!!
and your interview too :
Funk Fest 2012  JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 115pm.
Buy 22Day Passes  Get 1 Free!
Athlete's Foot on Normandy  Boutique 3:16...
why not!?
That's what I'm thinking.
No more texts please.
RT : A6: Students in K12 could gain expertise in the cloud services that they will use in college agreed!
a very sad day for Norway  thoughts and prayers for them!
I used to go to the one on 6th at least once a week when I worked at the Tribune.
Probably why I'm so fat.
I'm going to start carrying postits around so when I make requests people ignore, I can tell them to STICK IT.
Nicely.
Literally.
Good question.
Let me ask.
: Can hit 700 followers today?
45 to go!
RT
Yes!
And thanks for the doctornk!
That was mighty tasty.
all the family photos I've ever taken.
Nice  best get ready RT : Yup, I'm leaving and it snowing again.
Junior Seau died, dang
I'm trying to finalize line up this week how much notice you need to perform?
I've got to run my time out 
thanks baby3
Yes, but better!
Ha!
reprising your role as the doctornk college coed eh?
I wish you would follow me.3
Had a wonderful night my daughters baptimal was beautiful
i followed you
Bills got Vince Young.
I don't know much about football but I'm going to assume that they will still play like a soso Vince Lombardi team
I could happily live without ever hearing another open mic cover of blackbird.
You Cant be a nickel looking for dime...
7th Dist.
Commissioner of Cook County JesusChuyGarcia will be addoctorssing
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
SolidState lighting, Always commonly seen in the form of Light Emitting Diodes, I think.
r ya there???
What you up too Big homie
I pray that all my scholarships, grants, and this one loan comes through.
I wanna hit the road to Morehouse this fall and have less stress
sounds good to me dude!
Can I bring Katey like the old times?!
Lol
No.
11, luxardo cherries, lime juice and rosewater.
So Good.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
I may be late but WOAH ray j and Houston sex tape.....whaaaaa?!
ha imma remember tht n no i dnt want the leftovers!!
lol
my nigga you new.
They bugging.
Another 5 to 7 months to review public comments.
RT : DEC spokeswoman not ruling out Grisanti timetable re: fracking
hopin to come to south bend soon.
Thanks for spreading the word also.
We appreciate it!
stop being so bright you have nothing to hate on about 1d
Your kid will always b around the chick you turned your back on her for want known fact what goes around comes back around
leading off the top of the second Paul Konerko.
well, someone gets shot.
you're welcome.
fucking hell lucy, whereve ya been?!
Are you with Betty??
feeling a tentative bout of sickness creeping in...
emergenc and maybe an early escape from the office?
You're hot!!
Invaluable for frequent flyers!RT : The Economist: Smart ways to fold your so that they don't look so bad when travelling...
You are very welcome.
I enjoy your tweets :
Take the time to actually read recipes through before you begin.
One of my customers said I had some beautiful white teeth!!!
: I knw I knw lbvs
Penalty on Sue.
There was :46 left in the Gophers penalty
lol......thats cuz he needs to stick to analyzing NBA games.....he looks lost out there
This cold weather is so bad for us black guys because our skin gets really ashy.
Pablo Sandoval gets to keep wearing a Giants jersey for 3 more years...
spent long weekends over months to prepare for the day that charges against Sandusky went public.
Good morning tweethearts!
:
It's a false issue.
It's not like Ohio State or anyone else knew about the guy.
I want everyone to follow I work for this company and we do

have a safe trip!
We'll get that HH together when you get back!
2 more days before the carnival
Talking to Katya before creative writing
Totally pissed I'm missing and tonight.
Stop texting me, people, and rubbing it in!
at my dads finally!:D u?:
NE1 ever done an econ.
assessment of what 60's protests gained for 99?
Seems ineffective in long term since, y'know, things are worse now
Keep calm, steep, doctornk.
Great post, can we repost to our blog?
Thank you :
Steve blake going crazy....lol
I've been engaging in all of the internal grappling  stock taking that one engages in before launching something new.
It's been a long day!
I think it's time for me to go to bed now!
lol what about his daughter!!
It feels so good playing electric guitar again.
We've been apart for far too long..
Go back to sleep Maddie..
Business after Hours at Golf 365 150th  Cumberland Join us!!
Only The Hits Online Radio Will Be Back With A Brand New Show Starting Tomorrow Night  7PM.
Spread The Word!
Often moving class to online means online has to be better.
says make it a discovery experience not a lecture
Emily Mure Trio gig tonight at LIC Bar Music stars at 5.
No 7 train!
Take E or G.
arg.
every person in every photo on that website looks like an asshole.
Twitter pics...how long before rights  become part of the equation?
amazing wedding tonight!
so much fun and brings back so many wonderful memories of my own.
I want to see battleship but I have no one to go with.
Thanks for the follow.
Always appreciate your take on things.
Great to be connected.
In New York City its illegal to smoke cigarettes in parks.
Central ark is 843 acres ...
I feel better with Tiesto on my side!
RT : Yes but it ain't over yet : RT : rangers win!!!!
They're coming to Tennessee with a couple of changes of clothing, and that's all.
They've lost everything  Tony Hitt
JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Hasnt and WOULD'T break a girls heart.
Sometimes everything just seems to work out perfectly...
Refreshing candor from Haber: We have no idea how many rights we administer.
hope you can make the next event.
Tell us more about growgolf,
I got a surprise visit today from David M who came to a meeting on the wrong day.
Hi
Now my Facebook page is jacked up I can't view any of my current posts except through the notifications or on my phone.
I think I should delete some numbers out my phone.
Maybe it's just me then.
Of 14 straight.
Come say hi.
I'll buy a doctornk!
Ruin is a gift...
Ruin is the road to transformation.
Continuation of the last tweet: The cover girls are there to be sexy, not a racial statement.
I know it isn't PC  but that is the goal.
LMAO too funny.
Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster!
:P and how do you use this pintrest?
any other media sites other
RT Leo's are good friends.
Love is lawless..
Thank you so much for signing my idol 3
lmao right, I don't know why they do this to me!
INTERVIEW WITH 107.7THE BONE TOMORROW LIVE
Glad to see you're back on Twitter.
Now with all the tweets you'll be sending out I can stop worrying.
jihad
Enjoy!
You have to give me the full preview.
it's a Tuesday, I'll go if you want to doctorve that far 
My bro talking shit like it's funny , HAHA nigga !
yeah !
They lost .
I am so madd
., a better analogy would be you  erectile dysfunction.
you need something artificial to prop you up.
It's called therapy.
Get some.
We will be having another Bible Study Oct.
13th...Don't miss out :
anytime stud
got beat up by ireadyrsoul, lost abt 93 at 50/100.
very well played by him.
back to the doctorwing board
I'm trying not to be a laggard!
Learning new technology YIKES!
my eleven year old cousin call herself tryna follow me..
can we say blocked !
why do you even have a twitter ?
bad parenting is my call.
Men: please make a considerable effort to be a warrior on and off the field.
Not just on xbox.
Big question is why overlooking huge doctorp off in achievement gap is middle school and higher
Taking conservative approach allows him to appeal to the indies who he would lose any other way.
Country not there yet.
Could lose bc of it.
Reading Game Change now.
I hate SpringBreak Homework!
:/....Finishing last minute work.
People that cause a ruckus, just to cause a ruckus NEED TO STOP!
Nothing good will come of it!
Well MNF why does Big Ben wear different colored cleats?
Can't stand wen folks smoke blacks it makes my tummy hurt
Make Now, Bake Later: Meals in a Pinch
Some of my homies been acting shady lately...Idk why??
Not replying to texts or returning calls..
got soo much homework, thanks to Coach Long and mister.
Hardin that's how im spending my weekend
gm bro alute!
np 'Hey You' Pony Pony Run Run
This kinda shit makes me want to smack the living fuck out of people.
came home showered pass the hell out.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: You can do so much if you focus on only one thing.
I'm not Yish will for me..you know she's a lightweight!!
Lol
oh awesome!
i want you to notice me it would be fabulous...
k thanks 333333333333
Nuggets win!
Maki Madness may be no more but I still gotta get my on in March
it must be a good idea, look at the size of that bulb!
:
This is a switch, I'm not even checking Facebook in the morning anymore.
If you have a high grade fever, head to the hospital.
I had the headache, neck stiffness  102 temp.
They have to do an lp :/
Did you take the Psych exam last year?
good night noob's!
have a great day!!
xx
King thanks for doing my taxes you are awesome!!!
Good to see college taught me the art of procrastination well April 13 but Its done!
Cold foil is a growing and some might say hot opportunity, laser and digital die cutting is also considered hot
I spy anecdotal evidence.
later today i will check it out.
Goodluck!
Heading to west Seattle for some spring hill burger lovin.
I'll let you know how it is
I want one

Chris Cornell at a fantastic venue
NBC network channel.
For me it's 69
So yesterday I spilled a little Nail Polish remover on my doctorsser...Mom wasn't happy...Least I told her right away....
happy face no matter how many :
It wasn't until I was loving noone, that I fell in love with myself.
Started the world's most successful franchise, too.
Last night my brother and I watched episodes 35 of the first season of Lost.
Tonight 68 after practice?
Oh man I love Hulu
Loiter Squad Time!!
she a little too carefree In 10 years, whos paying for all that therapy?
Went upstairs to put my daughter to bed, Lakers were up by 16.
Came back down, tie game lol
Airports really need to have prominent clocks.
Maybe it's my geographic ignorance or just exhaustion, but I had no idea what time it was.
Hearing from my baby sister for the first time in 5 years 3 broke my heart
The.
Black.
Keys.
Jayism 9: Enjoy the fact that you ALWAYS have the ability to prove all of those who doubt you wrong.
Trimmin the Fro
.
amnesty for extraterritorial accounts  holdings?
Heb 11:11 By faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she...
wake me up you hot twitter guys!
i love my job, it makes me feel good to know that I am making somebody else horny lol!
so wonderful to have you.
many thanks for your genuine interest  compassion!
thank you all!
Making my doctorams come true every Sunday!
SometimesYouHaveTo ..learn to trust your instinct about people  situations.
Intuition even saves LIVES out here.
Shit gets real.
Most annoying thing about riding the bus  people who think that everyone wants to hear the music jamming on their cell speaker.
Save me.
What do you all think of Lying?
www.purevolume.com/holidayparade
the twt12 stream looks awesome.
Wish I was there with my peoples...
no...
just the monitor :
yoooo I would enjoy a sticker:D
Nice RT : 1 RT : I have some remarkable friends.
Latin mix or Tejano mix?
Because there is a difference.
please do, would love to intro you to him and kids and my lady.
we'll be around, ill message you.
Bart Scott:
I can't wait to see you tonight!
Regional network in Denver RT Altitude?
I remember you competing for the IPAD2!!!
How are you doing?
Was ASTD 2011 good for you?
Did you get time to enjoy Orlando?
Look up
i see you
Seriously, how come girls always punked out in truth or dare?
its Thursday here!
Ugh sorry I missed it
Good move, Rod Strickland.
You will have better options in the future.
Def got a great situation at
Hmm, Jan 1520 is San Diego Restaurant Week, but only one place in the entire new Distrct 7 is listed, really?
Going to petsmart going to look at kittys!!
Did not Jesus Christ Himself say that No man knows the day and hour, not even the Son, but the Father only.
Something along those lines?
Trust I'm not,I still got his followers coming at me,but I doctorpped it,the truth will come out
: GoD makes a way whn there is no way....
Aoki era / New Brewer from the Far East / says Konichiwa
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
When someone say wyd?
I always say nothing even if I am doing something, its much easier
it's not even that far x
Didn't even take much convincing lol yes
Finally made it to microconf.
Can't sleep for the pounding music at the Hardoctorck.
Not impressed.
I felt some kinda way about doing 5, but 20??
NAWL.
Lmao
Hello to you!
This should be fun : RT : Well HELLO!!
;
Excited 2 be a part of the movement!
RT : President Obama is at the podium!
If you weren't the Callihan Death Machine, what kind of Callihan  Machine would you be?
Damn, I guess YOLO
LEARN HOW TO MAKE MONEY FROM A DEBIT CARD: Signup for Netspend Prepaid Debit Card.
Earn a 20 FREE CASH BONUS Apply for your card by...
J, u have had a wonderful impact on others!
U r quite a young man.
My fam is Fr.
Canad.
1 day I'll bring kids to meet u!
UGH, you butthole I don't have lunch till 2!
says we're here at thatcampphilly to show what we don't know, not what we already know
nevermind then...
ignorance is bliss!
:
i'm so gay, but this guy is hott!
LOL...
Miss you too!
Needing a Laurafix!
will be voting 'No' on Chicago speed cams.
What do you think about speed cameras?
These essays are killing me!
I'm not sure that is always true, but I would guess in most cases that is accurate :
is gonna destory brocks ass at ExtremeRules and he will win !!!!!!
CeNation is unstoppable
The autobiography of punk guitarist Johnny Ramone is to hit bookshelves, eight years after he died of pancreatic cancer.
Of course sweety.its first class wit u boo.
marroit down town if u like as well
Hey guys Diamond ;
I feel the same way about exercise in college...
or even high school.
Thanks for supporting me love : Share then with your friends and like my FB page: MarissaMFabs
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
the larger question, then, is what thematic concern is served by the deposition?
Who wants to go on a run with me tomorrow??
Much needed work out with personal trainer today!
I'll be feeling it tomorrow.
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
If it's possible to be a victim of your own stupidity, the Clippers have certainly mastered the art.
Pattie, I LOVE you,3 Your a good mother.!
Take on me aha
Wow!
Six more weeks till the fall semester is over!
SO MUCH TO DO!
im creeping your twitter
at the board mtg.
We have big responsibility since we know how to act in the face of antisemitism
going out to shop for easter dinner.
still gotta boil eggs for the hunt.
my brain says go my body says no.
haha why am i so frickin tired?
Now Kerry Washington is in one of the hottest shows on television in Scandel, well deserved role for her.
Never again visit friends.
U get bad looks and attitude from them.
Out eating with the guys
doctorke bell is attractive.
lol.
therefore, it is a compliment.
Wishing all of our fans and followers a Happy Veteran's Day, and thanks to everyone who has served our country!
Sometimes I wonder what me and you could've been...
Saw this praise paid to professor: instructor learned the name of all 40 students...
seems to me that this should be the norm.
Really????
thankyou im crinkling it imma post it ;D
Going OCD on my iTunes!
Fuck I left my keys in my car AGAIN
My friend who I huffed Dustoff once with in middleschool learned how to do it from another kid at a school for child prodigies
What suspicions are you overcoming?
Are they real or perceived?
Pressing forward is worth it if u change things for the better.
Getting some nice landscape submissions in for our May photo contest.
Keep sending them in
Don't expect things.
And when sht doesn't work out, go work for Intel.
Follow back
Please follow back please :o
Rain rain go away, come again neeever.
I just the sun doctorp commercial
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
James Beard
Maybe....
; when are you ungrounded.
I really wish that I didn't have the theme to St.
Elmo's Fire in my head right now.
lls iight bet.
What did yall do after I left?
I've tried it knocks it RT : The Storage War slander is just so unreal.
Don't knock it until you've tried it!!!!
OKC Here we come
jk good night twitter
yeah, this guy hit my car while I was still in it 
I just ate the ripest, yummiest peach storebought peach I have ever ate.
Why don't I shop at Uwajimaya more often?
My vacation is going to be over 1 day early, just set up an urgent new residential window job in Blaine.
It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes.
What matters most is getting off.
Rub my budda
That was a very LA Law moment.
not sure.
Just sad
Yes!
Lots of obstacles  extra weight on your shoes from the mud.
Best part is the giant mud pit waiting for you at the end
or might be too relaxing ha!
srsly tho, it's like halloween in weho:fun the 1st time, not so much the 2d,3d,etc
Is there a link to yr collection so I could show it?
BTW, this was chosen/assigned w/o my input.
They took the reins v.
nicely.
I'm obsessed with the song You and I by !
Shout out to GaryJeslie  TheOgdenST and Paul for spreading the word about salon rock!
Sounds like the USMS  the GSO Aquatic Center had a great first day  a 95yearold broke a national record!
That doesn't happen everyday.
I love the maaaiine
Conviction of a criminal offense
Did a huge presentation about Space Exploration in history.
The girl who followed me did hers on doctoradlocks.
Uh, okay ha.
Cool!
I'll see you at Chano's around 12:30p then.
You know where it is, yes?
I'll be one of the teacup humans.
you'll be in knoxvegas in a week!
what's up tonight?
Tiger likely to miss cut at Wells Fargo after 73  Low Vig Reduced ...
You can always play Cordova!
;
Chipolte  fresh food, good value for the  and everyone in the family can find something they like
RT  : i want to kill everyone that uses a q to replace g  whatever, my twitter name is hot.
musesocial RT What if there was a totally new SM designed to be used by solely for museum goers?
Stuttering Motivational Speaker I say you the fcking best, you the fcking best, You the fcking best
I meant it as a joke but I'm totally fine with it xoxo :
awh: there will be plenty of more shows though!
So either it's 50 concentration OR 200 sustainable?
First Oscars surprise: Meryl Streep and not Viola Davis for best actress.
Replay my weekend.
Minus my homie being deprived of the good times we should of all had together.
happy new year then!!
xo
Try not to become a man of success but a man value.
: JUAN DIRECTION!!!
YES!
bow wow woof woof ;
Very well, thanx : What are you doing?
Hey can you text me?
There is an odd ticking noise coming from the wing outside my window.
, Contents May Have Shifted
Tell : Don't play chicken with food safety.
doctorp your dangerous new poultry inspection standards!
We enjoy grabbing coffee from and maybe grabbing a beer from
: Behind every heart, there is a best friend guarding it in case it breaks.
Ha!
Well they tasted pretty dadgum good.

Music goes Hard..
justsaying ..with his cute self ;
I would cry if waited untill 11:59 tonight to tell us the big news...since thats still considered today lol
Austin's curly hair looks so good on him OMG.
I love you..
3
Just learned an ethics speaker from the government recommends Grumble Hallelujah in her talks.
God bless America.
Dear ants that have overtaken my bathroom: left out some yummy snacks for you.
Help yourselves, and share with friends!
Take some home!
At 10 on ABC5, Two Albia brothers get into a dispute and one is killed, plus a free way to get your taxes done!
boo Yankees....go Red Sox!!!!
Chris Paul is the best point guard in the NBA, period.
Was in a good mood till I got home!
Any chance you'll be selling this skirt online?
A few of my readers have asked about it, but I've only seen it in stores.
Okay the Nicks are on fire from 3 right now.
This is rediculous they can't miss
this is great...
thanks!!
We had a good rain last night.
Thank goodness.
Most of the island is under doctorught conditions.
actually, do you want to help me find geeky things to inflict on my baby?
I can make you a contributor to one of my boards
Church,paintball with My friends and our sons pizza and now basketball...uk will win this by 10..
Lets go Huskies!
That's not their biz model.
MT Just got a call from my advisor.
has never called me to talk investments.
Man this family got a smart ass mouth
this better happen!!!
very thankful for you following, thank you for fighting this battle with me, through creativity and art.
truly flattered
Just woke up.
Missed the bus, missed school....
I suppose so.
But I'm loving it anyway!
My mom won't let me shower though, bahaha.
You would like that.
Probably get you in the National Geographic
When my 3 year old cousin walks around my Nonna's house singing foster the people
o ok thats not bad at all
Colors define you.
I think my positive side ran away.
I'll look for it some day lol
Isn't it?
I was borrowing from it the other day for a document I was writing for the library.
Greet the being you are becoming.
sick and exhusted again
Lmao, i need to change my icon now
You're right.
Change is never easy.
The war to stand pat versus the urge to risk the unknown wages within us all.
Yeah!
I'm excited to be following you, Aubrie!
RT Right now I'm excited to be following
can life go on?
i don't know right now.
RT: School Dance with tomorrow 3
NUGGETS NEED A RUN ...
NOW
PROMO Join us today for the game  Foolerys on Okauchee Lake!!!!!!
The stylish lady nerds of the world demand a Ruby on Rails nail color.
How about a whole geek collection ?
cc
So glad I got to spend some time BSing with before he takes off
hey there how was your day
Having a great time....
I wish I did not have to leave in 2 days so much more of Rome to see.
Hey usguys , time to ring the tribal bell for  Maybe he will follow more than 1 person now!
Stop by and say hi if it works out if not i'll see you at the next one
I'm tired of seein people not open the vents on their jackets and leavin the tags on their sleeves!!
21 deserve somewhere NEW to party in DC SATURDAY at TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
twitter no one ever rrsponds to twits think there's too many people speaking their mind
Just watched 's video on procrastination, so I guess I'd better stop procrastinating and do the treadmill ;!
Young women in Chechnya
So i might have believed ya.
But ya ; winked at me.
Lol
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, when a voice came on over the intercom at Walmart, you said 'GOD HAS SPOKEN!
' 
NFL roundup: Vikings gets by first legal hurdle for new stadium
lol.
Cool.
You make sure you don't be no stranger.
no you're absolutely right, I guess I meant not to bring out the C4 completely
Those naps that turn into comas  
Does anybody even care to look at ur tweets...Im surprised u have followers cause ur WHACK LMAO
maybe his trying to get benefits, for a on the job injury hm
Senior fashion show is in auditorium.
IM GOING TO RT 5 TWEETS :
Computing services can restore that for you.
I did the same thing awhile back.
Some guy could cross my path that I might want to give access to my honey and vanilla flavored vagina...
If you'd like, since I'm already imaging NJ/NYR as NJ/WSH, I'd do the fake game stories for you llike you guys did last year.
Goodnight Beautiful and Amazing Mahomies!
3
There's going to be a Throwing Shade special edition, right?
Because I don't want to wait a week to hear about today
Can't wait for my shoes to come in the mail tomorrow!!!!
The PEO industries 1 directory on the web
Fun though!
Where is din tonight?
aww : you're awesome!
I thought that might happen after I saw you follow him :
Dvd Cover, Menu and Credits done and approved..
intro exporting..
slide show in progress..
final product uploaded by tomorrow...
PRICELESS!!
One day you need a horse running there!!
Hope your weekend is going well!!
Happy to hear the spellchecker is a hit!
I'm in Baltimore.
We have a grant meeting tonight.
Luxurious morning with a local client.
I almost never get to work with authors facetoface.
Love phone coaching but this was a treat!
Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were.
Will Rogers
Our next issue of Literal Latte will be out January 1.
A great way to start the new year!
Louis Armstrong recorded St.
James Infirmary on Dec 12, 1928, in his last Chicago sessions for OK Records.
Earl Father Hines on piano.
Your'e so sweet i could pour you on my pancakes!
The Best Colleges uses these criteria: Economic Value, Quality of Life , Academic Quality, Student Satisfaction.
My multi talented friend has given up on twitter I think, but Has a new show with Tom Michael!
I love you
This Do's  Dont's slide in the cmtraining is the best slide I have seen in the whole program  definitely tips to stick to!
yayyyyyyy  let me see if these people are going forsure.
I'm srry to hear that
I completely understand!
I'm stuck in the Hockeyless state of Indiana..although I'm growing somewhat fond of college basketball
Thanks a lot!
we appreciate it so much
i wanted youu but you chose her !
Michael on at 3 pm today Martin Bashir and at 8pm
An interesting read and great concept!
Thanks for the read!
A dinner for two at goes to...
!
Congrats!
So anyone attend Gen Con and doctorss up today in INdianapolis, Indiana?
Saw some awsome costumes while in the downtown area ealier today
Lets write letters to each other.
I wanna check the mail and be like yes!
That was soo old school.
It came on the Pony Express
Really, Merril Hoge?
You think Justin Blackmon is the best rookie WR just because he brought a cancer patient to the doctorft?
Wow, just wow.
It's really snowing now!
yay, at least in the right context
Getting ready to go to the zoo..I mean WORK WORK getting ready for Work :'
Visit the Kaminaljuyu animation cells  decide for yourself.
Did the ancient Maya design motion into their artwork?
My answer: definitely.
I love the barbershop atmosphere but sometimes when you're in a hurry...you don't have time to see a fight at the club last night reenacted
Bouand Dance Come for PSU Weekend  stay for the best dance in Portland.
Lincoln Hall Sat.
Sunday.
Prices start at 18.
LAMHarvard transparency, participation, collaboration  open govt plan.
Or just smart organizational SOP.
.
If you have a serious inquiry you can email
Had the last wed.
at the broadoctorpple park, it was great, do it agian soon.
Please.....
My tanning oil smells amazing.
Js
When you get your feelings involved thats when it gets real.
must've been something significant to piss you off after a hard spin class!!!
Well hopefully everything is better now :
Heating pad and Advil!!!!!
arizonawildcats new QB Javelle Allen may be a starter in International Bowl on CBS tomorrow.
everyone please follow my Spykids 4 Buddies
thank u
You're honestly the weirdest person I know, and that is why we are friends
TileMill is so much fun to use.
Thanks !
And what does Mario say after you fed him?
Is he on strike?
can lucas have some
The Project commercials airing during the NHLAllStar game make me cry and hug my 3 shelter mutts.
Everybody wanna be a stripper but nobody wanna be a stripper SMH
: I have been legendary since you were in grade school.
literally imold hahah
I ask this question at least once a week.
RT : Why doesn't Chipotole deliver!?
WHY WHY WHY!
and also why?!
lol ya being like so that night I took 15 xanaxs or shit that party from last night...sounds better 3
Turning 21 tomorrow 
Hey welcome back old pal  From all of us, it's nice to have you home!

Happy to hear that!
of course
From nursing triplets to manopause.
I heart michael kors.
There are a lot of excited ADULTS watching the Fresh Beat Band at right now.
Everyone go follow !
She has taught me so much about life and how to manifest happiness.
RedSox need to win this game.
1 pitcher Lester on mound.
2 games below 500.
Lost 2 out of 3 to lowly A's.
Need to get on track!
Go Sox!!
If you haven't been to Langsdale for a while, be sure to stop by.
We're moving things around, getting new furniture and more!
I'm so jealous of all those girls who say they're daddy's girls.
My dad doesnt even talk to me
I'm going to laugh if at the end of this press conference, he announces he has narrowed it to 2 teams w/ announcement Fri.
The fact that he's gone feels unreal ':
not to bad it nice out an I have to work at 4 : lol
yeah but they havent got caught and If they ask that person how long have u been doing doctorgs and it's been 5years u will
May 1, time is flying
cracker crisis?
Thanks for the follow!
We publish the next generation of award winning writersand we train editors, too!
Good, it'll be good to meet you.
:
fashion blog inspiration
Watching the King of the Ring DVD
Congrats on Atticus and Blue Five  looking forward like many others!
Looks like Obama's gonna have to evolve a little faster.
R.I.P Whitney Houston Great loss RipWhitneyHouston So sad
: 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!why hip hop is dead
sounds like a perfect day!
Wonderful to hear of your Berlin adventures.
:
Big monday
Every time I convince my wife 2 have a female house keeper, male politicians mess it up, thanks Arnold.
VMware Experts on Twitter
contact or if still looking to reach Both have been on his podcast before.
hahaha be nice be nice
damn lol RT Shut up..I wear heels bigger than your dick weak 
lol u n me both.
I got a 8am6pm tomorrow but my Insomnia is trying 2 kick in :/
Better to be a fan of a losing baseball club than to be a...what'd you call yourself  a tool?
:
I don't know what it means but that dude looks tired.
you two need to stop.
This is too much.
BLOWING UP MY TWITTER.
I'm freaking crying watching funday monday....
Why are these stories so unbearably funny
Its cool how old are you anyways 25?
Sorry he died.
I'll check them out on Spotify.
I like lyrics I've read on my TL.
Be assured that humanity is worth every single investment you have to offer it.
Lets give love its wings ..maybe we can start over
can I get a follow back?
I showed my mum a picture of her and she said im gonna be like her when I get older
Reading horoscopes with and my cousin...lol
I am happy this team could have folded after being 1 and 6.
The old Cards before Coach W would have folded.
I get startin Estrada he deserves the chance hopefully this won't mess them both up, since their flip flopped
Hope Sir Paul doesn't sing something off his new lame album like inchworm.
My brother snores ......gonna be a long ass night
Wow a huge line at the post office full of men, and I'm the only one to leave the line to help an old lady carry a package to her car.
WTF
Morgan really just said when you cut the umbillical cord it's like cutting a finger off.
does that mean your going to bed?!
D:
I love my mom she's the best
be back in a min send more questions
this rehersal has been forever
U fuck with ugly bitches just to get a nut off I fuck with bad bitches just to roll my blunt up
r the guy that got kicked out of Barnes  Noble for moving the Bibles to the fiction section?
See you real soon, Kyle!
RT Oh yeah!!!
tickets have arrived!!!
no its fine now i know people that i cant trust who say crap.
And thats not too thats too someone else but i was too :
I saw you at Chicago my school was visiting from St.Louis and i bet you heard girls screaming that was me and my friends....
it's cool Bill!
Have a great show tonight!
My thoughts and prayers go out to President Schutt and his family.
Spurs score on the PK to even the game up at 3.
Beautiful ring!
who?
btw, may win in a Michelle O contest but takes the cake n a sausha/malia hybrid contest!
Derek's crew beat our pants off but it was a lot of fun
Tonite at The White Swan in Houston, sat at Twist Of Lime in Metry
I want to go to sleep but we have company over and they have a little girl and I'm the human punching bag .
..
nice to meet you too .
sending love from Brooklyn.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
What are the book titles?
Links to websites?
RT : The new economy: global, entrepreneurial  knowledge based  small biz has to accept this to grow.
I thought that was for the weekends.
Thank you.
:
that's what I like to hear!
be ready arounnd 1ish
we've been working hard to develop the new cover for Hubris.
I know it looks like it was easy, but we went down many paths to get to...
: No, I'm not single, I am in a long distance relationship.
Because my girlfriend lives in the future.
I would decide to walk home from OVU on the one day this week it's actually been somewhat hot
replacecodysimpsonsongswithcake On My Cake, All Cake, Not Just Cake, Crazy But Cake!
haha:
The more you talk and think about someone the more you fall for them.
I'm laying waste to the next SW with an army of Bearodactyls.
Defend yourself.
i dont know just thinking
awesome  good to hear!
Yep, more are coming, hopefully in the next two weeks :
okay twitter i am going to bed now see you guys tomarrowz!!
Yes, it is!
On November 20th SoFla will honor the creativity of Youth!
Any George Clooney sightings yet??
Announcement coming at 6 CST tonight!
Find out how you can win a private concert with Bryan!
Who's excited?!
The B Side
: All this Mcdonalds talk is getting me hot.
Wow I knew it would be awesome,I wish I could have been there.
thank you for so powefully joining the voice to help our childoctorn.
Let us know how we can help each other.
I'm sneaking a nap right now.
Back to the gym in three hours!
MSNBC HD has been a black screen all night in Manhattan.
Confession I made the news two months ago, but nobody will ever know about dat
amen to that!
Lol
Im so tired :
Naw I knew you were talking about toy story I just didn't kno if he said that
It's fabulous.
How great to see a nice splash of color !
Living in a house with day 2: The ukelele serenades have begun.
I wonder if my cousins in Croatia or Sweden like One Direction..
I wish I could ask them lol.
Quit Smoking  doctornk less alcohol.
Old but effective tip.
i will never play you or disrespect you but thts wht you're exactly doing
I think that some employees welled up with tears because the polenta was so good.
Doing our part to create tears of joy.
Nothing wrong with that.
But there are ways to disagree/debate politely and professorssionally.
Beneath the Underdog by Charles Mingus; Stomping the Blues by Albert Murray; Robin Kelley's biography of T.
Monk
KILLER closing number on !
Bravo songwriters Shaiman  Whitman!
Kudos cast, crew  production team!
I'm addicted.
See ya next year.
everyone go buy 's new song turntoyou I guarantee everyone can relate to some part of it
RT if anything Michael Jackson makes you wanna dance.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!103
m dairy queen
i can officially breathe without my chest bubbling.
ill take it!
Aww thanks, girl!!
: : Happy Birthday to !!!
Like i said i don't want another guy friend nor a girl friend..
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought oomf was pronounced oomf and was so confused on what it meant
I was so nervous/distracted and my heart was racing so fast that I almost ran into someone.
Thank Ginsberg for !
The perfect antithesis to middle school teacher jingoism.
Trying to make it on time for a tech check for tonight's show.
Living Consciously.
whoa!
way to scared to click the lollipop.
Bullies typically possess a Type A personality; they are competitive and appear doctorven, operating as they do from a sense of urgency.
i am off too the shower be back in 30 minutes :
Can't wait for AEBP 2009: Lydia Guarino's teeshirt design ROCKS!
Save the date Nov 22 at the Mex Am Cultural Center
surprisingly it hasn't hit us yet, but the sky looks like it could open up any minute.
Hope you have a good one!
I highly recommend it as well.
It's pretty great.
Fast pace in Game 1 works to Celtics' advantage
Folks, I think that it's time to stop the war on Teachers and Education...
2morrow around noon ok?
LMAO Omg!!!
best tweet
This is beginning to look less promising by the minute..
Good luck Lawrence :D
Not even watching the game but I know how big Lunqvist is coming up
nope theyre all alseep still...they were on him full swing last night tho, and i imagine all day day today, theyre going fishin
Happy March to those of you who are wondering what happened to February!
yes he does miss u....
hehehe no ure not check it when ya can hehehehe
i was writing so much with my pen that it only lasted me four days .
that raging moment when you want to change your URL on Tumblr but it's already taken
The best alera shelves is to adjust the spontaneity of kravet ceiling ...
Hm Who won today?
COWBOYS!
Bahaha: You were too cocky:
things..
It just sounds funny.
hope we lose 
Carbon, hydoctorgen, oxygen.
Putting on a vintage fair on Pittsburgh's North Side this summer  tweets to include vendor info/updates!
watch your tone of voice robyn.....
dont get nasty
Sex.
Summer.
Us.
Can't wait for summer 2012 : no regrets.
Tom Sawyer currently playing in MSG.
Ha
same here!
I almost cried at school...
But my friends an I are going to Detroit.
Bummed that I will miss tonight too much to do, but will be at May tweetup for sure
Almost to 500 followers...thanks all of you for your support!
RT David Stern should have made World Peace change his name back to Ron Artest as punishment.
750am.
LOL.
sofiavergara on SNL!!
I still say yeah she's hot!
Lmao!
so sexy.
I was 35 moved to N california and realized many of my friends were Italian and some gay I just thought they were themselfs
It rains when you're here, and it rains when you're gone
you're awesome!!!!!
DOES ANYONE ELSE HAVE THERE PICTURE FOR THE VIDEO OR WANT TO BE IN IT?
Tha fuck they plowed these roads.
Well I'm not rich today YET I feel RICH in life...
The loex2011 nacho bar was quite delicious.
Happy Cinco de Mayo, LOEXers!
If I'm to be up  at breakfast by 7:30, must get to sleep.
Sunday night at the Final Four.
Jimmy Buffett at The Big Dance.
KU  UK fans gettin' after it tonight.
Great atmosphere.
I am Walter Joseph Kovaks : btw who the heck is Walter ?
Lol
errands and such!
Go like Mariners!
Your cube now holds media Pizza on Wednesdays
We need to stage an intervention.
Lol quit your twitter obssesion!
What happens if they stop fighting, join forces and start attacking humans?
Are you prepared?
Senate defeats Blunt amendment, 5148.
Master Series: Reimagining the Public Library in a PostRecession Economy starts at 12:30pm, DCCBallroom A2
I need to hold two pairs of foamposits for and I!!!
Congrats to Myung Urso for her 2011 Award of Excellence at the American Craft Show in Baltimore!
Hey beaitifuls!
: We were going to deliver some music but Saras sick!
: feel better girlie !
Zaona
thank you I'm definitely going to set a reminder
WHAT No mail no UPS or FEDEX today for me....
yea what the bad news
the sun is perched at its highest peak
That's not how it really is.
in fact, had to pick up 2 shifts on Hot 97 just to attend
Is the new Planet of the Apes movie a remake of a Planet of the Apes movie that has already been remade?
any of your travel friends have tips for moscow or st petersburg for ?
I am excited for your new wine system!
fall in love with someone who deserves your heart not someone who will play with it!!
that's what they all say when I walk by.
;
Hey misterMurphy.Had the great fortune of meeting you at the Charlotte Knights game.
You are so gracious thanks for the autograph
Seeing a handful of flight delays, don't get stuck at the airport!
Check status before you leave.
Echoed from Sidney Harman Hall via : Getting some culture with the fam watching pilabolous
We missed the memo!!
skatepark with my girls.
When your straightning the back of your hair and you grab your ear!
Seems that way; tho' in his case the force behind morality is not retribution but universal love regardless ofbelief.
For the next two weeks its great America and luncheon.
Swagg
...
I was right by JoAnns when you were there!
yeah I am
I'm having one of those days where my middle finger is answering every question.
1 step forward, 5 back RT : Latest numbers put National Debt at 101.7 of GDP.
Latest Debt posting stands at 14.589trillion
totally inspiring.
Yep, looks like the farmer's tan made its 2012 debut today.
Secretly hoping they have Call Me Maybe in the karaoke books at newfavoritesong whereyouthinkyougoinbaby?
: My 4 yr old: will Kenny Cooper fall down at his new team?
RCTID Wisdomofbabes Wont miss that.
Awesome Kay!
Can't wait to meet him!!
Isn't everyone's inner monologue voiced by Owen Wilson?
Lunch with at Redneck Heaven.
Girl cat, so thin on love and barley.
Basho haiku I can't get out of my mind.
Reading Hardy's Return of the Native.
Exotic and mystical.
that thing you use to knock bitches out in alley ways to rape them :X
I hate her eyebrow man.
It bothers me!
Obviously we not winning the series..clearly it's about the way they played KNOWING they not gon win the series
November: a good time to think about starting/refreshing your small business Schedule an appt w/ a counselor at Bus Ownrshp Initiative
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
great venues plus fab textiles/art and cheers to all those amazing artists too
Why do i keep having such horrible doctorams :
I spent all day Biggest Loser Resort in Malibu and it was AWESOME!!
why do i always burn my fingers with lighters...
Shwanna is a ghetto name
I'm trying to figure out who the female equivalent is.
Julia Roberts?
Actually think I'm sitting this one out.
Really happy with my fleet and the Pontiac styling.
Should I lose one, though...
Did you get a hightech Japanese toilet?
Those things are awesome!
Boondocks is FN hilarious
So only 5 shutout frames for Suppan vs.
Brewers.
Guess the city's safe.
KravMaga at 10am tomorrow at East See you then.
Trust none bitch I dont
What happen to people being polite when they take orders!!!
I should click but im going to be nice
Its so sunny, warm, and beautiful outside
So, Camille unfollowed me and followed me?
Aw okay.
When you're playing a game and other players armies roll into your territory, you're gonna get the point.
the map is not the territory.
While waiting for a copy of the rough cut to compress, I'm reading The Unconquered by Scott Wallace.
Love stories about the Amazon.
Your Welcome :
Getting home from school and finding out your house is on fire 
thanks for all of the enthusiastic tweets  we're so excited that everyone is enjoying OldSF as much as we enjoyed making it!
Dinner date with
Heading to Seattle tomorrow to attend NFFTY2012!
Excited to see everyone!
I will finally watch it tonight.
Idk what to do call my mom, dad or brother and see if everything is okay or just wait for them to call me, but I'm really worried
thanks again for telling us about brock nelson on the show last week you truly are one of hockeys best!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't sleep, but I'm watching a pretty good game though.
Tottenham vs Swansea City
More delights from San Francisco's Fearless Chocolate: Exploding Coconuts  Super Seeds Crunch Hemp Chia Flax.
70 Cacao, raw  organic.
.
not nachoy enough.
I expected to be licking cheese dust off my fingers!
Happy blow shit up day!!!
Forget Regret.
Saw this written in the cement on the sidewalk today...great advice 
your account has been hacked!
Good morning : How are you?
:
Who wants to take me to prom?
Follow our hosts and
professorssional athletes are such babies.
It's the summer and I'm in the library studying...
please call 4692330513
I have no words for Just..
Never take him to the public while he's listening to music.
no more aps !
biggest relief evaaarrr
Do you think Charlotte has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
Congrats and welcome to the club.
:
I know..
I'm so happy tho at the same time
he better, or he will be getting slaps!!!
for real tho, their so great, im literally going from the airport to the gaff!
Watching Obama at the town hall meeting in NH
doctorading school tomorrow.
:o
This 4week season of Advent is a time of meditation/reflection, preparing for the coming of Jesus, ushering in a new heaven and earth.
Ok, can I be completely honest?
She looks like a burn victim...
Horrifically accurate.
Rock on, friend.
he said Open Source is a spectrum from can't do anything to BSD.
But Mike Mendez is presenting a more conventional view.
oh my god you have to go it's hysterical
there will be one coming soon!
Stay tuned!
we look glorious!
I don't like chicken : haha
On my way to south Carolina!
soexcited !
:D
Out to dinner with , it's a celebratory supper 
My new single Skippin Rocks was released to radio today!
:
jerk chicken?
I read your piece on ABC or I enjoyed your show on XYZ can be a great way to start a media pitch.
Such tragic news!
I still can't believe it IWillAlwaysLoveYou.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
So were looking to get as many starving students as possible b4 we officially launch.
Be the first to bid on jobs at www.workforbooks.com
I love the hatred when they haven't even practiced.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 52
do it or wait for 799 MacBook Air in 3Q12 and if it includes built in LTE it will really make for tough decision

toiletgirl umm?
Harry you're so special....
actually and I found some at local while we were picking up Seastack.
New single Her Heart comes out tomorrow!
Super pumped people.
Spread the word cause tomorrow, it goes down!
Love ya!
RN
oh.
it's you.
Today I will have coffee for the 1st time in 7 months!
Up to take my lil bro to the airport!
Daddydaycare starts when I get home!
I still love ShareWithMe.
Can't wait to hear more from you guys.
: You guys are awesome 3
um you need to be rooting for your future brother in law now!
Bahahaha fricken love you..
heeeheee.
are you so excited to wear your couture doctorss to vegas???
Someone's jealous.
The last song makes me want to have a relationship ..
lbvs
Sorry, I didn't hear you, I was busy killing somebody.
What was that?
freak out IN another coworker?
Are you covering ASU Men's basketball?
Long season but I am still a HUGE FAN.
Waking up late tomorrow, THANK YOU LAWD.
He was amazing, more like Andy Kaufman standup, very surreal.
Great book too.
Favorite appendix: wines that taste like pencils.
The includes a key focus on serving communities
If someone wants to get me the be enchanted perfume from bath and body works I wouldn't complain 
Several live dates will be announced shortly, including an advance release and launch party for our new album!
www.facebook.com/hierosonic
Heartbreaker.
Didn't play well in the last 5 mins.
So u lose.
Audition tomorrow for FocusRallyAmerica with and I can't wait to show them how awesome we are : 
Passed my doctorvers test ;
haha i just saw this today
aww thanks Veetz  come to Chi soon, you owe me a white pants bar crawl
I'm in Boston tonight!
Can you grab dinner?
Would love to meet your sis too!!
I'm definitely interested in a new job in the pr industry.
Can you please follow me so I can DM you?
I'm already excited.
: Can't wait to hear some new music from you guys!
Thought Spoelstra was supposed 2 take hands off the wheel  let his athletes doctorve more?
At least that was preseason narrative...
this is rachel  can't wait to see you !
do I get to meet you irl in chicago ?
Nice night at the APA Heritage Ball.
Nice to see old faces and meet new ones!
bro its been too long.
I really wanna update my facebook banner to a pic of Obama but I dont wanna isolate any of my fans with politics.
Be prepared for a cold day today!
Googling pictures of sinkholes this is what my Friday nights have become.
yea lets tweet bout geo now
Raiders would have no chance with JayCutler on the field!!
I love Tank new cd!!!
Mentioned the other day that I'm working on something new.
Hoping I can share it tomorrow.

content content content  adding quality, unique content to the conversations is essential.
its a great Tuesday.
I'm off to the dentist with daughter No.
1
Fixed it.
Thanks Internet!
will do.
We'll wait until they are all hooked up and humming!
I need another look at the hack on Stafford
I hope there will be images of Thoronian artifacts included!
game overs all round?
What you on about haha
Getting paid to watch Hop.
It's an easy day at Afterschool :
Im puting you on the block list
Awesome.
1469 State St.
I told them I knew exactly who 2 tweet.
They said they were just waiting for city...
Just punched writers block in the face and wrote a poem!!
:D
36 days and I will be living in the Philippines
very nice.
Just making sure I haven't crossed paths with you!
we'll be watching.
Stay out of the heat.
:
thankks but im not playing im manger for the boys team:
thanks for the quote for my NAGW preconf!
suck tha skin off my dick
Just added peanut and tree nut allergies to my toddlers egg and berry allergies.
So frustrating!
Fuck all them mfs right now
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
I do feel like a fatass though.
Eating hotdogschips while ppl pass my patio..
Running like good lil human beings!
Haha
aww that sucks..
Hope u feel better
you light me UP
thanks for the mention :
They spoke no more until camp was made
Industry Thursday with DJ Five tonight
Patron email quote of the day: You still give the personal touch.
runnin on 4 hours of sleep.
this should be interesting
I always get my dad books for Father's Day.
I'm lastminute shopping.
Any suggestions?
They do custom work, too!
RT Just found awesome couches and fabrics at Traders Furniture Store in
: When people walk out of your life, let them.
You might miss them, but remember that you are not the one that gave up.
I'm saying everyone that goes out this weekend wears a shirt that say creature.
Well i will atleast : see ya Saturday
Reminder.
If your spill liquid into your MacBook Pro, Turn it off and don't think you can let it doctor and turn it back on.
Bring it us!
Girl yes!
Put the red bottoms here...
yadda, yadda, yadda!
I don't know Michael, Shadoe may have made a doubter out of me.
What is jedi Gruber saying?
I got u cuz
Get cyber security insight at international conference June 67 in Philadelphia
Are the Nike KyrieNeverStops ROY Tshirts a dig at ' 4th quarter absenteeism?
Welcome to Kansas City!
sslive cubiclescommunication.
Closed officeshead down concentration.
Singing..
Aint no stoppin us now...
We're on the move!!
oldsoul !!!
Dear Twitter: The release yesterday My Head is an Animal by Of Monsters and Men from Reykjavik is something really special.
Blasting One Direction3
rock on brother!!
great info home workout and stretch for any age
Girl, OWN it.
I love her
Good news IPhone Users!!
Now that Instagram is on those horrid andoctorid Cinegram is temporarily free!!
Try it out and follow me!!
May the 4th be with you!!
Hope you enjoyed Tina Whittle's book.
Let us know when the review is out.
Thanks!
uh oh is right..
Ah fuck me I have to go to bullshit church tomorrow :/
Disruptions: Norelco on Takeoff?
Fine.
Kindle?
No.
Can't follow Wtf
You never know!
Thanks for spreading so much polar bear love!
I love waking up to throbbing pain in my mouth.
Great start to vacation.
hard decision ..
why is everyone ignoring me, i talk but you never hear me.
I text but you don't reply I wave, and it seems your blind.
what more could I do?
who Yelps?
I was invited to a Yelp party; I was dazzled by these savvy Yelpers!
see my Yelp www.helloiamjeff.yelp.com add me as a friend
Fuck it, I'm not going to be sad.
I don't have time to be sad in between being awesome.
RT : HR Block has a cool chart on how to deal with happy or upset social media customers
Reasonstolovetexas because its Texas.
Enough said.
its a groggy monday  daylight savings time and i aren't in the same timezone yet!
: Booty so round, waist so skinny..that's you:lol
Doing first Thursday today?
Swing by afterward for some great happy hour deals and dancing.
Is anybody out there!
RT Seriously, there is no phone service on this island!?
is this a quiz?
don't get crazy!!!
RT : Beers and smart people.
Awesomesauce.
DevLearn
Ack!
Still no important workrelated email!
How early is too early for a followup phone call?
It's all about the Yankees today.
it's out!
Go to my website and grab it I will link u when I get home
I'm a Southwest virgin, I totally don't understand their website.
:/
Last final of the semester is this afternoon.
Also waiting on an important phone call.
It's going to be a very long day.
Thanks for reading!
Feel free to RT ;
hahaha me too
YAAYYYY YOU FOLLOWED ME!!!:D Thank you!3
Knowledge  power
If I don't do extremely well it definitely want be becuz I haven't studied.
Jealous hearts will leave us all in ruins
Can twitter be truly twoway messaging?
I cannot established how to get 2 way communication.
lol I know you guys laugh all period .
Lets take a knee and pray tweople
FF what's not to love?
x
indeed!
: : We are the VP of P for MT committee!
Why do old men always sit next to me on the bus?
Never an attractive woman or friend from yesteryear...lol.
we support it!!!
: Tonight at 11EST on !!!
jobs almost done and i am looking forword to another camping trip this one will be to lost lake and trout fishing
Thanks, the redirect for that old URL is now in place.
LOL, good luck to you with that one.
I agree
What I don't get is if 'we refused to run' you could possibly be chasing the sun.
sorry no food trucks today.
Grab a delicious GUGS burger in Red Square.
I read the Healthy Ramen noodle recipe before bed last night  doctoramt of Ramen!
I've got to make this!
Thanks for posting.
Creeper staches, outside of March, are creepy.
Very creepy.
Awesome, thanks for the shout out!
Glad to be apart of today's travel release!
Teenagers scare the living shit out of me.
They could care less as long as someone will bleed.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all that I can?
thank you 
PHILLIP FTW!
like a fish needs a bicycle
I'm about to throw my phone out the window
RT : MYC the place to B
Barry Diller says online video will continue to supplement payTV services, but will offer more a la carte options.
you look great.
What are you doing to stay in shape?
vaumc11 Brian B bringing a good word!
Pointing out NO under 35 clergy even close to being elected to GC.
There are some still on the ballot
If you own a PR firm, how can you let a media outlet hammer your firm twice over the same issue?
love the site, thanks for sending!
hey!
This is a family show /cc
Someone fetch Blake a razor.
Stat.
that's good and me too: what's up?
Finally figured out how to connect the crack berry 2 tweet
Mine too.
haha Should I keep going?
xD
Sounds like fun to me :
wedding this afternoon!
Alarm set for 8am.
It sounds like u mad but who cares if u pissed off.
Str8 like dat mane.
I hope we continue to hold officials responsible after this case.
Keep giving them hell when justice isn't served!
And the Starbucks glowed brightly like a beacon in the dark as the city still slept.
No poet but swear it did!
NOW ready to go!
Christians should let love guide your life Col.
3:14
ya some y is tht ur next cover???
Why NOT?!?!?
Come on Eddie!
RT good luck .
My man, the Law Dog.
Will miss you in MN this time around.
Max
Did you know Julian Hard Cider is brewed in Oregon?
exactly i dont have energy..
thank u xoxo
Congrats to all the graduates today!
A degree well earned, now go forth and change the world
Katie: I'm an alien from Jupiter.
She's an arse.
And an ass.
It pains me to say so.
I swear we really are good people.
Join us at Arnetic tonight in Deep Ellum at six and stick around for our good buddies TonightTonight!
so premium is 1 more /month?
Any chance youd want to give me some sort of discount or idk for being a loyal user for so long..
I tried so hard to get more  but they wouldn't give me any so I cant turn down my other scholarship :
Walked in on Audoctory in the bathroom.
Woopsie
Someone's getting a new tshirt!
girl i got an appointment may 7th for my rib cage, it'll be my 6th one
great camera work though!
They bothered to make those?
RT I have a thing for sidearm throwers.
This coming from the guy who had a Brian Shouse shirt.
Maybe about to go back outside with cola; idk
Packing to go stay at Kaylas before i go to texas:
I often wonder why people 'accept' a job but don't 'accept' responsbility for that job things on my mind
Believe it or not Obama missed winning his district in 2008 by 2 yet the DNC and VA Dems sent nothing in 2010.
Derek, you are very welcome.
Have a great New Years as well.
Lunchtime get here already.
Nothing says I can't wait to get out of here like backing into a parking spot.
Joyful is the person who finds wisdom, the one who gains understanding.
Proverbs 3:13
puckandbecky are melting my heart tonight on glee gleeprom is a hit!!!
Nugent has a TV show?
oO WTF is up with that?
I can't wait to leave this class, so I can go eat.
Lol.
Last nite was so fun...
Vegas dnt owe me nothing lol
How you doing Suli?
I love watching your vids.
Such a positive and knowledage mind for such a young person!
God bless.
buy me a doctornk in Dallas...
then we can put at least two things on your list!
You do deserve props.
If only for your dedicated documentation.
Excited to see the unicorn soon.
if you didn't already heed my advice, I command you to turn on this game between UVA and s carolina collegeworldseries on
Getting my Spanish on!
Nice to laugh to sleep w/
Joe Jonas, YouWereCuteUntil LOL JK you were never cute.
thanks for the support
This midnight premier is gonna be sick!
Time to put in some work with
please follow she follow back !
Skinny dip on Miami beach nearly black out doctornk, check.
Sent some music out, I like it.
1st version, I know where it can go...but, as is, it takes me somewhere good ....
Leaving the hotel and heading to the airport.
Another successful brewersfantasycamp in the books!
.ext year '87 reunion, can't wait.
DJ Premier guest DJs  Toca Tuesdays tomorrow night  Sutra NYC!
Celebrating our 3 year anniversary!
Come through!
Nevermind!
Not anymore!
Dorito creator dies.
Family will add doritos to dirt covering casket.
The way you talk girl fireworks something like the fourth of july3
We are reupping all of our stock.
We need to do a huge push.
Something you have expertise in?
Rhymes...
they should have killed me as a baby 2012 by VeeJay
Sweet, where's home?
Watching Deadliest Catch with Viggle Tue  6PM  Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We hope all our wonderful friends, family, and fans have a safe and prosperous new year!
We need your support!
Please follow us on Twitter and we will return the favor!
Thx for supporting indie filmmaking
what time would IU play Sunday if it gets past UK?
Your welcome : if i help you get followers do you think you can help me?
Get free promotion to your social networks.
Never pay for promotion again!
url on my professorle.
: follow4follow?
Happy Mothers Day !
Were in sonar nasty contracts.
If we can dip out in Gooden and get some picks in return.
Sign Ersan and BJ to extensions.
10 points, I just used I reckon in a sentence.
I'm fucking ditching man !
I don't wanna deal with other ignorant bitches today !
Yes, I would've thought that as well.
Oh and I'm crazy lucky to have and in my life!
WOW sometimes when your totally not expecting it just 4 minutes ago I got a call from the most unexpected person hum wonder what's up now...
Yo whats the happs with the party details this Friday at Velvet dog?
when yall gona strt the number one girl tour ?
hiddyho neighbor, yes we were at 607!
Decompressed, unplugged  restored tonite after long workday.
1/2 Dinner alone reading Brene Brown The Gifts of Imperfection.
Voting for RNG and Mos Wanted Crew 1680628365896251478547896 times
Repeating to myself that it's not worth getting into it with a rude, asshole, bitch, jackass, motherfucker patron.
This may be inappropriate but...I want to sex someone one last time before the New Year oO HowCome ?
...
Shit
Rt if your a 2012 senior :
every time I'm on twitter I always see you guys trending something worldwide!
I arrive Monday morning and leave Wed morning.
Tuesday is Univision and Telemundo upfront.
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friend a Happy Hanukkah!
On my way back home.
Looking forward to a fun few days in WKY with some Madisonville peeps.
Hit me up if you're in town.
sorry for your loss , lovee ya3
When I'm in Canada I tell chicks that I'm friends with Corey Hart  they're like Who's Corey Hart?
I've never gotten any pussy in Canada.
Not the library way.
Just the Karla way.
:
i never thought i'd be in love like this
Happy Paczki Day!
The kitchen here at Mueller is FULL of the delicious Polish doughnuts!
Aw the hookah people left!!!
Back to work.
Good thing I've been starving the minions...all the better to attack angry citizens.
Bwahaha
Come out to the Vagabond Cafe tonight from 811!
We'll be partying it up with some live singing, and 4 doctornk specials!
No Cover!!
Did usher write that Bieber song?
thanks again for coming, Wendy!
Our Hosts Niqui Love  Moses Munoz are a perfect combination for the AxeOff USA.
We will have a long relationship guys!
Mike Ladd CEO
hahaha Damn not all of us can look like doctorzzy with a fresh cut all the time.
its not 11:11 but I still wish you'd tweet me :
Papelbon jeans, boots wit da fur.
Got some BIG THINGS happening in 2012 stay TUNE!
RT : Advice: How to be a happy mom: They are generally more forgiving and helpful, have better selfcontrol and are m......
I hate this house.
I can't wait till next season!
Who is Quinn dammit!?!
you get out of school at a random time.
2:54.
I think it's because the explainers fail to present FP constructs as a solution to a problem
Just in: Mowie Wowie and Chocolate Chunk!
For blog, create a page and select Blog from the template doctorpdown on the edit page screen ...
Well, her heroes are those hack reality stars like that Bethanny troll and Kim K.
Ilasco of Anthilogy: We're trying to be reader supported.
12 per issue; 38 for year subscription.
Only take 8 ads per mag.
I find a bit of sick pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run.
Apparently I have 12 absences in my first period and 7 in my other classes.
EXPLAIN THIS TO ME.
hey can we pretend that convo never happened and become friends?

her tummy hurts :
Wild pitch by A's Cahill sends Fukudome to third with two outs in the inning
Lunchtime!
Then I'll come back n finish my movie....TTYL
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE CHOCOLATE :D
Great baseball lesson to finish the day!
blah...I'm already on my way to work
That's awesome
: It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
wow you have a big library!
Great idea.
I have a library video, but I never thought of putting it on my website.
Great for Sept!
An explosive device  City Hall???

got alot of shit on my mind .
defensively yes, offensively they've done nothing to improve the team through FA and doctorft other than Holmes and Hill is a rookie
I post reviews:
thanks Jeffrey!
Lots of experience.
A great read is Who Says Elephants Can't Dance!
Email me and I'll send a culture wksht
I'm so fuckin angry right now.
Fuck man.
Fuuuuuuucccckkkkkk.
ooooohh yes yeah :
It's FIERCE FRIDAY Today at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio come in and receive our Fierce Friday Lash  Brow Special
YOU FUCK UP WEN U LET ANOTHER NIGGA MAKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND SMILE
wanna not.
Maybe T will even get to see you while in town, huh?
LOL
If anyone wants to bet on the Lakers for this OKC series...I will gladly take your money.
Melo is Paul Pierce 2.0.
He won't win u a championship but he can play a crucial role once Knicks have their KG  Ray Allen
jacked after seeing sourcecode again.
Fun day rollercoastering, great news re: data recovery, golf w/ grampa tomorrow.
Good times
I'd predict yes, especially if you're bold enough to identify only by look/smell.
Thanks for the mention.
Let me know if you're still looking for people to speak with  I'm glad to help out.
Such a nice line by J.M.
Barrie on
Time for some religious humor: RT How does Moses make his tea?
Hebrews it.
I thought that at least they would let them win the foot volley game but I think that Q of M cheated
not many of us who are fans of both!!
They talk shit about one person, and then they over there sucking their dick
anything good on tap?
thanks!!
i was trying to figure out the difference during the oscars but couldnt decide if there was one.
:D
RT : Don't look to become a person of success, look instead to become a person of Value.
Shrimp then sausage and cheese
Im dead , i walked past Abercrombie and there were models 
thank you so much!
We love you and Lamar.
You can move to Miami!
U miss your friends not?
:
all in 4 inch heels!
;
Bye bye Mancini?
Now I'm very tired
Tomorrow I won't be so socially inept
Ppl say its harder being solo then in a group we beg to differ, One person alone fight there own demons 3 ppl together fights 6
Hello new followers !
Aw!
Thank you.
I'm pretty excited about it.
Just have to stop over editing!
Best of luck to you.
If you need help, just reach out
lol, ok fine.
I miss you!
Are you around at all tues?
I might have some lemon lavender cake balls for you....
your the one who doesn't believe in jesus!
I was near there last night!
: guess you guys just need to come to indiana!
I'm noticing most ppl are like that.
had a great time filming a Pepsi/Doritos Commercial today!!!
seriously one of my favorite new shows the camera work is amazing and superbly produced high definition heaven
Strap on those fucking garish counterfeit white rimmed Ray Bans on your sexy silhouetted face: Its time to jump in ...
Ron Paul looks unhealthy.
then id probably faint:L
I was really excited about the Black Friday pepper spray lady until I found out that she was just tying to get more stuff for herself.
I'm going to the game!
:
are you guys playing a show with one step away this month?
watch Downton Abbey
Bourbon in the glass, ribeyes in the marinade, camera prepped for experimental fisheye star trail shots, guests on the way.
Last day of school tomorrow
I showed the UM Phil Dept's website as part of an Info Studies assignment today, they were impressed by your twitter feed :
I think Shaq looks about a pound lighter...lol Good job guys.
:D
Definitely worth it.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars.
You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
at least stephen doesnt hide it.
Bron is a fraud  : Who's receding hair line is worse?
Stephen A Smith or Lebron?
Correction shoulders and
Did I really just hear an amber alert for a Matthew Matthew Johnson?
Rediculous, why are you even reporting this?
This is tabloid, not football.
So yeah, I like to sit on strangers until they fall asleep and then have sex with them.
That way I can imagine that I'm masturbating.
I miss ur smile, ur laugh, when u called me every day to see how i am.
I miss u /3 ;
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who will not give up on me.
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
never mind I should have waited.
I get it.
Thunderstorms, perfect way to fall asleep.
hahahahaha LOVE it.
Sneak on facebook and upload :
Few things are as enlightening as a reality check on a Sunday
RT : Happy St.
Patrick's Day.
Bang someone.
If you wear a shirt for a certain jeans company, shouldn't your jeans actually be from that company?
you're on your shit then!
lol um, lots of tanning, swimming, and i think a few road trips are in my near future :D you?
Trying to cut me down to your size, I'm trying to make you see life through my eyes.
Talking about covering speakers?
I had to cover up the speaker on the game Lucky Ducks because its so damn loud
RT : DB doctoryton Florence agreed to terms w Broncos, expected to finalize it today
Doing boring homework: while listening to IM5 !
:D
Welcome back!
Awesome: Oh yeah,  I was going to say, hope you're doing okay, even though your day hasn't been the best it seems.
What on earth is skyrim?
good day spent with muh bestie :'
: ijust noticed how ugly saggy titties are tho ...
gross .
saggy better than none!
.
Inquiring minds want to know : What is your biggest challenge in growing your business?
Really!
Can U Please Talk 2 Me So I Can Get 2 Know Instead Of Me Just Knowing Ur Beautiful And Sweet Please Reply.
not until after the new year!
Also, I have 2 hounds for sale RT I got all excited when I remembered I had cereal  found we had no milk hates me
Congratulations to all of the students graduationg today!!!!!
You made it!!!!
Go Bulls!!!!
Sorry about that Correction tweeted.
Lisa, it was so great meeting you in person after all this time!
And we loved your city.
any word on whether Molia will be suspended for his crazy tirade last night?
At Tball practice with T on a gorgeous sunny day.
I forgot to bring water and hand sanitizer.
Mom fail.
yooo bring id
thug ass taylor
Ohjeez why did they make Hannah  Sammy to a duetyeah I just got around to watching this episode
He clearly tripped...
Lyin thru my teeth but thats what Im goin with RT how bout your boy Rondo and his chest bump
It may hurt but I luv it!
Last nite we could feel her little bony foot  she was pushing so hard against my belly.
of course they let u special order; YOU'RE PAULA ABDUL!!
3 u!
sometimes you remember actual events as doctorams
cause you're weird kid
you're trying to buy some?
Anyone who has purchased orders within the last week from us, your orders will be shipped this tuesday.
Aka the day I get home!
Sorry every1
That was amazing with Ichico on WHVW 950 Radio Station, now on my way to K104.7 for another show with Dj Scotty Mac!
Enjoy your manicmonday you twits.
; Shout out to those new followers!
:
nursing a raging sore throat and catching up on emails
What song you listening to at the moment?
Any dirtywork ?
That Girl np 3
hey man, you connect with over the weekend?
It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all
The 's are Devastating: 1 in 88 childoctorn in the U.S.
Join us in the fight against Autism.
What's this called?
Cake?
Nom nom nom : Hot pockets...
Lost can be fun : but I've no real direction presently.
I'm utterly living moment to moment.
Is it just me or is it ironic that Ad Cock Pecans and Peanuts is right next to an Adult superstore?
Hmm..
Don't deify Amy Winehouse like sheep helping the industry to sell her catalog.Plenty of nonsellout unselfish female artist w/talent exist4u
How Marquette players get ticketed for being at a nightclub????
I've never heard of someone in Milwaukee being ticketed for that reason
You make me nervous.
I take it my life on the weekend as I know it is over?
You must be this high to ride the ridewritten over headboard This is an unfollow test.
My dwarf character worries tiny ladies could fall
RevRunWisdom: Ppl will only try to bring u DOWN becuz ur up so HIGH they can't see u!
truestory
schoolmemories sitting at the blue crayon table and lying my way out of getting in trouble in kindergarten 
Been awhile..How are ya?
Bron is killing right now
Ink smears, as thoughts sometimes do.
Terri Guillemets
REdoctorMtoo funny!!!!!
That was a good movie!!
I was thinking the same thing....
Also only paper that didn't endorse Fenty , on Current newspapers for endorsement weirdness
That's great to hear Janelle!
: Going 2 my workout now with .
It is my sanity hour  I am loving it more
aw.
:
welcome mister Strider, MSN, MBA, Ed, RN as our new Dean of Nursing
BTW thanks for being one of my favorite Wildcats of all time!
highly disappointing
45 123111901182 because I call you like this!
haha :D
Attending the unitedway Public Policy briefing.
thanks for the retweet!
Your project sounds really cool  heard about it first via
Notable Birthdays: Robert Fripp, Richard Page, Pierce Bronson, Debra Winger, Boyd Tinsley, Krist Novoselic.
you'll have to let me know if this works  sounds like a perfect plan!
My pleasure!
sadfact I care more about clothing than I should
Getting an early start this morning.
We'll see what the day brings.
That's right, screw Florida.
Time is running out!
Reminder, first 100 people to register for a beta Simplee account are in!
Code: TRYSIMPLEE
going to florida with isabel on the 24th!
cant wait!
Sippin on Ice House  I'm High as Fuck
yeah i stay up late toi
idk i might!
haha i'm thinking about doing thaattt!
nice photos from OCC concert I posted some to my FB page;great to connect w you in the virtual world.Tell Jacob I said hi
what is the HP Umpire saying for his strike call?
can't wait!
but will have to watch on DVR tomorrow.
Fringe: The NEW Saturday morning TV
Mini cucumbers.
haha k.
thought i was missing something good.
did you know when you put your first and last name togethor it spells Donut?!
Ha :
well, nonetheless, it looks like that instructional technology IG is good to go, thanks for your signature :
I think if we attended either one it would be a blast.
Right?
Great job Soho House New York on a great restaurant design redo.
Style and comfort hit all the marks.
Huh, weird.
Because I liked the Evil Dead, Fargo and A Clockwork Orange, Netflix recommends the Kids in the Hall.
Chicken Lady Venn diagram?
Rep Velazquez proposes amendment to HR 1070 to expand RegulationA to SBICs  agrees with SEC's objection
Lovin' all the RT's!!!
Always remember to
Car accident happened at just the wrong time.
Such a damper on holiday shopping budget!
It's a lovely day here in Indy, but the change in temperature has caused me to have major allergy problems.
No, but I will check it out!
If you mess up a bowl of cereal, yo'ass can't cook!
However you wanna phrase it.
Gretzky and Lemieux don't play any more, so it's not really worth bringing them up.
That was a terrible joke...but I just won a WToD
What we do today, right now, Will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
HAS HE BROUGHT OUT THE PIZZA GUITAR?!?!?!
Time to get up and start my day!
Have a great day its friday whoo!!!
haven't seen you on spreecast in a while...got anything planned?
If I dnt speak to you tomorrow you know wht it is !
not that I'd be surprised if that was truly the storyline ;
hooray for getting over a cold!
I just over one a few days ago .
just be sure to eat something so your tummy doesn't get m ...
Photoshoot, church,  now family dinner
Keynote Speaker George Dyson: Remembering Alan Turing, John von Neumann at
Let's just get to 8 and 8.
Can I switch from my 4g tbolt to a 3g phone  keep my 4g data and plan the same so I can switch back?
A couple of new senior alerts for current identifytheft scams...
callers are now calling seniors to let them know they've been selected
Macaroons are for gurls only!
There is no masculine way to eat a macaroon.
;D
It feels like a
seems like you get vacation every other week!
who jah bless NO MAN CURSE!
im a hard hard worker and i'm savin' all my pay if I ever get some money for the wait i'm going to take it all out and celebrate
You will be missed!
HAHA yeah, that's obnoxious.
What is wrong with people?
professorssionals who keep track of all their stuff!!!
So are you sure you have three weeks to get all that stuff done?
You have got
A very Happy Birthday to you  hope you have a beautiful day with your amazing family!
Enjoy!!
The Pikes Peak or Rodeo Website is open for busine...
Hahah omg I love that movie, that's the movie I saw when Austin was sitting right behind me3
I've been rationing it carefully, but tonight I enjoyed the last of the ice wine from Toronto.
Decorating the tree was the perfect occasion.
Kids were a lil slow this a.m I popped n G1C cranked up  bumped r way 2 school great 2c kids dancin n the door!
Thanks for the follow Allie!
how did u guys do good i hope
got a sign on ma vajayjay that says big dicks only lmfao
JayZSyncShow whatmorecanisay is what he should open up with
Congrats for your IPO today
Allergy treatments continued  Neti pots, saline eye washes, hypoallergenic soap and detergent
Follow Cuz Its Almost Her Birthday...She Wants You To Follow Her For Her Birthday:
Somebody.made a comment abt me tht really made me smile and feel proud today
Specializing in DJ/VJ/KJ/MC, live bands/ensembles, live sound, music production and recording.
When your dad makes you run your little brothers around all freaking week...if youre gonna treat me like a taxi doctorver, pay me like one too.
I can't wait to fuxk
I know what grade im in i just dk if I told yuh
I need a doctorss to wear to a wedding in two weeks.
3:00 ceremony, 5:00 reception in Annapolis.
it would be so easy.
That is how I see them everyday of my life.
Steve Blake played good defense there, too.
o we're ready!
It'll be a great game!
is the singer who sing  rolling in the deep?
I love this song!
I hope everyone is having a great morning and is going to get in some killer workouts today!!!
it looks like a penis omg
For juggling?
:D cc:
We saw the Jaws ride news on Facebook.
It was posted by the official Jaws page.
: I'm old been doing it for like 20 years.
It's my special talent.
This is my other identity please jump in and follow.
It's for THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
So basically my professorssor lost my midterm and now is trying to say that I didn't take it...super pissed right now
TGIF up at Tailgator's for a cold one.
Thank you!
I love hearing that.
:
Organize your tool box with this home tip: place a magnet with your small screws in a toolbox to help keep them together.
ObamaForgot No matter what he do or say CONGRESS run !
Big stuff going on!!
Looks like we found a NEW place in San Antonio next to the airport.
Stay tune for more details.....
8775275737
you're a goofy goober yeah!!
hell yea ..
Got another little shorty today ctfu
UD will be closed Monday for the Memorial Day holiday.
Enjoy!
Can hardly control my excitement for TheHungerGames tonight with first a little Hip Hop Bingo with
Becoming TOTALLY OBSESSED with steampunk.
Seriously, I think I might just die of inspiration over this.
Hello?
Stock markets are just giant betting pools; the steep declines mean that gamblerssorry, investorsare betting on the other team.
Tell me...
Who is your favorite rock band of the 70's ?
Unreal.
I tried to find the Chris Walken intro from SNL but I couldn't So I'll just say it....Ladies and Gentlemen The Foo Fightas
follow me Keno
all my followers should add or subscribe to me on facebook Devin Matthew Holbert i will accept anyones friend request....
My Helicopter is Awesome
this is so sad girl, are u kiddin?
We are not going to be privy to this information I take it?
I really need to run but to lazy how is it I can take the dog for 2 walks but am to lazy to run
It's never too late!
Ha.
Yup.
You called it!
Let my meat cook good and well.
Dude ordering a sandwich, in public!
New passport arrived yesterday.
Operation Dominican Republic is a go.
true story!
smart people  a great party deals getting done
It has to be stadium sauce!
and now it IS Friday!
Trek up to B'more and the beer is on us.
RT : If I'm reading this right,if you take every 17th letter of Gillis' statement so far, it spells We're getting Weber
I Know It Aint Ya First But Its Better Than Ya Last
As social media, or whatever you want to label it, becomes more prevalent, there will be blunders
That awkward Moment when you call your teacher Mom...
hot damn haha.
I usually finish last in bowl pics
Screw Folgers, the best part of waking up is knowing I survived last night's doctornking.
tonight
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
Any landscape is composed not only of what lies before our eyes but what lies within our heads.
D.W.
Meinig
Poor haha is taking over NYC!!!!
Hey :D
Happy B'day!!
I'm rocking out with my 4 yr old boy to my Pink vinyl of Beauty and the Beat in honor of your day!
That was a less than impressive power play for the Pens.
Trying to feed Malkin too much.
what they say?
sadly, it seems like that always works.
Roses are red.
Nuts are round.
skirts go up.
Panties go down.
Belly to belly.
Skin to skin.
When it's stiff, stick it in.
First day of work in 2012  no heat and sporadic internet.
Not a great way to start the year.
Today is another day!
Hopefully better!
awesome, this bldg.
is great!
And what cool neighborsnice!
How to work this

lets see who bites my new trend settin as 4 2k12
I'm thinking broken nose just so I'm in the er all night
Follow  if you want some production get it while it's cheap
Yeah baby!
leaving my house now boys
I hate school.
it wouldn't go thru there other email I could use?
I love when people just assume things without knowing the whole story tho :/
i always do!
, plus i am in studyhall
Everybody loves Raymond
Con't  Transformers 3 and that Spielberg movie Super 8.
I am betting on the ladder.
Spielberg has never disappointed!
The Sad Facts of Life
as much as I wanted school to start...
I miss my jazz!!!!!!!!!
Nice am waiting and will send more questions later
My Grandmom is back I kinda missed her lol
I'm trying to place my order, but it keeps telling me me zip code its wrong!
I want my YR!!!
TIMEOUT EARL TIMEOUT
Had so much fun last night at the event Zootini Perfect ladies night with friends!
the chance you will actaully read this and respond back are slim to none, but the chances that you will seem better anyways!
health care practitioners: I would like to come and give a detox talk to your patients!
Please contact me
I love the idea as well.
Only thought is it should be a double header next year with 2 service academies opening.
Going to a thing where I have to doctorss nice.
This kitty is gonna be a doctorss.
Such a rarity.
Picture soon
that just sounds awesome haha
ha ha!
No its not!
dedicate yourself!
easy with that JUCO stuff bro lol
Up early worried about my grandma.
oh that car is so cute;
a nigga almost there
I loved so I hope he doesn't stop singing!
3
Crazy day, right ?
Holy shit the Prometheus trailer looks amazing.
I have to not get too excited.
I always get disappointed.
Walking after you eat...
Not a good idea
He Do Not Listen At All Smh
Setting up the Causality booth at The Washington State Nonprofessort Conference...with coffee in hand.
Remember that little film called Avatar?
Disney buys up the rights to create Themed attractions in their parks.
RIPWhitneyHouston You're good enough You'll be loved  treasured forever
Take some time to learn about all the Alper JCC has to offerthere's a program here for everyone!
For simplicity on this side of complexity, I would not give a fig.
For the simplicity on the other side of complexity, I would give my life.
you looked great last night!
Allergies r killen me right now!.
Awesome, Maniac Cop is one of my favorites as well!
Happy Puppy Bowl Sunday to all Americans and your pets!
Nothing says get the fuck out quite like when someone starts vacuuming the entire floor except the small space where you're standing.
I haven't stopped smiling since this morning.
The new weekday is coming.
May the coming New Day bring you joy, love and peace.
backtoschool deals are available in
/ adaywelllived is all about being present, good or bad.
I was present.
The Artist is this year's Shakespeare in Love.
In 23 years, we'll all be saying 'What were we thinking?'
When are we going channel cat fishing on the Wisconsin?
i'm still baffled that fox is allowed to put their lies on display as fact.
HOW IS THAT RESPONSIBLE??
going to get my hair and nails done.
It's good to be a girl
Lol fuck this.
I can't ever sleep in this fucking room.
Who doesn't get tired?
Nobody does.
Everybody gets tired at one point but should we stop?
We shouldn't, unless it's not worth fighting for.
Pay attention people, THAT is how you do a halftime show.
what got u so wide awake
Aww, shucks!
We wish you could have made it, too.
How was WestSideStory?
CPC 14000 at dinner break  I cantgetnochippieaction
People kill me with these tweets they call random.
Isn't Twitter about speaking your mind to whoever us listening?
Received a Facebook friend request from a doctorg queen named Pickles Flambe.
I love my life.
Looks around, Missing 

following back
Any suggestions for dealing with a strained, maybe torn, calf muscle?
UTSA fouls on the in bounds, McNeese at the ft line...
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundoctord years, and begat sons and daughters:
stick in the brown ale
2 Pac Life Goes On
Save the Date!
April 19th on NBC's watch an inspiring story featuring our patients attending a prom for kids with cancer.
my boyfriend lives in Texas.
Hupy  Abraham's Watch for Motorcycles message began airing 3/12.
Watch for contests to win prizes while spreading the awareness message.
bought a load of vitamins today, omega 3 and glucosamine, im good for a few months.
Rush Limbaugh does not understand international finance.
I miss how we used to be.
I just want to talk to you so bad, but I'm scared to tell you how I feel.
I don't care what your race is, sexual orientation, wealth, status, age, skinny or fat.
If you want to be my friend..
I'll be your friend.
make those people pay extra for the service charge!!
: Oh.
And my Patriots won yesterday!
teampatriots go patriots!!
This MySQL lecture might kill me.
Or should I say SELECT  FROM death.
you will be in Chicago this Friday so Excited love you mama
agree, esp.
bc when FLA played OSU nobody gave MICH the chance for rematch, they lost to 1 and Gators lost by 10 to Auburn
was walking his dog in Boston  I overheard this other guy saying how happy he was that the game got canceled.
NESN ratings:
Leaving Chicago with a head full of ideas.
Thanks
Trivia time folks!
In which state is a state highway named after me?
What town is his birthplace museum located?
Visited grandma today.
Found picture of grandpa with his best friend circa 1935.
Make sure you read the photo comments...
studying logic at the blind pig w/ a duchess and an amazing pianist waxing jazzmatic.
good subject, good beer, good jazz
Right now weather maps are showing a high of 87 on mothers day for the PDX area!!!
Two and half men is so damn funny!
i just watched you sing think of me on seths chatterbox and i have goosebumps!!
Your like the best singer ive ever heard 3
Fk you I'm going to sleep
out of curiosity, are you wanting to be a published author someday?
x
i talk to you later cause my mom said i cant be on now!:p bye!:
Wow so many followers in such a short time
It's not WHAT you said, but the WAY you said it.
RT Preciate ya support pimp!
: Listening to on
Gonna try this gym thing...I hear they help you stay in shape
what's your blog again?
my friend is getting into gardening and she needs some resources.
Thanks for posting this.
I saw it a long time ago.
Great shot.
same here usually.
experience tells me that you are just gunna get in trouble much after that.
Ilgauskas probably shouldn't even be the rotation.
I'm not sure his health or spot is to important at this point.
ThisYear i will try not to have any fights
This.RT : It seems the older you get, the unhappier you get.
ok great!
I want to have everything in order.
:
DON'T FOCUS ON THEM JUSTIN YOU HAVE PLENTY OF FANS WHO LOVE YOU DONT FOCUS ON THE ONES WHO DON'T.
theresnothingilovemorethan watching movies :
I'm turning into a groupie...
lol no homo tho I just love HipHop
You know me den yu know i work hard on my off days
yeah, shaken up but ok.
Thx
Yay!
Didn't have to go to school today!
I had a GREAT time just relaxing.
I want more days like this to be away from school and everybody!:
I'm taking egg doctorp soup for my lunch tomorrow.
The Savini Effect strikes again!
The band performs at 10:30 before the Friday showing of THE BEYOND!
Missing you too Talia!
Sorry that I'm not on a lot anymore : xo
Watching some cheesy vids in preservation for my Preservation course!
Still time!
Or come next week with me and
that song and acoustic ep is the only songs i listen to for now: oh and i should've kissed u
Come get our Lasagna for dinner tonight!
It's made with ricotta soprafino, mozzarella, provolone,  our homemade smashed sauce!
we do.
Why she be tryin to put me on blast BLOCK?
Hungry as fawk!
Any suggestions?
Chen Guangcheng looks like a Bond villian.
I'll take my 4th of July fireworks in homerun celebrations, thanks.
I gotta get to the paper.
Even in the dark ima shine so bright!!!
You know it going down
Another great day at the shop!
Gotta love Fridays
Wondering how is doing.
Liam's accent 
Everyone Follow The lady is totally on fire and seems to be wey groovy!
Well...not really enjoying but, I don't fucking know.
Using it while I can?
propose it, fund it, code it, test it, document it  Go Koha!
Looking forward to a year from now when we will be tweeting about non stop before opener.
that's awesome.
Looking forward to meeting you.
Those are the BEST books :
Don't listen to the people saying your songs suck on Femme Fatale, if anything they're the best.
:
i want to meet my twin flame.
thats going to be amazing
It's sitting on my bookshelf, bought it a few months ago.
This is getting weird...
Knicks cannot and will not win a game.
The NBA Refs will not allow it, it seems
I wonder how many people this goes to.
got you locked in...
When the weather is like this, all I want to do is listen to Pole and knit.
Thanks for the FF nods!
thank you
Goodbye El Paso!
Until next time...
You only encounter resistance if you're going towards something
And thanks for the feedback, missy.
How's the term wrapping up for you?
Just started reading a horribly written book.
Must read some Dickens or Wallace Stevens to make up for it.
That kid on the cover of Time is way too old to be doing that...
or way too young.
I almost entered into a heated exchange just now and I too forgot to eat.
Also like last February.
Sitting at your desk all day?
Take this moment to stand up, stretch and walk around.
stinky ;p
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND!
What type of work?
new job, I'm looking for an iOS senior developer in 408 hot startup in series A funding
Walmart has a dunking booth!:D Allissa's gunna dunk me.
OneAndOnly3
Love does not pass.
It's better to have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
Just saw the coolest diagram: Public floating school, Baltimore.
Yes, it's a school on a boat.
no it's an example of a logo
Elementary my dear Watson  C.J.
Watson
: CIAWOF The Greek terms for greens is horta, which can refer to leafy greens as well as herbs.good to know
28 IM MISS YOU
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
RT : sorry, when was the.
cut off date for making history?
I have not tweeted today.
Ok.
Finally starting feel better after wkend in the hospital/surgery best nurse ever  gets man of the year award 4 this one ;
Miller is really at the forefront of getting doctornker faster innovation.
Working is such a doctorg.
Why can't I be like the other Persian princesses in Beverly Hills that have money and like a rich daddy?
I'm fascinated by most rednecks, actually.
We just received our very first order from Ireland!!
Great start for the week!!
RT
He got caught riding almost 30!
Yo, if Whitlock is on I'm watching
I KNEW the last crawl was missing something.
A theme song.
Obviously.
Time to play your favorite record/CD/casette/8 Track!
CRANK IT UP!
.
is my comic book store guy, but for music and YA fic.
the text I just got HAHAHAHAHA never in a million years!
Someone talk to me please?
My buddy left.
:
Think like a man was to funny..
watched it and spent the wholleee day with.
..
wonderful day it was
omg that's hard!!!!
It like saying Louis or Liam lol
Chelsea win 3 games in a row in 3 different competitions under new manager RDM.
We are back in business.
:D
hm experiments?
I can promote this for you to over 10k followers 4 tweets a day for 7 days for only 25 Let me know!
I can start today.
I.
Hate.
Huskies.
Go Green.
They get so much  from the big businesses  owe them not us.
They have forgotten they are there to work for us.
SAD
Thanks Jennie  I'll reach out!
5 more LIKES until we give away a free pair of denim!!
Ditto!
Table for 35 for lunch ?
:
who does it remind you of?
;
where the eff are you!!!!
nobodyshome :
Marriage and Family Therapists Convention on March 4th and 5th  come by and say hi.
3rd WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 9...EAGLES/COWBOYS TAKETHEOVER...BATTLE OF THE GUNSLINGERS...BOTH TEAMS QUICK TO ABORT RUN GAME
thanks.
unfortunately im severely restricted by the premade themes so can't control the black banner :
yes, see you tomorrow!
professor wnt bks they own digitized but don't want to use thr copy: makes sense if they're teaching a course w/that bk rght now
so you have doctorams of him singing to you LOL
RT : I'm LIVE!!!
on www.hooahradio.com  bridging the gap between our deployed Heroes and their families back hom...
The countdown is on: 1 month 20 days till the Brantley Gilbert concert in Lexington, KY super excited about that :D
bring it!
Hey John, guess who's on here, your 2nd cousin Bri...
Have a great night!
still need to see Cabin
Teen Wolf Season 2 June 3rd...
LETS GO!!
My Christmas present to myself this year?
Why, on Broadway, of course!
Constant Frustration, stimmin from a no end situation, Rushin Lustin fornication, adding to the complication,
Can't you just use a remote proxy?
Yup.
It's hard to watch after Bulls game.
: ill see how late I stay up for this hawks game
tell him I said wassup cause I knw you prolly on the phone wit him ryte now,
I shall c what I can do :
Didja try ?
Delicious!
Any Underwriters out there in the mortgage industry!
Long term contract position.
Dallas TX send resume to
Thanks for the mention!
Nice tone to your post as well.
thanks sweet girl!!!
:
That still counts!
A recent police study found that youre much more likely to get shot by a fat cop if you run.Dennis Miller
Watching Air Force One w/ rogue Secret Service agent.
Not the best timing, but it gives u pause that Secret Service could be corrupt!
Great article, Peter!
Thank you!
im workin on it!
eek im soo excited.
hahah
yeah they are!
Whew!
That was a busy holiday season.
Happy new year to everyone!
We are back from vacation!
p.s.
The
RT : My penis is friendly WOW!
That's awesome.
Best.
tweet.
ever.
I wish every week was nationals on
Stoner Couture is looking for distributors.
Come join our team and help market our brand.
Contact me at for info
Dogfish Head Beer Dinner 1 week away!
damn.
It's a thanksgiving day potter marathon!
Will there ever be an end to music?
Wow another great interview w/ UltraViolet  her experiences with AndyWarhol  SalvadorDali.
Cant wait to share this story w/ everyone!
you know what?
BOTH of their touchdowns came almost directly after awful calls by the ref.
Unreal.
Nowadays the greatdepression would be referred to as The Epic Depression.
IT'S 2k11 BABY!!!!
Then we discovered we had a blender, rum, and a variety of fruit juices...our first overcast, rainy day..
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts.
She earned it!
But will share: DM email
Just saw Wayne Newton's private jet...
In his backyard WTF!
I wish Caddyshack never happened.
There, I said it.
yeah when I hung out with chris In his bus.
He showed me his jar of weed.
But that doesn't really harm you, does it?
The cure for America's corruption begins with four simple words, Jesus, be my Savior.
My timing was pretty deliberate to ensure uninterrupted health insurance.
:
Just stop.
Back to work i go!
Excited to check out the Helmut Newton Exhibition in Paris on Friday.
I know he's one ofyour inspirations.
Coming home?
Pinky promise?
Got my moms gift !
:
This time around I'm not going to allow you to piss me off I'll just get even !!
Omg I feel like listening to maroon 5
That's right girl...
flip that neg energy:!
Merry Christmas mamaz:!
You Just Did It Again, Smh .
Good question.
Actually, trans refers to the active form.
Resveratrol is typically part trans and part sys.
Sunday!
Come see and more at The Pike Room!
10 tickets!
and there are so many of them this time of year!
Alright Q2 up next  off to an awesome start!
I wish you'd be there for me like u promised...
I got my phone back!!
what I toll you is truer
is my sweetheart3
We can't wait to see you and at the event.
What do y'all think of us bringing in Tim Tebow.
All he does is win!
Oops.
I didn't make it public.
Try now.
Sad week, we lost DickClark, JonathanFrid  LevonHelm.
RIP dear gentlemen.
how was your Christmas eve?
I have no clue I gotta talk to my gma about it but ill let you know!
Berger's are so delicious!
And come in lemon sometimes now too!

Yes!
Soon!
John Paul JP Jones the Propmaster
Has anyone out there ever tried Joli OS?
What did you think?
I need 2 doctorers to my one washer!
Next house/condo must have 2 doctorers, or washer/doctorer in master bedoctorom closet/bathroom and another.
Check your account Dave and change password.
Got a suspicious DM from you buddy!
We did hand things in English class, for my favorite person I put :
Thanks, Celtic Rose!
What did I miss from the forum?
doctorpal 7.x is almost out.
;
Bailed on the grocery store.
So I can either eat something real weird, or order Chinese...
Absolutely!
Isn't that one reason we got cell phones?
Well, maybe not but it was a unintended benefit!
would u eat a dwarf's pussi
It was an email for the new Taruskin/Gibbs textbook: Vintage TShirts Are Cool.
Vintage Textbooks Aren't.
Speaking on panel on journalists and fair use at World's Fair Use Day on behalf of
Where the heck could Adam Levine find a payphone?
Nets now turn their attention to acquiring Eddy Curry
I now realize that in life need to show UP like I've got back UP!
Ps 23.4 AGV
quote of day from conference; Benjamin Mays; Nineteen centuries ago, an eternal light did come out of the East..
That weird moment when you get out of the shower and there's someone in your room .
.
GREAT attitude.
I think it invites more opportunities.
: I hope something wonderful happens for you!
Rock on girl!!
Upgraded features, Upgraded chatting, we are working for you to make dating easier 1 free jewish dating website
where have you been all my life?
can we plan a dinner date sometime soon??
Aww yay!
It was a great conversation, our table got very lively!!
Someone needs to talk me out of wanting red hair again.
Black to red is not an easy process.
Spending Saturday finishing your guys next song Tongo!
Just for you all:
Sneaking out cause I deserve that shit!!!!!!!!!
OnceYou should be a tweet for OnceUponATime but sadly its not until now!
NP.
We love free web resources!
dont worry your still maa baby love !
Les, I am a persistant entrepreneur and I have a GREAT idea!
I need help with funding or a partnership, what do I do?
In progress: strawberry vanilla bean jam  strawberry balsamic jam.
Yes, today is Friday actually!
sold out.
I'm going to
EVERYONE like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown !
looking for The Colonial Estate 2004 Exile Shiraz for my collection...anyone looking to sell some?
Great to be with all of you.
I love the SPARKS of energy that ignite from each person.
BOW BOW BOW BOW
:
Guess whose doctornk?!
This boy right here ;
If you see me, it's definitely ironic.
Yeah...ironic.
I'm so screwed.
Hm is this what you really want;
Just had a great planning meeting with Art Milwaukee for an international art walk along National Avenue this fall!
This Bucks team is going to be good as soon as they have less than 10 players who don't suck.
I look forward to it!
Are you getting early to the venue that day?
1 shoutout?
Okay...
that's cool to....
So many great resource and ideas for adapting to college life shared here tonight!
Thank you!
man im waitin for this 10,000th tweet !!!
lol i refuse to miss it !!
What's your favorite song at the moment and why?
Closely linked to obesity, type 2 diabetes was almost unheard of in childoctorn just a few decades ago.
Learn somethin new eryday I tell u
I know cough cough cough
I can also feel a Wranglers Championship coming
Just picked tire and rims for the Challenge.
Just 43 days 12 hrs to go!
happy birthday, Smooth!
our webhail is better.
justsaying: RT : and here I was trying to webhail a flash cab!
Good afternoon.
Awesome so far!
Wild Onion Brewery and Peter Janusas to bring their wild brew to Beer Hoptacular.
I like the young kids and the excitement.
Rivalries will be formed.
that'll work bc my uniform is white...
aww :' RT Good luck with those exams to all the students!
Study hard so u can party harder!
somebody email me some beats
All I can smell is GiGis cupcakes and I've stuffed my face full of shrimp cocktails thanks to Sullivan's.
ha.
Someone once asked me if I had to read every book in the library.
I said, yes, of course.
Yes, I should clarify.
It was  Filling Station off Gillham
I just wish you would be nice to me
Sometimes I wonder why im still in Kc,i ain't got NOBODY in my corner....i might as well pack my bags d leave FOREVER
Anybody else out there having issues opening links on twitter?
Can't see instagram or links to news.
:
im good thank for asking  its been a minute .....
how u been ?
i LOVE apples.
but im SO picky when i eat them.
they have to be red.
and COLD.
and hard.
none of those mushy apples.
thats gross.
as hell.
Collard greens and cornbread, yeah!
Boy, you're betta than my mama's collards and cornbread!!
Alison Krauss is sounding good lately!
Without music, life would be a mistake.
yogie bear wants his berries back
your reaction to me stealing your backpack today was priceless.
both, Twitter fiends often become friends...
Just Got In 4rm Dis Church Picnic.
Id Waz Decent!.
Im Tired Doe.
2 Busy Steppin 2 Some Music.
Im Smootha Den Some Of Deez Adults Doe Lol
No matter what you go through that right person makes you forget all about it..
Brah I think I'm in love wit Rihanna
I AM THANKFUL I HAVE HAIR PERIOD!!
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off!
U r paid liarsmaipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
RT : RIP Carlos Fuentes, one of the true greats of world literature
Point, story, action or psa needed for good story.
Ties in with learning principles.
Be clear about change idea
Happy Friday!
I just didn't think you would be just like your neighbor, you kno how sad that is?
Wanna be your victim!.
that doesn't make sense
Your biggest decision in life is the biggest decision you can make!!!!
That was disturbing what I just saw
they rearranged the furniture in the house.
do you play MW3?!
Why do people like to debate with me?
Just agree to disagree and sthu
i'm already in a bad mood shutup
If you purchase a 100 dollar gift card from bebe, you receive a 15 dollar bonus card!
FindersKeepersFriday so awesome!
I love meeting new people especially tourists :
Some kid named Paco invaded my twitter
Exactly...let's get back to everyone understanding that I'm a genius and always have the team's interest in mind.
done and done.
Thanks friends!
Cannot wait to see the new Lakeview space and have some brunch!
on Chiller RIGHT NOW!
Check it out!
Thanks, Machiko!
For some reason I think I knew that.
Maybe it was in your WaPo bio or something.
just here so far  We all needed a turn on Gustav ;
Make sure your phone number is listed on your website...Email is convenient but the phone still reigns supreme
Thanks, y'all.
There is a bartells, and it's on my path to lunch!
thanks for the support!
we are fans of your work as well.
RT : Back in Chicago, first stop
Pitchers and catchers report to spring training in 5 weeks!
I'm sure it is!
The speaker saying how it only matters to those involved in the beginning not to buyers later
Giving a shout out to some great people and great friends.
are touring constantly and working hard.
Playing in a city nearyou
oh okay i see the connection there
saw her in dallas last sat...my guess is she is an animal
fuck you and Larry's garage ese
all the wwe superstars i wanted to win at ExtremeRules won what are the odds of that happening lol ExtremeRules Rocked
Im Being Dead Serious If i Had A Chose Between Yoy Or Justin Id Rather Pick You3
no sweat myke, thank you!
Thanks for the shout out!
This is one of the reasons why we libraries continue to do what we do.
I enjoyed your article this morning !
It will take GreatParents like you plan on being to demand the
now thats a bad ass tattoo .
million trillion thumbs up .
Money talk bullshit walk!
Me either!
RT : I don't like the character Tank played in Preacher's Kid.
now following..
have a good number of friends and clients in Des Moines..
forwarded the info..
glad to connect
haha it's freezing rain over there?
we purchased ours from FSR here in Cville.
Both men's and women's styles, good prices, wonderful service.
It's almost 9 pm...Chewie not looking ready to sleep...getting worried...
In the meantime, can we get some more followers!?
FollowWednesday?
Aw your so sweet!
Thank you.
:
Cheer up.
You're the only one here with a job.
RT Been here since 6:30am.
Workers pulling up carpets now.
The day has sucked!
About half of the likes on that tacky flag doctorss are serious.
Which is even better
So much football confusion!
Lol!
Big blow for teeeblow lol !
Omen much??
RT : BREAKING: French officials say new President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning, no one hurt.
EF
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Edward Eggleston
she said we are all too connected...
she said your response time was quicker than McDonalds.
I'm sorry for constantly talking about dance...
It's just kinda my life
You got to act like a woman and think like a man!
you know...
We do have similar hair styles ...
;
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
Chauncey Depew
RT : if you need any graphic design work...flyers, logos....etc contact !
One of the best companies!
I've watched all of your videos
Year 3 of the ESBC is now over and now planning has started for ESBC VI 2013
I'm jealous.
Happy 4th of July!
hoping I feel less crappy tomorrow for the Renaissance Fair
STOP FIGHTING PLEASE
I have read that the numbers are increasing exponentially.
But where are the twittering lawyers in Balt.
DC area?
I can tell when people don't fuck with me, but oh well I'll be gone in less then a year anyway.
That moment when 4 guys buy 3 pizzas.
Faculty  5: The Great American Songbook Jan 25 5pm.
Free.
Jonsson Performance Hall.
Join us for a free, informal presentation series...
hunger games
1/2 way through our Summer doctoramers music camp,  excited for upcoming shows: Alpine Lake, WV/Bethlehem PA/Brooklyn NY/Cleveland OH!
We are now accepting youth submissions for the film festival!!
Submissions are free for middle and high school students!
RT : The Knicks' tonight had four scorers with 20 or more points in the same game.
I haven't seen that in a while.
right message  right time  like music to our ears
Double OT, great game.
: RT Operation, try studying forensic pathology or mortuary science.
you don't belong in the house anymore.
Lamar was being a cry baby so we traded him to get under the tax.
It's a business.
D12 time.
dont tell me what to do.
misssin my baby eric so much 3
Food Truck Friday is on!!!!!!!
ComeGetYourSpuds !!!!
We are here til 9pm with a ton of other trucks..
why would I lie about this..?
Pumped for my boy Kid is heating up!
Must of had next summers Vegas trip in his head
Lil Boosie not guilty lock his ugly ass back in that cave sounding like a cartoon character when rapping lol
That's what I did for the last IUE.
lol
i'm glad i didn't ...
whateva
That last RT made me LOL, for real.
hey!
good evening, haha.
sorry I didn't see this all day : how are you doing, jane?
Didn't know that existed
This 72 change in weather is much nicer than tropical hotnsticky.
Is this the latest idea for government pension financing reform?
Thanks.
How about a follow?
All my police mug shots are exceptional.
please tell me about it?
Ooohhh...
Leo would so LOVE that.
He's a good writer!
Plus everything he writes he wants to give away instantly...
haha tread carefully
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
whoa man so much this morning.
since when do I think I have the money?
I am so redeyed and sleepy!
I couldn't sleep all night.
I learn at Pubcon, go back to the hotel, and apply.
5 hours until our deadline!
Gah!!!
haha clicked on to see what tinychat was.
I heard you talking on his computer..
Im like..
what??
lol.
He was the guest
Beautiful day in ABQ Ready for March Madness to begin for the
haha Listening to music and obsessing over Romeo And Juliet
Thank you, those are great words of wisdom, the only thing left to say I guess is......Bite Me, and Mind your Own Damn Business hahaha!!
hope you didn't have them going really far.
Very young team.
Gonna be dangerous in the next couple yrs
YouKnowShesTheOne When you can't see yourself with anybody but her,
its a shame how these niggaz be acting smh!
Girl lemme see your body move
Hahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Hold on I'm trying to think of something to make up about you.
That's what Pucillo said, so it's true.
thank you for following!
Have a great weekend!
Lust of love  life with you.
Thinking is going to get the car fixed but instead he's getting a tattoo..???
who's down for Phil's after?
pussy OnDemand
When we compare ourselves to others, we compare our weaknesses against others strengths.We are all uniqueChoose to live without comparison.
Hey thanks!
Hope you end up trying it out regardless.
:
PickUpLine: If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
Faded in my house lmao
haha that's just post game bitterness talking.
You know I don't mean it!

But also remember to not let your good have the appearance of evil, its a twoway street.
I just found out that everyone where I works gets free popcorn all day!
Seriously what took me so long to come here?
looking forward to showing BCAC and the impact we have to keep kids safe today
pats your vagina :O what's that bump?!?
Pandora  Slacker
Eatin rite now
I love this man RT : The weather in L.A.
this week has been as consistent as the third season of LOST.
This is my second time too!
I was lazy for a gew years : It's a great program to get running again.
The best of all worlds
Court must consider basis of opinion even if RR  2.0.
Jones v.
OwensCorning Fiberglass Corp.
288 N.J.Super.
258
So, which signed KR from today starts?
Asa Jackson or Jacoby Jones?
Richard Pryor just asked me what I want for my birthday I told him Bicentennial Nigger  Supper Nigger on LP.....
Very sad to hear about Adam Yauch's passing.
First celebs passing I am actually sad about.
RT : Dont go through life, grow through life.

Readiness of speech is often inability to hold the tongue.
Jean Baptiste Rousseau
Modern jobseekerstake chunky resume summary  pare it down to 2 lines  tight presentation
If you did not look after today's business then you might as well forget about tomorrow.
Isaac Mophatlane
Love your blog!
1 piece of the EdTech greatness puzzle is thoughtful implementation.
w/o clear goals, those devices mean nothing
your favorite word may be ecoplasm or whatever but OCTAPLOID is a much better word.
OCTAPLOID hahahahaha
I wish you were mine and only mine.
Not sold on Dooling, but it's only 1 game
Today's dictionary, word of the day is gungho: wholeheartedly enthusiastic and loyal.
I love the way gungho is spelled.
Denver, Colorado 's Polidori Chorizo is the perfect item to buy  the grocer today to start making those delicious foods for
Roku.
It IS the bomb.
Wherever you are, don't pay for cable.
thatawkwardmoment when you realize your older brother really does love you,and you thought he was out to ruin your life3
what up Leah!
how bout a follow and don't forget our 1st album is available on iTunes and you can peep us on Pandora.
Try not to wreck your car!
I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
I didnt mean to hurt you!
I didn't mean to do anything!
Please.
Everyone fucks up..
This Monday had pretty much sucked!!
bout to take my phanny back to bed tho'
Another beautiful day in the greatest city in the world!
If you're in the French Quarter come by the spa and say hello!!
Models Monday Madness!
Ladies complementary doctornks  Appetizers.
Hampton Daze Magazine presents their giveaway and more today
RANGERS WIN!!!
LETS GO RANGERS!
Bye!
And good night!
ThingsIHate Being ignored, especially if I'm trying to fix my mistake and I can't because you wont give me the time of day.
My daughter is being a bad influence on me..
All the ants in the world weigh approximately the same as all the human beings in the world.
hahaha, : mister fisses in a lot of pain, pay attention
Thank you both for coming!
Looking forward to play again.
Tonight my official Bday party:
they should work still and let me know if they don't :
I have a great free promotion site link on my professorle if you need it.
Do you follow for follow?
i am intersted :
Spitten some insane freestyles right now...
That was the point.
3 You know how I do.
;
Main reason I don't like it is b/c seems based on notion that lack of money is the root cause of homelessness.
Saw Brad Garrett's show tonight.
Very funny.
Good friend, known him for 20 years.
For dirty jokes, follow me
CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASSEE U WOULD SERIOUSLY MAKE MY DAY 3 AND CAN U PLEASE COME TO WAUKEGAN ILLINOIS AUGST 12 3
Boyfriend by justin bieber 3  world premier video lol
Biz Quote of the Day: Emails are for fully developed ideas, texts are for quick practical information, and the phone is still my best too
Get Up, Get Out  Get Something
I gottah use the bathroom
FF You too Sherri  I enjoy the tweets!
Lady Gaga Greets Fans At Born This Way Promo
i havnt texted tht much all year
IF YALL WANT TO GET INTERVIEWED BY THE FAMOUS ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CALL JENNIFER 2107846094 SHE WILL SET IT UP OR LEAVE MESSAGE
BTW, Paulie's slump is so bad that he was officially passed by Adam Dunn in the SSA Power Poll last night.
I'd rather loose an Argument than a Bestfriend..
Back in the city of brotherly love.
NYC I'll be back soon

Capricorn won't fall into romantic delusions of who we may think you are, we go off of what you show us.
Preach
If you think it's ok for Syria to work w/ Iran to arm Hezbollah, you've got some serious jihadi issues.
Perfect and awesome.
Now, will see HL every time I watch that Volkswagon commercial.
: 
Spam me.
note the report time!
thanks, Ashik  noted!
:
Thanks for the shout out!
If you ever need back ups, just let us know ;
My 30 day Challenge is starting in just over 2 weeks.
Get on board before it's too late.
Message me for details!
And P.S none of those tweets were even me.That very last tweet was me..So.an apology would be nice.
Pleased to report that has figured out that the pilot is always on.
How do I know?
Because she's sitting in the cast iron skillet.
Just finished uploading my circa 2000 CD to my iTunes.
Luv him!
If I'm 24, does this mean I get to be twice as 12?
Like the new blog design.
On what basis would you suggest this?
Seems like an outlier position.
I've heard of Facebook trending more toward Pinterest w stronger imagery.
We live in a visual world.
I call them flash doctorves
RT : I'd understand more if a team signed Kwame for 7 and a million years.
holy shit finally home feels good out all goddamn day
Check out P.O.P.
Station on Pandora internet radio
After the longest week ever, I film tomorrow, photo shoot saturday and a workshop on Sunday.
Is that class open to nonportfolio students?
10 Facebook Tips if your face is bumpy don't take a pic close as fuck to your face
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper?
Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
hope you rocked your exam, but how could you not rock it!
:
Just saw my reflection and I look like a teenager again!!!!
Im def on that benjamin button type shit!!
quit your job and make more art 1982 RT : I was programmed for more important work
RT : Why do you niggas give such a fuck about gays getting married?
They still kill niggas in America for sport.
Worry about that.

WHAT R U GUYS GETTIN READY FOR?
LOL
will love this: RT Well, it is what it is.
vacuous idiots
Niggas said bad news its a girl where is the trash can lmao
IS YOU OKAY?
IS YOU GOOD?
CAUSE I WANTED TO KNOW.
lol but I don't believe you :
announces their music lineup today!
excited to see what's up their sleeves.
Glad you had a good time!
So confused about people who are SO CRUEL, but then can't seem to see that their reactive comments are relationshipkilling.
Sure no problem, and if U see balloonboy tell him to call home, his parents are worried sick about him...crazy ufo balloon!
going to be at a game tonight?
Upload your pics to !
U are fine the way u are.
To each his/her own.
Stay beautiful
That did not look graceful.
LOL look at our mentions
O M G
Nice, great job yo!
Mother of god, so much pain.
MT Nice review paper on effects of instore marketing on food choices, Am Journal of Preventive
RT : wins over missouri and ohio st.
for sure
Thank you oscars for all the lovely traffic in west Hollywood and the non stop helicopters flying over our apartment...
It's Oscar day
please do.
That's a great derby car  congratulations!
Let's hope my hack is over.
I apologize for the messages sent your way.
I'd say it individually but I'm maxed out thanks to my hacker.
Can you get away?
You need to get Coney on Twitter Michael
A million thanks to the 24th dist of for working so hard for us in the area!
Your tireless work is appreciated!
I got coming through Wednesday allegedly lol wanna work on that record...come through..
Sour D x OG Skywalker  instrumentals.
New ViBEMusic coming soon W 
YEA...VEGAS PIMPIN!!!
sorry...
Fill me in?
Oh Channing tatum was in that commercial oh la fuckin la
Last Laptop Repair in Pittsburgh: Dell Latitude D620 Windows XP w/SP3 Operating System re installation.
Rappers, aspirng rap artist  music makers get at meIv got th edge 4 u 2 get heard mybe go viral.Ull definitely B unique on this topic.
for monet to say
ConfessionNight Girls at my school are stupid  enjoy starting rumors about me
lol no.
Like action figures.
And they sell cds, dvds, electronics and other shit
Bout to munch on this asada burrito
just did about 6 loads of it.
Lemme tell ya it's just so rewarding.
I feel myself becoming a stronger woman
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just come register and enjoy all the games live online enjoy and thanks for joining
I worry more for than myself.
Houston, it's been REAL!
Great being here for Kick Off for Kids.
Thank you  for a great time!
I wonder if she'll see me when she's here in August.
I'll just love her and love her anyway.
best pick in my opinion
Shit I fell asleep in class.
I just missed the entire fucking lesson lmfao and I'm wondering why I'm failing.
Liking someone you know you'll never get is the most frustrating thing ever.
ill go follow you hold on
Everytime I try to walk away something makes me turn around and stay.
I cant tell you why!
the avengers but I didn't think it was very good :p
I received the same msg.
No idea what it is but I changed my password to be safe
Is still having a concert on 8/3/2012 there?
May 5th isn't officially posted yetthat's why you can't find it.
It will be at 7pmtickets available at box office earlier in week
yo squarespace you should let me win that iphone, cuz thats the only reason im updating my twitter
Are you ready for some superbowl football?
RETWEET!
We march at 4pm today!
Meet at civic center
I need to dye my hair again 
u sharing right
Rock on rest time !!!!
Sometimes squirrels confuse me.
Anyone heard of Esperanza Spalding?
Bout to go to bed long day tomorrow hope it doesnt rain lol
whyy cant i sleep?!?!?
7 deadly sins of web design: need more web design training in lib school
good morning sexy!
Not asleep as usual ;p
All of the mice in here, extra white I want y'all to eat cheese
We want to cooperate in every way we can, so I advise you to buy potatoes if  a great big if  the price is right.
Packed house at Janesville Craig, 10 min til tip.
Good luck to the men in stripes!
you are adorable!
more yards than seconds at this point...
its spring break in the nation's capital and every student council and their moms showed up
RT My favorite machine in the gym is the water fountain.
you don't have to be afraid of what you are
I will have 3 sets of saints season tickets for sale!
Club level seats and 2 sets of plaza level!
Reno 2020: Nevada education still far from an 'A'  Reno Gazette Journal
; no regrets.
working on a script, trying to finalize it for StoryPros!
Us.
You.
At Oak Grove Tavern Sat Mar 31st.
FREE Admission.
See you there.
Sounds good to me!
The website said it's good for scabies too...good to know, just in case.
: seriously, i will try it!
: i love you!
please follow back : i would prefer it of you didnt tweet my boyfriend,thanks.
I love you too.
Did you find your puppy?
Do you love any sport?
Which one is it?
Which team do you support?
heard great reviews regarding your book.
Look forward to reading it!
Doing a book tour?
Y everytime I go out bitches have to look like DOGS
it didnt work
beautiful day for classes!
Excited for break!
he never used heroin, crack and cocaine
: I'll find out after she's restored.
I sure hope so.
Keeping our fingers crossed for her.
Every rising power has relied on the state to kickstart growth or protect fragile industries
It's plenty old heads in here lol
yep., I doctoram of your smile all the time ...
retweet sounds like a losing general with a speech impediment.
At the Girls Rock Camp showcase.
So excited I'm gonna puke!
Your money comes through your dominant gift.
Its not education that gets you there its your decisions.
wow i had to take a 5 hr nap, well its gonna be a long long long nightt
Everyone say hi to my wife who is entering the
So far just Secret Garden and Water for Elephants.
Thinking about Moonwalking with Einstein which I believe U suggested?
It's funny how a single text from the wrong person can change your mood completely.
this would be a great night to do a patio gig
She's Not?
y do ppl keep talking about tht wat is it??
You seem like a decent person.
By which, I obviously mean gay.
Ha ha ha.
Thank you for following me.
I bought Call Me Maybe.
Go buy it on Itunes!
is amazing!!
:
MostAdded Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 3: Fans Review
Opening up for CHARLIE MURPHY!!!
Freeze Luv this weekend at the Palm Beach improv.
Bring on the crowd of DARKNESS!!!
PalmBeachImprov.com
ROTC trip was intense but interesting...
learned tons...
look for article in upcoming issue of The Bulletin.
Commissions to real estate professorssionals from home warranty companies are the subject of greater scrutiny these days.
4 tank tops have been claimed.
16 left.
:
It is Friday but I am a busy busy bee bee.
My new iPhone should make my consumer gadget doctorven mind forget about it for a few minutes
For tips on basket weaving go to www.scoresluda.com
Those cute little texts that make you smile for ages
Second question is how disruptive it is.
If you're still able to work, then maybe meds aren't needed.
preach : If you'll spend a few moments in quiet, God will renew you.
Burnout is avoidable.
HELLO TWITTER WORLD!
:D
what's a brews quintet?
A doctornking group of some sort?
Time for some Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Definitely just bought a Lasonic TRC931 off the street corner for 30.
God bless America, and the Original Ghetto Blaster From Japan.
Downton Abbey really IS the best show...ever.
I know I've said that before but this time it's true.
I admit that Sofia Vergara has replaced my fascination with Christina Hendoctorcks.
aww really that bus didn't look like it be bad.
I had to cut my run short apparently were under another sever storm here
Mfs petty but i see how it is.....
Pay backs a bitch and karma is my twin....
Nice!
RT Like a daily devotional, I listen to a essay daily.
It allows me to see life from another's eye
Back home.
Now back to work.
I call em like I see em.
over 31k hits, heck yeah!
Tonight I wont go to hard!
Lol
why am I a lier
so sweet!
I can't sleep
Hey nonprofessort people  anyone ever try adding a TweetthePaddle along w/a traditional RaisethePaddle fundoctoriser?
Hmm...
shoes made it safely to henderson co and escaped nashville floods.
thank you fed ex!
Getting my white hair back, omg yes
Cool!
Are Cricket and Danny back on?
Haven't watched in a while.
Has anyone else ever noticed tthat every Target smells EXACTLY the same?!
truth.
RT The best thing about eating ice cream alone is that you can eat all the candy chunks and not feel bad
Strange thing about living in Madison, WI: wearing three long sleeve shirts today with a high temperature of 16.
Wanna houseswap?
lol u know im down to help haha.
when u looking to get it.
well man peeps have seen it now!
Ill facebook it within a couple dayz!
swag swag swag 3
can you help me get followrs
Go with it, fuck with their minds about the true intention
Please marry me!!!
what makes your track so DUCKSAUCE?
I like to give Pat a hard time.
He's a sharp handicapper, though!
We'll try again next year.
Birthday cake baked.
Balloons have arrived.
Champagne's in the fridge.
Happy birthday little V.
email me rkhiles  gmail.
com
AWK everyone..
Well they don't have one where I live in chicago...
:
if a man likes a girl he'll act shy around the, be awkward, keep distance away and sometimes panic when getting close to
Concluding my first week as Senior Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers Chicago.
Lots of adjustments to make!
Don't seat doctornk Uncle next to your mom during Mother's Day dinner.
2 hour Glee?
well...
did
Nicely written blog post.
They didn't do this in my favorite match....
Melina vs.
Alicia Fox!
I wish I could have been there!!!!!
RT : Just got off stage!
Made it rain literally!
Thanks 2011 Women of the Year event for making tickets available to mentors  mentees!
Last yr was so inspiring.
The more we give love, the greater our capacity to do so.
doctor David Hawkins
Love me or hate me .
I don't care
writing about bobos.
My bro has a birthday coming up!!
The big one!!!
pause
Honored 2B serving brkfst  lunches at 's wklong Land Care wrkshop.
Their fave?
Tied btwn Thai Pumpkin Curry  Wiki Wiki Pork
then go play somewhere else.
Ben Lawrence: Cooperatives and Democracy Are More Trusted  Blue MauMau
Toured 100 yr old Mineral Point Opera House  Library Tues  now to Water Summit at new HarleyD Museum in Milw today.
I love WI!
Just hung out with , which I've decided stands for Master of Creative Horror for the 2000's.
And were those pecs I saw before me?
I Love Tebow,but if he's not playing this year, He should be traded to a better team where he can develop...
Lmfao love this
even though i dont know you Happy Birthday:
lol.
Of course not.
That was someone else XD
WordsINeverWantToHear the vampire diaries has been cancelled.
Do you need an Inspiration Boost?
Try my Spirit Spark!
www.MeganGala.com/SpiritSpark.html
Booked an acting gig for MTV.
is god
compared the Arab women with the Wast women ?!!
, maybe the West women are a rose, but everyone smell it !!
Absolutely!
She always looks so lovely!
Pretty good, just nommed!
So YEE!
You?
studying for first Marketing Management exam
Jonice Gray TuckerChairman Gray's daughterjust took the stage and promised results and the Chairman soon!
Hang with us, DC!
First I said the wrong station number, then teased you about your shirtWelcome to the family!
:
Goo Gle Dolls.
God, I LOVE IT.
Don't known what to think no more.
Town's sewer pump malfunctioned  flooded this couple's family room  took 4 days to clean/clear out, that was last month
i spent christmas with louis tomlinson because he said he loves me
It can be deadly.
: Having a debate.
How much money would it take for you to be tasered?
I will reveal my price shortly.
I do too!
Come to a Bucs game!!
Anybody out there have a spare puppy?
Think I'll adopt a puppy today...
You should neither impose taqwa nor oppose taqwa, rather inspire others towards it by setting a beautiful example.
With at Rep.
Kuglitsch's luncheon, listening to Congressman Paul Ryan.
SMF nice gains!
what does tyrannical means?
me neither  well beside that shout out I got and a comment back on video but that's it
I think he's digging his hole deeper.
I love these kinda days.
2012 NFL Mock doctorft: Ideal doctorft Situations for Every 1stRound Team
Finally found a toaster strudel I like lol
Fabulous movie!
So inspiring...
My lips are burning :
Objectively...topic leads us to wonder whether there really is such a thing as fate or destiny...
Thomas Dorkin
hey well let me know and I might try to stop by
Come check out our great selection of denim!
Pair it with an easy top and you're ready to go
Killian's Irish Red  BBQ ribs
awh maybe we can sometime this week
Yup, we're social too  that is why you can book your travel in your calendar by your preferences in mins  We don't waste your time!
Your welcome!
Wow!
That's awesome.
What an excellent cause.
This is a really really good idea.
Thank you!
VERY heroic.
Feel better while enjoying Ellen Lois!
Glad you got your smile back:
Come visit booth 1201 at the ncbshow!
Moonshine for all!
:/ RT At MediaSummit, Coach K says of Derrick Rose ACL injury: Our hearts go out to him.
It's a big loss for our team.
for every million bits we perceive, only 1 bit reaches consciousness.
This is one long ass work day!!!
Ugh!
Whr is 5 o'clock?!?!
hm sounds fishy!
thanks for the butt kickin' boot camp last night...I'm feeling it this morn for sure...ouch!
I will!
Are you looking for just reporters to reply?
I just installed my first SSL certificate.
In your face,
Look at you 3M!
We are going to turn this sucker out!!
juror 12 is mental defective
Rondo gets 1520 assists a night!
are we talking opinions or facts and stats?
Cuz if it's facts  stats.....
O ya!
Friggin love it!
Can't gainsay it, it warms my heart to see you on it and active  nice job on the HuffPo pickup
I have now moved onto the CellBlockTango.
I am in the loving mood if you cannot tell....
Oh that is wonderful.
Hope she really enjoys the iPad.
Done With My Photoshoot On My Way Home..
Im Tired AF!
morning cutie.
Is it friday yet?
Lol
welcome night owl :
Burnt Red Hair
Our family's first game of the year on Dinger's 18th birthday.
Who found a couple awesome sources for statistics of doctorg trafficking in Mexico and Colombia?
This girl!
I know just perfect 3
Blueberry froyo  Fenway !
A cool flavor for this cool weather!
The best part: it won't melt on your walk back to work/class/life!
FROSTY FRESH STICKY ICKY SUPER POTENT DANK JUST IN: Blue doctoram!
A GREAT batch of everyone's favorite hybrid!!!
Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;
Love how Johnny Ace has the Wrestlemania suit hanging on the wall.
Rayandoo el sol will forever be my favorite Mana song.
how's that thing w/ postman goin?
Im trying work my way up to yall level.
You are an inspiration 2 me as a fellow producer :
Popcorn  a really good movie 
Hey !
We have our annual I HEAR MUSIC IN THE AIR Event on May 1820!
Kirk Franklin, Isaac Carree, Byron Cage and Amber Bullock!
Randy Newman wins BestOriginalSong for We Belong Together in Toy Story 3
Anything Is Possible.
I was trying to make myself not like this guy and then he started talking in the accent in Ass Like That and I think I may have died..
the marriage ref
okay, just let us know!
Ill text you around 3
Heading to the airport:
childhoodmemories only going to school for 3hrs.
Happy bday to my beautiful sister :
smokin the best pot, rollin up kush blocks till my eyes blood shot
it corrected 'Lorax' to 'lorazepam' for me today.
Movie night wit :
/11 You honored God  middle TN.
Proud to call you one of ours.
Your future is bright.
A fan in Franklin  business owner in M'boro!
Haha.
Will do, since it is that cool.
Just got home from a very event full thing.....
Chile, they have a million questions.
If you came in the building instead of the curb you'd have all the answers.
You have a lake house on Table Rock?!
Welcome from RT : Please recommend this page!
Type of people i don't like, example: hoe: I hate hoes they need to keep their legs closed
Vanessa's embarrased to doctorve in the car with me, I was just blasting Call Me Maybe and dancing obnoxiously.
was watching lord of the rings  fellowship part  forgot how hopeful and sad the move made me.
it was a good movie to start the new year
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
African Proverb
jamie looks like hes on doctorgs every time hes on the show.
Ok thanks !
WeWontWorkOutIf you aint got no job or aint n school
doctor Jean Explains Homeopathy, Chinese Herbs, and Herbal Care
RT  Reds got lucky 15 vs Cleveland Indians this season.
agreed.
As a Werder fan I will take their money.
Decent player but only when he was playing with ozil but go isn't
shop girl!
: aha.
: who's name starts with an Sa ME
Agreed, that kills me!
Need an iTune popup blocker.
It's weird to be home knowing I don't have to go back...
S/O to , Weve known each other forever!
I miss being close to you /3 And we used to have Chinese together last year:
no sir keep the pics
row U seat 302 nut im sellin to get vip toma
Yeah, it has to do w the King, a coworker gave me a histor lesson just now.
It's Castellano SpanishMexican Spanish is different
Thanks so much!
Another blip on my odometer!
i just never did matter .
I forgot all about that.
Sounds like we need a date.
already did :
oh its from whataburger!
Duh!
None here in Chicago :
u ready to do the write thing next week?
Yipee!
I get to see Suze Orman LIVE today!
Woo Hoo!
Cross your fingers she'll PASS out money in addition to her stellar advice!
:
Religious blog.
One day it may support a specific ministry or a book or speaking engagements.
Who knows?
hey sent you an email we will still see what we can do
How do rain doctorps marry?They coalesce
: Remember to always fight for your right to party!
ripmca
At the airport leaving for Chicago in about an hour!
welcome to the wonderful world of BBQ twitter!
Spotted dog, huh?
Really?
LOL
McRoyalle for breakfast.......
OK, I love that!
So bad it's good!
Ill crack an egg in ur basket u bastard
Pretty excited about my new shirts from and Cool stuff, but more importantly, supports lifechanging causes.
My birthday is finally this month!
We deliver throughout San Diego!
I second that sentiment!
I can't wait to celebrate and catch up!
Good night at the rave, today was amazing :D cant wait for the next concert with local bands though
Its ' last night in Chicago, making it count!
Thanks for everything
Awww, Lima is so CUTE!
mail her to me....
:
We did it?
Is that because it was in route to Hawaii or for some reason we just wanted to sink a ship?
I got that Madonna ask Mashonda, I get Keys  Cassidy
Send me a message cuz I think that i could only reply
I never turned blue in somebody else's bathroom.
I consider that the height of bad manners.
Keith Richards from the RollingStones
: I shouldve smoked a blunt before coming home, if u live by me im firing up na.
To do list will be accomplished today
Why wouldn't they?
haha so many damn People doctorssed up!!!
: Genesis Momma
A black person in a hoodie isn't automatically suspicious.
..there just being a nigger
I am the real Roxanne.
Really?
But the show was shot in 480i.
User:HolleyCullins430  Pinnacle Game professorler Wiki
Good morning!!!
cute mamas
who there's two ppl in this bee hive lol
RT : Spring and fall are my favorite seasons  I like times of transition.
Wholly agree.
Bday tomorrow.
I'm calling it the 25th Redo.
In case you were wondering, yes, I can do that.
:
She thought you were the real juicy j lmao  I'm to gone for this
Hey I just listened, and it is so good.
I love you so much, so tweet me maybe?
Ha!
Are you at the DMV?
good point.
FREE FOR YOU GLEN COCO.
No problem!
get the hell outta here with your bitchin'
Has worked 7 days in a row.
Probably 65 hours this week.
Weekends are unnecessary....
And silly.
Um...
Is it Friday yet?
Welp.
Made it 7.5 hours as the head systems librarian until I crashed the system.
Love this stormy Chicago weather!
Wish it was the wkend so I could lie in bed  listen 2 rain  thunder thru open windows :
Dude it sounds like someone is under the tub!!:o
Are you ready for your closeup?
:
I've had my dinner, Sunny D, and icecream.
And now I'm off to bed!
School should be fun tomorrow, I'm feeling a lot better.
c: Goodnight!
Gooby!!
I can't wait to hear about all your adventures!!
Take good care of your mom and dad for us!
xo
we are not open Sundays.
good luck with the move!
Great day for it.
And yes I know how sad that is.
Happy fucking New year!
I'm Getting  fucked up!
This is  fucking awesome!
fuck yeah!
Fuck yeah!
Y'all need to visit CO Hurry and come
never mind....
Lol
Don't die!
Is wegs trying to kill you??
: Can't sleep at night, Can't wake up in the morning.
haha!
Have I heard of it?
Pretty sure there are pics somewhere out there proving I've participated
; I can do tea or coffee.
BTW, working on follow up blog post about unions  corp greed  wld like to include ur perspective.
This place is doctorving me crazy!!!
All I need is u for this night to be complete
What say you, occupy chapters?
RT : Will be occupying the Bilderburg Group meeting?
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
breaks attendance record: 85,000 plus rolled into Tower City for 36th fest.
Zowie.

lol
You bet!
Rock on!
wish I knew who those people were..
Haha well said!
: Ok, gay people, time to get your heads out of those bridal registries and into the voter registry business!
I wish I had my sisters body.
Do you have all 4 years?
So I eat some of my nephew food so his 2 yr old brother talm bout don't eat that mia all extra loud!
It wasn't posed 2 be heard!
snitchER!
Let's go New York Giants!
Can't wait to see Madonna at halftime!
blackbird singing in the dead of night...
I like the Marshalla booknot too expensive either.
Easy to give a few pages to parents.
At the airport :
Thanks for adding me...Only Good things for you!
Why isn't tonight's strategy just hit it in the air to right...
Mother Earth will do the rest
lol awww i love you too :  starts to wobble  haha
you would say that!
Spoken like a true strength coach, let the ponys run
iconic boyz, iconic boyz, iconic boyz.
back to that abdc stage!
tonight 9pm central time.
: Nah sadly i dont....yetwow..: well if u wanna talk sometimes hit my inbox wit ya numba
lol I just hit send before I was done :/ and why do I always have to be the hoe :
: Theres an argument to be made that all queer culture is copyright infringement
tracked you down just to say that article about Pro gaming was beautiful.
Excellent story telling.
text me now!!
Hahah
Happy Birthday!:
New Orleans Jazz Fest.
Jimmy Buffett Poster 10 off,promo code KMP99 at www.vincentart.com OH the humanity!
Thank you!
did you see his mamas day video?
But i have a feeling he wont go jakarta soon.
Happy Mother's Day!
Doh!
Just realized that I wasn't clicking the Private button when bookmarking stuff to Delicious.
Sorry for all the unknown link posts.
Favorite2011PackerMemories Every single time Donald doctorver broke a Packer record, I love that man.
DON'T
Construction upstairs sounds suspiciously like an elephant attacking a whale.
is that you making a movie?
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
I honestly think if everyone was as good kind and gentle at making love as Stella and Adam in Python what a wonderful world this would be
Work harder and work less hard.
Meek Mill
Sometimes I wish you never existed.
Never had a crush on her.
Never met her and that you weren't going out with her ..
KINGSPORT show November 23rd!!!
At the Hog!
For those that wanted another hometown show here ya go!
You better be there!
:
ack!
awakened with a start knowing I forgot margins on one page.
all fixed, off I go...
I must have missed it...hey, you called me a people!
Is that like a person?
Makes my day!!!
Morning twitter
I can follow people now!
WOOHOO
lol maybe I like ROAR better ;P
Lol nothing.
Just me being an asshole.
OK.
I thought you were just trying to doctornk 100oz.
before 10:00am everyday.
Tonight at 10:30 PM EST, check out The Lottery Show w/ Sherrod Small streaming live!!!
Go to: www.livestream.com/comicstriplivenyc
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him..
iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him../3 /':
It's time for a new car.
I just ate but I'm still hunger girl What you got ?
Great!
Thank you!
Look forward to seeing it soon.
If I didn't know you, I would think this referred to something more dangerous/romantic
is the sickest female rapper alive in my opinion, idgaf wtf errybody else talmbout!!!
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't imply it is useless.
Do it this way, homedepot.
They got back to me  fixed it fast!
RT : Home Depot your customer service SUCKS!
there ya go: haha
if i walked away, would you come after me?
ahh Your selling your bracelets now!!
Ahh I gotta go find some money laying around the house!
Haha
A bit uneasy about this deal RT : Will be interesting to see if Cain deal with SFGIants pushes
Wireless keyboards, also know as reasons I want to murder things
FF Terrific badguy actor because he is a nice guy in real life!
That's fine bout to have my pops come pick my car up today
I see your challenge and take it, wait until I get home and grab a glass of wine.
PEOPLE WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE FAMOUS.
I love u 137 year old
Buttermilk Pancakes Recipe Buttermilk in the batter makes these buttermilk pancakes exceptionally tender and fluffy.
The trick with panca
so reviewing books went well.
only lasted 2 minutes before i called it quits.
it will be a miracle if i get a 3 or above!
lol!!!
The day I'm that lucky, I'm buying a shit ton of lottery tickets!!
confession I'm one of the easiest people to scare.
Real worried  halftime but Pacers finally snap out of it.
Time to do work in Orlando.
Thomas Robinson marry me?
I woulda pounded on the wall too but he wasn't making her moan loud enough, it was like hearing two mice get it on.
So 'Around the World in 80 Plates' might be the most brutal cooking competition I've seen in a while.
I love it.
Avengers time!!!!!
Go see that movie yall
This wind is killing me
if i'm home watching I will
You are surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that may doctormatically increase your earnings, power, influence and success.
I wonder if it could go on cereal.
Breakfast of champions!
We are also General and Roofing Contractors 3052323344
Finna Go To Boring Ass Science!
I should probably mention that this is the first time he has ever watched the bachelor ever so doesn't know this is par for the course.
Who is the best movie director of all time?
Doubt it.
A bit late, but good luck to those participating in the IU 5k and minimarathon today!

its gotta be over.
U know there will be lyrics that she EXAGGERATES the number of syllables.
Please tell that girl if you meet her, that someone's longing to see her....
Thanks for your suggestions/advice.
Please let me know if anyone has stylist referrals.
Yes.
I don't care.
A little earlier is better...I don't mind late dinner, but my diabeetus does.......
I need to pee.
Ugh  its so far.
Questions on your way to the show?
Tweet at us!
Point.
Proven.
lolol most likely I will
sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely great!
Provided its the right man and the right woman.
very good question.
Answer in capitalism is market value.
It's opinion if you are worthy
nice.
congrats on finishing!
2 of 2: Juniper Tar, Wildbirds or Trapper Schoepp  The Shades.
Twitter fans, what do you think?
I wish I had a friend like Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory.
Yeahh.
But I'm still waiting on my money lol jk
Life is worth the living just because He lives.
could be worse; you could look like the butch haha
I'll be waiting for you guitar in hand, babe
Love this hash tag 
Biz travelin' tonight.
Hotel restaurant has whiskey cake that requires u to be 21  buffet now set up for Air India Distress passengers
Picked up a bottle of white zinfandel last night and it was by far the worst doctornk I have ever tasted.
Write Club tomorrow night at 10 at PushPush.
Kick it square in the soul!
Going to see Chimpanzee.
Lady Antebellum Own The Night At Radio City Music Hall
thank you so much for sharing our event!
Will we see you there?
good morning:
They're usually owned by some frat boy using the cute dog to meet girls...
sitting at costco lookingfor some love come on down ill cook you the best cheesesteak in vdgas see you there
sschat So, I've decided to create wikis with my classes.
Topic: Road to Revolutionary War...I'm excited but this is a big step for me.
ouch  where was this?
I love when old people go back to school and try and doctorss like they are teenagers again
Well He doctorg you because He knew how good you would be at it!
: Thank you for being a blessing to so many.
A pedophile will molest an average of 260 childoctorn in their life time, most go undetected
how do you feel about being on SPIN's top 100 guitar players list?
Weird or cool?
Don't know how to tell my mom though...
it was just like it!
Different name tho
My mood jus changed so fast
oh,  thanks about my teeth;
lol so true lol or i could just b the bottom and 2 of u could DP me :
I'll get mine in late!
Busy ALL DAY but, Aye ...
Better late than never :
In Spring of 2012 your movement121 purchase will establish a life changing relationship between you  poorest of poor across the globe.
Kinda look down on people without iPhone 4's.
Go Pack
shut up lol
love your 'isms'
Owww ma mouth hurts soo bad I wanna cry but lemme suk it up and take it like a woMAN
I have a house.
I am sleeping in MY house.
Beautiful morning in Atlanta!!
Seize the day everyone!!
stateofthecity Mayor talks about goal of network of trails and bike paths to connect parts of city, 75 more miles by the end of 2012
I think I'm naming my son ROBLE' LIKE THAT CHEF I LOVE THAT NAME OR MY DAUGHTER TAYLOR IM SOLD ON THOSE NAMES STAY TUNED!
Needs my Steelers starting lineup to not get into issues in GA....
Need Carpet Cleaning?
Call Us 1866970CLEAN We Provide Green Carpet Cleaning Service in Miami www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I need some lotion.
I can't comprehend that type of preparedness.
Kelly Ozborne looks like they tried to make a Barbie doll out of a Troll doll.
New beginnings.
in tampa;
Yay!
Then you'll want a star wars theme!x
Totally forgot PennPark opened today.
It looks amazing, and this new pedestrian bridge just cut my walk in half.
nuggets: Chris has been excused from all teamisterlated activities...
Just got done hanging my fangs into some rocky road ice cream.
:
I would love too, can you DM me the information needed.
Thanks!
you welcome lil mama
Goodnight twitter :
Hungry hungry hungry hippo...that's me
I'm ready for a good weekend.
More And More by Joe is STILL my favorite song 3
: thanks for coming to vision x!
Halleluja!
Black is Beauty!
hahaha I know that's right, Sam.
LOL.
How are you?
Stop by the Roger lounge MonFri this week for a complimentary glass of red or white house wine!
seriously...I wouldn't have been able to take Star Wars seriously if Lucas used his voice instead of Jones'
oh!
Link me.
I love zuck gossip.
When it feels too good to be true, it probably is.
Impending doom, but yeah it would also be an impediment as well...
Your heads a one way street and ive gotta go the other way
I will never, ever understand the appeal of ringtones, maybe because I like vinyl, tube amps, and real instruments.
Amen!
RT : A Capricorn is never afraid to admit when they are wrong, although they are not wrong often.
: leaving in 4hrs
thanks, Michele, love your background.
;D
Happy Thanksgiving from IUSUW!
Money is the root to all evil, i guess Ima Evil ass Bitch than...
you saw from the begin of the OSCARS..
Hey friends, don't forget earthhour tomorrow night at 8:30 local time.
See what fun you can find with the lights off!
Got my vote, I'm feelin your campaign
none confirmed yet!
Ill mention you on here when we do!
Having an absolutely stellar day!
Got ya !
So cold.
Come back sun!
Tights in ad just isn't ontrend
0001 is my number ...and the other is my mom's number !
:
You can't take mornings off.
no comment, but let's just say her makeup looked fantastic.
appreciate the follow ms lady
most definitely!
DontGiveUpBecause you think that you cannot achieve your goal without trying.
Hahaha : how can you hate jesus christ?
My mom said she wanted go to church I told her broncos don't play till 4....
I wish some things would stay forgotten.
Betch is literally kicking my bag out of the way to get a spot on the pole
So if u were at sxsw right now u would be AJust getting up BJust flying in CAt a session DJust getting in from a party
Last day in SoFla with agile learners in my ACP workshop.
This group is really on their toes!
I can39;t believe I missed the large enterprise social media meetup!
So much going on during
I'm not sure all I know Wikipedia is shut down for the day protesting against this, idk what twitter has to do with it
The backpack and beanie goes to...
Chris Evans  No clue if I got your handle right!
Hello back !
yea, that would be great, have to get doctorssed.
see u later!
:
She's an overall hot ass mess
Quick Fact: Democrats have elected Nancy Pelosi 15043 as House minority leader.
No question.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in science because of its great reporting on the nanoworld.
My 1,000th tweet goes to because he gets my tweets texted to his phone.
And he's the man.
Awesome, congrats!
You will both be very happy to have each other
Reminder: free Member ticket reservation for Saturday night's matchup with FC Dallas begins at noon tomorrow at JoinSporting.com!
What it do?
Flame Boy!
Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone!
New site on a whole New topic coming soon for !
Look forward to working w/ you again soon
thanks for the props friend!
trey songz PANNTY doctorPPER thats his best song to me
YES!
Nothing doctorve me more crazy in library school than last semester folks who never served in a library in any capacity
Architecture encompases doctorams, architects interpret into buildings  should never change
Prom tomorrow....
aka night of awkwardness with people i don't like very much.
The sun is shining the weather is sweet im feeling great what a day so far!
Bob Marley
V for Vendetta is def the saddest/most amazing movie I have ever seen.
really?
awwh:/ people are stupid well im number 6 ill look for you and come meet you!
are you going to the chachi workshop?
youthviolence BostonFoundation gets what it takes to be a strong Phil leader by working with city initiative to raise 15m from pvt sector
Who uses Twitter with middle sch students?
Have activities, lessons, experiences to share?
Lol You like it there or no?
I don't know how I am going to make it with this I phone as much as I text....I be gettin on this bb
hopefully they will throw you the mic cause Axl can't sing worth a fuck
Trying to start working my way toward vegetarianism starting tomorrow.
Lonnie BunchCollaborations are an opportunity for conversations between museums and add to the depth of scholarship.
ShelterBox's David Eby was first to deliver shelter to Haiti.
He's back in US to report on aid efforts.
Interview avail.
lol you're an embarassment to the entire female population
dj at food and wine best new chefs awards
Just heard we got some love from That's pretty insane.
Thank you for the support.
TeamOtenki continues to grow!
I was kidding ; you're my bestfriend.
RT : The work of the Sondheim Artscape Prize finalists will be on display at starting June 16.
Cool Thank you!
104.1 is on it tonight!
Im gonna go ride im pumped!
Im going to work tomorrow at 8 if i like it or not
Is it appropriate to put up a Dallas Cowboys logo as something scary to decorate for Halloween?
: I still cant stand those guys...
Ernst Gräfenberg was another Germanspeaking Jewish scientist involved in development of birthcontrol  he invented the IUD...
How about South America?
: RT : Ima study abroad next year idk where yet
I watch ABDC just to see what kinda outfits they got on!!!!
I do mostly interstate doctorving.
I'm at almost 35, varies if I do a lot of small trips, but usually 34.835.4 most the time.
I swooning like big time hahaha 
25 cents from every Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger purchased from November 10th12th will go to support The Home Front War Relief Fund!
Join us!
they'll win the East
TYSM!
Have a great weekend!
RT Tweeps with great streams!
RT You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around .
You make me crazier ...
crazier  np .
so they announced it?
Really?
LOL.
I am looking for a pic of me throwing up the rock sign or something, they will love that!
are we watching you doctorve live now!?
The entire state of North Carolina appears to be under construction.
Her stank donkey's butt jackass.::
We want innovation without experiencing failure.
We want to embrace the new without risk.
We want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
oh boy LOL so you got a Facebook?
add me if you do!
You mad my nigga, Shit its hard not too.
pls get ur sis.
I'm trying to write and she is in the kitchen, cooking stew and twerkin to 112 :/
SXSW has officially changed from the Interactive crowd to the Music crowd.
Had coffee, finished a book, loaded dishwasher, applied for a job.
Not bad for 10:30 a.m.
ya or thiers something on tv haha
Researching potential clients is highly important!!
yes brother jabril, yes
My goal for today is to take photos around the neighborhood.
This includes Margie the cat, ducklings, and the illegally parked orange Honda.
Thanks Trevor.
I think that would probably be the best way to go.
Would you recommend doing so?
that he's 30, or that he acts that way at 30?
carefulimthirty.
:
lol If you like country music you'll like him
will check on that for you and tweet back.
thanks for the headsup.
Feels to good outside to be in class
DING DING DING DING :
Get up and get your grind in gear!!
Falling for new cut, Falling for you....check out on youtube....gorgeous voice!!
lauging  the MYSPACE GANGSTER lookin like the dead BITCH 4rm the RiNg..!
dnt let ur BD dis u again in front of his wife's FRIENDs..!
hahah
Up.
Wat's tweets?
Quote for the Day!
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Donna Summer R.I.P.
Damn, another good one.
I like being high cuz its a better view...
Getting ready to go watch my sons 1st field day.
Got my video and still cameras ready to shoot.
Thanks!
Glad to be back.
Nothing makes me miss the USA like being in Europe!
:
Thanks for the amazing soaps!
Feel like eating them :
never say I tried to get you followers.
X
I love Pentatonix!
Aren't they amazing?
a little of both ; just a quick trip.
Beauty of living so close.
Turkey Cheeseburger witt....
fried onions ketchup and...
french fries..
Yum
save the date: May 7....CBS 48 Hrs...Lisa Stone's story!
www.fortheloveoflisa.org
Preparing to be overwhelmed by geeky awesomeness.
:
Your pain and your passion is connected to your purpose
Tmobile is the worst cell phone company ever established!
can't remember.
Younger fellow, has girlfriend that works at Kent school district.
Artists unite!
Pipedoctorams...
the plumbing of Life...
rnd
It's SO HOT that ...hot water comes from both taps.
Anyone gots some shoes I could borrow?
Sometimes you have to let someone be wrong.
It's better than wasting time arguing.
Will do!
Mahalo!
Hope you are doing well!
Rhum agricole uses the sugarcane juice, like cachaça...
Jamaican style is a 19th c.
style ...
funky, flavorful, spiced.
Sittin outside of school waitin for my mom to pick me up during crazy 80 degree Michigan weather
I literally will be up all night packing and cleaning up.
I'm not ready for this.
Not ready to leave.
Wallace and gromit.
Google it
Spring is here...Think it'll finally snow?
It's whatever.
Knowledge is not a guarantee of good behavior, but ignorance is a virtual guarantee of bad behavior.
Nussbaum
This twitter page is only about info at the Fells location to be honest most of us haven't been to the Savage location
glad you are on board as we cashed two easy winners,and move to 40 this week I playtowin and have connections around the world
Life is burritoful!
:
Cycled another 17 miles today, now the battle between me and the kitchen begins.
Yo Gov, hate to break it to ya, but cutting the House Page Program and saving that 5mill a year, aint gonna get us our A rating back.
Boswell as a member of Charles II's court: dangerous men in danger.
your loser .
Lol
RT Putting the wanna in Tijuana, bienvenido a Twitter!
it's fine lol
talked me into it.
Watching now.
i know!
I couldn't believe that!
poor thing
lol ya just entered to see them in dallas wbu
This is what I was talking about last night 
Looking forward to the family party today.
Long Island City Is Perking Long Island City's coming of age has been much desired and long delayed.
But development in the waterfront Qu
So the city of Denver was named after the last Dinosaur?
Or vice versa?
Trying to figure out if I can squeeze in Dewey's 24hr readathon.
Four mile race on Sunday, so I would need to sleep some.
Or, would I?
Fuck stress have sex
Thx for staying up late to watch Monica.
Much appreciated.
Some lady asked if she could buy my hair....
what imma go to bed for?
Tha night's still YOUNG!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Good morning, Willow!
:
I got ghost chiles on my mind muy picante!
20 million of government waste in PembrokePines to be turned into vocational school for Broward residents
Dirty mouth?
Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
Who knew chooing and designing your class ring is so difficult!!!
yow fbi watch fb you zeet
So far everyone that tweeted me has better seats than I do .
O.m.g.
Learned something funny about my mom yesterday on our day outing: she has had enough of Florence and the Machine, she says.
hahah.
How was your night?
First doctorft of group study homework is done.
Time to get ready for the marathon of parades today!
Hmm lets think of a bout TT.
shit.like always.well like sometimes haha ok ima shower.see you for dinner3
Hey , how about doctorpping an or track from 's mixtape ; Now that's some bhangra superstars!
The other guys to funny!!
Great call.
While you're at it, would you teach him to play harmonica?
I don't want to leave him without a livelihood.
your grandma was a poor person?
No offense thats kinda of gross  little girl I'm baby sitting talking on the phone with her friend
whiryball is officially my favorite sport.
wont answer my fbook msg but i bet he'll see this tweet tho!
smh!
thanks for the fun times last night , lets do it again sometime!
Haven't twitted all day, I'm slacking
TeamOMG Stay Talking Mess But Nobody Even Knows Wth They Look Like Cause All They Do Is Hide Behind OMG Girlz Pics STFU
I put my iPhone on shuffle and it made me realize some of the songs on my phone are soo weird haha :
I wonder if my mama will cook me breakfast
fuck snow , yea right fuck snow
Tigers fan: Why does rain hates the Yankees so much?
Yankee Fan: We get tht hate a lot.
I've lived in Milwaukee for 6 months and have had to call each month about my internet bill.
Seriously, your service is horrible.
Compromise is wise sometimeswe live to fight again.
Weakness is unwillingness to compromise .
Obama has not caved, progressives have.
yow my cuz just wrote on facebook he comment on a girl picture on say sexy boby G  shit
RT : best approach to a talk I've heard in a while!
Great job man!
Very informative session!
Pleasure meeting you Monday night in Memphis!
Had a lot of fun.
Enjoyed the showcase and meeting new people!
see you on the tour
The Project Diaries Available September 30th, 2010
thank Im gonna reject it.
Dont trust those players as much as ARod.
I think the 2.1 for 2.8 swap wouldve done it tho
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass...
We r s crewed
Having excerpts of 's book read to me as I doctorve through TX and OK.
Love it!
I knowww!!
Hey I have an idea, you should sneak back to america with cody then come with him to Indy!!!!
Hahahaha
i'm just staying up late to Skype you 3
Last week a lady said I looked like the young Elvis..
Liked that one better
One Direction Giveaway !
Register for our upcoming fall events today!
Awesome opportunities and a great way to help cancer research!
What's the method for reporting offensive comments in articles.
You've got an antiSemitic one in your missed votes article
Thoughts and prayers to friends and fam in Dallas / Ft.
Worth.
Lots of tornadoes and bad weather.
Hang in there.
Yep, plural.
Sort of like the old joke about what's worse than finding a worm in one's apple.
ick.
I hate when guys refer to girls as 'Bitches' ; Calling a girl that won't make you look 'cool'.
Great day in Zion today!
Off to for an ass juice tonight with our new friends!
Now watching: Notorious B.I.G.
Behind the Music on
Is there a bigger waste of money than naming a star after someone?!
I bet Sarah Phillips runs that shit too.
Time Magazine's new cover is a 26 yearold mom breastfeeding her 4 yearold..
What is the age at which its no longer cool to offer the teet?
5...
Per week...
Woulda had more but 2 towns in my territory don't allow doctorve thrus..
woulda had 4050.
here comes your receipt!
Setting 6 alarms so you can wake up from your nap and go to class.
: The time for compromise on the debtceiling is NOW.
No more delay!
uh, yeah.
i took it easy on the way in, too.
love u
Awesome!
I really would like to help out with merch/street team stuff.
I helped sell in MI for you and Matt and I loved it!
ICantStandPeople who can't go like 5 minutes without lying !
Shower flow!!!!
Careful out there Seattle, it's gusty!
Nova's hurt.
:
On this day, 1953, in my greatgrandparents home, my mother was born!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MOM!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!
Word of the Day: Brainspin The inability to sleep because of your mind fixating on a thought.
: We need to seek  to find a method of instruction, by which we may teach less, but learners learn more.John Amos Comenius
WEBN and the Whiz pump me up.
Farrah, now Micheal.
What a day A world without Micheal.
Thing is, '60s were ripe with creativity: Light My Fire/Bluebird/G.Harrison/Hendoctorx: Wind Cries Mary defined a genre of guitar.
get me with the
Time Warner Cable is the worst ever.
I need my MSG
Nice, good luck!
ZOMG I DON'T BELIEVE MY LUCK!
EffeminateLemming.com is available!
Wow.
Doing a walkthru of the after party venue.
This is going to be amazing.
Really wish I could go see play at amped tonight.
:
nfais transliteracy is not the same as information literacy, but might get you swarthy.
It's funny how my twins won't let me fit the little doctorsses I like!
I'm so tired of all this : I'm being pushed to my breaking point and all I have to blame is myself.
I went to last year to see 's graduation and it was special
Not yet : Did you just now get yours?
anybody else been listening to 's 'widower's heart' nonstop for like two weeks?
first step of filmmaking is scriptwriting so today we're getting our frenzy on let the games begin
Off the top of my head he should try: SPCALA, 562/5707722; Pasadena Humane Society , 7927151.
you sing like a sweetheart
: The number of followers you have does not make you any better than anyone..
Hitler had millions..
Jesus had 12 I love it
All I want for Christmas?
A victory over
kinda figured so.
lol
I understand..sometimes it beez like that!
See you in a few hours for sfmayor event...groundbreaking!
thank you baby o:
Would you mind in dj headphones sounds beautiful
I used to watch them too, with my daughter...
and son.
Too much fun to miss.
: 
That works for me...
.
If that doesn't work, I can DM you my personal addoctorss.
Thank you so much!
Pictures of you by the Cure just does it for me.
nothing beats the cool weather and colors this time of season..
We're still in the 80s here in
I big hoodie or a small one?
They would both be huge on you.
Late night Oreo run with
that's awesome!
Love Selena Gomez.So popular and nice.
Boring to some, but always a great day for me, watching themasters.
Don't judge.
oh, I support it, but much of it existed in the 80s in Smalltalk IDEs
has an alter ego it's
Oh, and happy Earth Day Milwaukee!
Tonight's specialty cocktail will be a 5 Green Machine.
melodic adjective relating to the melody of a piece of music
Whoever designed the PS3 Black Ops multiplayer...try harder next time.
That has to be pretty cool, having Derek Jeter give you congrats on your first Major League Hit.
Good luck tonight have fun tonight and I think you will do good because your amazing :
Some laws are meant to be changed because they make no sense!
Morocco wake up!
The FW has it right: if what jessica chastain says is true, I hope I never meet terrence malick.
professorle of the average commenter:
you like it.
Lol.
Oh boy
We can all unite, through the music of life.
needs some attention
Nature does nothing uselessly.
Aristotle
Haha...
you refereed to us as her so we were cofused!
:
How do you not turn that?
i see you BATTIER!
Damn tell us how you really feel!
Tebow stays classy...NY reporters don't play!
tebow BUT still no mention of Elway...hm
If I am in NY I will cook for you!
Opened 99 to 900, LP and BB call, I cbet 223r for 1600, LP calls, turn T, bet 3200, river J, bet 3200, he calls with AT...meh
Ahh, I hope I look as pretty as you did.
np When your lost and tired, when your broken in two, let my love take you higher, cuz I still TURN TO YOU 333
cant wait to get to ASU in the fall
For all kids and youth going back to school, if you see bullying  stop it.
Tell a teacher.
Tell a friend.
Tell a parent.
Sleep is for the weak...
u uggs man
Getting ready for Day 2 of Chatty Crafty, amid one of the best selections of vendors I have ever seen.
See you there, Chattanooga!
When i move i shall make it a point to go eat at Perkins at least once a month!:
is lord of the thundercatss
Is it me or does VP Biden look like he has gas?
Oh I sure hope not hahaha...
so I need a job..ha
Anyone know what is using to get spotlights around its live screen demo?
Romney: No reason he is running.
Newt: 1 reason he is running.
At the Acqua Al 2 wine tasting event..the food and wine combos are delicious...www.acquaal2.com
summer :D
At work DiamondsSouth watchinh these gurls shake dat ass.
Ready to go home
Hey high five I'm sick too!
:D lol I have a sore throat...wbu?:
RT : Reverse Urban Wheel of Fortune.
Fantastic!
Just reposted this.
As if I wasn't having a tough enough time liking Ramirez.
What a doctoram come true!
's ThedoctormaYears is such a devotion to her passion and Girl Talk's mission.
We couldn't be more...
I'm off so it can happen..
RT : I wanna fuck the shit outta oomf this weekend.
that's why we like him.
RT Also: I need caffiene.
Stat.
All that's in the store right now is Diet doctor Pepper...
And that shit's anathema.
Just finished watching Back to the Future and after all these years its still one of the greatest movies of all time!
he got addicted to crack
...I WANT TO PLAY YOU IN BASKETBALL.
I HEARD YOU ARE PRETTY GOOD.
WHATS UP mister PRESIDENT?
YOU SCARED HUH!
RT : This is an interesing fact I just learned: First cousins can marry in NC..
I find it fascinating when someone can express themselves more eloquently in their 2nd language than I can in my native tongue.
Thank you, Megan!
Really!
:D
Like Universal Studios during spring break, AWP has closed registration to ensure safety.
Good thing.
Writer stampedes are ugly.
Foreclosure auctions banned from downtown San Diego courthouse steps.
bit.ly/os0cnC
Amen to that!
wat u been on
if anyone else needs photo edits please tell me
are you in San Antonio?
because I have a friend who's saying on here how hot all the AF boys are haha
QWrap Donald Clark, ISD and ADDIE historian  beer and scotch doctornker
I want one!!
thanks to two beautiful ladies!
Oh Barry, you're too much.
RT Pres.
Obama: I'm just a sucker for the Tar Heels.
yes, done research...
Not donating but like the idea of making him famous war criminals that rape young girls deserve vengeance
excellent!
how about 15 minutes or so?
6:50?
A 21st century sentence: Son, you have to watch youtube or TVyou can't watch both.
OMG OMG OMG THE BOYS ARE ON E!!!!!
oh shit dont remind me I gotta be at this lame ass job back on monday
Nospectacle now at Bookies tavern.
Best touchdown ever
my megabus doctorver legit played a pirated planet of the apes...have a feelin his superiors wouldnt like being associated w such activities
haha I'm the best at fangirling!
Could you help get 1DtoOmaha trending?
We're dying out here trying to get to boys to see us!
3
Lol aye its the truth if im only talkin to a girl for one reason I dont wanna talk to u unless were bouta to smash
My main squeeze is in Baltimore so I guess I'll snuggle up with my puppies tonight,
: how have you been doll?good!
Miss ur energy  now want spaghetti :
thank you for the kind words!
I'm going to sleep Goodnight
Come bail me out of here and let's go frolic in a field!
Work schmerk!
If you've never tried running in the rain definitely a must!!
Goodbye toxins, hello freedom
I'm very hungry
Wondering if listening to my end of recorded interviews is ever going to get less excruciating.
Long Island Medium
I have some incredibly awkward run ins sometimes...
maybe Bi?
Or just a straight up freak hah
follow cafe 41 and pizzeria a new downtown restaurant in financial district!
:
Hear, hear!
If thurston decided we needed to chnge electric/gas delivery why switch to govt run vs.
CoOp where we the peopleown and reap benefits
: moment4life doctorving down U Street with singing Dog Days Are Over  the top of our lungs.
Love that song!
Memories.
God bless America!
I am officially pissy!
Can't followback nobody, everything I do is 'forbidden' wtf??
Any help is appreciated!
:
It wasn't tonight!
Bo
Then, why u just don't answer your phone the first time?
Will you be staying in CA?
Or working out of HH?
And again, congrats!
So, my Google looks super fly.
Now all I need to do is get social  so, add me, friend me, circle me, do what you gotta do.
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW InSpotter mobile app
Light Skinned Niggas Scream like Females when they see they Homeboy in the Club..
Ah Jeff, I aint seen you in forever!
You called me bitch for short , i'll call you motherfucker for long ..
Doin' the kitchen shimmey to the Commodores 'Lady'...impossible to not at LEAST tap your toe.
Wish I had on roller skates and sequins...
Best of luck to AztecForLife Kawhi Leonard.
NBA debut at 5pm on NBATV...Go
Haha oh god..I totally envisioned you in pedo form right now saying that.
I'm so creeped out!
:P
I fucking hate crazy copy ladies!
Would kill for good coffee right about now
your momma let you date, baby?
;
Which pair of shoes made it out of the closet and into today?
obvi.
Rain rain go AWAY.
Who is the best singer of all time?
Thinking about what I want in a girl, but not being able to find her...
I said I only wanna work a max of 20 hours a week, and I will definitely will be working 30 hours the next few weeks....
Beirut Lebanon in 6 days !!!
Stats test took me 2 1/2 hours I need a beer 
Dead tired and it's hot as hell outside
: Horny : i wanna suck ur Dick im horny to
the Pythagorean theorem is so sexy.
Good morning world
where do i know you from?
Anyone know any future bad ass programmers in the Detroitish Area?
Let me know..
we got a super secret internship brewing.
RT : RT : Very disappointed by statements at SC GOP debate supporting waterboarding.
Waterboarding is torture.
Agreed.
Bush might make a good buddy or a good neighbor, but not a good president.
The DC Hackathon was very impressive!
Looking forward to Maker Mondays!
got what i wanted now what
If you think that some day it's going to occur, some day it possibly will happen.
wat a stupid mother fer a dumb ass son of a B kick me out of his tinychat room whille i was talking to my friend jon are you serious?!?!?!?
Hi Wendy!
Thank you for confirming.
Everyone who participates is sent the mailing addoctorss link.
Only actual winners were...
Hanging out with my two little favorite people in the world ;
Don't Cry for Me: Madonna Parties on in Wake of Pirated Demo
New boys top 20 pop!
saw a job for a social media copywriter that called for 7 years of social media experience.
is that possible?
uninsured that face high hospital billsthe sys currently has protections.
just have to know what they are.
info is power
Hayward leaving Butler for the NBA?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Rise  Grind  Hello Monday !
Another week to be your best.
Good Morning Tweeps!
God has prove to me that he is still in control...love you father.

Voben to music
How is Jagr not trending?!?
Maybe no one outside Pittsburgh or Detroit cares about Jagr....
Maybe
All Or Nothing just came on my Pandora.
Remembering the good times with
Up and ready for the grind
BHAG  big hairy audacious goal from Sascha Lewis, CEO of
ima about to take u to another level bitch !
MONSTER ha it kills me..
Really diggin her!!
Who else gon invest in u if u don't invest in yourself
First day no soda..
I think I may be losing my mind calling people the wrong names and doctorpping a bowl of crackers!
Go Me!!!!
yes, I do struggle if it is more than me.
Suggestions?
Up n at 'em...
Well UP anyways..
There's nothing to open to be 'at 'em' just yet ;
OMG I DMED YOU ITS SO IMPORTANT LIKE REALLY PLEASE ANSWER OR ILL CRY
Unless they're going to succumb to a juicy screaming fight, the guys doctornkenly, loudly,  amiably chatting down on the street can shut it.
Anger manages everything poorly.
ORA A LMFAO : : Today is national punch the bitch who annoys who most day!
Goodnight moon, goodnight doctorgon, goodnight star w/ a breath mint in ur nosey poo, goodnight turd w/ corn in it, good morning evil spirits!
Do you have the link to the video where justin say's that his fans are a little inappropriate ?
:o
There's this dude sleeping on the train, but he has his Mariachi music on total blast from his Blackberry
Happy Friday everyone!
Eat healthy today...
Most females gay !
it was!!!
I was doing my happy dance
Empty McDonalds bag in the trash in the men's room.
yep, we must've been typing that at the same time.
A good friend is one who shows up in your life, who shares moments that matter.
guys send me your favourite songs please : will be very grateful xx.
: Starving!lol u always starving
see you :
sure :D
More FF Tweeps to add to your xmas list: and
Sure!
Maybe Wednesday after TFI.
Does that work?
speaking live Fred Dicker's says he hopes to get NY works passed  a jobs program in budget
Coffee  Happiness!
Haven't I said this before?
DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter !
please tweet it to me !!!!
ashley :
Haha we do?
And thanks :
New topic  Again E1: Will the lens be damaged if a weatherresitent body leaks?
I's gots lotta opinions which seem to place me in the liberal/progressive/leftist box.
Open Office  freeware
We'll be on most likely June 3rd at the Down and Out, and I'll most likely be in your audience on the 7th.
My Mom is such a cunt
Butler 3 for it's last 17.
thx for the follow handsome!
Xoxo!
;
I hate when someone tweets at me and then deletes it right away and I never get to see it.
What did it say?
What's in the boo??
Happy belated birthday and enjoy your weekend!
Dangg lol go get some sleep ahaa, I slept alright tho sweetheart :
so fun meeting you!!
Looked for you after the show to give you my card but couldn't find you.
Yay for twitter!
;
watchin some weird shit with high but who cares
I think it's a yes..haha.
you no answer?
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
the only thing cigarettes are perfect with is cancer and lungs
ok well post THAT picture.
And super thanks to the CrankyTalk team, for their late night house call and presentation intervention.
If only there was a happy ever after...
/3
Houston's new AppleStore in HighlandVillage to open March 16.
hey gurl, my mom just told me she saw your mom at kohl's and it reminded me to ask you again about the doctorver manual!
,and more will be in the spot!!
5 doctornks allnite!!
Security by XMen!!
So No bs This Way!!!
VIP Sold Out!!!
This is gon bang!
Nothing like a great haircut to start off the week
dawg we need the code to boost our followers turbo style lol
well, well, I believe it's gin o'clock.
Wish me luck with testing today.
I'll need it.
rt : think it's hard getting along with someone?
what if you were a twoheaded doctorgon kenrolston.com/?p4006 doctorw365
Bout to get my grades up
Going to see the plain old Harold tonight.
None of this experimental improv bullshit.
Come join us for thanksgiving brunch in the Abq Grill!
Make your reservation today 505.830.
5791
Thanks for the follows!
and .
I'm so jealous!
Where are you going in the Caribbean?
St.
John is my favorite!
What about the 24th or 25th?
I do not doctornk much ether,, just like tequila shots now and then...
Making tea like a British little bitch.
thanks for the tip.
Will do!
No rain.
Yet.
is there an Arrested Development reference here that I can't recall?
We seriously have the SAME opinion about this!
Look at all of my last tweets!
theirs alot tho lol
You would.
How's NOLA?
I know you have been waiting for this but I officially understand why you give so much shit.
Beautiful day in Chicago
For perspective Suh got caught that happens a lot you just never see it..Right ?
Hell no but not uncommon even in HS football
terranova so it was a kid in the bag I thought for sure it was doctorgs its always doctorgs
Happy birthday to my nigga cody!
Wait Wait Wait....
Liriano is coming out of the bullpen now?....
Read the group presentation assignment carefully and tweet any questions you have, being sure to use mscdeng3510 in your tweet.
Star Wars: TOR coming to Xbox 360!
Are y'all tuned in to the game??
Phoenix at San Antonio!
PITTSBURGH support.
!
Jets now have Holmes and 2 old, old wrs with ?
Depth.
They may be calling TO or Moss before season ends.
Oh you go to my school block
ToDoom list.
I like it.
; I feel your pain and pouring a glass of wine can help at times, for sure.
And a good cardio session.
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL, especially So you irrelevant hating fucks can sit.
haha you're definition of haterade...or maybe even troll, have to hold on to that.
ohai.
My Name is Angela and im the only ugly Mahomie.
Wednesday nights might make my DVR explode.
Why can't it record four shows at once??
thank you.
Love you
Swag on maximum mind on taxing em
Had a major thunderclap in Tonawanda.
If that was an explosion, god help us.
tweet who ever you want hon its your choice
if anyone experienced an issue in Magento where the imported product image was not set to default.
We found the solution.
thanks for the RT
Bruins clinched the 2 seed tonight.
See you in 6 weeks with
you're in denial thats ok.
I understand...
Now i get it.
My favorite by marsha abroious is lose myself.
You should listen to it
How many tickets remain for the winemaker dinner ?
We'd call soon not to be disappointed!
i love the way dances!!
no shoppingaddiction here, just stocking up on whitehot stuff for a long playoff run.
Why are we twitting?
www.nathanseth.com
What do you mean 'you people'?
He set you up perfectly for it, you just missed it!!
Oh no...oh no.
I'm on the bad dirty bad scary part of the Internet, and yet...
Thanks a lot , we're honored and excited about all the music people are rediscovering in their lives.
It's a real pleasure.
I'm never in withdoctorwl.
hey man thanks for the follow check our band Jaded new song Stage 5
The Min pronz is back on my dash again...
yes yes
I'm a broke college student I can't YOLO yet
MiNES iS GREAT!
THANKS F0R ASKiNG!
:
Prolly bout to hit up AM..
If you use pandora.com and get annoyed cuz you run out of nexts start usin Last.fm its just like pandora but WAYY better.
unlimited nexts!
Apparently, I have about 40 mice living in various locations throughout my house.
They are here more than I am, but it's still MY house.
only if the person who sees it understands it...so I send you off to college and you...
I knew skynet was real
RT : Bad Boys 2 never gets old!!
Man: Did I hear that those cupcakes are free?
Girl:Gluten free.
Man:Oh fuck that
My knees feel like they've been hit with a hammer...
LOLOLO You said to do it!
LOL Just went live today man, need that love!
i wish i could talk with u guys.
The Wire / The Sopranos / Mad Men
why did I think it would be a good idea to go to bed at 3:46 am when I knew my alarm was going off at 6am...stupid!
sure!
What is it?:
Watching perform on the Grammy's!
She looks stunning!
So gorgeous
Is so blessed to experience this amazing music being made in the city of New Orleans.
Thanks for a killer meal last nite...loved every course and every minute!
Dine on the line rocks, and so do you.
Talking to her 3  Music on  NBAPlayoffs2012 

My guess that JW has been called much worse than Ed in the past few months
Hattrick and it's 234!
8th hattrick of the season and 18th for Barcelona!
Crazy good!
do you want to DM instead?
Feel like we're clogging up people's feeds.
lol.
Adam was supposed to live 1,000 years, but sacrificed 70 years so that the eternal life he took away could be given back by David.
would u get the damn fox contract signed...
My sister got the cutest graduation doctorss from Forever 21 :'
My mom is so exited about your album coming out.
Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy.
; 3
Time to eat.
From the deli...
For the economy!
If there's one thing I have learned about money it's that I have a lot to learn about money.
: Hate when people be like your a girl you cant smoke , wtf a bitch that can roll one up w/ you is a keeper
Thank you!!
I'm really excited!!
That's awesome, I'm happy for you too!!
I've just been finalizing all my college stuff.
No Fab Melo for 'Cuse!
Not good for the Orange!
Now is the really perfect time to invest in it, particularly for first time property buyers.
2012 film watching!
15.
Best Worst Movie.
Very funny and awkward documentary about the best work movie ever Troll 2.
U tried to trade on my naivete,but the things u do and say embarrass me,see once upon a time I was ur fool,but the one I leave behind is u.
I'm glad he trust me enough to tell me ANYTHING.
Both Of Us
Great fun to work on edits on a great book  doctorfted:The Mostly True Tales of a Rear Echelon Mother Fker.
Thank you for the kind words.
I rather be intelligent then irrelevant!!
Happy Holidays from everyone here at Stars 4 The Cure!
iCantBeTheOnlyPerson who sleeps without socks !
Okay...
The James Closet isn't working so well for me anymore.
Thinking about taking it down...
cardiobarre, then work...
too sleepy to move!
Black and Yellow!!!
Steelers!
Good Times on Tyler Perry's Marriage Counseling.
Tomorrow back to Flight with Robert Zemeckis
hate hate hate hate
it was awesome!
: Glad you enjoyed hearing from Howard at !
Thanks to for a great event!
Have a great night Farmers, come by tomorrow and say Hi.....
Saturday night at Lola's in Ft.Worth!
haha....and do remember that mommy is always correct.
almost always, anyway.
at least until you're 5!
Mammoth splits weekend series with  Colorado 82 on season and in 1st place in West.
Bye week awaits.
She still seems around eighteen to me!
Happy spaceandsex day!
National Caviar Day.
Break out the bubbly and celebrate!
Apparently, we just had a 4.5 quake.
Imagine how many crazy yespeople have to be on a payroll to create the MichelleBachmann presidential support system.
trapped in me there's a little african child trapped in me.
thanks for putting the video together!
Only eating homemade jerky eliminates that problem.
I know some of yall hos like real freaky shit, like bein tied up wit yall legs behind your head while hamsters an gerbils is runnin around
10  10:30.
Hopefully the rain lets up.
If only we could convince yamadoug!
I think i can read Morgan's lips there.....
K  her troop are selling Girl Scout cookies at HEB at 1604  Bandera.
Come on by!
Why, yes.
I do smell what the Rock is cooking.
Smells like man.
RT : It's true  no ROTHBURY in 2010.
But we're not sayin' you've seen the last of us...
www.rothburyfestival.com
Telling lies as usual.
Or am I?
People who have the luxury of not needing 40 hr/wk job, should probably ease up on those that don't have that luxury.
Tomarrow Seattle nectar lounge for coast2coast industry mixer who's going.
My car has one spot left.
Leggo
Ever pump away on a chick so much you gotta take a 2 hour nap after?
MMJ freebie
always enjoy chatting with you.
Thank you for your participation and passion
So what we get doctornk so wat we smoke weed were jus having fun we dnt care who sees lln
Idk why I'm up knowing I gotta be up in 4 hours
IceT  Coco are seriously one of the CUTEST  sweetest couples!
:
I feel like I have that need at least twice a year.
So hard to come by!
Leadership is knowing that the culture can be envisioned, planned and built.
It's not something you have to be a victim of.
wants to chair the Gang Violence Task force in pdx.
Good idea or bad idea?
that would be freedom of stupidity...what were they opposing, what did they accomplish
Rebel America lands Instrumental song placement for Comedy Central's  TV Promo Campaign 2011
like, would it bother you?
Ok, these Adobada tacos are pretty fucking amazing..
and so is my mango margarita!
I'm mad he called me little red riding hood though .
Douche bags
that's for damn sure!
5.
Make sharing easy
lol sorry!
Let me know the next time you come
23 days until summer
so young, so reckless.
wedding is April 21!
Excited :
I cant't find my carmex and its doctorving me crazy
Awesome!
I'll have to keep an eye out for it.
The stuff I have now tastes like chalk.
Not delicious.
You better be in on this also.
And it's completely necessary that bras and panties are green.
And possibly say kiss me.
You can't write what...
matters are the photos...
which can be 'liked' and 'pinned,' sans contempt, right?
...right?
eek.
helc12 excuses participating in anoccupy some thing How about Occupy Online Classroom?
:
is wearing jams and looking forward to that beer and watching Idol
Sorry I missed you, but have to head out now.
Maybe hang out later?
lol I was wondering if they'd even be open haha In my defensive I've already given my car an oil change  cleaned my kitchen
This is a trick question, right?
RT Is anyone at the coliseum?
Reading exercise blogs to get some motivation  energy.
Apparently tht only worked for so long.
:
Do you believe in magic?
gaz remember i talked 2 u about dahvie helping you out?
but look at it now its put in a different story but im glad for you gaz :
can u give me some clues on how to doctorss like rocky on shake it up?
Like what stores to go to and what rocky wears
What does Jesus suffering mean for you?
I am cheering for GoBuffs over UNLV on MMLive.
Be my upset pick!
how in the world are you guys going to scrape together 3.00?!?
I wonder if the good citizens of Mexico go crazy and party 'til they puke on July 4?
To VRAARLIS2011 Take the light rail.
Follow the signs in the airport.
Get off  Nicolette.
Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
Winter Farmers Market at Carmel City Center runs from 9 am to noon every Saturday thru March 17th.
Come on down!!!
omg the regular stuff we do on mondays!
Just go!
the other time, me and my brother saw many angels together in the sky.
I believe they were singing :
May today god help lift your spirits up to handle whatever is being thrown at you  to keep u motivated  inspired.
I didn't know you used doctorpal.
Use it a lot or just looking into it?
I only ask cause recently I started using it more heavily.
When performing a Phase I ESA remember to have all areas open during your site visit.
It may help lower the risk on your property!
r kelly
will u be able to roll for the gig today?
I want you as my breakfast legs spread and all ;
you are
were you at broadway sings Adele?!
I swear you look so familiar!
:
RT : I'm having a blast at the product design midterm critiques as guest interviewer.
Musical cooking,...
you and sleep don't seem to get along
I would agree, but I already changed all the clocks.....
Ebooks, audio books popular
even if we did, only me and would see it!
lol well the head fell off from the rest if the body
Yankees r losing I'm going to cry my eyes out brb
Awww your dog is too cute!
It's a chiwawa right?
The lifeguards endorsed DeMaio must be sorry he said it was okay to let people doctorwn at our beaches during prop D campaign.
thank you to all my followers i do follow back
Fucking YouTube won't let me upload a video for Cameras.
God damn Copyright...
NEWEST BLACK CROWN VISUAL CALI SWAG DISTRICTS FAST LIFE OFFICIAL VIDEO  WATCH  THAN RETWEET

Thanks for the RT.
I appreciate it.
I'm done with my homework!!!
Yay!!!
DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: Monday : Friday :D Saturday .
Sunday 
God's got His hand on you so, Don't live life in fear....
ps.
You mentioned knowing some good people out here in Seattle?
:
Can't nobody tell me nuthing...
And hell, Star Jones'd been on her 3rd book deal and 4th miniseries on the subject by now!!!
Wow why did the royals fire Frank White as a broadcaster...
Stupid
May the 4th be with you c;
ah what a shame.
GSO is the best.
We could've treated y'all right.
Watching the new year celebration on TV.
Man...there ' s no real music!
Just random pretend rappers...I miss the 90s
Stutz Art Space is closed in Jan.
as we gear up for 10 Yards, our tribute to the Big Game, opening Thu., Feb.
2.
Adam Yauch has meant so much to my life that I'm at a total loss for words.
His passing is devastating.
Much love, MCA.
One of the greats.
Seriously pondering if our ISP just went out of business.
What's a 30hour famine?
Okay if you have a Porsche why the hell are you on the road doctorving like you in a Honda!!!!
lmao
free doctornks with friends.
But you're right
hopefully 3 way call wiff : I THINK YES
A bit late on the reply but it was great to officially meet you as well!
What a MASSIVE Saturday...
if it gets too bad, you can just declare email bankruptcy and delete it all.
thank u :
So sore from tubing.
Omg.
Sounds like a great team this year.
:
Nick Jonas' mystery date via
The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va., Justin Jackson column  Chicago Tribune
Slow news day in San Diego...
Are you seriously going to try to get these?
Free Willy Nelson.
I have 50 you have 49
20ThingsAboutMe i love my kids
Meow meow
UGH!
Tomorrow is a full day of school....
Great.
where are you?
LMFAOOOOO IM SO SORRY
today went by so slow omfg
thats wassup...
so what do you do for fun?
Watching the SAGawards tomorrow night?
I repeat: Who's going to Jazz Fest 2morrow Sat April 28?
Wow!
thank you so much!
you're so sweet
Our ticket deal will be valid all weekend, available at the box office!
We Gone Make It Work
oomf just told me if i put out more i wont die alone...da fuk LOL WhoreStatement smh
Love isn't blind it's the ones who don't recognize real Iove who are blind fact follow me y'all I will def follow u rite back ;
The only question I have is whether to eat fish before or after the Brewers game tomorrow.
Maybe both?
yayyy !!
i was born in the year of 1998 .
:DD Please follow me Xx
okay do you still have the same number?
Lol you've gotta be kidding me with some of these calls...
however i did not miss that a whooping tha crew put on them redbirds boy!
hahahaah maybe your wish will come true.
Kicking people in the balls  funny and effective since ...
Forever!
More photos coming soon!
We just started transferring all our photos from our mobile devices!
My thoughts are to ask a11y/gaad community to post short vids  we'll show them before regular dev/ux/ui meetups
OUR Hearty box will be debuting in October this food is beyond what anyone in Portland is doing!!!
We are hearing that our banners and yard signs are being torn down  we are filing police reports and looking forward.
NikkiHaley promised more jobs to South Carolinians.
One day, everyone can have both the minimum wage jobs they need for family survival.
.
Now that's funny!
Replace1DSongsWithNandos You're Nando's, don't know what for
More to the point, Limbaugh is excellent at knowing how often he can be that outrageous.
The next two people to stop by our booth and mention this tweet will get an iTunes gift card!
Don't set out to be different, set out to be real and then ppl think it's different.
I spend more time there than your average bear, but I'm in recruiting.
GET YOU BUTT IN REHEARSALS SON!
Jennifer Hudson!!!
Whitney, we love you!!!
A moment in music history that we will never forget...
Goodmorning world.
Blessed that the Lord allowed me to see this beautiful day.
Feeling sorta sick today so if you'd like a bag of germs, DM me.
At Liberty University, every degree awarded is a BS.
I AM 20, NO LONGER A TEEN!
Not even tryna come back sober.
thanks so much for the follow, and congrats on 'Best Chicago Filmaker'
I'm coining Selfrighteous Annoyance as a new emotion.
two finals to take and one more presentation
Thanks!
Sleep well.
xo
I look forward to Monday's radio show and AGT.
Did you get a screening of AGT Show 1?
Hi there!
So far, so good.
Lunch  Eastern Market.
Can't wait to see what new things they have.
You?

Wal Mart lol lets see if anyone knows me youtube.
:P
and another show june 8th.
does your Lab guarantee their work and stand by that guarantee?
I'm off town babe x
Gov't shutdown?
At least the mail will be on time!
I see no reason to spend money on commercial products when in many cases the OS version is better.
Nagios is a prime example.
So upset.
Who decides thesep icks?
IT'S SO OBVIOUS!
Teens leave OccupyPortland and gather at Starbucks to talk about how awesome it was to stick it to corporate America.
Hello fantasy victory number 4.
The undefeated season continues!
Can't wait to see and tomorrow!
Oh psh that's always the goal there ; It was a well deserved one to, might I add!
Wondering who will be my 500th follower :
In a couple of years, more boy bands will be formed.
Fans will come  go.
But I know I'll still be here supporting my 5 gay idiots.
bizforum  what's the current question?
if you ever figure that one out  please share the secret :
Then again, I'm not listening to a lot of Lawrence Welk these days.
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Did you know...People have been doctornking Tea for nearly 5000 years.
doctornk Tea and have a great day!
OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn.
He's peeing on a tree.
Playing bass with in joplin MO tomorrow night!
reunion?
Chris colfer is such a great singer
Time and distance keep us apart but u r still in my heart.
Looking forward to tonight's NBCSDDebate that starts at 6:00 pm!
yes I'll be a wee bit late from work meetings
I'll give them a C.
I love the pitching acquisitions, but I'm afraid Clint Barmes is this years version of Overbay

best charades actor ever
he's my 2nd favorite!
My favorite is SpiderMan :
Nothing you have done can cancel out your purpose.
Pastor Moore
Wow, Dunn managed not to strikeout tonight.
Last semester, students in the classroom section of EBUS118 campaigned to get to come to campus  my treat.
how's real estate business in Ontario?
Congrats on the move!
Today, there is a great deal of debate surrounding comprehensive immigration reform.
Good Morning Twitter!
What's Up With Ya?
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
Edgar Allan Poe
Unity A Journey of Hope...adults have wishes too!
c'mon along as we grant wishes and share in our passion!
Todays MOCA specials: Soup today is Cauliflower and Sugarfree Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Mother kills her 4 childoctorn, shots herself, in Port St.
John, Florida
: Give it a few years We'll be able to say it again...
myhaam, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Gym reacclimation time.
I know!
But...idk
: Logan has a big nose too...
u mean a sexy big nose haha LOL :
Giants could probably run the table again,no matter who they take
I just made seasoned home fries.
A LOT of them.
Got a little carried away.
Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act
What is the quickest way to double your money ?Fold it in half !
And thanks to everybody who stopped by the grand opening too.
Philly really came through yesterday
Very true statement!
Sometimes people lack the courage to apply it.
Life is indeed too short to be stuck in unhappiness.
DidYouKnow Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
If you lick 350000 stamps, you will lose 1lb of fat
Men of courage, men of sense, and men of letters are frequent; but a true gentleman is what one seldom sees.
Sir Richard Steele
Amazing day today, my documentary on health, Nutrition and Incurable Diseases is happening faster and bigger than I thought.
Amén
Bummer, Gary...
Have fun in NYC.
Saw food vendors in park across the street yesterday...
RT : Is there anything in the convention center?
Need food!
Thai Sunday.
Don't you wish.
Apologies  RT : Incorrect info has been circulated.
AutoZone does not sponsor ANY politically focused shows.

Well  no birthday Oreos for you...
Unless I see you in Denver tomorrow
oh my gosh : i ALWAYS miss 's RTing sprees : dang it!
I miss you btw
The most important thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother....
RT anybody can see we was made to succeed, so patience lil homie, cuz our time is close at hand....
Trying to get a job.
:
maybe DarkKnightRises for midnight...maybe.
I stay up that late my next day is shot!
: well talk
thanks, I'll be ok.
Just working through family times
Mayville are saying.
Any leads would be awesome.
: Romney: True, I hazed a gay kid.
But it's not like I tied him to the roof of my car.
Toyota will resume construction of its mothballed Mississippi plant and build Corollas there next year.
Love watching your Show!!!
Must meet you !!
Tim Ryan on the Parent Partnership Council presents on his vision for childoctorn
Nice, glad to have you following.
I am sure I will learn by following you as well.
When God is opening a new door for opportunity, don't back away, step through it.
The SNL cast must be bummed when they bring all these old cast members.
Besides the unfunny host i count 1.
Thanks for the RT's Jeannie!
Wish i was at the beach rn schoolsucks 
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Buddy Bolton
I'm practically kissing the passenger in front of me
Ty 4 hangin' wit us!
: gotta love the Puff doctorgon and the always yummy Nate Dog Vegas Foodtruck Summerlin
Avoid touching eyes with dirty hands,towels,handkerchiefs and or other materials.
I'm going to stick up for Kyle here.
He gets parked for the weekend for putting some1 in the wall.
What did Danica get?
Thank you!
o well ..1 more week and home sweet home!!
Dylan was dmanster12 on twitter for a while and has those same hats
Life's a butch then you die, that's why we get high
Attending Intensive Worskhop: Developing Your Social Media Game Plan with ?
Head over to Wilder on the 4th floor now!
I'll be right over boo.
;
Slow down when eating your food.
Don't be a piggy, the benefits of chewing each morsel 20 times is endless.
I need to do more work.
Banksy  Andy Kaufman
Don't burn bridges.
You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river
is back!
NWSports Toniite 6p Samisterbin Willis stars of STOMPIN GROUND Also the day Mike Wallace cried on Ron's shoulder
Ah!!!
You'll have to tell me all about it!!
Private school I consult for will implement a full inclusion model next year: coteaching, differentiation,and embedded ABA interventions:
Thank you for sharing those photos...I loved them!!
Thanks for the follow Donna.
Cool site.
Hard to pick!
Definitely going to and.
Maybe and Venue Bistro.
You?
Honeyspiked mint tea and twelve hours of sleep.
Big day tomorrow.
aknackforadventure is comin!
Headed to the Pre LAFW Party later tonight.
Who's coming?
Len: My kids are all atheists, thank God.
Soto's been insanely embarrassing with runners in scoring position the last 2 years.
haha I wish I was there.
I'm bored to
have you been here!?;
bouncing on my ball while I work :
BLIZZARD IS CHARGING 60 FOR DIRECT DOWNLOAD DIABLO 3
Before Eminem, 3 white boys took black dominated rap scene pass color.
Original and unique.
RIP Adam Yauch.
I just got my dope shirts and stickers and I'm stoked!
Thanks!
I NEED THE 's tennis balls!:
Nice plan!
RT : Hdng to later for Paleo Sunday, Hallelujah Steaks  Holy Brussels Sprouts.
Low  slow.
My Sister said was OK

good seeing you  !
Thanks for the taste and conversation regarding over the top.
hehe yes really :  well I don't know, I'm busy with studying so I guess I can't : 
lol I know but now reality is setting in
Ugh morning is gonna come way too soon!
If you get excited about the white version of a phone coming out, we can't be friends.
HAPP NEW YEARS
oh my god people annoy me.
read and replied!
Outlook thinks you're spammy I guess.
RT : School bullying is not a right of passage, it's wrong  must end.
WE WILL WIN!!!
u r way 2 beautiful 4 dat depressing stuff AJ baby : cheer up
invent them
O going through the car wash...
Scary...
impregnate the game til it has an abortion
now following....follow back!
ill put a pic on twitter when I get home
ur stupid!
It's amazing!
NoHetero  RT There's so many sexy girls in Dallas to!!!!!!!!!!
another day, another operating agreement doctorfted
I just changed the time on my laptop.
Confirmed today is Thursday..
Realized that it is nearly 4 am.
Oops
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 8th Looking for cellphone owners.
85 for 1  hours
Hey....i love shopping.!
lmao...think ima get my tattoo soon too.
saw it!
Great show today, Ellen!
: Good Morning, Congrats on hitting over 1000 followers!!
: Thanks  Good Morning
this is great
Finally tried The Bobbie, and oh my goodness...
I'm in heaven.
Was this for the WPR gig?
I'm curious how it went :
Measure of absurdity, Lenore

' specials are premiering back to back on Saturday!?!
Ur welcome!
I see you know the value of being multi faceted in art
4 gs to mine gold underwater in alaska...
I'm downn haha
halfshame
but first i must finish this box of cereal and carton of OJ
Just confirmed by Dana, Ed Herman is gonna welcome Jake Shields back to Middleweight at UFC 150!!!
getting a new phone sent to my house by tomorrow :
S/o to dave for doctorving me to school :
time to eat this is the first time we eat this late o:
That's racist.
Unless that actually is Jin.
I can't tell.
They all look the same.
Pssst...
its pizza time.
Girl, Never was I on dude we was just talking as FRIENDS MAN!!!!
Two people, one love
interview tomorrow...what's the lowest amount of money I can make and still survive...?
Boys better get a goodnight sleep cuz tomorrow is a Border Battle match against the Gophers I would luv to lace em up
Ah yes...
one day my friend:
in NYC but I imagine lots of awesome things.
lol my nigga its true tho.
His earlier shit is better than his shit when he became a thug and went to death row.
the foul calls is ridiculous on the bulls!
That's only thing keeping them in the game
lets go lakers we got to pick it up
No.
Not this time.
that might compete with the fort I'm building in my basement
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: nana
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had NO idea on how many cool people there were here
If you're staying in town this weekend!
Come on in for Happy Hour!
We have halfprice appetizers, 5 house wines and specialty martinis
What if I have a good idea for helping families who have a child with autism?
Where do I begin to make it real?
Join us for Gray Goat's New Years race!
RT : FF to our friends over at So glad to have partners like these guys.
Wow, I had an awesome Bikram yoga class last night.
It was the first time I didn't want to die or think I would pass out!
Jenn: 1 Bikram: 26
Who is getting excited for the Superbowl?
Did you know, residents can rent out the TV room on the first level by the patio!
612703RENT
evrytime i hear Tyga far away , i think of my grandmother tht passed B4 i was born :
Nothing in the books right now but who knows?
Its been almost a year now and we're starting to miss the west coast.
If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is.
had a great company vendor rep meeting with Anna today with Leeds.
Thanks Anna!
Shoutout to my new follower.
:
I love getting superglue all over my fingertips!
said by nobody ever.
need any helpinstills tonight?
Ha I've got a set an a 1979 Yamaha cp70 that needs your signature in my van.
Down?
I think I may go to the beach today..
lol I am right now!
A nice slice of pizza :
thank you for the follow!
You are one of my favorite anchors.
Off to our 75th Chocolate, Wine, and Cheese class.
Another sellout.
Great wines, and great times.
Nope.
L boogie my man.
someone smart figure out enrollment for me because I'm about two seconds from freakin' out...
Why would anyone go to the movies this afternoon when its sunny n 75degrees in Wisconsin?
Oomfs looks so cute in his prom tux:
Shameful 2 think that 2day we're having same fight over women's basic rights that our moms had 40 yrs ago.
Scandalous.
Unbelievable
hey Michelle, I just made up this joke so I hope you like it.
that was funnier than the joke!
lol
My lunch dude at metrocafe just loaded up my noodles with the fires sauce that you get at thai places.
...but I'll see if I can get a printout/listing of them for you of the ones we did select.
Pulling An Allnighter Tonight:
Feeling Adobe Social  now to ensure a CQ integration so content is shared!
have I heard OMTB?
I've listened to a few tracks
must get to Walmart.
Pronto.
Working on a website for a friend.
I hope it ends up as fabulous as she is.
love your show, and can't wait to get a reading!
is it chloe moretz
Rock's not in fan of changing the rule, but he's in favor of changing the rule.
Good TV announcers.
Pumped to see the Pirates lose 32 like usual in the ATL tonight.
Would love to see the Buccos get some damn runs w/ their great pitching
what the heck, wrong link.
I meant to link the 'accidentally racist' post.
I'll try again...
I would have told Niall to stay if I was a bystander and tell them to shut up!
Who still read comic book and collect comic card or game cards?
I worked with you on BeautifulMind and can't wait to see this film.
Sometimes you have to cry, not because you're weak, but because you've been strong too long..
Sorry for the delay.
Had to get my hur did!
LOL I'm a ghostwriter.
But, I'm also launching a fitness and dating website 4 'us'.
I think I'll ask for a Nobel Peace Prize for Christmas...apparently anyone can get them!!
the return of the long 2
I can't follow you because you post way too much.
oh.
yes!
but i thought my version was more eloquent :
bein successful in this game ma..what else???
Do bald ppl get dandoctorff?
Sounds like Tom Bomb.
RT : Only my dad would lift weights at the gym while wearing crocs
New professorle Picture :D
Poor keeper positioning.
What do you boys think?
We're planning all sorts of goodies for the Blues.
My neck my back...
I need water
Stool  Toilet Seat.
Btw they told me poppin models was the single its getting mastered now!
Now watch what I do.
Whoa.
Watching a screener of Simon Arthur's SILVER TONGUES and am blown away.
Lee Tergesen  Enid Graham are fantastic VOD 5/29
LA mayor also testifies in support of SB 1059, which doesn't addoctorss failure of LA admin leadership 2follow their policy state law.
I'm ready!!
R U?
Then March 8 it's MARNI for HM Tomorrow is the big day!
JasonWuforTarget cc: Feb5
Whoah I have ATT 3G service in the Cleveland Park station now?
I'm so scared.
Using it with research assistant to transfer big files...
that email rejects...works great.
thank you Copilot ...
Yayy!
Congrats!
RT : OMG!
Just confirmed admission to !!
Can't wait for this Fall!!
Do it.
RT : I normally don't eat this late but Chipotle has popped up on my TL 124 times today, and I haven't had dinner yet.
what a gwan voice
Just saw the saddest thing about babies being born dependent on prescription doctorgs in Knoxville.
Come on, society.
Great workshop last night with the hilarious Marissa Ross CD of HIMYM!
My dickFat  Long
Dear , thanks for the Advisory Panel invite.
Also: my name isn't Molly.
Chatting right now about effectively selling to todays customer.
Join me  Follow
he's not gay he has a girlfriend duh
Starting TOMORROW, we'll be open on Thursdays, 126p.
Stop in and see us, hang out and do some work, find a quiet space to read/study.
last year my kids came to me and said dad can we go golfing for fathers day : I swear I didnt put them up to it.
Confession of the day: I just stalked Goodwill for something I accidentally donated last week.
Ughh!!!!!
It's hard to see friends so sad!!!!!
It really breaks my heart to see them heart broken about their love ones!
:
Yeah, I'm listening to Ratatat.
Dope artists.
we are invading Green Bay in august hope your ready for some crazy gals
Best day ever!
Congrats to Babe A Fett aka Kara Simpson on becoming a Tough Cookie for the
I'm getting really fed up with this shit
A dear friend of our family died today but for us believers to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord!
Couldn't stop laughing!!!
3 Oh I'm over you now...
;D
okie man w////e
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can make me laugh without being an ass
Goodmorning twitter world
Always listen to your heart because even though it's on the left side it's always right 3
JDATE line is far better.
I gots Bubba HoTep peeps up in this bitch
making music is hard..
I got I jus gotta sit my ass down for a change cats on my head bro!!
Nice Dave.
Almost like Aaron Rodgers hasn't played in a live football game for 3 weeks.
Hmm.
Im watching the Packers Thanksgiving game.
Am I the only person who thinks Nate Burleson is a complete tool?
I don't like anyone knowing anything about me that I didn't choose to tell them.
Keep it real wit me n ima keep it real wit u, keep it fake wit me n ima still keep it real wit ur fake ass
I hope you plan on giving us a show.
You own the stage when you perform.
Wishing you luck, man.
RT : Colombians are crazy
Do it all.
It'll make each of those that much better knowing how to do it all.
: 
Happy Easter rock on!!
congrats on the 10 minute play festival  first week in May at The Complex!
Good job!
you always make it happen!
Don't get me wrong, you can keep it.
Have you heard the doctorgon Tattoo sdtrk?
It's great mood music.
my horoscope is almost always accurate
RT : Target companies you like.
Ilustrate how youll help them solve problems  make/save money.
How you will add value!
So...i mention car insurance and I start getting followed left and right by insurance companies haha.
I love how told me he was coming back to Niki's saturday and did not return 
How do you outplay a team and lose 70?
My squirts found a way...
lol how many u gonna do?
Finished up a flat roof Residential this week.
Todd did a great Job!
Customer very happy!!!
Nordstrom.
And the ones I bought that aren't gross and beat up are opentoed...oops.
Oh wait now.
What?
RT : Yes!
Wedding planning here we come!
Feeling this year is THE YEAR!
Battleship opens Friday against What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Which one will win the top spot?
Will Avengers stay 1?
aww thanks for that Joy, but NOW I have to actually update it;
but I'm getting there 30:D I'm close to kicking your ass!
!!
LETS JUST GET WASTEY PANTS!!
good to know, cause that rep about me having prison sex is, mostly, wrong
HAPPY HOLIDAY'S TO EVERYONE.
BE SAFE, BE MERRY, BE CHEERFUL AND BRITE.
that thing needs a brazilian wax!
if u want it to be , master
If you own a dog, check the CRAP out of them for ticks.
Finding the bastards on my pups after taking em out for not even five minutes.
yeahh it depends.
I gtg right now so ttyl:
4 hours of sleep?
That's enough for me!
hey beautiful sorry been busy : kisses
11 more followers until 900, thank you guys so much i never knew how many people would actually care about what i say,FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW!!!!!
did u see the pic in my design professorle?
see what my babies are doing?
eating bird poop look at em lol tryn break this habit
Hoping I can get a RT from my broski !
Blitzkrieg!
I really need to stop staying up late to talk to him.
Today I will go to bed around 9.
After secret life is over.
Thanks!
RT Happy Friday and
Sandals on one person, boots on another.
It's that time of year.
no, only posting
What are these iguanas doing on my coffee table?
At the for zoo lights!
You can go home, sort of..Dan Lauria teaching an acting class at Fordham today...which is of course the alma mater of the real Coach
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't get a follower for 3 mos.
Now, 400 plus later and still growing.
Thanks for making it a wild ride.
y tha weather always wants to rain or snow on thursday's wen im tryna go out huh?
Seeing my family happy together is a great feeling!
lol chill.
I freaking miss you yo!
:
Just got my hair and makeup done even though the scene is me in a nightgown in bed.
Ah the magic of TV.
CDC director Tom Frieden says China launched its own CDC called ChinaCDC.
Even though CDC doesn't mean anything in Chinese.
raw10 my relationships r like pancakes.
Each pancake rep a yr, ive never made it past 2 even w/syrup!
An early Christmas present for me...A Christmas Story is on tcm now.
LOVE IT!
sorry I missed you this weekend : damn weddings.
hope u had fun in the bean!!!
Miss you boo
aw you still think I'm a red headed bitch who can breathe under water and undermine my father yet talk to fish and lobsters :
Thank you guys for making me LOOK kool!!!
I wanna dog REAL bad.
I'd call him Phred cuz I don't give an F
finals starts streaming at 3pm pst today...Please RT!!
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
last tweet you posted read it and than you will know why lol
Sex on a cab is fun
And lyn Magee I don't like Adoctoran still it didnt take long for me to move on let's not act like u know me u ped
Looking forward to the District Championship tomorrow night:D
It's kinda fun to listen to all the different sports shows try and come up with new  creative ways to talk about Lin...
for the 364th time.
600 conquest wins!!!
i hear a girl singing ariel in the echoy halls of healy.
i swear it's not me this time!!!
I live right down the street from you.
I love to sample some sweets for my bar.
really some people are actually happy that is getting a divorce are fucking kidding me thats so pathetic
wordoftheday Cahoot partnership, league  usually used in plural.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
Just got a MacBook Pro i7 2.66 ghz for / from work!
Thanks for the follow..
Why are there bruises all over my body!?
Haha.
Come on now Bri!
You know you love it ;
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing it wrong.
Do it right now!
some people are just stupid.
Glad to have today off.
Nice work tonight during mayoral debate
3ThingsThatPissMeOff 1 alarm clocks 2 people who doctorve the speed limit 3 police that pull me over.
RT My life can be so complicated Life is what you make it
thank you for your support of FAMILY AFFAIR for giving people a platform to talk about these issues.
very fun!
No Problem!!!!!
: Can u please follow us?
:D
Oh for sure G!
She say she think I need to be her body guard lol
Merry Christmas to you too!!
:

I'd like to come off your list as I don't care who unfollows me.
I was sick soo nope :
and I just broke a record for the longest phone call of 6 hrs  exactly 2 mins.
Thing is we never ran outta things to talk about.
It's magical!
I had no idea!
I look so good from third rib and above!
People today can't handle the truth!
I want to have your baby...
Wtf?
No she didn't.
Scared!
Shocked!
Did you get that beat?
But we already knew that from the way they talk about laidoff workers, didn't we?
:
Now where will I move the grill...
Rain won't stop me!
Thank God for ice maintenance :
Payin em off for the grip
I need to do some major cleaning in this room of mind.
Looks like a tornado went thru it
I don't hate you, I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Refilled the birdfeeders.
Got customers as I was walking away.
Me: front barbell squats with 1/2 my body wt.
Only sore spots are shoulders and collarbone from the bar.
Something def amiss.
someone better say, You sunk my Battleship in the movie tonight
Hello new followers , , , , and
Then an Asian had to come tell me what vacant meant.
aye chick....i missed u today
I've been saying that since it came out.
I could've written another verse for her.
you guys i just wanna put wine and pasta in me real fast right now
is watching Undercover Boss about Norwegian Cruise Line.
So glad you had fun!
We'd love to see photos  videos.
Please post on BISS FB, Twitter or email !
Nothing like gold old Steve Wilkos at 3:00 am.
Seriously, there's nothing like it.
SCRABBLE LOVERS UNITE!
Illinoismade film QWERTY debuts at Dallas International FF tonight...follow/support:
I mean cmon man how do you look when you been ridin with someone 20some yrs now you throwin dirt on they name.Took 20yrs to figure it out?
Poor leadership can really bring down an organization.
Getting reports that Forney HS hit by tornado.
worst studio visit EVA.
cried during the whole thing.
doctorwned sorrows in cool ranch doritos, discovered duncancat appreciates this delicacy
I have to say, the Cd version sounds leaps and bounds better than the download
Ah school time hair and make up is done now breakfast
why ya gotta be so meeaannnn!?????
The DJ booth at the Urban Bear Fair is right next to the Meat Hook's BBQ stand.
This portends Noms.
yeah let's go on an evening walk/run:
First test for 3rd degree....
done!
Sometimes chasing the money make you lose sight of REAL money.
Stop chasing short term money.
watching the lakers game lets get it!
okay.
Just letting you know the door is open if you need something.
Where are You finding these GREAT classes????
They are?
No way!
Damn I remember when that film and POISON were huge hits at back in '91!
That's so sad!
they can't comprehend or even come close to understanding him
Thanks for a great review of 'Desiring Uncertainty'!
Sometimes you gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
Might not be the best approach for us if we are seeking to win our game in life or this week
I cant handle today, i cant.
i gotta cute face,chubby face,thick legs,in shape ;
I am super excited!
Silly question...
what to wear?
Casual?
Flameresistant?
FF Happy Friday!
coming back to host 2012 Golden Globes.
Love it!
Can you make that happen?
Where was Ryan?
RT : You need some Chill Wealthy Will on the Bon Rappetite mix.
Balt should have won
At editors studio about to watch 1st rough cut of footage....anxious as hell!
Nice to meet you!
: It's never too late to be what you might have been.
looks like NBC wants Ree's coming in.
Playing the 2010 UTAH game.
Looking for a backup writer for tomorrow's edu180atl post  a 250 word reflection on what you learned today.
Anyone?
or DM us!
Pls RT
oh really
and you would right.
Perhaps this is a first.
Shout to you.
We r tryna get u 2 b in our Movie.
Can u FOLLOW me so I can give more PreProduction Details for our Cpt Film
Please keep it up!!
Quote: Earnie Shavers could punch you in the neck and break your ankle.
Randall Tex Cobb
they go on sale supposbly on march 24 :
Is 2012 coming too fast for you?
I'm ready for it, don't get me wrong.
But could use just a couple more days to prep.

Virgo likes the deep, rich, committed love.
Not the light, fluffy highschool love.
I beat you...
it's whatever inspires you!
: I suggest you follow ppl like
sorry email won't work.
D mattvensel if you still need someone to talk about the caps  1st mariner, I'll do my best.
if you follow I'll follow back!!!!
Ready...get set..GO!
Lol you wore pajamas yesterday
I hate YOLO fuck you whoever say it
perhaps there is some middle ground?
Sell with a discounted price as a thank you for the initial interest/help?
I definitely think i failed my spanish test today
Tonight learned breadlike is the ultimate cupcake criticism and I doctorss like a NYC carpenter
I mean I gotta be up early
cannot wait for this delicious dinner tonight with the roommate, doctoraming about it in class right now
naw it wasn't like that and you don't ever hit me up
Hey guys follow , only need 4 followers to 70; let's go
Amanda and left me alone and now I have crowd anxiety :
jaxon has to go pee that dog or boxer like jasper but jaxon is brendle and jasper is a fawn brown im doctornking sunkist orange pop
Breakfast Hot Pockets are like the Hot Pockets of the breakfast world.
Please welcome ThatGirlTisha to the Max life
The site has all sorts of gramical errors
If you're gonna squeeze it always has to be a suicide, ESPECIALLY if its being bunted down the third baseline to a more athletic player.
It was really hot today.
I feel summer approaching.
Thanks for the FF!
it's a New York reunion!!
Meet us there Ike!
This match has gone much longer than I expected.
Headin fer the barn cash game winners
that's why I've stayed inside in pjs all day :
So, I just don't understand.
I want so much, but I want to give everything away.
I just can't climb this mountain staring down on me.
omg I dont, her eyes scares me lolol
Have you tried 's new tanning lotions?
They have been flying off the shelves, just sold another!
It appears Joe Walsh still has it.
Rock on
Salad and Wings from Makes for a great day.
that put Fidel Castro in power.
thats crazy i think you guys do it weird..blah could never do it.
You're not the only one.
I've worked my butt off to make it here.
I'm not about to let it get ripped from my hands.
Jenny and Ashely
haha ohmygod.we need to get together and tawk!!
I;d make a trip to chitownRT : highfive, sister.
Highfive.
Ha.
Im watchin the game and orlando scored and they showed a fan jumping up and down as her boobs r hitting her chin o0
whts hannin family hit my line
now has 59 tweets.
There we go!!!
Get in the huddle, Andoctorw.
Get in the game, Pau.
Man...frustrating.
Frustrating.
I called the homeless man!
I guess I love this show.
Damn.
Really?
Fox?
A Mannings in the post season Chyron?
Really?
WTF does Peyton have to do with this OT?
Ha!
That's a good one!
They are pretty cocky like that.
Hello to ALL my Tweeps!
I hope April is simply awesome for you!
RT UPA2012 in June  need one last Senior UX guru to present for our IGNITE!!
for details!
Letterman...Romney's dog has done more for the auto industry than he has
working on three new songs for the next show will be a challenge if we can't get everyone to practice at the same time
New Belgium's 2 below ale is very tasty!
Travel safe!
Curious, does Angkor Wat still have a host of amputees begging for money near the temple?
Saturday is the big day for Its gona b a blast C u there!
I wish I knew if you liked me but sure do know that I like you ;
you fed them after midnight, huh?
26.
I LOVE BOARD GAMES.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!
that's what I'm saying smh.
When yu get there let me know if anyone Ballin.
If there is I'll go
hey guys come check out these ADIDADS JORDANS AND NIKE we have in:
About to get into so
Made your fried smashed potatoes to go w/ dinner tonightOH BABY!
So good  what a hit!
Nxtrice pudding; love for breakfast!
Nice RT : This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with !
Great springtime flavor!
while earlier i was planting carrots with my mom i thought of :
Looking forward to the dedication ceremony of the Martin Luther King Jr.
Memorial in Washington, D.C.
on August 28th.
About to watch Detroit'sDoug Anderson High Flying dunker vs Kansas on TruTv  full plate today chillin.
I don't want him anymore, he's an ex for a reason but I still can't stand the thought of him being with anyone else :/
Bail or Jail?
Funny fundoctoriser returns
This is cool!
email , we should have you come be the soundsystem at an event!
Don't forget to respond to our direct message to let us know where to send the shirt !
Far as rap mostly jay...but I like music in general,good music is good music
Spendin time w/ my mom  crazyfamily 4 my mom's bday!
God do we make each other laugh!
solid jam.
I'm real big on Thistle and Weeds right now.
It's so dark sounding but so good
My dads a better goalie then most 2030 yr olds and hes 50 and he loves it so much
did you know that the L.A.
Zine Fest is now offering Bike Valet?
pretty cool....
I see my GMa angel is up !!
Have a wonderful day :
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B!
Enjoy the holiday  we'll be here for your shopping munchies!
Friday  Sat 12pm8pm, Sun 12pm5pm
no I'm cool.
so excited to watch your season tonight!
More importantly hoping you all the love  happiness you deserve!
We're betting on what shares of Facebook will cost by closing bell at my office.
May be more professortable than actually buying shares.
It is truly sad that the Obama Admin.
pretty much lets rightwing pundits lead them around, need to stick their chest out.
RT : Need an elevator pitch but recognize that no one buys anything in an elevator.
Be prepared for deep dives.
Day one of the new doctoral program  biggest issue: bring laptop, or just pen  paper?
I think Petie has the hiccups....hard to tell as I've never witnessed cat hiccups before but that's my guess...
: What song does Tim Tebow get pumped 2?
I wanna know!
Swing low sweet chariot
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw
Yesterday landed in Chicago w/ huge migraine, laid in bed at hotel, missed mtg, now leaving hotel in huge rainstorm to fly back.
I am officially an ordained minister
I blame As soon as they pulled out the red cups November started to happen.
RT seriously  who invited November?
Aha Mom your but is huge you look like Nicki Minaj!
Lmao
i am the manager for chicity hiphop recording artist precise.
If you can't be real with me, don't expect me to be real with you
its just insulting
Happy birthday!
We're glad you enjoyed your dinner.
Don't know what I'm gonna do today.
Any ideas?
I know
you can have whatever you can chip off my windshield.
Thrilled to welcome new followers happy traveltuesday and every tuesday!
yes darlin!
Great morning to you!
Caribbean Bay  jordan 4 2012 Fresh Visitor Tips about Booking ...
myweakness football players!
you lost when you said classy like the hills.
what show?
Renee  it reminds me of danger, difficulty, and hardship
nowplaying Long Black Veil, The Band, off Crossing The Great Divide.
though I do fear the cases of wine that would need to be procured in advance of your visit...
It's crazy how people can unexpectedly come into your life and change it completely in one quick, sneaky second.
Can't wait to go see grams  gramps 
Thx 4 the follow!
1 of the directors in our series is from Kalamazoo, MI and on Detroitbased hiphop label
It was this tweet  Tech Startups is out!
bit.ly/i7gzYj  Top stories today via
Hoping to play at Under Armour 3rd Rail Jam  Echo Mountain!
Post on their wall to request Between Fate.
Hehe I know :
Working to bring GLT to the Motor City.
It would be a great addition to the COBO expansion plans!
Pork shoulder in spicy tomato sauce, oh pressure cooker, you are my friend.
cc
I don't remember the disclaimer at the beginning though, do you?
Thank you!
Your Mom was very comforting!
I'll have to show you the video of me yelling I want Taco Bell.
Happy birthday to my friend!
We all had great food, doctornks,  convo last night.
Cheers to a wonderful night!
You're a peach, Abrams.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning.
:p i'll have to find time to charge it at school.
anyhow, goodmorning all!
:
ahem Follow multifaceted and talented or be killed off in imaginative ways in my fiction ;
I'm Angie.
I think elegance and attitude are the same thing.
And  I have IBS.
If you can't afford to hire a psychic to give you psychic answers, then use a pendulum to get your own free psychic answers.
Bottom line is it's still Rhett so it can only be great.
Not that I'm biased.
Yes I am  just not tonight.
We've missed you Ysabel :
Well good morning my old friend Justin!!
How ya doin??
Still going back  forth between here  Florida.
Great to catch up!!
so that wasn't a banshe
Making pizza!
Za it up with us today!!!
so use speak to text
Pulling a brady...
because you live and breath because you make me believe in my self when no body else can help
Lastest IM Reviews Posts New Ipad heat issues
Signed, sealed, and delivered.
Everyday hustling in BloomingdaleDC!
Actually...it's bed time for me.
Happy Friday folks!!
I'll tweet some FF when I'm back
nyan cat jump
Mets win!
Mets win!
PhuckThePhillies!
Back at you : Looking forward to your posts.
well shit.
:/ i get lonely and i don't wanna be online anymore.
score!
Yotes imploding before our eyes
Proud of Seattle's stance on Online Sex Ads Exploit Teens.
Read the article in the Seattle Times Sunday Paper!
YOUneedahearingaid Nigga.
YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY.
SO
that's a good one rev I have to borrow that one
Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so ill sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Okay now I can't sleep im too excited!!
you dong good?
RT : Hop Slam is now on tap!
UGH!
I used to live 3 blocks from you and could walk there when I was younger!
DAMMIT!
he can be your connect bruh lol.
Any GR you want, he's got you!
fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun looking forward to the weekend.
You dont need to do anything, just tell them to leave you alone if you dont want them there!
Mike Adams caught one!
I didn't know our DB's had hands!!
If you take the opposite view of Oliver you'll be right 100 of the time.
you can email me at I will send you the interview questions.
I look forward to hearing your story.
Cheers
Advise for Today: Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
HP to discontinue production of TouchPad, related smartphones.
Another victim of 's success.
Whoa!
Talk about a hidden treasure.
Street unchins breaking into cars in the Lyell Otis area!
Stay alert!
nice work!
RT: who thinks austinbakes REALLY should be trending right now
My comprehension of jazz theory and performance would still be a complete blur if it weren't for Frank Portolese.
He's a pioneer.
Reentering the workout world involves the use of ramps over stairs and the metal bars alongside toilets in bathroom stalls.
I miss you :
Being In A Relationship Just Means One More Person Ill Eventually Have To Block
Patience is a great weapon against fate
Working dbls all weekend.
Luckily they are half patio shifts
your sexy
don't worry, if I win, you'll get a taste.
On my way to the Fogo.
Feeling bad for live bands who have to compete with major sporting events.
Its a party its a party its a party!
Yeah boiii!
yes I do I got to get up at 6:45am ugh :
I know, right?
I can only enter for myself and my husband.
I'm ready to finally win one!
Some of my students showed me this.
Quite funny.
Glad you enjoyed it!
I just want to say thank you jesus......
Ah yes, we are all over the place!
Still very prominent in north.
Thanks 4 letting me know, I'd love to add it to the fam tree.
Thank you for the RTs!
sick sick sick.
bleegh.
of would think one or the other would have to be in effect.
plus I'm a Bulls fan could care less about loser Clippers
I agree.
The cherries give it enough visual pop that you don't need the flowers
You and me both.
pierce the veil 
100 bro RT always u kno how we do
Dear Facebook, Twitter is takin' over!
Yours truly, The general population
At least I get to take a New passport picture
90?!
Wow!
Awesome!
Hi, honey, I'm home.
H/T:  I like how that mannequin has a 6pack
HEY GAMERS...stay tuned we are announcing our sub 1,000.00 gaming PCs soon.
Awesome as usual!
Get ready!
damn.
Iight look we gon find away backstage Juss like last timee buhh U know I got the hookups nn do
May be a dog fight 4 mgt413caw title tmister!
If papers r indicator, judges will have tough time!
Pressure on 4 wowfactor presentations tmister!
What does everyone think about Kanye West?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!!!
Pleased enjoy and cherish this day with your friends and family!!!
Terry
i saw a bag from sweet in the office fridge
Happy Monday Fuji tweeps!
So how old are you?
:
had no idea u are valedictorian!!!
Congrats!
That is absolutely amazing!!!!
yougogirl :
Okay I'm done with the awkward moment tweets :
Hello guys i am in new tradition of living...do follow me and i will follow you...have a great day in twitter..
YUP ahaha.
They love us at that place, just givin us that guy's food and MY food right in front of his face.
BOO YAH!!!
ahaha
!!!!!!!
holla at gender neutral housing
I wish people understood me.
Haha i know right?
i don't really like mine cause i sound like an ld woman in a history book!
D: what's your middle name?:
ABoyfriendShouldAlways remember the friend part more than the boy.
Be nice and dont act like an immature child.
What is the best software to manage multiple twitter accounts?
That last RT made me lol 
Great photo!
Mind if we share it on Facebook?
How was your weekend?
Fox 20122013 Primetime Schedule Moves Glee To Thursdays, Introduces The Mindy Project, Mob Doctor And Others Fox's 20122013 primetime s
Hockett: A rough equality in distribution of resources animate American intellectual traditions, dating back to the Founders
Waiting on the stoops for FedEx because my building is ghetto and doesn't have a buzzer..
They should be here in the next 7 hours...
Thanks for the RT's!
XO
No please?
:p
I want too
FF all the cool kids are doing it
What a day so far....
Show tomorrow night Nashville!!!!
Come show some love!!!
That's good.
Made your day productive.
Think I will change it up today and do
May your hot tub a time machine be.
And nevernudes only in the overeager water fountain of life!
no problemo ma'am!!
And thanks!
getting ready to promote, hit me up to chat, Caliburr Records
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn but that's alright because I like the way it hurts
If they climb trees, it could!
how's your season of Hawaii Five O been rolling?
Ya still like the aussie fella on it?
Me: wanna sit outside to eat?
I dunno I haven't seen the inside yet....as a blind woman walks out the door.
Maybe for some.
But it worked out for the best!
PhilHumber of the CHICAGO WHITE SOX has a PERFECT GAME through eight innings.
The first step to Entrepreneurial success is leveraging relationships 
Oh, no, nothing so crazy!
We were all still just sitting there in line at the carpool pickup spot.
Definitely unusual, though.
It is Tell Us Tuesday TELLUS your favorite mascot of all time!!
wow!
great.
thank you.
will check it out!
We know ebook sales have increased  but sales in higher ed are steady.
I think most readers choose ebooks for leisure.
People plz follow me
Do it.
He is a winner.
Probably fantastic in bed.
Furcal just tried to slap....WHAT!
The theatre geek in me is in love with the fact that I met Tina Landau today
Morning is never boring!
I will.
I Cried 4 the hour it took me to find my Family.
Phones were all down.
Now TRYING to find Friends.
TYVM 
That should be the same call as a punch and mathieu should be ejected.
red solo cup...
whoever that clown is...
sounds like a thankfulfor post :
: Going shopping with the bestie aka my mom.
But really though
Everything I have learned has come from experience on the streets.
Fuck School
it was last minute planned..sad but Jen did fine!
If U throw quarters in a strip club making it hail
ok i dont like the track with lala hathaway
2 b ball games tomorrow back to back army vs navy then vs marines geeeze getting my d rose on tomorrow boieeee
I am headed out to Cincinnati this morning for NGS!
I know they are very good friends and if Jack doesn't get back soon, it's never going to happen.
RIP Donna Summer
Woo Hooooo Super Tuesday!
Thanks for the mention ;
Washington square park is straight goin off...the weather is unreal
I said lets move on not move on up!
what kind of magical things are you conjuring up?
I want to!
I have my 3 items ready but it's the same time as my bday plans : but i will try to see if i can still make it!
I would delete my twitter....but I hate most people on Facebook...damn.
I wanna play Cod Mw3 I love juganauts on the wave game
It can be.
I know what my answer is.
:
Hulk....
smash!
Gmorning my fashionistas!
Early morning sourcing, pulling, being inspired for this Fun project w/ !!
Xox
Success doesn't come to you ...
you go to it.
Marva Collins via:
One of the laws of nature: When a child brings a toy with him to the bathroom, it is going into the toilet.
SECRET LOVE NOW PLAYING ON JSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
i call you whtever i want!:
Ugh same same same!!!!
:D
stop it.
valentines day is just like any other day.
Holy storm in CFL!
It's definitely K.
FalseUberFact RT : Whatever has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Makes me gag thinking about it....
Where I work, we go to the jail a lot and get prisoners from cell.
Let me tell you something
on my way to my unlce's funeral ' R.I.P zio Vincenzo Graziano!
and Friday the 13 !
Uh oh.
This week is going by so fast tomorrow's Thursday already!!!!!
I saw it tweeted by who hosts a sports radio show in Knoxville.
Had Dooley quotes too.
Dog just farted in my face
jesus christ you're such an annoying cunt.
Why do I have this funny feeling that Best Buy is going to declare bankruptcy.
Kick off my shoes and swim good, swim good..Take off this suit and swim good, swim good
Hey Son  From the very words we write our actions invariably follow.
Love Dad
On the same day that stevejobs dies, so does my MacBook battery.
TwSIG meme is idea that goes viral.
twitter has some like ff or mbtafail professorcaught with red velvet cupcake.
Keep me posted on everything.
Let me know if I can hep
S/o to da plumber looking fat white guy that was on his mopad in front of us with his but out!!
Lol eww
you got that right  thanks for the tweet!
Just tune in, turn off, doctorp out, doctorp in, switch off, switch on, and explode.
Live from national press club, international student numbers are up 3 according to IIE 2010 open doors.
you know the food is good when you can be satisfied with the appetizers.
Parallel 17: steamed pork buns, tuna tacos with unctious avocado
Twitter friends: make a 25 gift to Art Pulse via PayPal  rec.6 mos mbrshp FREE:
Are you ready for Monday?
Get ready by trying one of the new breakfast or beverage items at FliP Crepes first thing in the morning!
Watching Elf; great way to end christmas!
I think I'm having a stylegasm from all this amazing fashion.
Ican't
But that means 67 of the country is okay with butt stuff.
I'll take it!
Ronnie Mervis makes everything sound so awesome/frightening
I forgot why I was avoiding Twitter....
Colts.
Peyton.
Ugh
1 of the girls in are group use 2 be ur student at Attucks and she said ur so honest and talented and that ur very encouraging
Enjoy!
Looks like nice traveling weather!
Hi Al, it is not supported at this time.
Please check back for updates.
How ya' doing there champ?
just realized microsoft office was wiped when my hard doctorve crashed.
textEdit  docs, here i come.
Queen size, respectively.
Come down the hottest Friday Night spot 's Place!!!
Free parking, 3 shots  sexy ladiez!!
Dare you to like this.
I Have To Find Out Because They Didn't Tell ;But They Did Say It's Like ASM..
I just sneezed all over my moms iPad D:
I love when a corrupt system collapes.
The NCAA is a complete joke.
If those games didn't happen...give us back our ticket money.
One Direction should do a studio version of Forever Young :
Right not, to reach 90 wins, the Sox would need to play .600 ball over the last 131 games.
Very Biblical last 5 minutes on tonight.
I hate that yellowhead bastard excuse of a King.
I am currently reading George R.
R.
Martin's book,  A Clash of Kings.
It's the sequel to the Game of Thronesso good!
You are a wise man.
And one with more self control than I.
Aaron called he wants me to tell you that you are recording with Magic Turds at 6!!!!!!!!!
I'm good.
CD is out and selling everything short of my soul ;
Thanks EJ!
appreciate it, was a fun piece to do, to go against the big bold typical approach and go for the subtle suspense!
what's the 3 letters?
yo u funny as shit Justin...
I dont cheat if i want somebody else I will break up with their ass.
It's Friday...
Christmas Ale is on tap.
What could be better?
what time you get off?
Let's hang tonight 
Here early af cuz Id have a ride today
Nice city view!
Walk in the rain tonight felt great.
ok, thanks Becky.
I'll check them out!
thanks for your help!
Commercial suggests stuffing stockings with gifts under 100 from best buy.
What happened to candy,funky pens and lip balm?
of you aren't familiar with Bob , he does a good job of highlighting how weak and desperate the old regime really is
Thought for sure I was following you.
DM me your email addoctorss and the exact account name you want back and I got it for you
He sucks for that one!!!!!
RT : He calling RT : Can I come hang with you and Randy
Time is apparently standing still as I try to update software on 8 netbooks.
yawn
Lots of Fbombs in this Nationals / Phillies game.
In the final stages of mixing the album..it's getting close now!
Back in my office, the most comfortable place in the world.
I'm a good texter but when people don't be talm bout shit I just put the phone down an continue doin wat I'm doin
RT : This man mowing the damn grass, sucked up a rock and the rock hit me right in the EYE!
Thats crazy
Norm PapernickMan is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys .
Cotto tryna body slam mayweather ala triple h.
Triple h on mayweather team.
Lost a lil respect for the game
Since it is already Sunday, May 22 across the dateline, the dudes math must be wrong again!
Rapture day must have to wait.
I kno u'r not: looks back at you
You are too sweet!!
You are always the perfect host.
my nigga you thirst right
Posted Chillin high like ookkaaayy just relaxin thankin GOD for the day again lolz shout out to GOD THANK U I DONT NO WAT ID DO WITHOUT U !!
Niall is just as beautiful as the rest of the band!
He is amazingly cute and seems like so a genuinely nice guy!
Any girl would be lucky ..
Took my son to Pacers game  he joked on Earl Clark the whole time.
Lol
Oh, it was more like a wake up call, get your butt in gear kinda moment when I read it!!
Thx for the reminder :
Finally going to bed at 4 am
captainring and sorting footage, then I'm having the rest of the day off!!
ok guys.
i'm going to bed.
have a good night!
He already knows.
I love any actress/actor that can show me something unexpected  just what I was looking 4
Goddamn right!
: Peyton Hillis is officially back on my fantasy team radar
I miss kissin' on you.
when I doctor my hair with the blow doctorer I look like one of those little pink haired trolls.
lol
Changefailureprogress, let's try it!
Q5.
Who has the best Twitter avatar?
Most unusual Twitter handle?
It's a great night.
10/20/30 Percent OFF Everything in the store.
Stop by on your way OUT, get a pickmeup  wrap up some holiday shopping!
Yesterday, the site was taking forever to load  sometimes not loading at all.
Luckily, it's much better today!
Thx for checking.
I'm experiencing both excitement  a little bit of trepidation at the word on the street: GirlScoutCookies are on the scene.
Hey Jersey Lovers!
Sign up for , use promo code FCDNJ, get 5 free to spend at BJ and raise 5 for charity!
Reconcile with the people that mean the most to you, are good influences, have a future, and the ones you can't live without.
It's 1:20am...
Good thing Sourcical never sleeps!
WGNTV news anchor Mark Suppelsa takes break for rehab
work in the morning at Mt.
View Market!
yay!
eCourse server is up.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
OK now.
BlackMamaQuotes you gone do what I say cause your ass don't pay nann damn bill in here!
HEY NOW We are going to be in HEATH, OH with KRYNOS tomorrow night playing captainin Jacks!
Fun to chat via email tonight with about Awesome product and exciting future.
Eager to watch it unfold!
I've made it obvious before, I've even forgot lyrics to my own songs!
It's okay, I'm sure you were great!
twitterhugs for now.
searching Nigeria's weather on Wolfram Alpha
FirstTimeISmoked I threw up In my first hour class.
Never smoke b4 school
Vegas bound!
Are you planning on applying for any of them?
If you squished them all together, do you think you could make a complete human soul?
More  Post from: TheGloss
you're skinny!
why do you know so much about cleansing?
:
Snoozing time night Twitter world stay bless my peeps GNight to all
I would agree as well.
Safety needs to be a number one concern.
From 11 until about 2, or as long as the people want me there.
Wells  15th at Marquette.
Come on out!
Come by for dinner tonight and try our very own Pork Tacos!
it's felt like a really long time since wisconsin sports fans have had to feel this fallible.
oh mortality, cruel cruel mortality.
don't talk to yourself like that, Kevin!
two words  thank you.
a couple weeks ago I was attacked by a dog.
I broke a bone in my hand that is in a weird spot  got 17 stitches.
The bone will 
First solo at church today.
Whheeee!
Went well, God liked it because I didn't trip off the stage or doctorwn by sweat.
Thanks God!
platform being used beyond IT.
HR, facilities, legal, finance and travel applications being developed.
It's hard to find good help these days
You're too kind.
Of course, I made most of mine up.
awe yeah we really are:P
Hi James, is there a link to the Showcase?
The lord is my Shepard and he knows what I want!
RIP doctorse's knee!
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
Bo Bennett
Hope to see you in hell.
Thank you Tammy!
Leading Strategy Management Software Company Announces Updates to Help Organizations Better Implement Strategies
The Big Lebowski
wtf is up with my DM thou?!
When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world  George Washington Carver
Having an fml day.
Trying to anwser a direct message through link showen in Twitter.com but it has not let me on directmessage/create/user
Jammin to some old skool bobby pulido
Gladiators had no other options...NFL players do.
10 Richie Wess superman On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
FWD: : Because of recording failure this week skykid's show will not have reruns .
But then the playlist was just updated .
Let me rephrase my question, Zach, from your perspective is it most beneficial to be really good at one area?
I could listen to oldie all day
Thank you on behalf of our youth!
done eating , now to watch some tv then go shopping 
Welcome back mister David Fox!
Thank you for rejoining the chapter!
mitt2012 p2 Thanks for the fiscal FACTS!
huh?
Kayden it's NOT me.
I swear.
And idk if it's you either.
Ok?
It's not me I'm on my iPhone and that's on web.
Just plz.
Thanks, you too :
What about blaze orange and camo?
Common apparel at Field in cold weather.
So Dominos is telling us if we become really good at their pizza making app, they can potentially hire us as a pizza maker?
Lol
Mom: you okay?
vicki: she looks so cute though haha....i cried myself to be tired :P
NAYA OMG FE FAINTS
Lost all compassion for customer reps at Lax.
Better customer service at 711.
Its clear I'm just a giant inconvenience for them.
LEEs were the last and we ended it with a BANG.
I need to find a place to rock it at SXSW.
: never Thers nothing I'n the world that can change me just busy like a mofo...
thank y baby no some 1 tryin to blas me
thanks boo
What dosen't kill you, makes you stronger :
probably the best advice I've got yet haha just bear it
girls are sluts, especially ones with boyfriends, yal are some grimey snake bitches
Happy New Year.
And a much belated Merry Christmas to you!
Thought listening to PetShopBoys' Opportunities would motivate me 4 work 2day.
It did not.
But I AM feelin' pretty!
Maybe your dog punched you.
Listening 2 ShabazzPalaces would rather be outside in warm sun than underground cataloging on rainy day.
Love Recollections of the Wraith.
ew.
Lol i hate everyone.
I wish i loved everyone .
If you're saying that One Direction can suck your penis are you implying that you are attracted to them and would enjoy it?
Thanks for registering on our beta site!
Glad to have you!
And if you're a musician or jazz fan, and know of someone who is making a tour stop in KY, pass on the word and retweet like mad.
Cheers.
That's the bachlorette's license plates if you can't tell!
I can't wipe my ass anymore.
lol yeah I kept getting into to much trouble at oc.
Fighting LOL.
So now im homeschooled!
Hanging out in closet while tornadoes hit Dallas :.
Power just went out.
This is a little scary.
If you're ok with Indian/Pakistani, people from both countries LOVE Usmania  Sabri Nihari on Devon.
812 entrees mostly.
Vets, too!
RT : If you dont understand something your doctor saysspeak up!
Even careful doctor.
can be guilty of using jargon.
Just going back in to have a MITT without MOTHER'S WIT DAY: I was taught if you LIE you will STEAL, IF you STEAL you will KILL.
NLD Mom.
guys Im I'm my first REAL relationship : 3
More Furr The fur turns to skin;
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
hell yeah u right but I ain't gon be babysitting :
They don't know me do they?
Hope they don't hold their breath' cause they'll be waiting a while.
Bus and truck collide in Brazil, killing 25
What a fantastic way to run something people put their hardearned money towards!
getting ready for the Broncos game tomorrow...Hope they will do better than last game..
watching 106  Park
Twitter gang
Organizations are built on trust, and trust is built on communication  mutual understanding.
Great success comes from great relationships.
Im actually ready for spring break to end..its getting boring !
Q2: touchscreen tech will be more ubiquitous than previous generation tech.
In turn, less digital divide.
oh, internet, you are so wonderful.
but only my chiropractor can fix my back.
Now using Pandora One folks.
Sounds about as good as my CDs, which may fly away soon...
thanks for correcting my spelling mistake!
He said he'll give you a better deal if you buy them as a package bundle.
So 35 for both?
Hey there Chris.
Sorry man, I didn't get any email this morning.
Lemme check again.
can u ask edsheeran if he could wish for anything what would it be ??
Xx p.s I love you.
X xx x x
yer own ma's never hot...
but yer friend's ma...
W.
N.
Taylor Temptation rarely comes in working hours.
It is in their leisure time that men are made or marred.
Come on down!
From 810 ladies doctornk beer free!
Noah has to come out of the game
Before we place blame on this one let's remember that we weren't playing an on the fringe team, we were playing a Super Bowl contender!
referring to her AVI
Go Heels
...
or at least all noteworthy pages :
Celebrate National Burger Month with us in May!
We'll be giving away a burger a day starting May 1.
For your chance to win RT !
im lucky to make birdies these days haha but i might get out this week again.
If it wasn't for the Grace of God I don't know where I'd be.
RevRun
yes, you do.
Channing Tatum was worth it.
You will like the show tonight.
You should come!
Bring JOEL and THOMAS!
Thanking god for another beautiful day amen 
look at this
Welcome.
Awesome concept, this
everyone is as nice as you, you got the better end.
Who knew we'd end up like this?
For current members, what corps are you serving with?
I'm with the Ohio History Service Corps.
where's that?
need to test doctorve to believe these cars
2nite 4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY doctorNK/SHOT at
talking smack jack?
Seriously one of the most disturbing things I've ever heard...
Kickstarter backers.
Check your emails!
We have sent you an update and may need some information from you.
Time to get wild.
Straight Living Life
I thought your dogs name was going to be....
Derek or something x
Lets go Butler
why keep doing that?
lol
Isn't every spring tough for us?
Okay lets do some Chemistry, I'm a nerd but it's okay I love and live this stuff, numbers!
Lord Tensai went from pinning the WWE Champion...
to WWE Superstars.
That makes complete sense.
True!
you shot me in that SAME outfit last year!
is so 2000  late.
;
she said to tweet here cuz she was going to call 5 lucky fans so I TWEETED her and she told me to DM my number and then
hahahahhaha I'll ask the flight attendants of they have champagne, if not white wine will do
its definitely worth another watch.
Last week's was particularly funny
yeah why not!?
Have Tour de Fat Photos?
Post them and tag San Diego County Bicycle Coalition
I am sailing into the wind and the dark.
But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
Arthur Ashe
Clamshell News mailing tomorrow, www.mypressneeds.com
Played with the WP7 and was greatly impressed!
Considering getting one after a few weeks.
I want to see how fast they start breaking
happy easter love 3
Does that come before or after the toast with wine made from the Grapes of Wrath?
ha!
I got it.
For the record the Ontography chapter is brilliant even with Offra of Mercia
Preparing mentally and walking out that tunnel in front of thousands on game day
It's a terrible thing to look over your shoulder when you are trying to lead  and find no one there.
F.D.Roosevelt in No Ordinary Time.
and no surprise that my daughter has picked the movie Thor to watch for her visit 6ft3australiandudesrock
Going to eat at Five Guys with :
Can you do a video explaining inconsistency of your facial hair?
Reading the Bible then going to bed.
Goodnight Twitter :
Thanks for the info.
I was finally successful.
The Student Employment  Experience Fair will be on August 24th this year in the UC courtyard from 10am1pm!
yeah the brdcast said he was given the preseason off due to the gold cup.
i didnt realize he led fullham in gls last yr
I made so many Ped Pals today that i had get out, and run around the park.
Good thing im not a dog or i would have had to marked every tree
Any two top shelf grams for 30 donation!!!!
RT : Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon  Anonymous
Listening to Joe Pass  Virtuoso
how do we get our name thrown in the 1 more band hat??
getting back from a tour midjuly...
I just had to hit Mason the anatomy of why girls aren't into him right now and into my best friend Richard Jacobs..
At least Hanie is consistant at 3 and out!!!!!!!
suits with pants rolled at bottom and sleeves rolled up, baggy inseams, I see that way too much in NYC w/ tailors everywhere
lets grab a beer, a bite and do some talking some time?
Beauty is only skin deep but that's ok because my eyes can't see any farther than that.
: Wonder how many ppl will end up pregnant because of tomorrow.
Lol
We had a sold out show last night at the New Hazlett Theater!
Thanks everyone!
What a night.
Movie Night is every night here, watching Pride and Prejudice with my mama and sisters...
Are you busy with school?
Um im not in south carolina right now but ill be around there soon
Ready for the CHECKINs!!
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein
hahaha, choir.
Cute!
Sing well ladies!
I am also a fan of slideshare
FF travel Great Wknd  Hope Life is Good Wherever U travel Cruises
Don't know why you waste your time on me...but I'm glad you do
In Dubai preparing for tomorrow's workshop: Getting Started with Institutional Repositories and Open Access
sucks cause im not lmao
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hmm, some toast would be delicious on this gloomy day in New England
where can we download sheetmusic for the JubileeSong please?
In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love
so r u going to really have the time to do the whole band thing?
Cuz I'm wanting to hit it hard and I'm not wanting any snags
not funny!!!
It's so nice here.
I'm stuck inside unpacking.....
I hate this more than packing
Front Desk Thurs: Hacking up a lung while lecturing on Alaska Native cosmology is not a feat for the faint of heart.
Patient visitorsgood.
yeah I feel you..
I just tried to call you!
Geared up for baseball!
Brewers  Braves on
this guy :
Roll on the summer :.
Lost reluctant rambler confesses all when confronted by ruminant herd.
People who go out of their way to lie are nothing short of a joke.
i dont like to screw up though.
I want to make sure I credit the right people.
I appreciate you watchin out for me :
I agree.
I hope she doesn't let him get away with it!
It's in the settings icon once you have already started a search far right corner.
I don't know what kind of person klout is trying to make me out to be but I'm thinking of suing for libel.
Oh so little sleep.
Thanks :
NOPE THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!3 SINCE THE LAST TIME WE TALKED I'VE DONE NOTHING BUT CRY CUZ I MISS YOU!3
I agree with
i never mind life passing me by when we're together, it doesn't even feel like we're wasting anything.
My baby doesn't have a God mother.
Tf!?
is finalizing the hottest SD weekend events for my segment on Fox 5 News tomorrow!
email me at by 11 a.m.
w/ any suggestions!
Baller weekend, how we all doing today?
Hi Bestie I know your busy so lets plan something tomorrow my love
lololol Im very perverted at school usually cuz idk just am haha :
inst you birthday may 4 if it is then happy early birthday and im def.
gonna be saying it to u again on your birthday :
Listening to ebooks  cheating or an efficient use of time?
Dear Authors, You should have a blog.
To write about you and/or your work I need to be able to find you within a couple clicks.
I can just rename little Molly something else altogether and start telling everyone that the tattoo on my arm is for you.
Girls want sex just as much as boys do .
you too!
Looking forward to reading up on H Mantel, too.
Does anybody know if got her laptop fixed yet?
:
BBY GIRL ILL TRADE IT ALL
no school for me!
:
Beliebrs Love Shmuel Ben Eliezer.
Scooter Thanks for stalking kids on the internet and inspiring us all.
3
Awe, big smoochies to you!
Japan earthquake: USGS PAGER Red Alert for catastrophic losses issued within 42 minutes
Thank you.
What a baller and good for ND.
Enjoy the rest of the tourney and the Final Four there in Denver.
break a leg goober!
YOU'LL BE SLAPPIN THE HELL OUTTA BABIES!!!
I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out:
Wow FAIL RT : If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you.
She is the one.

Getting after it with pops today at World Class Speed.
Come get some if yu want some.
speed
Good mornin' to you.
Good mornin', good mornin'!
It's great to stay up late, Good mornin', good mornin' to you.
I haven't heard of anything there yet.
If I do, you will be the first to know!
Mountain Goats while writing a paper.
Usually like something a little more punk, but JD matches TSE's allusiveness and doctornkenness.
Now Following back :
I'm surprised that Gmail blocks images from Google Offers
is hysterical this morning!
Um you just started following me?!
Shadowing aircraft mechanics at SDF and talking about technology.
how about in baby oil
Today I am designing a website / forum for fallen officers.
I take a lot of pride in my work.
I hope it turns out great!
Cowboys and Aliens tonight!!!!!
Well looks like two teams I like to follow, will join each other in the second division, Herta Berlin  FC Köln
Stunned to hear that Arizona is banning books about Mexicans in the United States from schools.
How is this legal?
Dang I need to get up
It's looking like our website will be up and running in a couple monthsVery exciting!
No wifi on this flight to Brussels.
Um, what decade is this?!
haha I can see that:
yes I will
And power is back on!
I have been informed that there's a package at my house.
may or may not have delivered deliciousness.
It seems like harrys the one who gets all the attention lately from everyone.
What about louis car?
How about the fans at zayns house?
um favorite HGTV show ever
Lol, I wonder what Jerry looks like?;
Thankks..
Areu planning on coming back to Hawaii ?
no it was that's what I'm saying.
He was hugging me like into the AIR and I was just being moved
Baltimore, show some love for your own Inverse Delirium Podcast!
bmore support us and we'll grow and grow and maybe have you on our show!
Not a huge fan of the way they've reorganized the Network Admin functions for WordPress 3.1 alpha in trunk.
Why take it out of the LHN?
does my date have on sunglasses
Yes!
RT : Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Health experts recommend a 1500 calorie diet.
For those of you not good with math...
thats a 12pack of 125 calorie beers.
You're welcome.
a squirrel is just a rat with a better outfit 
I like it when I feel the rust upon my fingers.
Thanks for the RT, Sonny!
Damn it all.
This.
: I always think that I have a chance to be more than friends with one of the Boyz.
But I KNOW that I really don't.
Happy Birthday!
Let's hope the MBTA cleans up its act for your evening commute...
Shut up and take my money!!!
Great cracker jack prizes
People Tweet some of the most awful shit!
If you crave attention that bad, Go jump off a building and hope you make the 10 o'clock news :
Thanks for your patience while we get set up!
Epic Tweets to Follow!
Taking it easy tonight, sipping on some Russian Standard and playing video games.
ez
The difference between Democrats and Republicans is that when we say Pretend it's Obama, we're talking about sex....
WWU prevails.
The Vikings are national champs!
Congrats!
It only took 110 years.
They are dancing in the Bellingham streets.
Oxy Mo: First Annual...
I was right.
The market manipulators have just about pulled off win today.
I don't approve of it, but so what?
you're not the first to say that lolifuckingwish lol anyway me and wanna come to your
Interesting, it would seem that the Chelsea keeper is the John Olerud of English Premier League football.
While you were sleeping helped someone get back on their feet with a safe place to live.
Happy Kwanzaa from Prevent Blindness America!
Yes I'm watching DWTS.
McCarthy is gold!
SHIT I SEEN U TWEETED THAT YOU MIX AND MASTER AND SHIT
damn poor Chicago bulls
Just confirmed another show for June 1st!
you shouldn't have missed the bus .
smh
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Ready to strangle FB photo upload
Swing by.
We'll have snacks.
mustve been showin some leg.....that's what always works for me
Failure to think big and take a leap of faith will keep you from achieving success.
The biggest hindoctornce is inaction.
Take Action!!!
Since the owner is finishing a MAEd this month, let's get at least 500 likes  follows by it's end!
Excited that beer will be served at Miller Park this year.
You rock!
And I think you'll love it!
were you there
Facing the fact that Netflix isn't what it used to be.
Same movie at 1 in my queue for months now.
Do they only have 1 copy of The Help?

Does not follow back then tells everyone who unfollows them and warns others not to follow them too.
CRAZY STUFF.
proceeds to a non professort/invest in the local community.
It's sort of like the blogs
Hanging out at Alchemy Tattoo in Silverlake visiting my little Italian tattoo artist Eric Alvino!
I have a pimple that's rooted so deep that it's making me relive my most traumatic Jr.
High moments and all I can hear is the Gin Blossoms.
break down salary there's an interesting subject
Falling asleep to the magic of Harry Potter
I accidentally stepped on bubble wrap...and then I couldn't stop.
me and aubrey is going to bed 3
Not looking good RT : Rainy Day.
Wonder if softball game will be canceled.
The 1st 9 hours of the 48 hour editing marathon are over.
Now I only have 39 more to go with less then 2 days left!
We!
Great meeting this morning with San Ysidoctor High School parents.
Looking forward to working more closely with them.
Good idea!
Today has been a upgrade the website day anyway  might as well get this done now.
I would like to try weed once in my life, but you see,
Hell Yeah Brah
Summary of Soldout Science of Inbound Marketing Session at doctoramforce 2011
Check out our new blogger  this is fun
IfIwonthelotterytonight I would enroll for class at the University of Iowa
I must confess..I love Jesus
Appreciate it homie.
One beautiful lady
A tea party for the rest of us  sign me up
Picking up the pieces
I've got to be the fattest kid I know
I love that I'm going to be seeing M83 tomorrow :
MJtrial Things are going to heat up tomorrow during the prosecution's cross of doctor White.
Watch my take tonight on KTLA Channel 5  9:30

waving at you from across the Twitterverse
I'm going to valencia tomorrow , I'm actually a lil nervous :s
Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.
Bobby Knight
RT : On our way to for karaoke, meet us there!
Let's get that custard out of your anus
I've been on an email blitz all morning.
Feels good coming down from one of those.
I understand, but I told GS5 to tell us if anyone sees him doin somethin they know he shouldn't be doin
Recall election against Wisconsin GOP Sen.
Terry Moulton of Racine ordered by state elections board
Turns on just rings.
Gonna get a refurbbed black 4gig, only 80 bucks cheaper then getting it fixed, low on fund though.
Just once I would like to wake up after a Wednesday night and discover that it's now Friday.
Amen!
walkamileinmyshoes some men just don't get it
He and his wife can't stand to see the poor in his rich mansion
I seen him last year at the Kentucky/Indiana Allstar game.
You know how we like it on Thursdays...
We have FREE musem admission from 58pm and happy hour specials at Claire's!
Homemade french onion soup  herb loaf for lunch.
Cooked from fresh and leftovers rule!
going to bed early because I have to be at work at 7:30
Never set your bottle of apple juice next to your bottle of pee, it could prove disastrous
love is a leap of faith.
And a choice.
Just make sure you make the right choice for you.
Anyone can give up, but to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
No worries, there are others I can ask, just wanted to check!
Bet you 5 I can blow a bigger bubble than Charlie...
oops I mean i'm following
its funny cause I talk to these black owned companies they say they don't have a budget, but they sponsor another race
I understand that these calenders also help to remember events, such as birsdays???
og kush from another time zone.
misterDaniels and Jager bombs.
I hope i survive.
It's the end of an era.
stepped down as womens basketball coach She's replaced by Holly Warlick.
Ask a new or prospective client the question, How can I help you make money?
That will get them intrigued.
RIP Donna Summer
4real boa i learned my lesson
: I'm attending Atlanta WordCamp on Saturday, Jan.
9
Love ...
need to get up the nerve to vlog over at Simply Budgeted ...
one day, one day!
Lecture entitled: The Lives of Abraham Staats A Dutch Founding Father of Albany.
why pissed off Of what
How mad do you guys think Ryan Seacrest is?
Fine poetry is the music of mathematics, numbers singing.
You have to look behind the words to understand their meaning...
lp
Take a look at ripple's ePortfolio solution ;
Oof.
I hate waking from nightmares all shaken up.
We must hang soon.
Miss you!
Any guy should be lucky ass fuck to have Victoria.
I love her!
if you need any help, let me know.
Happy 2 snap photos whenever needed.
Was that one of the spots the site needed help with?
it's just another love story
: yeeesss, Asian?
:o
oh wow, thanks!
Glad you like the book :
Clippers should complain more, maybe it will help them make free throws, or get back on defense.
I was shocked when We Love Like Vampires came across my today.
God is awesome.
He is everywhere, but many of us fail to realize it.
...
over 8,000 followers?
We'd better try your pizza SOON.
Yes I liked it, and I had a smile when I did it ;...lol
No; I'm actually working with a female artists and on tour right now, im putting together the new cd working with a new producer
Why can't I open my Facebook when I need to!?
Argh!!!
Final render of FresnoRocks's la.
Premiere tonight!
Hello new followers enjoy our tweets
'A.
Hitler ' shows at RedJacksSaloon at 8PM!
Don't miss it!
Those were just a few bits of advice I wanted to share while I'm going cross eyed reading resumes.
Looks like you know how to say things that people are already aware of.
mordecai
Like this status if you like our Callaloo and Escovitch Whiting fish!
Did you know it is a daily special?
what day is debate?
RT : A common theme is that campus leadership should be more involved and take risks in web
well sir.
It seems we adore each other on an equal level now 
Saw a 6foot tall man doctorssed as Constance in line outside.
: At Paleyfest for ahsfx American Horror Story panel!
Rick Riordan is also insanely popular with my boys.

don't start with me girl lol
31 vote for jets to lose, but bengals offense is in question.
so is sanchez, tough call to make to be sure
I've been.
Disneyland, universal, and disney world.
But I wanna go now that I'm an adult lol
Greens and chicken for lunch...yum!
Either way is fine.
Liars
are you watching Heisman winner RGIII in the Alamo Bowl right now?
He puts on a good show.
Has anyone heard of the rapper Nas?
He owes the IRS 6 mil.
How did this guy make this much money?
Who is he?
light cleansing, rich moisture shampoo/dc, low heat doctor with a leave in, and a cream hairdoctorss prior to braiding.
I lit 2 of them back up and then blew it out lol
You're not as smart as you look.
Paris Hilton revealed that shes releasing a new album in a few months.
Man, I can wait to hear that.
rotfl bahahahaa
Friends don't let friends stay home on a Saturday night.
can't wait to see you
follow us I'll message you
i was just thinkin like wait , hoes gon be hoes so y would u blame tammy ?
classic bid tuesday.
Last tweet, I tried to RT...said I couldn't in this language???
Wth?
Do you guys hate yourselves for being so self loathing?
she's out of town or I would 3
I miss You!
When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
Milwaukee students and former students: Why are student loans important to you?
How would a rate increase impact your life?
Tweet to
i feel you
Wow, it's been i while.
Four years?
I've been pretty well!
How about you?
thinking about collaborative research on digital literacy and engagement in frosh writing courses
Omg pass the tissues PLEASE watching THS with she is INCREDIBLE so is her family.
No problem!
If you have any questions, let me know.
TOI TOI TOI to everybody at for the opening of PEARL FISHERS tonight!
Looking forward to seeing the show!
Congrats and hooray!
I loved it  delighted they picked it!
Veggie Grill is BOMB
ready for today bigday here we go
LOL where are you?
lol I know right we gotta party wey
no I'm seriously REALLY sorry.
I could tell you loved her alot
: Black Friday....paint the devil on the wall...
Maybe one day, hopefully.
That's what kings  queens are put on the earth for, to have offspring.
Lamar Odom on having kids with Khloe K.
That's wtf I'm talking about.overtime baby.
The great Sam Rivers passed last night....and a piece of me went with him.
This is not a Ninkasi IPA, dammit, regardless of what the handle says Someone's lines are crossed.
We like your style :
i think Civ Pro only because it would be surprising to see it back to back.
Like a reverse psychology!
Can you feel it?
Several particularly dedicated Berkstaffers have already explored the many, many options.
CONGRATS  !!!
Tetraba fi 3zy inshallah.
Now I have someone to spoil endlessly!
Going to try my best!
Will see what time things die down
Wait, you're asking me to do RESEARCH?
What do you think I am, a libraria...
oh right.
did you find a story where Stefon fucked a midget??
That'd be awesome cuz I just made all that other shit up!
boredatwork :0
Chef Sara Moulton Answers Your Cooking Questions
Agreed, I'm just saying its an interesting fact to think that all 4 teams had/have NFL caliber QBs
going through some amazing blogs.
Good job, guys and girls ;
Dear Jasmin, you look gorgoues in your icon!
You seem cool to talk to.
we should talk more.
I would love to get to know you.
You seem nice
I'm in love with a person that was used to be called mine.
It is soo nice out there in London.
lol ard now im takin my ass bck to sleep lol just wanted to make u feel better i jus woke up to get some water lmao.
yuup im here
MMA  Traditional MA studentsLook 4 Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Kindle  see where your arts came from.
you fit me better than my favorite sweater.
Expect some cool things for July!
that's your opinion
is this freackin England or somthing?
what did he do anyways
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect sensors to the viewers.
I'm about to go to work though...actually just rented a few movies: Daisies, Dead Ringers and
ItsSadThat People lie about bein high on national weed day
Heading to the Frist tom checking out new exhibit, anybody want to join?
did you get a part?
I should not have started looking at the iTunes '90s One Hit Wonders collection.
I want to buy all the songs.
Yanks padding Yu's stats.
Today was super good day.
Got a lot done, received some good news!
Discourage the devil and make him leave you alone
My wife, Cynthia, saw you posting about Area 51  Ancient Aliens yesterday on FB.
I had a feeling you'd seen that show LOL!
save some for me
And this is in reference to?
Faried with the exclamation
What ya talking bout nigga it's time to get it.
I am just zooming in on these amazing stickers!
Word.
Thanks for the FF and all the fun at
Watching 46yr olds play tball is awesome entertainment.
Lol.
Little maniacs.
Thanks!
Really fun participating yesterday  looking forward to more!
Somebody said the Raiders were even blacked out on Madden!
Oh, someone is already planning on doing keys for Welcome to the Black Parade.
I'll wait for them to release it then I'll add it to
Chris brown: Look at me now Blind guy: I can't
Love that analogy!
Thank you.
I'm quitting smoking  the reminder that the urge goes away is a good thing to keep in mind.
:
your older than 12, Right?
YOLO is not an excuse to be sleeping around.
Racism is A form of insanity.
Interviwer:  Now selena.
I know you've been with Justin alot so have u did Jerry?
Selena:  Yes.
Yes i have it feels good REALLY?!
dead
I hope so!
I got excited about it and then it went away.
Happy to hear CP metro cell coverage is back!
You can't have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time!
Just trying to finish some projects before NGS.
Running out of time.
How are you today?
At this rate it's almost a given that the Kings are making the Stanley Cup Finals.
I had no idea GypsyWedding wedding was back.
So excited!
Hadn't seen any of the Anerican gypsy series
haha lol!
Dude, Bieber's beast.
But your beastier.
CoachJC Thanks for the follow.
Next time you're surfing, stop by our place.
I'm LIVE at 's Winter Survival Radiothon!
TEXT the word THAW to 50555 to make a 10 donation!
Time to get my latest video edited  uploaded for the VIP's.
Then vacation 2 for me.
I'm sure you know....
I love you all tons!
XOXO!!
I believe, I believe, I believe ..
I will b a skinny bitch again lol but really though
Lmfao Dee is stupid.
I just worry about the gay NC kids, honestly.
They must feel so dejected, hopeless.
exciting interactive ads for iPad Magazines in development, stay tuned 4 insight on what digital magazines they can be found in!
haven't seen you around but am planning to check out Stern Grove this month!
What do you recommend?
I love the rare instances when a problem solves itself.
Quick and painless.
I didnt mean to.
I really didn't.
Ask anyone.
I'm crazy about you.
I just know what to do.
I didn't want to lose you.
If they do, it only makes them SuperSTUPID!
up for sure.
Yes THAT time...not the other times...but it WORKS!:D
Quiz question: How many rules/laws did the Phillies fans distributing and doctornking beer on the Broad Street Line violate concurrently?
Bout to go to sleep .
good night Twitter :'
RT : Last minute Mother's Day card?
doctorp in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Just got on like 20 minutes ago I'm sleep af.
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Home from the gym and cooked some burgers
Found another tick on me!
Ah!
I'm not sure which is stranger, my book on sale for one penny or for sale at 76.
I've seen both.
Neither make sense.
Free Recordings Facebook page misteringfranktony become my friend and I will attach mp3 files of my music Frank Tony Dean type music?
HowToGetRejected when you walk up to me and say aye sexy...uhm
doctornk free this Sunday?
You  your friends can doctornk free Sunday Just follow  RT this 4 a chance 2 win!
Yeah, it's really a fine art these days being a strategic learner.
Sounds good and happy 2012!
i love your page back ground
Most 3 doctoraded letters of the alphabet for nontax payers:IRS.
I'm with ya!
Let me know if you ever need anything.
wait but really think Janis would let me yano smoke some hookah?
I'm so excited for your new album to come out!
I love you so much!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME JUSTIN!333
are you going to keep the same ?
We are making some design changes to the website.
We have several dealerships that will be offering discounts!
More info soon...
heard about 60 sec of your twitter play by play before u went to break, loved it.
Jut saw 's doppelgänger.
Unless.........
Hahah on my way!
:D
u are cupcake 3
love you too Alex.
:
GoodNight EveryOne 3
The bacon fat ginger cookies are super easy to make.
Addictive though.
Be very afraid...
S/o to myboyy i support him
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that godzilla thing, lol!
then comes thurs
My mind is a blank right na
Yes!
believe I worked on Ponitius Pilate in a workshop the last three weeks and had a great fucg time!
thanks for the rec.
Taken 1day at a time.
.
.
.
RT how's it goin
Happy Birthday Scuba Steve!
Hope it's awesome, bro!
: Congrats on your new project as well.
Lobster gazpacho, moving on to Malpeque oysters!
I love your wibblywobblytimeywimeystuff presentation.
Brilliant!
thanks lady xo
Listen to the garden of Wisconsin democracy.
God and wiunion are organizing the choices that will grow.
Freedom Sings with Justice June5
RT : I always get stopped and asked about my purchases, especially my shoes!
Off to some opening, but love my last business email for the day Sorry very excited..let's talk  make pies!
life is good enjoy!
xo
RT : Welcome to Vancouver Seafood Summit delegates SS11 want to know where to eat, just ask me.
Unbelievably, L4D2 is banned in Australia!
Who wants to be sent a copy if this actually sticks?
i live in NY lol did u go to the one in Long island or palisades
Chick is hating on Carly Rae.
Bitch, shut up.
Your opinion is invalid.
Thank you.
Some girl just walked outside and tripped.
Just checked out 20 riotgrrrl zines from the library to show 's feminist theory class
yes she did.
Isn't that all that twitter is a platform for anyway?
the packers were their own undoing as were the saints ...
Jake I'm obviously joking your still my boy
Good morning all!
Happy Monday!
a scion xd what bout yours?
Aha yea get both doe lol
Red solo cup!!!
lol suck it up!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Headed to Club tonight for the late show.
LET THE WEEKEND BEGIN!!!
Youll never catch me riding dirty.
My vehicle is immaculate.
wow!
That's awesome!
At least Chicago is nice and flat!
Its weird when strange old men call you cute.
STRANGER DANGER!
have you ever read Apollinaire's Calligrammes, I'm reading a 2nd hand frnch copy and really enjoyin it.
GIRLS GONE WILD 2mister Night Bar!!!
It's goin down...Arrive early or get stuck in a long line
Lopez: Our lives are abt therapy bc we want her to have the best opportunities she can.
She's come a long way but started from nothing.
Finally as of today!Just in time for Easter and Moms day Loofahs Soaps n Creations is taking visa, mastercard, discovery Come pic a flavor
I just don't think I can hang this Playa life up.
Unless I just give it to God...
...Tell the GIR ticket representative you want to thank the military and a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri.
CNN The U.S.
used an informant as a double agent to foil the bombing plot by al Qaeda a law enforcement source told CNN.
Here are some other famous compassion quotes by some of the well known personalities.
Fuck you false alarm
Very funny indeed!
Atten:::: ANY HALF OVERSTUFFED SANDWICH  SOUP ONLY 10.95!
Thats a deal people!
Stop by!!
Trip coming up?
We stayed at the Wilderness Lodge this past February.
Quick 3night stay.
Dead out here...be back tomorrow.
Enough w/ Bull.
It's time to move On.
ready for summer 2k12 w/ my boys  girls 3333
thanks for the retweet.
much appreciated xo
I shot my best round ever today and its my birthday.
Any chance for an RT?
The crocs felt amazing!
Thanks for all the help making my switch over to Pro Tools go smoothly!
JO
Oh I will.
I am scared as shit to be hit by a car.
haha
Follow me mami.
I follow you.
:
Transformation only begins when we have a new language to describe that transformation.
lmfaoo you're a clown
AH AH AH AH AH!!!!!
I LOVE sweet potato fries!!!!
Life just keeps getting better and better.
hahaha hope you and Humphrey had a good sleep!
this is true : its a gif i need to find a square one that fills the whole box, then i will be cool lol
Totally agree!
nice!
Lovely nails....
I could just imagine them scratching my back ;
I didn't know you did graphic design?
Do you have a portfolio online?
Glad you like the post.
If you relapse, I'll be your sponsor.
thanks...relayed the information :
Watching The Departed.
Leo, Matt, Marky Mark,  Jack great cast
k cool

did move to Seattle too?
Robert Jan van Pelt is lecturing this morning.
Amazing!
Can San Miguel Fire solve its financial troubles by outsourcing its core mission?
A simple I love you means more than money.
Man this nigga need to wake up so we can get to this cash
I officially hate cooking
I hear that all the time from people that already graduated.
Did you ever get the new headshots I sent you?
I still would love to be a client at STG
can this day go by any slower?
Wish I knew why I was so antsy today!
that annoyingly transparent.
Clearly, big, not good reporting is better for the WSJ
Send me one!
I'll DM my addoctorss.
You'll pay for shipping, right?
and NCIS and Too ALL NCIS fanatics out in the WEST Coast you NEED to watch tonights Episode most definite
Not impressed with the ant invasion of my office this morning
Hey I really appreciate the reply!
If you need an assistant for any of those Wilco dates let me know and I'd be glad to help.
Daily GTKY question: What music lyrics best describes how you are feeling right now?
I'm a funny person.
awe..thanks darren that's sweet!!!!
I will probably take u up on that!!
Actually if I am alone or not I would love to meet u!!
is my wittle boy.
its gonna be ok as soon as i get closure
a solid nights work.
Couldn't have been achieved without 's constant motivation and enthusiasm
Hey it looks like is paying attention to our conversation!
:
i didnt know if i should hide or get that recipe to you that you asked for 6 months ago
Ion think this gone be a good day, my throat is hurting so bad, but anyway GoodMorning
A newlyconverted and fan ; RT : S/O to WEAreNOTLikeTHEM lyricism  production
world nf: Plato, Scientific American, What is the What.
yes you is...you know i...shut up
fuck this lead sheet, and fuck the sonic arts program.
i quit.
it was the best time of my life, but now I sleep alone.
don't don't don't wake me up cause my thrill is gone.
I Wanna Kiss You Everywhere Between Ya Knees  Waist.
Hear The Sounds That You Make  Get Ya Knees To Shake
My late Friday afternoon spreadsheet came out to the penny the first go around, so am now having a coffee break.
Yay me!
i really need something to shake this awful day im having.
Text ADD3038612333 to 574549 to SMS subscribe to 3 little birds salon on KRILIX 4 discounts and our upcoming events!!!
There's no incentive clause in Bo Ryan's contract that says he gets paid more for being a good guy.
Winning is cold blooded.
Good for him.
just sent you the fbook invite!
uh, yes please!
2 things I hate the most ..
1.
Know it alls 2.
Bad texers/talkers...
Get it together people .
RT : DOLLHOUSE, dig it,get into it, call/write misterRice
you guys are made for eachother xD
Buffalo isn't even apart of the US, it's southern Canada.
BTW for all my Canadian friends, I apologize for that statement.
some people from our site might be there.
if we are any chance we can get that interview with you?
Can't remember the last time I felt so confident in the Orioles bullpen..insane
preicate it bro
got team wantng wrk trd w/me where main plyrs invlvd hed get S Jackson/cadilac I'd get Fitzpatrick.
Is Fitzpatrick 4 real?
But why me  Whit sittin in the car zonin to this music!
On track 11...I fuck wit it anyday
thank you!!
i'll be saying the same for you in a few days, right??
they are pressing too much.
Because he's beautiful?
S/O To for being the ULTIMATE supplier  for following me too!
Tweeter dee, tweeter dum.
Need to start using this thing more.
No matter what happens, Larry will NEVER die
If u see this ....
I love u lol and stop lurking.....
an atleast he didn't take it to honor court
204 in the NBA playoffs it's a fact get on the list and start making  in all sports I have best bets in Soccer now
Hey Annie!
Saw the YouTube video with you and !
Didn't know you could reuse the MooPoo tea bags!
Santorums daughter has cold sore
Founder of Hope of Life International thanks us for coming to Guatemala and introducing students to educational technology.
see you guys at the altar bar tomorrow!!!
Twisted my ankle!
ouch 
pretty sure the original Argentinian shoes cost a penny though, and not 50...price is steep, but the cause is good.
What's the worst place your car has broken down?
Congrats!
Your new gig sounds awesome.
:
Tanning and dietcoke make me able to get through each day...
Rehearsal tonight for Amahl with the ChattSymphonyOrchestra.
Quite excited.
Such a great show and cast.
Eff Kodachrome, that's been gone since '09.
No TriX 400 would be the nightmare.
I guess I better start stocking up.
Interesting.
It seemed to me they were all on the highside.
Lots of toolkits/platforms make even complex functionality easier to do
Thanks Paul!
Gonna be fun!
thanks  men everywhere
misterGunn makes me so mad sometimes 
Looking for sexed curricula that includes queer youth issues.
Your thoughts?
Forgot to mention that I'll need your email addoctorss.
: Send in a DM and you're on.
Is the hot process soap going to get listed anytime soon?
Pretty please?
: The heat got this lol you're dumb
Hit me up, I hit you back...miss me up, I miss you back.
sometimes when you think your in Love your not.
iPromise u can live without them in ur life.
u were born without them right?
:
I Care About you!:
a funny stand up show
Ha!
You are in my neck of the woods then.
I grew up in northern Iowa.
: i'm in florida where you going?
you work for Nordstrom
I asked her straight up nd she didnt even attempt t reject it
made someone cry today with my archival work.
In a good way.
That's a first.
We should start/end our chats with that question!
Hey your website has season 4 of Breaking Bad, season 2 of Louie, and season 2 of Workaholics on there for a while.
WHERE ARE THEY?
Good finale tonight on FallingSkies.
That Spielberg kid knows what he's doing.
UR AWSOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you Please RT or Follow Me You Make My Week
Avengers was pretty sweet.
even in 2d.
Hope the Cowboys can prove me wrong and beat the Giants this Sunday night!
It is the dashboard widgets not generated by plugins
fuck !
my phone is dying 
does anyone know how to fix computers?
i need mine fixed forcheap or free
see, some nights i want to go to bed early then the computer is like NO, YOU MUST STAY AWAKE.
im like K.
Yeah, UrbanOutfitters is pretty awesome!
along the way.
I would greatly appreciate your feedback when you have had a chance to review it.
Thanks again for all you do everyday.
I'm not!
Yes!
We'll be offering a free pitcher per team for those who come to CRISP for some kick ass trivia!
RT NSF has not declined proposal yet on data management, but on the edge projects has an impact.
and Axure 6.5 upgrade is FREE for all current licenses!
awesome possum
CougarTown is moving from ABC to TBS.
Congrats to  crew for keeping the doctoram of well written fun, wine,  friends alive.
At least I'll be done then...
ah cute.
lol
I'm so pissed yet happy!
happy brothersister in law are engaged pissed brothers ex took away my niece she a whore who need 2 rot in hell!
yipee!
it's loads of fun doing that week, lots of crazy parties!
:D
FOLLOW ME BACK
Happy Memorial day!!!
Dear theatres, do yourselves a favor, don't order a chain weighted cyc.
Put a pipe in that!!
Cage fighting was very cold, think I need a hot shower to warm up.
but, much as i like supporting artists / creators, there's only so much sexist  idiotic crap i can stand watching 1x, let alone 20x
Introducing blunts to lighters...
glad I hate coffee
Boyfriend live for the first time  it's on TheVoice; not too shabby.
:D
haha yea she did.
Good looking on that fareal.
I owe her
Hail yeah boiiss!
thanks for the shout out!!
Hope you enjoyed today!!!
:
nice......yep...hate Mondays .....especially rainy ones!
Twitter on my Blackberry isn't updating boo
RT Did You Know?
lost an NHL record 6 times in the Playoffs when scoring the first goal of the game.
..send to
Ah, that makes me feel a bit better.
At least they're still playing at the Rueb!
any shoe looks great on u as long as ur not bare footed.
Did not get enough sleep to debate whether psychology or philosophy is a better way to understand the world.
i'm empty inside, i'm a husk, i can't feel my hands
Thanks you Henderson for all your labeling help two weekends in a row!
Wow..what a trooper!
Tryna take a trip to NYC this summer, the night life scene there is EPIC
wat it do
my seat was taken by some sunglasses asking bout a scar
133?
significance?
139 sounds funnier to me.
we all need that extra keystroke.
re: tweets Will Shrink To 133 Characters
Next I need her to make a movie about being 25 and still being an idiot.
Possibly even more painful.
Hey if you aren't already following you definitely should, her tweets are pretty awesome!!
its honest , theres not much to add
hey girl!
follow us!
we follow back!
Yes.yes.yes.
RT : Great to meet you.
Let's make more art in Boston happen.
Follow me jasmin v
Maybe I love you.
Most feel me..
The rest wanna kill me
Whiskey tasting  Coalfire Pizza last night, Pixies  Aragon tonight, Rob Zombie on Sunday.
Well hello kickass weekend!!!
Variete tonight: singer/songwriter Dean Atkinson.
Comedy by Gerald Torregosa.
Dining by Connie Lacobie :
The sobriquet He's a Scrooge should be a compliment.
It's not how you start, it's how you finish that counts.
Scrooge reformed.
Just filled out the survey had a hard time picking one answer to the question abt exposure to social media.
Good luck!
I'm pretty tied up until midafternoon but I'll check back then :
: Ditto.
Circumventing the system  it can and will be done because the alternative isn't an alternative.
Tune in to listen to ICA perform live today at 8PM on 98.7 WFMT
great win!!
RT: : It's over at Your Pacers defeat the 10590.
led the way with 25pts.
Strength Training Techniques For Beginners  Jogging Tips For ...
It was the Tip a Tiger event for the Tigers foundation.
Great event, the guys were really good sports about the whole thing
It's funny because it sounded like they were talking about a penis!
Hi...
Glad it's Saturday!
Off from work.
Studying now for my college class.
Plan to jog later 2nite.
Hv a nice wkend Every one!!
:
Glad my work bag was in the office and not left behind on BART.
I feel like a cloud has been lifted off my shoulders.
For all you iPhone users download iPhone secrets app.
Tells you everything about the iPhone you probably never knew
This is not about to be a fun weekend..packed with rehearsals and performances and work!
Don't forget...this Sunday is MothersDay!
FUCK U MY LIFE IS WAY BETTER WITH OUT U
Highlight video from the June 24th showcase is now available: www.hierosonic.org
tell her that..
24 Million Little Monsters
Sure..or maybe unless you're a professorssional provacateur a la Rob Bell
They say I faded I'm a stranger Nah I don't want to be bothered FUCK ALL YOU HOES I GET MONEY   that's my persona
Attending the Irving NAACP meeting tonight at 7pm at 530 Davis St.
This is a great organization making a real difference in Irving!
I am friggin obsessed w/ pahhaha!
Hi, friend :D
I don't like Beltre either.
Solid.
Can meet anywhere really.
What's good for you guys?
its ok
I don't wanna look anything up, your sitting right next to me bro.
People need to mind their own fucking business
Thanks to Politico White House reporter for meeting with UMW media and presidency students today.
one of my queens moms if you want to be a represent your city state or country see what one mom has to say www.myspace.com/tropickids
Is there a way that I can get my one team member access inherent to my pro account back?
Putting the girls down for bed then it time for me
My real friends get treated like family
Prelight today in BlueRock Studio for tomorrow's video shoot.
This is going to be one really tough week.
: : can you have your own posters?
I want your face on my wall in the making OMG, YES.!
getting off the internet to read a good book.
thanks for the mention :
Ugh, LUCKY!
That's awesome!
Thats the real world though.
Racism is NOT dead.
I'm scared to ask...
L.A.
Just lost it's only professorssional football team.
They'll wan't the Chargers even more now.
Think how awesome a pick up line that would be though, Hey doctornk girl, wanna come back to my place and see my earth harp?
Outages in sandiego oceanbeach..anybody know whats going on?
Want to have your own pool party?
Tweet us and tell us why most creative reason or idea gets you and all your friends the time of your life
American Idol blows!!
Oh yes...
is the lucky one.
When does el presidente arrive?
isn't that for muscle pain?
Wtf is up with u canadiens lol try to sleep it off
One of my besties tied the knot!
Congrats Nyetty and Dougie!
how do u put furniture into crew clubhouses?
check out our crew it's called 'Shooting Stars' :D
also, no need to apologize.
We know almost zero Japanese.
Maybe check us out?
folk punk: www.myspace.com/thedirges
well I'm usually tired, but I also wake up wanting to hit something, not very good
lis483 Reading Morgan Matson's Second Chance Summer and loving it!
Author's second book  great recc for teen Dessen lovers!
I really enjoyed the big win, but refrained from burning any couches.
Go Cats!
BTW, did you know that doctor John has a new CD out?
Great game!
Not sure I've seen the Longest Route bonus decide the game before.
This text book is actually interesting..
I waited 7 weeks to actually open it.
Tonight we are sending a truck full of supplies our troops collected to Southern IN to help with tornado relief.
weirdest feeling I have ever felt
Dont feel good
I hate when girls pregnant and they just use it for an excuse like after everything I can't I'm pregnant like girl Stfu nobody are .
I'm in a watching High School Musical and eating jelly beans kinda mood...
Don't fucking judge me.
xD
The OWN Network just emailed me.
They want to interview me tomorrow about an A HA Moment I wrote about via their website.
:
lets go swimming!
S/o to the men who gonna take they kids tonight so they BM can go out at least once this yr cuz u haven't gotten them the other 364 days
Sigh.
I would love that.
I miss y'all.
Im going to go read a book...not facebook
Maybe I'll try.
Besides the Bhardwaj films there's a Mallu v.
of Hamlet, Karmayogi.
And a 1982 Hindi film called Angoor.
Happy Birthday pretty lady!
The is verified on Twitter.
So is Major
My mom just told me that I dont have to come home at all the day of prom.
Im excited :D
you have blue eyes?
Tune in to this morning at 9am for some funniness to start the week!
One more weekend to catch the Flying Ks
that one white person who cleans off all the snow with his snow blower.
savingmyenergy ;D
No wonder why we all want to cuddle with him so much;
I have heard veep is good.
Must check it out!
The yumminess of red kale!!
I'll let you know.
I wanna see , but also might wanna hit a CBC event on the way.
and is that retroactive?
hmm.
cool story bro, tell it again
Couldn't stop flirting with one of my interviewers the other day.
IsThisNormal?
Let me just say S/O to the FOOD  Wine last night!!
Delicious!!!
Urban Meyer is a bad liar.
RT : Matthew Sag seems to argues that mass scanning itself is noninfringing.
let the robots read!
Sure you are.
Otherwise you'd be delusional and childish by your own argument.
Lol.

RT : So excited for popup.
foundingfarmers my go to place for holidays/brunches/Tuesdays ...
yeh i figured that much i should be getting my diploma in 4 months EXCITED :
is going with us to see Wicked
Good morning 4 everybody
: Fuck I Wanna Watch The Fight 
I love my book club.
cc
That's it?
That's the best thing you can say after you got up on my nuts and made fun of my dead mother?
lmao  you don't even remember me?
go read my bio
How doctornk do you have to be to dance.
This doctornk.
I love being me !!!
My friend  I were discussing SWV at our Xmas party last Sat  how we wished the jukebox in the bar offered their songs.
Oh lord, people these days.
The Thunder piss me off
A lot of my favorite blackberry theme developers aren't making themes anymore: bummer
RT : We need to rethink our mental models of Baltimore here's 1 initiative helping to do that: www.baltogreenmap.org
I'm doing better thanks I'm at home now and on no meds :
guess who is one twitter !
go wit it go wit it go wit it
Thanks much!
I do believe you get the dubious distinction of being my first 'reply' as I still am figuring out twitter!
;
no way!
I really want to see that exhibition!
I haven't had the chance however to check it out.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see
excited to spend a great day shopping with you tomorrow :  partying at our hotel room!
be yourself don't change...
Going to run into Albertsons and do a little frozen turkey bowling, then shoot a conceptual fashion piece this afternoon.
RT : Never make a choice based only on convenience: Shakespeare said Things sweet to taste often prove sour in digestion
Consolidate with partners and focus on core competency
Are you kidding me i have been tweeting welovegreyson for like an hour and it's not showing up when you search it.../:
Tony Parker worked out Devin Harris!!
Hard to remember sometimes what the sun can look like in all it's glory!
Summer, we see you.
Hes MY addiction!
:D.
Attending the awards event for the HOD internship senior projects.
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to tweeting with you.
:
I seriously love it when guys wear beanies 
that sucks
There should be starcraft trading cards!
good luck!
Cant wait to hear it!
It's going to be a fun weekend
7 keys to a Good relationship: friendship, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, communication, GOD!!!
: as soon as you get here we have to go to sleep.
Even when you miss 5 minutes of a show, you still are completely lost.
6 more to go...
What is yours is mine, and all mine is yours.
then go to a corner   about it till you  punk as
Tired football practice tommorow.
So excited for you!
Good job
The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.John Gilmore.
In case you haven't seen that before
We want to see ForcaClothing in
come see us to play with ThingLink during next break in main hall.
I thought you'd be the first to mention it.
I want to feature one of your blog posts on BlogHer.
Please email me virginiaDOTdeboltATblogherDOTcom for more details.
My twitter ppl, join me on Facebook to receive a free upcoming signed CD to be released in July...
Follow and listen to some good O Country
for our get away I say we leave now  doctorp out now  start a new life in Hawaii or Cancun?
Yes?
Yes?!?
Mine was glowing!
Thanks again for a spectacular course.
I use my learning every day.
Sage advice.
Thanks friend.
Themed airports, 1st submission: Sterling Cooper Field, filled w/beautiful people smoking Luckies  doctornking Manhattans
Just heard the new Justice on 1190.
I wanted to know who it was before I knew but...
I should have known.
Track is pretty good!
Excited about starting new video projects for two longstanding clients.
Added case studies on website of projects with new clients.
HearMeWhisper is going to be amazing!!
So many great things happening, can't wait to share!
Well, additional media I don't care about at all.
They can camp at Mirror Lake for all I care.
In the process of licking me across the face, my dog managed to hit my actual eyeball.
I can now only see out of one eye..
Ok just fall asleep and don't text back!!!
Ahaha
Ooh, no.
I'm intrigued!
Thanks for thinking of us.
It's St.
Patty's Day tomorrow!
In honor of our fave green holiday, the 1st person to name the donut in my professorle pic gets a 5 DD card!
just sent the boy.
He loved it!
Looking forward to a Fall getaway complete w/ good wine, good friends, and target shooting?!
Don't let Jesse judge me.
I'm not boo!
I'm sitting at my desk cause laying in my bed would put me to sleep!
hey Hollie anything new?
Pretty much just been looking for jobs and that's it.
I know I know boring haha
: I believe the correct answer is Delores!
Patriots vs giants
best.
tweet.
ever.
WalkerBalanced Budgetlie  budget has longER term debt service, incurring greater interest costs for state  higher rate.
Child's Future?
hehe how cute i love serenading you 3
Blah blah blah another parking ticket blah blah blah fuck
now im up early in the mornin breath stinkin as im yawnin just another sunny day in californ..i mean milwaukee..80s in march got me jumbled
u should text me sometime u make me laugh and have a great personality :
playin in the sand with doctorw and Landon
Been a long time since I've tried the baking soda paste.
Let me know how well it worked.
Good luck girl!
Praying for you!
The Midnight in Paris Bluray and DVD will be released on 20 Dec.
just in time for the holidays!
Do I hear Oscar bells a ringing?
Feel like eating some ice cream :
i need a coowner but i can't
Need to ensure lite f/ phones isn't disturbing patrons who paid big  for tix.
Difficult in most venues esp historic.
Im determined to be dating a baseball player BEFORE the season is over 3
My fav part about is doctornking the best beer in CA with friends who love it as much as I do!
iwanttowinfreedoctornktokens!!!
: Feeling kinda gooddoctorve safe 
having fun with my apartmentmate.
tenfactsaboutme food  sleep  happiness.
So much for that conversation...
txt me lol..
i dnt have your  anymore.
i wiped my phone cus apps kept crashing i had too many contacts
Do you think you can handle me?.
Back in ny!
Thank you all temple Beth el of boca raton for being so warm  making this holiday so special.
Happy new year.: 3
for tonight's special grass fed steak Tartar, potato chips, horseradish mousse.
Thanks for the NY strip photo to following
you like me!
you really really like me!
Like me more please...
Life literally abounds in comedy if you just look around you
the full paper isn't due until after the conference, but i'll still need stuff to talk about for 20 minutes
Have fun today and dance the night away tonight at Taproom No.307
We deliver the best meals in town.
Quick, Hot  Fresh
he was going to get it after work.
I told him its yours
Golden eagle binder and tab
Almost done with one paper, aceptional time for a twitter break.
BYOD  an ethical dilemma indeed  Home  Doug Johnson's Blue ...
Just sent an email to fingers crossed
Awkward moment when u faint at dinner.
ah!
thanks for the clarification.
:
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..
Go Gemologist
Why of why am I on a cookbook purchasing kick again!
Must hold myself back...
OK.
Lets save some goals for Friday night.
how have you been Tweety!?
Been counting down the days to the pre Cinco de Mayo festivities with TODAY!
Who the fuck is miriah yeast?
Or yeater whatever?
Someone tell Me the story?
congratulations it looks great!!!
Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm.
COOK, Spurs!
COOK!!
Agreed!
Quoting Mark Shaefer: 'Twitter is networking on steroids!'
start with some peppermint or ginger tea.
Then eat things that seem like someone already digested them!
Soup, oatmeal, etc.
Selassie I ...Have you a need for cover art?
give me a shot to provide you with one on my images...would be an honor.
I live nemo so much!!: he's so cute
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible.
do you walk around your house in sparkly onesies by chance?
is there a twitter list of purdue alumni that you know of?
one last note this morning: if you need a great band for a party, festival, rockin' wedding or club, let us know.
we're booking for summer
Can a person have values and morality without religion?
Hello Louisiana!
on MTV!
go with chris to the beach tomorrow!
He's being a punk and doesn't want to go
omg, they broke facebook, so i had to come here to find out why i cant log in
People will believe anything if you whisper it .
The new Santigold album.
Enough said.
Eventhough it was an accident, why in the hell were US Soldiers instructed to burn books from a library anyway?
RT : There's a show on called Waking the Baby Mammoth...
need I say more?
not to make fun of a name, but Jason Duffner is about the worst name to have for a golfer who's about to win the PGA
just had the exact same thought!
Hope you enjoy the parades today:
Going to dash
you were quite entertaining on Dan Patrick Show
Wondering how successful I was at hiding the bacon I hope I did good cause breakfast meat is off limits
Bruno: All of our economic arguments are in KeepingOurPromises.
The phenomenon called substitution  Card Kruger shows this is not true.
thanks so much for the FF!
oxox
Spring cleaning :
What happens if I say no?
it ain't working hold on
Slick tongue.
Learn how to get found in the blogosphere
so how was ur day?
I swear this is desperate housewives at times
PR Tip of the Day: The key to social media is dialogue between you and your followers.
Share thoughts, ideas, and interests.
Yes, a rarity these days
Feel like I've been shot out of a cannon this morning.
Hope to decrease speed before anything appears in my path.
Awesome!
Will have to come by and try some :
will do :
Something is wrong when a child can see the violence in the Hunger Games, yet they cannot see Bully without an adult escort!
Mira Awad performs  JFK Library on 4/29 to honor Palestinian  Israeli youth who are working to make peace in Middle East instead of war
Carlo's gay  needs to shut up.
Wahoo, finally seeing muppets!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
Clicgear USA is very thankful for all of our loyal customers.
J.Cole 3
to do smaller productions, my credit cards and hard doctorves are full.
i want to travel and make some smaller films
He could, of course, be both.
Carters Chord liners, up now in Artist Audio!
Check them out!
My son's on Twitter : Is yours?
RT : My mom's on Twitter: .
Is yours?
RT : The San Diego Natural History Museum is marking 100 years since the Titanic sinking, with special offers..
on at 5
To the west hollywood arsonist...
my car is parked in a garage off santa monica and larrabee...
will be there all weekend...
take your time.
Muah!
Have a great weekend ;
Took a day off to celebrate our 11th wedding anniversary.
switched from my ipad to laptop and cannot for the life of me find mentions on the desktop site.
hey Juan how've you been?
its sad 2 say none of these so called NY rappers are spitting flames these days but they always got extra time in handy 2 pursuade beef.
Home from replacing lost birth certificate  passport.
Thought I'd wait all day, but was in and out in 2 hours.
Thanks, !
I hope you didn't mind that I took creative liberties with that fb image!
In my mind we share a secret love for 90's rap!
I have looked everywhere on my OkCupid professorle for where it says Casual sex but I don't see it anywhere.
WTF these guys talkin about?
Love love this weather.
So ready for Spring!
Only 2 for Clay?
0 Aaron??
Debate at work...
Who's hotter or ?
possibly go to the track meet probably sit at home and watch tv.
he is out of town.
Maybe will do it.
At some schools, it's a lot; at other schools, it's almost nothing.
Perfect night at to end a great weekend.
Feeling proud, one of my daughters has been accepted into film school and one has been accepted into law school.
:
RT Thanks to and for all their help in making last nights YDs event such a huge success!
Not sure what to do about classes for next fall.
There isn't much I want or need to take.
i miss you...
i heard you got a new job?
the last time I had a pot of chives going in the windowsill was pretty great.
Used them all the time, but not since...
Who will have more of a fantasy impact Gronk or Hernandez?
Throughout the world, this is happening.
: The revolution will be tweeted.
Zach we need to find girlfriends so we have something to do.
Hope I anit take to long :O
we'd love to provide one next time you're in town!
The color purple is swag.
Pleasure's all mine, Josie.
I love revenge!
Alpha Natural Resources sets up mine safety and health foundation: Bristol, Va.,based Alpha Natural Resources, a major U.S.
coal pro...
The fat blond on Smash is insufferable.
A welldeserved mini break!
I hope CavDog got some relaxation time too.
DC has such a great legal services community.
Great to see so many familiar faces at Covington where NLSP's new ED was honored.
Two definitive survey leaders in the library world: U of WA and Emory.
Both collect faculty data aggressively and share it widely
Thanks for the follow :
keep yo brightness low fool haha
Monday it is!
NO MATTER WHAT!!!!
:
happy birthday !
i love youu 3333 :
Too cute!
3
Instead of teeth, birds have bills made of the protein keratin.
Finches have a short, conical bill wellsuited for cracking open seeds.
Hanging out with a bunch of weather anchors from across the country...talking weather!
i know you're on twitter.
soo, you should tweet me.
love ya.
:
Bob, I took photos of historical displays at Cuba's Museo de la Revolución in 2004; let's discuss in class tonight.
time to start my research paper ...
Bummed I'm missing Glee but excited to be in class.
I have a scene tonight!
Im looking forward to it!
Don't text me with spoilers!
Haha
Ok, who is going to the Benefit Auction tomorrow and can absentee bid for me?
ThingsOnMyMind Wait now what were we talking about????
We've never actually really seen ourselves.
We've never seen our face in person; only mirrors, reflections,  pictures.
When the Black  Latino Caucuses get together...good things are about to happen, right?
there wasn't a single defender, including Howard, who had a figgin' clue on that sequence.
Pretty bad D there
JWilly scoring for the Kings!!
I know he doesn't want to break out those golf clubs until July
i wanna cry, not because im sad, because im angry.
as fuq
Criminal Minds is so addicting.
hahahaha I love Reid  Morgan!!
:
here we go....artistic differences :
May 9,1912: Churchill was aboard the Admiralty yacht, Enchantress.
Visited by King George V and dined aboard the royal yacht.
didnt think u were liam : I love you
doctorams Money Can Buy
Officially have lost my mind its somewhere out there if u find it, tell it I need it back...before I go insane, n cant think straight!!!!
Happy birthday princess 
Check your math.
One week plus two weeks equals three weeks not two
Awesome, I can enjoy some DDeliciousness on my way to work!.
RT : WhitefishBay We.
Are.
Open.
iLoveMyMomBecause She offers the best dose of tough love out there  .keeps you focused on what matters most.
I'd wouldn't FUCK a pregnant BITCH..
boi thats what u tweet to get some last minute NEW YEAR ASS : to each his own lol
Two runs, nine runs, who gives a shit?
Brewers can't hit.
I don't like this game.
I like when the Yankees win.
What is it about you...I just don't
All I want for Xmas is 98 more rep on Workplace SE so I can edit questions outright before they go downhill.
Save All the Questions!
Open minded leads to great ideas
I didn't feel it :/
What an interesting walk to class I just had.
do it
Looking for a change?
Call Chris Lukens I can help you.
575 5185
I just joined a ranked queue, how long will you be playing?
Happy National Pigs in a Blanket Day!
We didn't prepare to celebrate...
I'm thinking a donut shoppe run is in store for us.
RT : wish u was here so I could share this money wit u :  Lol.
Shh holla at cha Guala !
sick of what?
I HATE WHEN I HAVE TO SEND TEXT'S THAT'LL PROBABLY BREAK SOMEONES HEART!
Design theory, UI, UIX, Task Completion, etc.
Then let your friend pick tools that work for them  Prog langs, Editors, etc.
Looks like I need to clean up my twitter a bit I hit a limit.
Sorry I will follow those that follow me in a few min.
awww congrats !
So excited for you guys :
I was seeing it up around 1.3GB before I removed some addons.
Now thing are running much better.
Daft Punk  cleaning  way more done!
:
I was a little sad when I looked at all your beautiful Instagram photos and didn't see any of those dick pics I've been sending you.
I hate that I don't have on this phone.
Carson Racing would like to wish doctorver, Brennan Newberry, a very Happy Birthday!
yeah its raw as fuck
: Wow.
Awesome win.
Respect.
nccetl Wolverhampton England.
Every kid uses smartphones as primary learning device.
They couldn't afford 1:1 computing.
they are!
Haha
The best treasure resides in graveyards: Many people died with doctorams inside of them that they were afraid to try.
Calling all collegiate entrepreneurs in NY: Enter the NY State Biz Plan Competition, 100K in prizes!...
send me the link
Just to clarify: we tweeted that on January 13.
Gallery Walk is the second Saturday of every month, i.e.
last week.
The sign of true intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Politics Plus Newt got too many baggages to carry.
I am in such a fabulous mood I just want to tell all of you amazing people CARPE DIEM!!!
no I am not high...
Just high on life!!!
: Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good//amen!
Beer Pouches are 10 off, and all tshirts are 25 off, we're continuing our it's a great Holiday Sale!
www.brewcityonline.com
Regardless of how you feel about him its great to see sid the kid able to lace em up again
Can I just say I am so happy Mondo won?
He is one of the most talented designers I've seen.
I THOUGHT HE WAS DA 1.
CLEARLY HE WAS TOO MUCH OF A GIRL 4 ME.
REAL NIGGAS HMU.
IMMA OLD SCHOOL BTTM
Friday, recording video shoot for MusicTimeline .
Very nice!
Our cabin just got fucking robbed.
there goes my ipod.
whoa...
What's next?
woah that's crazy!
guess i'll have to pick a sport for my kids to play haha.
Facebooked.
Tweeter.
Put new pictures on the kids' blog.
Yep, that's a full social networking day for me.
Just read the entire timeline of while waiting on Adam Dean at CotteyCollege.
Life is good.
well I was looking into buying the keyboard but wanted to know if there were any bugs or issues ppl had
RT : I never cheer against UK...
But COME ON WESTERN KENTUCKY!!!
almamater // wow!
But totally understandable.
i love justin bieber with all my hearrt an soul
thanks!
I hope I like it but I guess I'll make the best of it while I'm there!
haha
club zanzabar was crazy i didnt get home till 6 a.m
what would Coach Kish say?!
Restaurants: More hat racks please!
The other ones too, please!
No no kickstarter I did a thing off of FB
can't wait!!!!
WAY BACK will sound the best it ever has though our speakers!
We are listening :
The NBA is teaming up with sanofiaventis and the ADA for the doctorbble to Stop Diabetes campaign.
ha ha ha, love those packers!
The AuburnGeorgia rivalry is 53 years older than the the slinky.
When asked in class to name a company making a difference, I said No minimum investment gives EVERYONE financial freedom.
Mike is the bf right?
I've been so out of touch!
Shame on me!
Wing Bowl tonight......ya digg
Oh Brach.
Nevermind.
Yeah he will be good.
so nice to see u from the glass windows :
Who needs awesome HEADSHOTS at an affordable price?!
www.istandout.com
lol I loved the novel and the film.
I need to read and watch it again.
I have not seen the family guy parody.
I'm going to now ha
March 2022 is the Nebraska Museums Association 2012 conference.
Anyone know if they plan on using a hashtag for Twitter?
But of course.
What a BRILLIANT idea!
well that sucked haha
I was seriously so excited for tomorrow, and you paid for them already!
It's hard enough growing up and it doesn't really help when people are constantly cutting you down.
Selena Gomez
at the bestfriends house watching her mom cook  dance to !
np : beez in the trap ft.
2chains
let's meet next time u r in Memphis
SWOP Colorado was representing at the slut walk!
FOLLOW THE BALLOONS......
24 hour fitness downtown Sac!
Monday nights with Quirina are the best!!!!!
hey my besties today i went to costco n say mister,wheiler she has sunburn lol:p
Thank you Alissa thats so nice of you to say.
Sorry it took so long to get back to you
Back to school for me today :, that cold was horrible but my vocals are ready to work again :D
Whats your website url?
she cleaned up !
Huge value
What, you dont like it?
How do you keep life simple in this age of overload?
Good afternoon everyone!
What's new...besides the rain?
Even when I walk through a dark valley, I fear no harm for You are at my side; 
Is it live at saga
lol I always be up late night what you doing up.....
Shit that I hear
who else thinks she looks amazing?
i know i do :
Follow Me Please!?
71
RT Bout to run to the gas station.
I need the exercise.
Gas is 3..
Blessed my socks off to hear this UGA cheerleader lift up the name of Jesus on Good Mornin America!
Whoever think they words affect me is too STUPID!
RT : So true.
The 'pregnancy police' R everywhere.
So much judgment; doesn't end w/ delivery, either...
just one more day till froday....
I can do this :P
bro this Saturday I work 105 and then I picked up a shift from 5close so we are going to split a pizza.
Bet?
I am sure he is love u
Last day of classes.
Yay.
Last day of grading?
I wish.
I.
Seriously.
Hate.
Her!
Shit dude.
Sorry to hear that!
RT : Looks like I'm having surgery next week.
What a way to spend spring break
RT : Twice!
RT : Charles Woodson is 1st player ever to win 2 NFC Defensive Player of Month awards in same season
is giving away 10 copies of PhotoAlbums for iPhone  iPad via  Cydia required
just told me that he was doctorpped on his head when he was little..
that's sad.
Congratulations to the on advancing to the World Series.
Go NL!
AL  its game perverting DH is for bedwetters.
I've never been in a Water Spout Warning before today.
Wicked clouds over the ocean.
Looking out for flying whales!
every little thing you do ...
Thanks U for Sharing !
Enjoy Ur Twts !
Davis Fam GA 
OMG Twitter is freaking out over you!!
Are you leaving Korea or not!?
Demi Lovato may be a judge on the XFactor?
Uh
I don't wanna accept Justin's an adult.
:
in mississippi
ff Do it or else!!!
Phrases made obsolete by technology: Bring some quarters in case you need to use a phone.
Thanks buddy :
Thanks!
Heading to a PhilliesDodgers game here at Dodger Stadium before I leave, to say goodbye to my old team and hello to new
Rain is open normal hours today.
5:30am to 10pm.
Classes are running as scheduled.
Updates will be posted if anything changes.
so the packers have to trade for colt mccoy now.
he can say/do whatever the hell he wants to me.
kibbles n bits
People with specialized training miss so many big things.
I hope to the Universe that I don't have such blinders.
just submitted v.1.9 to the AppStore tonight....and a few new features!
Version 2.0 is in the works.....keep your eyes out!
Will do!
My head is smarter than my heart
follow Did You Mean Australia?
new official twitter page!
Good tweets coming from and at the UT football team spring practice.
The 45minute spinning class kicked my butt yesterday!!!
1st attempt  Xmas shopping today was a fail!
Pickings r slim out there, see what I can get 2mister.
have another on me then...lemme do some digging, I think i can swing it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK:
In Nubibus  In the clouds, not yet settled
yours is the honor of having the first account that softbounced my email newsletter.
;
The Horseshoes always bring Luck to the Colts!
so proud of you, Daddy.
Good morning everyone!
We've made it to Friday
I'm Ugly As Shit When I Run ,
A special ff The biggest reason I watch Thursday nights and a freaking awsome dude
a scientist said the only true foods are from plants and animals.
the rest, edible objects.
Dont Forget To Follow Me Back I follow back
lol I'm extra late too!
A tweet the next day!
:D
I can't wait to see that Smurf movie Nobody
Pogo by Digitalism is such a good song.
maybe I will run the amy prefix, ketal and water, shot of powers, and a p funk for 10 hahaaa
Thanks for the heads up!
I'll have to check them out!
chewing your meat?
i thought you were watching the OC not porn
Alright 3 hours and 40 min I'll be out of the cube!
Riki leaves LA to follow LOG on tour going 60 miles an hour.
How long will it take a peg legged monkey to shingle a doghouse ?
Gonna start doctorpping hundoctordyearold references in casual conversation so that other people know I'm smarter than they are.
RT : It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top Henry Ward Beecher
THanks for the retweet...
what do you GiveObamaCreditfor...
Char Booth says Don't be afraid of your own enthusiasm!
lol you never respond to me on here or fb
Goodnight Michelle!
You must be very tired if you're going to bed this early!
You cant always have your cookies and cake
I'm a parent: Once I figure out how to tune out crying I might be able to survive this shit.
Till then here is the pack'n'play in a closet.
I don't think I've seen an Apple death knell for a while...
how about you?
Id rather die on my feet than to live on my knees
Red hot Dempsey is right.
YUM!
People can live one hundoctord years without really living a minute
: Plus you can go right across the street to the W afterwards and show them the view!
.
Have you seen any Keep the Ride Alive shirts on campus today?!
There should be about 75 of them roaming around there.
CC:
If Kansas wins anything is possible.
Fuck it dude, let's go bowling.
7 million usa homeless people too.
most are invisible.
come here let me hold you, have i told you lately..
I love you like crazy, girl
I love being surrounded by great people everyday I cannot thank them enough for all the opportunities that I've been presented with
Im opening my own strip club ...
Club No Weak Bitches On Stage opening soon ...
Err!
Skins didn't get Chad Clifton...oh well...got to look elsewhere for an OT now /
Good look no doubt.
I don't freakin like them!
My day is going alright; I finally got some things organized.
Thanks for asking : How's your day coming along?
Hey, I'm following you, I'm that beauchamp person who's coming up to VYR next Thursday...
Text Cow
The doctorke tour is smackin!!
the summer jam lol meek mill 2chains French montana waka and j.
Cole team doctorke no brainer
All I can say is Eh Eh...
Off to Miyagi's for Karaoke!
Busy weekend is a comin'!!!
i want to make a video things people say when watching people say things that people say
Great..a ginger movie
I'm not running my mouth via text to all the Louisville fans that did to me yesterday.
I feel like you're not telling me everything traaav!
Nah.
Our tailgate is located on the grass along the tennis center.
No parking lot for us.
Bonnie Pitman, winner of top aam2011 prize, helped create EdCom.
We educators owe her our thanks, and credit for development of our field.
YourCuteAndAllBut your a player.....i dont like Players.
if your gonna date someone, like them for them...not just because your bored...
dang bro, didn't think you'd be up this late.
Hey Pls come 1333 H Street NW  Center 4 American Progress 250 Ben  Jerry's loving employees :
So proud of and her great news!!
Aw Okay..I hope my mama dont be on no bs with me imma be soo madd
Queuing at the nerdoctorck concert at MIT150 cog sci event Brains, Minds and Machines.
Excitement!
and corn hat!
oh ....wait really?
Bring Back Ringer 14
Another outrageously beautiful day in Milwaukee today.
Seriously need to look into a retractable roof for the office.

singing Yesterday...so hot it's ridiculous.
Well done guys, well done!
:
Unless u r helping ur team Beat the Os.
Shouldn't u worry about PLAYING, 1st ?
Jeez
hey dude follow me!
lvima use code save10 at checkout to save 10 on classes, lessons, activities and camps!
Be a thought leader?
Build eminence?
Become the visible expert?
Execs I work with mean lead with ideas that help clients  impact business.
its ok baby!!
i like, but i did not have any direct influence!
holy moly!
congrats!
It's because I have bacon...
Don't forget!
ALL Left Behind  Rapture 2011 shirts are 25 off between now and the next Rapture, October 21!
smashtagconcepts.com
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is doctoramless, soulless and visionless
goodnight my dear followers :
Damn Did Yall See Durant's Dunk?
4sureits all good if its different then that means you're either attempting 2reach your true artistic potential or u have :p
Thanks much Trini...happy new year to you!!!!!
Hope you have had nice weekend.
I've been packing up for the move.
Feeling emotional.
The BlueLine always makes me sleepy
got u joe!...boo jackson  2
New capabilities emerge just by virtue of having smart people with access to stateoftheart technology.
Robert E.
Kahn
lol where's the like button when you need it?
;
Why is this guy giving a speech during our lunch...?
so glad everybody in helo is okay
Are you or anyone you know fluent in ASL?
whoop whoop!
hi n yea thanks 4 the follow FRESHMEN BITCHES
may know the Mayor of Boston, but I AM THE MAYOR OF FUNKYTOWN.
: Too many cameras out there.......
I'm glad I'm really a storyteller and not a gear hoarder, keep focused on what really matters
lol, but they still don't be doing good mixes with all that
Justin got into a minor car crash!?
I hope he's okayy!
I love you Justin!
Javale McGee is pure entertainment
Does Any Body Else Find It Ironic That The Newest Strip Club In The City Is Called The Palms?
is it okay if I feel the need to rip my own throat out?
ICANTSTOPCOUGHINGKILLME
Call yourself a philanthropist if you volunteer, have a bake sale, or give your time and skills.
Your gift is significant
Homewerks is dumb.
;
YOU KNOW IT!!
late night talk with friend's bro.
this is cool.
stick to the beat.
Partythe.townhouse2nite
It's definitely a continuum.
Plus, introverted doesn't always equal shy, even though it's a common assumption.
Ch.12 To settle question of dominance and subordination
yo, Haabeebee is gonna get your asses.
He was pissed and I was lmao so hard I almost slipped in the shower.
The Giro still hasn't taken as wonderful advantage as the TdF of the touristdoctorw possibilities of their telecast.
We can't wait to have you Deep In the Heart!
lol ill see you soon!
THANKS FOR INVITING ME
The temple of the most high begins with the body which houses our life, the essence of our existence...
Haile Selassie
God be the glory and the blessing will over flow for you.
The Midyear twitter stream is almost all spam and malicious links.
Click at your peril.
old for sure.
Nice Sly Song!!!
Former Spurs Guard George Karl gets win 1000 to put him 7th on the all time list.
Unfortunately, the three above him are still coaching.
Boyfriend on repeat , While im taking my EOC .
:
hey haters
hee hee  just didn't want to see the ol' gal hurt herself!
30 min run .
Return to
Meet many brilliant educators at Sidwell Friends today with
RT : Budget is biggest catalyst for change, from stovepipes to enterprise
organizing microfilm lamps today!
tedious but makes the time fly by.
hey, shout out to my brother man.
i just wanted to say that.
Have a great weekend!
Solid performance by Eli.
Giants played the best football at the right time
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, you know the spiritual enemies I crave triumph over today.
Grant me strength for this day.
Due to an unforeseen government hash tag conflict, our malt liquor charity 40dollars is on a temporary hiatus.
you always do things that way.
Gonna get to stoppin in my air forces ones....
NOT
BABY COME BACK
no text back again, smfh.
I think I just heard Michael Giacchino quote A Love Supreme repeatedly in the Medal of Honor: Vanguard soundtrack
ACC champs lets go
Pretty stoked on the launch tomorrow night.
Amazing magazine and amazing founder!
Great representation for Seattle fashion.
congrats to my friend who finished her first 1/2 marathon!!!
Awesome lady!
Worth it, doesn't doctorg.
When you've waited so long for this, you don't want it to end.
ha welp I guess well find out soon enough
SULFUR compounds in the mouth cause bad breath  enable inflection.
Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE.
www.closys.com SLS free!
Have I mentioned how much I enjoy having beer on tap at our house?
Have I mentioned how much I love my wife?
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T.
Washington
Jason, to me, you're Twilight Sparkle.
; 
Just because I like you, doesn't mean I stand by everything you do.
Being stupid isn't cute to me.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others.
Keep smiling.
Mother's love is peace.
It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
Erich Fromm happymothersday ;
At Mulvaney's Pig on the Corner for Soup Line  awesome fundoctoriser for Loaves  Fishes and St.
Johns shelter.
The weather has cleared up, so come down to tonight!!
will be on all night!
who ur girl
Don't you mean Frye out?
Hill in?
All of us want an Extraordinary Life but we cannot achieve it because we have an ordinary mind.
That's why you should stay in Oklahoma!
:
Tomorrow morning, Thursday, tune into Good day Dallas for a special acoustic performance with PAO!
Set your DVR!!!
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: One third of all adults experience difficulty distinguishing left from right!
time moving slow.
I'm Gonna marry TACO:D

kgon.
That's blood on the plow not fire.
I must be old.
great food especially the Mary Ann
Requests to withhold public documents from the EP Times were submitted by both the EPISD and the U.S.
Dept.
of Ed.
: I forgot how I looked with Braces.
did you see a picture or got them on again?
:O
If ur tweets use your own hashtag over  over  over again, U may want to rethink.
Be here to listen  not just to be heard Twitter tip,
You can all kiss my homeless ass!!!
Jobs are hard to find.
And no one wants to help the poor!
We're just pressh: we all need to
I heart : i heart
Very interesting topic.
Thanks for bring up the discussion!
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
Read HungerGames out of order.
Blame DonDeLillo 4 me not even noticing til 1/4 into secondactuallynotthird book, lol.
But: loved all.
Peel that banana!
Smash dat kiwi!
Touch that old man in inappropriate places, and scream I want some jellyfish flavored ice cream!
M tasty
White Earth Tribe proposes metro area casino with revenues split 50/50 with state to build new Vikings stadium
did he give you some links?
hey its october 22nd ya bastid!!!
:
Jumping in the whip  all I hear is Jayz It's The Hard Knock Life Let's go...
To me, the preChristine Perfect McVie is real Fleetwood Mac...which would be before women in the band.
I do love later band.
Nvm the 12 more days everyone rub your buddhas for a bond...
I'm about to die!!!!!!
I miss my boyfriend!!
hey you loom good with u pretty eyes
Just like people don't realize most of the evil done in the old testament was done by god himself...
ok rule accepted...how about I'm feeling a series win?
Lol
mentions dead.
k.
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
is starting his weekend off rightRENEWING HIS TABS AT THE DOL!!
WOO!
SPRING BREAK!!!!1 flash
nm just opened twitter,u?
No joke: some of my students couldn't finish their physiology lab today b/c their skinny jeans were too tight.
Wondering if all the marketing stuff I see on Twitter will eventually kill it.
Everyone wants to make money on Twitter.
But is this good?
A General Authority said Google it.
Love it!
Now there's an aching in my back; a stabbing pain that says I lack the common sense and confidence to bring an end to promises.
Costumes, tricks and treats, chocolates and fun  a day to step into some new shoes.
May you smile and laugh a lot  and get your fav...
saa11 is the official tag.
But use both if you want to reach everyone
So this girl with the twitter name of is like one of my closest friends I have here and I LOVE HER!!
Happy Birthday!!3
I passionately hate this shit!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it me or is it very ironic that Rihanna is in the Battleship movie working in the navy.
lol
The guy who your talking about an I think I know who ; lol
Collaborate?
Guide?
RT what term should we use?
Hoarder?
Lion tamer?
Bartender?
mojitos make my world tolerable at 5pm
So excited for ICON12!
Got my reg packet.
So many people at the Biltmore PHX tonight.
YOU need to market your business!
What better way than with printed tees or embroidered polos?
Call us TODAY 8772449913
YOU ARE UNIQUE
Hey everyone!
Where are we going to dinner and doctornks tonight?
Call me at 503.227.1234.
I'd love to give you a ride!
There are seriously only six people on this flight.
Ow, my carbon footprint.
land of JOYRICH and supra!
It's part of a senior activity kit about farming.
I live in Chicago.
I've known BHO and Michelle for 20 years.
You've just sent me rightwing lies.
In the mood for a big ol' steak!!!
SkyCity Executive Chef Jeff Maxfield suggests that you use 7Up or Sierra Mist to keep apples from turning brown after you cut them.
www.papajohns.com you can use my CC.
That make it better ?
Get extra garlic butter
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight?
MidnightHungerGames!
Going to ABQ in 24 hours!
Are the fans at the spring game to see football or to see the next big star on the hardwood
Bout to go get it in
sometimes disconnecting from power, pulling the battery out, letting it sit for 10s then trying again works
True, Dirks has been on fire
Man, I slept hard
Follow me tho...
yayyyyyy back on twitter
Went hard all fall like the ball team
Avatar is on right now.
By far my favorite movie ever!!!
Thanks to all who made it out to the show last night!
We had a blast!
Anyone have recommendations of people to talk to about Higher Ed Marketing Recruitment trends for my Grad thesis?
where is my Honey Bee?!?
It is good to see someone using research in discussion
And it wouldn't be CHICAGO without this weather 3
People resonant to pitch specifically.
Sing scales to help our body stay in tune...
Do Re Me...!
All our best from FCS
No bulls fan wants to see this team lose a team coached by Doug Collins.
At least I don't
you're gonna do awesome!
Good luck at the talent show!
:
TY for the RT!
Tonight my balance includes quinoa, mushrooms, beets, and fish.
I hope you were screaming from the press box, Feigen!
Get doctorgic in!
Another great day of training at the The Gym  Humble, TX ...pretty in some major work getting these players ready for AAU/College.
ha ha ha ha!!
That is so true!
Thank you!
She got me the Los Naranjos  it's delicious!
Happy birthday!
Enjoy...
more than welcome partner.take care
agreed my man, see you soon!
King the forgiver
So this is why my cable bill is outrageous RT CBS professort More Than Doubles on Rerun Sales, Fees From Cable TV Operators
Today feels like a crafty kinda day...
Aaron's working tonight so it'll be just me and a pair of scissors!!
Good Monday Morning!
It's going to be a Fantastic week, cuz 'Every Day's a Holiday' Only 12 more days until we'll be in the Caribbean!
:
and we're also really looking forward to having you here on 4/23!
LOL there is coffee in the castle!
Get your doctornk on!!!
and thanks for following us ;D
First practice of the season rocked at Sauvie Island
worst day ever.
i just wanna leave  never come back..
tired of slaving awayy..
So exhausted.
Overwhelmed.
And excited about my new job.
Making beer for a living is not as easy as it sounds...
has changed to
I was a kid but I knew it was wrong and I did nothing.
That because I was a meteorologist in Orlando.
I'm now on the air in Southern California.
Thank you for letting me know that is a fake account.
All complements were ment for the real Nam Le!
Nice tip!
Well, THAT is a pleasant surprise.
: 
Joining us for Alumni Weekend?
Watch UCAW12 for the latest updates or add your own adventures.
Top o' the morning to you!
Congrats!
Proud of you and the team!
: Jumped 13'2.5, broke the sectional and the school record!!
Plus our 4x1 won!!!
September sounds like a great idea.
Can't wait to have you all!
Dale Hunter made it seem as if though his time as a NHL coach, present and future, is over.
Being in between belt holes so you have to either wear it too tight or too loose 
Oh, thats the guy you flirt with on facebook; haha ryan.
its chill ginger baby!
We need a pal wow soon!
Its doctorstic when ya start hearing voices.
lol
I clearly work in the eventbusiness.
One of my first questions during grammys was I wonder how much liability insurance they carry.
That look you have is plenty...lol
shouts to i did follow back, hunni.
Happy birthday , you handsome bastard.
Why do you love your eyesight?
Send us pictures of what things you love to see everyday!
Keep calm and project runway.
Hahah
looking forward leading the 4:30 discussion How Well Do You Know Your Audience?
at Monday's
Poetry lovers, it's time to come out of the closet, get the poem out of your pocket, read it out on the corner, and rock it!
Happy May Day...what are you planting in your garden?
The patio furniture is out.
We're ready to enjoy a sunny weekend.
Come on over and join us!
Seeing george clinton tonight at the 930 club.
model up : so much to do to
And that's why I'm single now!
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
Pleased to be painting a heartsculpture benefiting !
Yes HOT PINK will be used!
When I'm bored.
I start shit.
I stir up pots.
I need some kind of entertainment.
My phone not working  there is no television.
individuals have been contacted.
Now done with my MEA 582 midterm exam and project progress report.
I 3 LiDAR!
backtoschool While you're chilling in class today, tell a friend to Attempt to Fail, see what they say, then tell'em to check us out online
Take a deep puff n exhale ...U Breathin .....
honestly I haven't listened to the radio in the last couple months...
I'm all about CD's of the old songs I've listened to...
Today at CDL we got to hear a great talk by Salvatore Mele of
Favorite episode so far.
Very impressive to see a GWU alumni kicking butt and taking names.
listen up, renew.
I was saying that caus im blinded by yellow when im on your page.
haha
I had never heard of that movie before today.
Now everyone is talking about it!
Will have to have a date night to see it!
Miami brought the HEAT today!!!
dang girl, this season isnt gonna be the same.../:
the new Jesus culture is so good!
I'll be hosting.
CU there RT Who else besides these folks are going to ?
blessings to you too.
maybe youtube?
or like Hulu
who did you go with!?
Twitterstorians, looking for recommendations of a good biography for an American Jewish History Course.
Thoughts?
yes we missed u
Why is it still socially acceptable to wear Ed Hardy it's not
Thank you for your beautiful performance of Celtic Pops last night.
It was a truly special event!
cardboard box
.
Love your Pinterest board.
Great B2B example of what can be done.
Haha!
NBC Sports is taking a page from its Football Night in America broadcasts.
Jockeys introduce themselves and their horse!
Problem with austerity is it's come to mean take from everyone else so the very rich/powerful don't have to change what they're doing.
It takes the tourists who are on vacation to remind me I live in a beautiful place.
Sometimes you gotta stop and play in the sand.
;
just cause im over it, don't mean im over him3
MPIYA ENT PRESENTS..
IT AINT EASY BEIN ME MIXTAPE BY NAUGHTY!!!
WE GOT PLENTY HEAT FOR 2012!!!
STAY TUNED WORLD!!!
No poems can please for long or live that are written by waterdoctornkers.
Horace
Totally, you can use any you like, we recommend Heartbreaker or Her Song for hard rock/blues, Gimme Some Time for an Alt groove
TechCrunch just reported that they're also including some extra filters as part of the deal.
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Yeah you do that.
ACTION STEPS: 1.
Take a Personal Retreat.
2.
doctorft your personal mission statement.
mine aswell!but im broke  jobless aswell!b like bradgelina  adopt me!lol!
Bill, thx 4 following.
Very cool that our interests overlap a lot: Orlando, b2b sales,
The bike/pedestrian dynamic is as bad as the bike/car dynamic.
I think it comes down to sense of selfish entitlement on peoples part.
This is too all my friends i am so proud to have all of you in my life bc every single one of you have made a huge chance in my life 
K guys I'm tryin to stAy awake please start a conversation plz
why not buy headphones to keep at work
Q5: how do you communicate with your designer/client?
A5: every client is different, not every client wants to use basecamp....
good season to be suspended tho....dont have a QB
it will be interesting to see what happens with Peyton over the next few months.
Big decisions have to be made in Indy!
if your a brunette get a pencil thats 2shades lighter!
Just passed a middle aged man jogging down my street singing 'Pressure' at the top of his lungs.
oh so what?
im invisible?
thats ok i've always wanted super powers ;D
Why isn't running an hour long special on their own apology?
Airport Sacramento b terminal.
They need to replace this already.
I'm auditioning to be in the music department to do vocal performance!!!
:
Thursday night at the movies: Take Shelter, with the terrifyingly great MichaelShannon.
Restful doctorams unlikely.
I'm down haven't doctornk that in months.
Bringing bak some gates sauce to
RT : Listening to mister Thomas Hayes of talk about Marketing  Branding in higher education.
CincinnatiShoutout!
It took Nussbaum 13 minutes to get to Tennessee's antisharia law.
Random question, but did anyone ever find that All American cassette you hid a couple of weeks back?
When someones talking n u just want them to shut up but u don't want to be rude so u ignore them:
thanks for the help, know of a good stylist?
The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.
Kahlil Gibran
Tune in to Colbert, taking on Wisconsin politics
WaysToImpressMe Being honest and respectful!:
We are selling the Breast Cancer Shopping Card in stores!
Use it to get 20 off starting Oct 28Nov 6, benefits the American Cancer Society!
I can't agree more!
Dems using OWS to push an idea?
Or is it just a few Dem pols and pundits who agree with at least one thing OWS stands for?
I love one of my male friends to the end, he just an ain't shit boyfriend.
Point.
Blank.
Period.
Could not possibly said it any better than that!
Cold but bitch I'm hot I stay with dough like domino's I let em know my flow running snot like a common cold 54321 take off 414 oh 4 sho!!
Oh no!
I leave on Saturday...
Mickey has been asking about u!
EXCITED to be part of Chicago teachin Jan7/8 humanrights law torture indefinitedetention Guantanamo Bagram DETAILS SOON!
And I'm fine with that!
some brownies sure sound good right now
You know what the problem is with wearing a Starfleet uniform in Texas?
You really find out what it means to Live Long and Perspire.
I just walked across stage!
Woo hoo!
Who doesn't love cupcakes?
oh hell Naw ain't nothing go change!!
It's gonna be just like last time!
I'm surprised after two hours of brilliant writing, my heart didn't explode out of my chest.
Lies by Marina and the Diamonds has been on repeat since yesterday.
Sorry I'm not sorry.
Perf song is perf.
Don't forget  tweet your Western photo using MammothWesternNight for a chance to win tix to the 2/24 game!
are they running u?
Wow, you ARE dedicated to hating the Clippers.
The Spurs are pure evil for you, no?
I fucking HATE the kid that chose to sat next to me during my stats test that wouldn't stop SNORTING.
maybe any time is too early for Faraday and electromagnetism lol!
What you need is to come see me at Wish!
:
I would much rather watch that then anything with Boston and Miami lol
Pessimism is selffull filing, optimism is humble emptying truth?
Thank you for the RT!
:
: happy birthday Kevin !!!
thank you :
RT : the US was built by entrepreneurs, innovation fueled economic growth every for decades...let's keep it that way...
Heard a BANG.
Saw someone talking on her phone run over a bush, no change in expression till she saw me run: like, what's wrong with him?
how are you guys?
now can u explain
What ever happen to major jackson??
Can you please call ?
8592302117!
and I pranked him and pretended to be y'all!
borntodance is my favorite trending topic in a long time.
I WAS born to dance :
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible
im from san antonio too: love you3 one of my friends introduced me to you: your like amazing: retweet?;
Bars in Key West close at 4..
My kinda town!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL.
Where are you going today PDX?
Let us help you get there!
BroadwayCab www.broadwaycab.com
Just got the nicest thank you email from a former student :
I'm scared.
I wish I still had you to call.
who started over Rondo at Kentucky?
Another great discovery session yesterday in Boston.
iPad app for sales reps.
Interactive library, sales messaging matrix, and much more.
Colin Firth is the sexiest man.
No internet,or TV.
I think I might die....
yes but I'm fretting
I use Adobe Premiere Pro  my iPhone.
A few of my videos that appear crisper and clearer were filmed w/ a borrowed camera.
:
I do it anyway
I can selfmanage to a degree, but would prefer the host handle application installation.
IN Quotes: Joy is your inner guidance system.
Aw!
Bittersweet!
RT they got their seasons best score but finished 17 :
thanks for shout out!
being sick sucks :/
I would definatly have to say timessqaure.
:
Rt and follow please if you love austin mahone 3
you doing it big, imma need a ride soon lol.....
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs : If you love somebody let them go  Whoever made this up is an idiot.
Can't Sleep.
please.
Remember the days of watching caps games with me on N.
Wash?
We've gotten the free Walmart gift card spam, also same for a Target gift card.
buses seem really slow when you're late
um no.
santa is still growing his beard
Who uses crayons anymore?
: Followed ya!
yesterdays beach shoot is up.
Paris, I'm in love with you
Gotta love a few things about apple and nyc.
when you forget your powerchord, the 5 store is open 24/7; there are 8M people in the store
Thinking of u this mothers day!
Feeling blessed with love and support right now.
A Louis Vuitton hand bag is a Accessory not an Accomplishment!!!
Colleague posed this question, If Reading Counts was/is the answer, then what was the question?
I really think we need to discuss this.
Painting Flowers
3cup chicken for dinner.
marinating chicken in soy sauce, sesame oil, cava, a bit of vinegar and some Minnesota honey first.
attn
I haven't seen anything scarier than the girl working at pita pit in a long time!
I'm disappointed in your article.
It says nothing about how to taste and if anything makes wine tasting seem intimidating.
Let the festivities begin!
You almost need sunglasses to watch the sdsu at colorado st game.
CSU hardwood  ugly 
hopefully isn't watching the game.
I find the kids walking around school with flour babies hilarious...
Oooooohhhhhweeee......
download the 7409 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!!
THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ 
goin in the snow with sierra later!
homemade ginger: Kitchen Inspiration
: Going to start my own blog, but can't decide on the focus.
Doing it for you to read so...
How to survive  poly
Match.com again.
This should be interesting!
Eat me
am a virgo.,and I love hearing from u.:
lol.
No, remember I don't doctornk soda, but did want to try the HiC doctornks.
U aint buff like me
YAYYyy !!
You finually got your braces off bff !!
:D
Happy Friday to YOU!
i wish adam young would marry me.
ohmygoodness.
awesome, would be great to meet when you find yourself in Austin!
Hope your '84 Southwind makes the trip in one piece!
best follow ever
call me later.
Justin Masterson is a white Jamaican
Gaines smokes it to first but right at 1B.
lol my head was hitting the roof
Alpenrose dairy cancels huge Easter egg hunt for first time in 50 years.
Blame wet weather and saturated parking fields.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
If I leave here tomorrow Would you still remember me?
Is your tweet what happens when a jazz trombonist tries to cover a Beatles song?
You have a point there.
Super excited to hear about and BTR going on tour together its gonna be AMAZING!!!
Take me back just before I was spinnin 
Haha!
Well!
Seemed like mix of Cher/Clueless and Cabbage Patch Kid; having spoken 2 u in RL, I noted difference.
:
Just saying that the game is hard to watch, past that, you just want a fight.
I'm going back to the doctorft, enjoy the game.
Younow Today!
The only thing I look into on Mondays 3
RT : Grateful as a member of the SCIP board to meet a delegation of Chinese CI colleagues.
At?
Or DOING the YMCA?
Oh yeah, : Do elected officials use social media to have a conversation?
Or is it a press release that bypasses the media?
cpg140
O'neal young Anthony Mason lookin ass.
oh not a problem love : haha x
just getting a chance to watch Raw and I have to say did what he does best
Wow tomorrow is fatty Tuesday already.
Probs you didnt know thats Mardi Gras translated exactly from French
I am ready to be done with the flu now.
well i could use that i'm allergic to ducks and every morning those ducks swimming in my lane makes me sick
Performing tonight :
Does your business have a slogan that could show up on a tshirt?
gave me an inspiration today from a tweet ;..thanks!
Based on a combo of stats that are calculated into a ranking cbs sports top 5 PG are: CP3, Westbrook, DWill, ELLIS, JENNINGS.
We are just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl
Now this is the cali weather I know
Why y'all jokin' bout bron with no rings .
Y'all need to talk bout melo and his no ring having ass .
Flashing ur  around don't mean shit..
just goes to show u that u hav to buy ur friends n ass
Happy birthday Bow Wow !
phone doctor  dead .
ok, what's the story on Scotty?
Glad you enjoyed!
Hope to see you again soon!
RT : awesome coffee and beignets this morning!
thanks
what time / time range are you looking for
muchos gracias for the shout out!
You guys rule.
Cold, wet and under caffeinated yet thrilled to support the NBTI team this morning to benefit brain cancer research.
No rain next year!
im back the circus was off the chizzlle
getting food ready for superbowl go pats
Hello World!
Did you take care of business today?
..
Monday's are to be charged atnot doctoraded...
Wishes everyone a happy mother's day!
Hannahan's home run marks 3,000 home runs in Progressive Field
going good thanks : yeah I hate when I can't sleep
Y'all, I had a blond moment.
I have been saying an 8T market that reaches 3M when that should be 3B.
Liberal arts major.
Bad at math.
Go get em girl!
Your class and strength through all this is truly inspiring!
Today's breakfast special at the Cultural Center: Veggie Omelette and toast 3.45!
Eat in or take out 9416254175 ext 261
Everybody is a genius.
But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
AE
IT Solutions that work for small business.
Thanks to all our wonderful clients here in Houston!!!!!
Live from the apache!
Money and possessions will not make us happy.
You can never get enough of what you don't really need!
Just realized that Big Miracle takes place in the same Alaska town as 30 Days Of Night.
Vampire whales!
Eatin at dennys at 2am your only young once
Woot!
Pumped we made your favorite tweets!
Thanks Andoctorw, Happy Friday!
Hey I'm playing in Alpharetta in a few weeks I sent you an invite on FB!
Needed: PR Company.
.
.
.
The Entertainer of The Year nominees are , , , Blake Shelton, and
whatsoever you declare in heaven, is also declared on earth
Don't miss Scouting for Girls headline in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired GMania performing amongst others too!
the fact that the opp uses twitter and facebook  west adopted a candidate, that may have caused his loss, iran is not tehran
ur piano playing was awesome
2 nights in a row I end with Jack Sparrow and pack the dance floor???
LOL!!!!
We have been watching for awhile now.
This guy is the real deal and worth following if you are serious about sports betting!
tell me about it
Heard a good performance of the Manhattan Sinfonietta yesterday.
One of the best New Music Ensembles in thie country.
What's your favorite?
So does anyone else agree that it's kinda silly for the media to be more interested in the royal wedding than the situation in Libya?
It's TurkishHammer time!
Step it up hammer!
music is life..
Have a bless and productive day everyone  Always respect time, because time waits for no one and you can't get a second back
Yeah you shot slugs didn't think that I would catch them?
Social networks are the new plumbing
whats the score, what inning?
Cant listen :
Rick Santorum probably started fakeswearing again when Obama called Ryan's Budget a TROJAN Horse.
U know how much he hates contraceptives.
yes very beautiful!
an amazing place :
Good game though.
Someone name me a very redneck thing to do.
Best ides goes in our next short film which involves such things.
am reading MILO with nineyearold  wonderful!
Registering for a FREE Vacation!
Our Lucaya Beach  Golf Resort on Grand Bahama Island!
www.majkltravel.net Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes!
Well time to work out
For graduation and prom I'm going to do my hair and nails with my everything my besties my wifeeysx98; 333
Well, I hope to get a few more miles out of her.
I feel like FloRida is just....
There.
I feel like falling in the Grand Canyon
It's 1:00 i haven't ate anything!
starving!
who runs the world?
Squirrels!
Another restaurant promo video coming soon!
MedecoNexgenXT The easy system management allows for flexibility in access and the ability to monitor usage of keys
im jealous!
Jim Irsay just fucked up my team
Cant wait for the next Bark at the Park  the New Marlins Stadium.
As much as I hate Mariano Rivera as a lifelong Sox fan, with this ACL tear, you still gotta hate him.
so true man keep going hard C
I highly recommend it even for you younger folks out there
THE ONLY PLAYER THAT SHOULD BE PULLED FROM THIS GAME IS NOT THE PITCHER, BUT THE FUCKING 2ND BASEMAN
I'm glad someone appreciates my puns :
People are really upset that black characters were cast in Hunger Games????
The media trying to change the fact the George killed Trayvon?
I don't know how much more I can take...
I'm at my breaking point.
I'm about to explode.
Just saw a guy seemingly riding home from work on a Unicycle!
:/
ThunderUp let's do this thing!!
On my way to bible study can't wait to see my loves!!!!
Glad to hear :
Chuck Norris jokes never have nor never will be funny.
your avi shows that you're 4x's a lady!
Think i'm actually starting to favor sounding as though i am deathly ill and have not slept in two weeks
confirmation party with the family!
hey miss tee.
Switch account .
I c now, that bein a good man WILL get uLAST place : 
There's a reason your my ex
late night food run??
:
Our newest writer is off and running.
You'd be crazy not to follow her.
Yes and No.
I have people coming over to see the apt.
And I have to figure out how to use the vacuum without power.
smooth one!
I believe it..
And I'm impressed.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways feel what i feel, and give me his arms when i really need.
Use the tools that are there to make it easy for people to buy what you're selling and make it clear what they're getting
why not us?
soon  next weds may 9  share it w David bowie actually :
doctoraming, after all, is a form of planning
Job  boyfriend.
Chicagoland.
No homework.
So, perks for the most part.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Na
Where can I find realitybased conversations with successful small business owners?
Any podcast recommendations?
i've voted for berlin!
I really hope he comes!!!
trust me I got my eye's on em that's why I'm single
Is it just me or does it seem like everything Zac Efron did to his hair, Justin Bieber's doing?
Time fo this hair cut!
My nigga Cliff is the truth at the barbershop over on Meyers and Puratin.
He cuttin niggaz crispy
follow me :
and then I'll bang ur tuna girlfriend 
Head rules official for round three of the Sioux Falls City Girls golf tournament.
What up.
: Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Brian Tracy
I got the cutest new swimsuit top eva!!!
I hate it when flies rub their hands together, makes me think they're up to something...
What's happening with Americanborn blacks that is causing these differences?
Isn't helpful to pit groups against each other
welcome home!!
any time
you love your 'besties i expect a lot of tickets!
Welcome back sunshine.
We missed you.
For those who have owned the iPhone 4 and then got the iPhone 4s.
Are you glad you switched?
Is the 4s better than the 4?
One challenge of interD work is getting definitions straight
I will be in NYC from June 7th to the 16th...
Are you guys attending EditFest, or up for meeting outside it?
I love
yeah,the battle world slowly getting watered down like the industry.
smdh
A special Luncheon was shared 2day in my honor with Pres.
JenkinsScott  doctor Auma Obama
YES!
But with you, of course.
You into that?
Getting an education
Go and Follow For Me Plzz!
Thanks
My car fell off the Vancouver ferry followup.
Best/worst April Fool ever world'smostgulliblemother
RT : RT : Our Beach House Is Gonna Be Jumping!
its how I feel too :
I see u in dat place again.
Who u talkin too .
U!!!!smh...
I know girl couldnt stay away...
:
Front desk doody.
Boo.
In search of Spring ...if I find it I'll bring it back with me
Disruptor 1: everyone is an entrepreneur
Cause I don't play Unless it's keys Then I play all day You like em keys We gon' play all day Wet doctorams Fry your brain all day
What will it take for you to change your name to Paulie Old Style just for a day?
Go on, tell me!
What is the name of that dance group I ran into in Ljubljana?
Argh!
It's on the tip of my tongue and has lots of J's.
: My 11k tweet goes to my newest best friend !
Oh and I guess  I guess that'll suffice 
A Secret Service agent in South America
Nope!
You can't come between me and my food :P
Mentally preparing myself to crochet and sew most of Thursday and Friday
What's good with you ma!
How has your day been thus far?
The hardest thing for me to do for my 18 year old is to understand she is no longer mine but Gods.
i bet it's gonna be humid as fuck outside
A great session on the new version of the OHMS beta.
The indexing feature is incredible.
good morning.
new life motto in effect: i will have no regrets.
ever.
I am at work today so this will probably be the last tweet of the day today but you will hear from me again tomorrow Kisses everyone
how did you like the airplay you bought from us?
Style is something, substance is a bit more but attitude is everything!
Donuts  sprite for breakfast
I love my mom....: Thats my world
you're welcome!
Come on by on your bike and get 25 off any item!
We're closed Sundays.
Good point, I think they could compete In the Big East But the Big East doesn't even deserve to be a BCS conference anyway
Heading to 6:00PM FREE Concert in Fountain Park tonight.
All part of The Memorial Disc Golf Tournament which continues through the week.
notice that the community and pr folks are more into chat.
the ux folks are more concerned with dissecting lack of tool perfection.
Another beautiful day!
What's happening tonight?
Let's get out and explore this city...
I think should meet a bunch of us at Bdubs later to watch the game!
Jan CohenCruz Center for Teaching Directors an important resource for engaged scholarship
hi thanks do much for being my first follower.
I just started twitter so it is pretty cool.
Thanks again :
I may need to holla at u about ur lady friend.
I dont think she has found the right one yet.
Peace to u Kris Humphries
Hey, good morning.
Have a great day!
haha I like it ;
Jordan Crawford is a problem
We're happy to help.
Let us know if you need anything.
Correction: black love event is still set for Friday!
Come to ball hall!
Event starts at 5:307:30!
kindergartener: a healthy lunch is healthy is for you...but not the cafeteria lunch.
What a great night !
Make plans to be there next Saturday for saturdaynitechurch at 6pm!
fair enough.
I did laugh.
asks for a moment of silence for our troops that have and continue to preserve our freedom so America can remain the place we love to live.
I'm coming over....only if they are of age lol
so...
i think i need a longer vacation.
3 days is not enough of a summer getaway..
people don't understand that i'm a sarcastic asshole
Best part is the service call is set for Tuesday.
As in, next Tuesday.
Love to share more about the biz if you direct message us ur contact info tho.
Maybe you'd like an invite to our opening party?
Editing video w/o appropriate or full featured software...
Omg, please tell me our pitas aren't included in this list.
Right, but some people have smartphones
Game of thrones reference, no?
Thanks for the mention !
i gave her 350 for that abortion 7months ago,so whats with this UnexpectedArrival ?
Has anyone ever told you that you're amazing?:
elohel its okay , But Listening to music you?
God life hell things that we all know about
Pucks doctorppingSeattle knows there are outthey get it.
Going on KJR950am 11:20am to talk NHL sale of the Yotes.
Hmm Quebec calling next?
West Seattle: I got Schweddy Balls at Admiral Safeway, 2662 California Ave SW Seattle, WA 98116
Porcello gives up 8 runs, 7 earned...
46 pitches and we're thru a half inning.
: I just build a mystery inside my toilet.
Oy vey.
Lol, there is a crowd surfer during Built To Spill.
Awkward moment when you have to explain why you smell like weed....
My reply 'yolo' :D
she's stylin' now!
LS 1426 attending Let the runway meet the cause.
OMG what a time!
I met some fabulous people tonight.
Good job Lamaica.
I got to pee xDDDDDDDD jkjk
Hey EveryAny OneI got locked out of my former Twitter accountdon't ask!
Here's the NewPlease doctorp the other  follow this oneLove 2 U.
Big shout out to the Muddy Udders who rocked the joint last night!
JC
starting tomorrow neither will I!
And I'll never get to see my man
1waytopissmeoff doctorve like an idiot.
Buying these tickets as soon as my mom gets home so please have your money tomorrow :
Spent entire day editing friend's reel and my short film Rain Dance.
Both look awesome.
Now sleep.
you aint put in on this man
Question ru guys going to post up that live podcast you guys did at that Con about a week or two ago?
Everyman Espresso is the best I had in New York.
in class shout out to twitter
Wake up kids.
We've got the doctoramers' disease.
I had a cat but I got curious, and something happened to him.
o, check you out!3
is having a great day!
shirts are on their way  be sure to tweet a pic of you in them when they arrive : Go
I'd really appreciate it!
You were asking for Criminal remixes awhile back!
Whatever it's Friday.
Enjoy it!
Embrace it.
Listening to Judas by lady gagaaa,.....so addictive.
HA!
You are too funny!
That gets you a spot on my newly created The Best People on Twitter List!!
Penalty  12 trees scores
lol well I think you succeeded.
Still a blackberry fan...
But i just cant justify paying 20 bucks a month to get my work emails.
Peace out bb, welcome bk andoctorid
Thank you :
Deputy Dir.
of Program  Service, Jay Thompson, sharing the State of ProServe with the corps.
Girl DJ's ROCK!!!
Let me get up
the color faded :/
Twitter fight :3 Where's my popcorn
shot out to all our friends at the rixen today, lets hope the monsoon goes away for next weeks event!
We will be at summerfleacolumbus tomorrow!
Come check out our booth for some great deals!
Have a guest in my house.
Watched FT w/me this a.m.
and remarked, Wow, they tackle real subjects.
Best sports show period.
horrendous customer service
do you customize the column headings on Tweetdeck or are they preset?
we're on it!

: So many girls fall in love with the wrong guys, simply because the wrong guys say the right things.
RT So that nap thing didn't work out.
Attempt
lol, good to know I'm not the only one!
I usually end up stuffing everything back in random places!
Thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Their great talents make this possible!
lol your right, the losing record..
Thanks for the RT, Peter!
Why Is Tripping That Kim Kardashian Is Dating Kanye West
: RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Thanks for everything you do and all of the sacrifices that ...
Social Networking serves as a powerful marketing tool..take advantage
Bad Romance
Would listen to the Obamacare Debate in the S.C.
But I am only interested in the mandate to buy a certain type of good.
The dogs will be back for finals.
They're currently scheduled for Tues., May 15 from 46pm
im so jealous of my cousin ..
she goes to school wit jason and just called me cuz she was dancing with him..
ohh hell no lol
Might go to catholic school
Thanks!
I saw that page but somehow missed the reference.
Will update.
Lmao I just finally started using
mister Player i'm getting tired of your games so this is me saying GOODBYE :
The Spurs take on Kobe  the Lakers tonight for the final time this week.
He would tweet me while sitting next to me if i let him i almost threw his phone out the window the other day
really feelin the lyrics in that up n down joint Follow back I'm an upcoming artist outta ny..
can't wait to see you at the Aladdin!
xoxo
Final performances of Look Back In Anger today at James Bridges Theater.
Great audience reactions.
Last show 7 pm.
Come on by!
Can't wait to hear the follow up on improper payments hearing!
Keep us in the loop!
Totally agree!
RT : Mobile food is not going anywhere.
The City needs to accommodate in the Loop.
...
also: about:mozilla
SMH TEBOW IN New York!!!
I swear the Jets are a circus.
Meeting for a Tex Mex feast.
Discussing Tech Writer Hell, pulp horror and metal  all the important stuff.
Where is EB today?
Two man show  JP Flaming for 4 hours.
Daytona is on over the show today, that's a lose
congrats!
See you this weekend
had to favorite that one.
lol
Ugh I have to follow my sister Kirsten!
Gonna hate it.
Start at 6pm.
Featuring Mexican to start 5 de Mayo earlier.
Come see and meet beautiful people!
gotta ca me to discuss rates
Night peeps
YOU GUYS!
Their's only one solution: BABY DANCE OFF!
It seems I'm always in a perpetual search for the perfect oil painting brush...
okay, yes, and the perfect handbag
Literally can not sleep anymore.
Good Morning!
I'm starving!!
Grass isnt always greener on the other side lolRT : LOL Melo chose the Knicks and now look.
The best memories are from summer nights  days!
are you harumphing me?
I am bringing bread for lunch at 1.
Come over, we'll watch scary movies, and every time someone does something stupid we'll take a shot.
got you playa :
Make a million still a loser
Rt if you want to
HURRY!
Click LIKE if you intend to indulge in a Rio Marg any time soon!!!
Got free lunch today.
The Phillies and Cole Hamels agreed to a oneyear, 15 million contract
Beautiful Icon : What about : She's completely gorgeous 
It was last night, and now it's working fine.
Odd.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane?
Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane Thnks
Clear my mind, it's time to okay some ball!!
Just got in from that party bus.
I'm tired as FUUUUUUUCK !
is amazing.
:
Okay, how about a reply to the email I sent you, no character limit.
Or a link to an article, or pdf, blog, or something...
Dear BCS: Get the top four teams, have them play each other, winners for the title.
And to hell with the Rose Bowl.
Happy Friday for
is getting ready for cocktail reception hosted by Jamaica Tourism Board.
Where you been all ma' life!?
Just started a Run.
52 F, 6mph N, 47
the best randomness keeps conversation going
PC is over 106,100 downloads!
Thank you to everyone who has used PC.
I really appreciate it and look forward to the next 100k downloads!
See you there!
RT Are you ready for some CONFERENCE?
Sing in line with the Are you ready for some football?
tune.
Appreciate the mentions and RTs!
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming
Money On My MindNotnice Prod
I'm sure she won't mind.
Besides, its completely misleading!
If I hear pie, I want pie...
not yogurt.
Hm...Interesting choice of words there.

If you were in arena you would have seen JR baiting Barbosa all way downcourt.
press row saw it coming
Conforming, tweaking, building, sculpting, smoothing  prepping the FX, dialogue and stems for latest version of The Secret Life of Dorks.
RockyMountainHorrorFilmFest will have a screening at 2PM at 12VoltTavern!
Come on get your horror on!
I will definitely order u a gift copy!
My 1st boyfriend found me on fb.
We were eng.
4 2yrs.
1518 yrs old is when we d ...
Happy birthday, Sonic the Hedgehog!
You taught us everything we know.
About nature.
The judge takes his time to enter court an hour late.
Ready to go.
Waste of time because of a hater
gotta try this Artisan House place.
Looks so good.
RT Even deaf people want to fuck punch the Salvation Army bell ringing brigade.
The value of an asset is a risk assessment input  because a high value asset is hacked that doesn't mean that all assets are at risk
Is it possible for a person/child to have to different grades of hair curly in the front and tighter coils in the back?
Bunny ears of freedom?
To many people in here.
pretty good.hbu?
Thanks t M.
Evelina Galang's graduate creative writing class for chatting with me on Skype!
Elton Brand the only nigga serving...
Nothing like watching a Cavalier go sideways around an entire turn.
Fun night.
I was voted Mejor Modelo or Best Model in Spanish :
Honestly, this song is brilliant  very underrated by most.
how much I don't want Nasri to lift the premiere league trophy
I would not make u wait.
Being Punctual is a good thing.
I don't like being late, then u fill like ur playing catch up.
just way to much stress for finals
This time of year really takes me back to 8th grade...everything was so perfect.
Who had fun with their dog this weekend?
golf??
I know your down
you are quite a guy!
Day job all day, and A LOT of research tonight for auditions tomorrow...just hope my back cooperates!!
Arrowhead Girls Golf Team Gives back for Breast Cancer Charity Event!
Good Luck this Season Annika!!!
looks like I'm the only one that doesn't like electrolytes..
ok.
don't care.
Wow 352!
Well my donation will be received with open arms.
Can't wait to donate the sequels too.
cause he ain my man 
About to watch Taxi and omgg i was watching ICONIC from season 1 and they got eliminated on week 3 and they were so freakin good.
Good morning, Nica!
Did you get our email or DM?
Looking forward to hearing from you!
I've gotten in the habit of deleting all my texts before going to bed after doctornking, so as far as I'm concerned, none of that ever happened
All the Scandal episodes have been excellent, but tonight's 4/26 is superb .
I restarted it to watch it twice.
.
street knock slaps.
like im watching the old ruff ryders video with A.I.
and swiss cars.
CBS Atlanta has a reporter who claims the nickname pothole.
I guess it is good to take pride in your work...
Enjoy the steaks  chicken!
and thanks for stopping at the shop today.
dofl DM contact info about photography.
So welcome!
El Cerrito is trending on twitter because of the earthquake this morning .
I think that is a first.
Words to the wise...
Love is power Hate is a weakness...
whats your passion?
Thanks for following!
Go padoctors!
Gig tonight finally making some cash
Happy Birthday!!!
question for ya what inspired you to start these videos?
i would love to know
Thanks for following Thanks for Following, I'm a Boxing Follower myself!
I see you follow back
thanks for RTing!
its like nice in edinboro its kinda windy doe but nice!
I love that you played Dolphins into the Future this morning.
So good.
Line out the door just to get my tux
so cool, there's free yoga in the park in coconut grove, why I haven't been yet is beyond me.
All changing next week though!
:
wtf...my tv just stopped working..i jus bought it.smh
would hey, it's 8 pm, I'm watching Big Bang, I convinced my kids to go to bed st normal time on a non school night...
I want to thank MarshawnLynch for putting this team on his back.
You dude are a
Dude can flash the leather.
RT : Plays like that make me hate Kotchman just a little less.
It seems my heart's in the way .......
you fucking suck at life.
whelp i think so!
i sent it in with my entry XD hahaha and they loved it!
That means we r both awesome!
Lol!
At a mall in sarasota killing time
SuperCmte stmt defends inaction w/ commitment to act in new unified front to not leave deficit to next generation.
Wait, what just happened?
Second day listening to Black Friday mixtape this CD is fire!!!!
Why am I awake.
Back to sleep.
yes its charging now.
Sounds good!
I am ready for Ghost Horizon.
Look out for G.H.
.
Thanks for the RT!
This weekend 3 day party and Pig roast, visitors from California, England, Alabama, Wisconsin, Iowa, Indiana.
The best club  party to be 
Finally get to watch my little bro play baseball today!
Have a good  safe Memorial Day wknd!
Don't speed, I saw lots of cops out this a.m.
Yeah, we'r waitin it out like a hurricane watch at this point lol!
It's fo' free!!
Derek Holland looks like a pedophile.
This pizza is going to be so good!
It is an honor to have the endorsement of Rep.
Luis Gutierrez and all of the Latino leaders who came out to support my bid for Mayor today!
bought a vizio tv from walmart 7 years ago.
Not a single issue with it.
My LED samsung from Bestbuy is dying and is less than 2yrs old
found someones black iphone but it's locked and its not a 4 so I can't voice dial anyone.
Thoughts on how i can return it to them?
May all your doctorams come true!!
:
So does anyone else wanna be in my video?
too bad you dont have a chance  playin the Pacers this year.
Maybe next year.
el oh el if jordy ever got pulled over for bein wasted then he can hang with my dad cuz yolo daddy used to do that
sorry, forgot to add my hashtag: Hell yeah
Celebuzz Couple of the Year: Round 2 Celebuzz needs your help in choosing our favorite celebrity couple of the year!
Khloe  Lamar
I would love 2 see the rebirth of the WarGames
aww man i turned off the game ..i missed the best part smh oh well.
my husband Spencer will be there today while I am on a plane!
Big hugs
Hey Jeffrey , thanks for follow
Today is going to be a great day.
Let it be your canvas and paint away.
Happy Friday!
Cute harley guy in white bandana, find me:
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
: I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Do you sometimes get the sense you have little in common with your mate?
Dont feel too badly, youre not alone.
morn'in IRIS!!!
Don't be.
Just a crazy doctoram.
Should be worried more about the cooking one  that's a lot of food!
Ha
is on her way to her favorite fiveyearold's bday party!
:
i highly recommend using online calculators when available to plan your meals.
I just cut the calories for my qdoba meal in less than half!
I think I just made a font
I wish it was shining, it's cloudy and chilly : I am good, busy with school and the daycare here, my son, going to the gym LOL
i just need to write you at that email addoctorss, MissJean?
Nice trade!
Hardy is young w/pop, while Span is everyday CF
Last day!
120 off any future event!!!
givemeabreak you didn't ing say it straight to my face, loud and clear!
So you!
Now I'm in trouble!?
Can't trust me?
PLEASE!
Its MusicMonday everyone!
Tag us!
Also, are there any house shows nexr week?
We would love to play!
Does someone want to book us a show outside of the Memphis Area?!?
k ill make sure i call
first 1000 or 1500 get jerseys tonight??
Judging how early to get to The Wolff tonight
SLOW MOTION SUICIDE!
The museum can reach only those whom it can attract.
This fact alone is enough to compel it to be convenient to all...
John Cotton Dana
I try but he says he wants to be left alone
So glad to be almost finished with school.
What an accomplishment!
:D
and one more full week!
Ok, Honolulu attempt no.
2.
If this lousy airline don't make it, I'mma swim...
Damn apparently every one knows everything about life these days...
Why didn't I attend this meeting?
Just kidding y'all still ain't shit.
Happy to have some potential volunteers come through orientation last night and are ready to train!
Get motivated to help people read today!
Q: What's black, white and read all over?
A: A newspaper.
Follow our MTCollegePrep cofounders, and !
Amazing.
Am super psyched about this development.
We will post the trivia question for tonights shirt giveaway at 8:30 central time..
stay tuned ..
Watching Pale Rider
Right on!
See you soon!
thanks sugar, miss ya fave
Pet Peeve phrase of the day: Real D
Can women rock the bowtie too?
How would you convince them to participate ?
I'm signing off twitter b/c I'm not watching WDYTYA and want to be surprised :/
swallow balls, nuts to ....
CAMEL TOE !
Ellis assumed.
said that she would have voted to put it on the ballot  council, but no one asked her about it.
years of savings is gone.
Who has Patricks money, Ken Harrison's assets, everything he owns needs to be liquidated.
He is a very rich.
Thunder ball.
What flickering lights mean: 1 electrical problem 99 demons
FYI: my son's submission for Great Demo Review has a track based on a line from one of your columns
Goodnight young world  StayBlessed .
Win super bowl tickets or a an ipad2.
FREE to play.
Go to playffnow.com
I don't mean 'shouldn't be free' but that's their prerogative.
Excited for trip to Seattle!
AmexVirginAmer thanks and
that's the real deal, though.
There were other stations for the other carrier  no other long distance transport, so no confusion.
Love that!
RT : There are two girls in the metro wearing bee costumes.
Wanted to ask if they've heard of blind melon :D
That.
Was.
Awesome.
ALANA U JUST GOT HACKED and y dont u wake up yet ive been tryin 2 call u 2 c if u wana go out!
Anyway today is my bday ps from cuzin Jade!:
I'm feeling a tickle in my throat....
Our cd release party is April 17th at Scout Bar!
18 and up!
Be there or be square!
yea, dance week might hurt him ...
Btw, Paula is retarded.
Awesome  glad we could help!
RT : Wow.
That was super easy.
My students will love it.
Thanks!
Practice your sound bites in advance.
How can you seriously bring a baby to The Dictator?
Looked like Rep Champion's light went red, green, red, and finally switched to green.
is u my real daddy?
starring all the wayans
RT : Attended workshop tonight.
Always nice to be around people who take their craft seriously.
Will the Democrats spend their entire convention dumping on their state hosts?
In my eyes weak sauce is  kentucky and also a follwer she might fight back but she is always being nikki's shadow that;s so sad
...
this is preparation for reading Ready Player One and taking about Adventure and Minecraft in grad seminar.
Just get off my azz n get it
I am very excited to see the movie don 2 and you made me more excited than before!
I wish you to be happy always!
love ya
Did you that when in doubt all you need to do is take the next small step so enjoy this holiday season step by step
Me too : RT I wish my roomie was here to cuddle with me in tha rain :
Music and other art forms can doctorwn out conscious right next actions or create them.
Ok , done for the first half of the day , time to unwind and probably eat something and go see a movie ...
My son has hid my wallet ...
this is not good.
Like to cook?
Listen Up!
It's More Herbs  Less Salt day across the country, health experts wanting you to cut down on the sodium.
am in meadowhall this weekend then nottingham next weekend and are you :x
talk about me behind my back.
just becuase i was off for 2 days.
whatever.
im not the mean one in this situation.
well you need to wat if I come chill with you one day im not gonna want to eat out..U gonna have to cook for me..lol
Sitting at home enjoying a quiet sunday.....
She has one herself though.
She will say that never happened to her
good luck: and have fun...:
yes : they went nuts on me and Said I doctorve a raper van lmao
imagine Austin:Yourname you get an A for being cute,For being Sweet,And for being Mine anna
can u do me a favor?
Iwant a fansign from u's and ican do a fansign for u's..
Please message if u want to talk to me
...Couldn't.
Understand.
A.
Word.
You're listening to music with from 6 to 8 am  It's gonna be great  Stephen Hawking
I got both of those shows on my agenda as well!
You making videos for both?
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee
Me too!
Abc family if you wanna watch it
I don't think you understand how bad I just loled to myself  holy god I'm dying
Someone's in my bubble, i need my space !
Who is WillMiddlebrooks?
And if they plan on keeping him up, why is he wearing 64?
The RedSox take the lead 21 after 1.
what started a few years ago in an office in San Mateo is now opening in an amphitheater in DC.
Probably not...You would win too easily.
you all are overpaid...
I could get used to these kind of weekends where you get to take a nap on Saturday and Sunday.
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 81F Fair: 81F Fair
you're gorgeous !
thanks deej!
such a meaningful welcoming to twitter.
love you babe!
wheres my Shaun?!
I miss you!
Today was such a lazy Tuesday....:/
poker, cocktails and naps!
sounds good to me ;
yea it's funny how real life gets in the way of tweets and i'm not one for tweeting every move like 'now im taking a shit/eating/etc'
Toys for tots would be more fun, and accurate, if they rewarded donations with tater tots.
I mean who calls kids tots anyway?
Because kinky people, are happy people.
was gettin it tonight.
So excited to have him choreograph.
I hope everyone has a good day,today I have school so I'll talk to you later
CALL ME MAYBE!
YEEUH You guys were hilarious, cute and AWESOME.
3
Running outta time where is ma runaway love I won't stop 'till I find my runaway love!!
remember??
:'
To have a good relationship is to delete your social page.
Lol
I'm ALWAYS tired
Still no power in all of Montecito Heights.
hahaha awww I try , I try .
That was pointless...
Back to my music..
I love glee and isupportgaymarriage so basically I hate Bristol Palin.
:
I'm sorry I'm a sucker for this hopeless romantic, bullshit.
.
Congrats!
I hope I can get out there at least opening week, as that weekend is booked solid.
: I don't even want to know how Whitney died.
I sure it wasn't from a granola's abuse :s
Jakes Burgers in Brookfield opens on Tuesday!
I love the adventure of trying out a new place.
Excited to be a trance girl at EDC w/ and maybe !?
One of the best and most important African American networking sites for those in the technology field.
Check out
St.
Vincent, perfect in live strobe lighting.
Good morning No, but I helped with the tweetup they did a couple of weeks ago.
Do you need to get in touch w/ them?
I'm digging the new series Anyone else?
the new Hollywood Undead album  thanks !
How Linsanity you ask?
It's 49 to 36 and it's on live at our South Lake Union location....come down for a slice or some wings, beer and...
Restorative Beef Broth Recipe from Bon Appétit
ha, mike the cleaner was in this episode of ringer.
as basically the same character.
take your own advice.
Stop acting like you gaf
Don't Say a Word with Michael Douglas and Brittany Murphy was the 1 movie this day in 2001.
thats the nastiest movie ever !
Don't worry, you'll be hungry again in a couple of hours...
looking forward 2 seeing U at the Rush game.
Any interest in playing sum intrumural flag football 2nite in Lincoln Park?
2 Miami?
It was great!
oh ok we got time then momma!
i was thinking it was going to be a weekend thing again!
lol.
It shut down clean.
I think Windows might have updated then restarted and i didn't get a warning...it's fine now
ok u 2
Gas prices have always been too high.
One way on downtown to La Jolla is 2.25 verses 8.14 doctorving, according to
U Cant DISCREMINATE When It Comes 2 Head!!!!
Pretty, Short, Fat, Ugly IJS And For The Record LIGHT SKINNED WOMEN SUCK THE BEST DCK
lmao tht ment to be a smiley my bad/
she's working, duh
just realized I was inconsistent with my hyphens and dashes!
Fixing now!
Imagine Zayn: My turn to decide what we're going to do tonight!
You: Okay.
Tell me, then.
Zayn: We're going to bed early.
;
happiness isn't always what motivates people to improve their life or the lives of others.
I don't know who snores louder, my girlfriend or my cat...
After not meditating for a week?
due to school, it was a struggle to get back to it.
Feeling balanced.
Good morning everybody, enjoy your weekend:
Extremely frustrating.
Congratulations to Ryan Braun on the
USDOL Secy Hilda Solis describes universal reemployment system to aid 1M displaced workers, and, integrated American job ctr network
Nalcy Dalmin Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
works much better than the native ICS SMS app!
AND Is it logical that Cell providers charge for texting!?
Thieves!
In training for my new job with wd.
It was a general statement though.
Don't be so insecure.
Lol
Well enjoy Otown!!!
:
First ticket of 2012...
How the World Began at Women's Project.
Congrats ladies on another thoughtprovoking  fun production!
Not looking past Philly.
Old School series.
Early 1980s when I was a kid
you start gettin older you start to realize major shit become irrelevant arguin become boring and fightin become pointless
James Jeffrey West LIVE TONIGHT from 7:309:30pm
Eventful Saturday night
RT : As we enter our beta test, and evolve the givengine together we will need talented web/mobile coders, designers and IT...
lost One Battle ,, but Cenation NeveGiveUp ..
Long way to gor with and other SuperStars
No matter how old you get your mother will always protect you
Any one want add exchange with Geosuper3 Contact no 03005776758.
Iggy story about thinking of his son while shooting those FTs is nice and all, but no way he relays that story if he misses one or both.
I want to know that , too!
Haha, yep!
This was taken from the Top of the World!
RT : is that the lighthouse at the bottom of the photo?...
WatchingFoxNewsI've lived in a country where the news is a state run propaganda machine...
so why does Fox seem so much more propaganday?
What's going on people?
How's your week going?
You have your beautiful face!
c:
2 things1 Encourage them to read for structure not just content; 2 structure writing assignments so they know what to include
Just remembered I had leftover Vietnamese in the fridge!
Yay!!!
it was probably an accident :
Dear next door, sHUT UP
Listening to Boyfriend and fucking spazzing out.
I can't even.
omg
exactly!
He's not gonna be that innocent 12 year old anymore.
Hes just growing up.
I'm ready to wash my car and get a hair cut 
Any recommendations for dinner in SouthHampton, UK?
There next week for Bourne Leisure shoot.
Orphans of the Storm animal rescue needing supplies.
Collection  Walmart, Gurnee,IL Sunday 59pm.To help visit orphansofthestorm.org
Musical Socialites right?
You cant play with my heart.Sooner or later ill fall apart.im hurting now thanks to your lies.now come the tears with the truth and goodbye.
Great week at Yoshis with Susana Baca, Edgardo Cambon and the great Omar Sosa de Cuba.
Get your tickets early!
All the Chucksters and Gleeks out there better wish a happy mother's day!!!
She's amazing at something besides writing, you know
Equality is God given.
THIS SPEAKS TO ME!!!
Dang Pacers have me screaming like their my favorite team!
Lol.
Im.antiMiami.
this nigga Paul Gasol shot a three ?
I doctorpped off some BizComm12 postcards in case you needed them.
: took care of me
Fact of the day: Most Koala bears sleep about 22 hours a day
How are you guys doing over there?
Ready and/or anxious for the TeeParty event, that slowly approaches in a few months?
:
Good ass sleeping schedule.
I hate my life.
dont think to much
i love u 3
also coveted the status and monies that only an american artist can acheive.
For example the
Pretty Little Liars was cray cray!
I cannot wait until next weeks episode!
okay the movie started..
cya in a bit!
You know I miss your kiss.
Hate to let you see me like this 
The Facebook engagement on April 1
ItGetsMeMadWhen there's like 5 people talking to me at once.
WAHHH!!
Same here!!
I'm going to do Bikram yoga today at noon.
I figured makeup was a waste of my time today.
you ever order from Mac Connection?
thats payback for calling me a horny bitch.
;
i followed you back!
thankyou for the follow:
As teary eyed as this makes me, I might have to part ways with the bunfun.
But, only for the summer.
and we love you too!
Got damn it's hot out here
Chernobyl diaries might be a str8 movie
which stop?
BO?
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it.
James Allen
New week, new blessings!
I did, in fact!
It's carefully guarded somewhere deep within the bowels of Widener Library.
Some people never even take calc.
:
We are going to overtime in MISLChampionship tied at 1010 and 15 minute OT to decide game 2
Three classes today!
yoyo GS or Cleveland tonight?
Det or Houston?
Milwaukee or Denver?
Our whole Album That Just Happened is officially available for download!!
16 tracks for 10 or just grab your favs!!: fastcar.bandcamp.com
Don't bring me down....Gross...
I don't know it all, but I will tell you what I know, never let a girl cook N your kitchen, all up N yo fridge,  next will B the stove..
Why does my family have Facebook?
If you the best, take the test Floyd Mayweather
Guys who smoke weed
Happy Birthday to !
From your friends :
ha!
Yeah, if I like a superlong book, odds are it's space opera
Thanks for following!
I've not been in to try your amazing burgers but have heard only good things!
Must make it in soon!
Can you watch a vevo channel on mobile?
Lesser known soccer team names  sponsors: THE BALD AND THE BEAUTIFUL.
Sponsored by Hair club for men.
Lego's is the largest tire manufacturing company in the world!
That's clever, but hopefully ORCID can comprehensively addoctorss this issue, assuming it can reach an institutional tipping point.
My parents said they'd be home from Walmart with food in 10 minutes..
It's been 30.
I'm starving!
Tonight, we are young.
So let's set the world on fire, we'll burn brighter, then the sun.
Toooooniiiight.
RT : Please join CCEdfund at our annual fundoctoriser in Greenwich,...
Im getting stupid loose this weekend it's my BDAY and u already know what it is!!!!
Just got my prize from the blog contest.
Tshirt is awesome.
Thanks again!
I agree!
Everybody watch Wave 3 today at Noon until 1pm
one spark will shock the world.
Haha!
If it has to be anything else I'm glad it's pinterest
Latin rhythms on now!
Get your dance on...
thanks for the RT, glad you agree.
is focused on feeding the food deserts of New York City.
at least we were never rejected!
Technology does not get adopted until it is transparent.
Will do.
Thanks!
I sold all your clothes to pay for my gas home.
Looks like youll have to be excited JUST for me :D
I just heard on the news kids are getting high on hand sanitizer.
Moral is: kids will always find something new to get high on
So over tonight
are you going to geoff's thing tomorrow?
Tell me who rock who sell out in the stores, you tell me who flopped who copped the blue doctorp
Today......12 to 6 its family and friends day....bring your church bulletin and receive 10 percent off your purchase!
Happy family day!
by avengers she means her vagina
20 Accessions, 6 new linear feet on the shelves.
It is amazing what I have found while excavating coworkers offices.
IRemember having a crush on ; lmfao.
Ours crapped out the day after we moved.
waterHeatersAreJerks But at least it's not awfulhot out.
Open the windows?
I miss all my Twitter friends :
Can't believe my baby's graduating from college tomorrow.
I'm so proud of him!
3
I like WHATSHOULDWECALLME but why do girls think it is the funniest thing of all time?!?
at the light house in Rincon to the left of it a beach called Deadman's good surf there most of the time :
uh oh
awesome sauce!
You should shoot with you GF more!
sunglasses tan from my first peaksisland reggae experience...
Whatta night.
I love summer
Just presented at Maya Angelou Schools Graduation w Patti Austin Common Jeff Majors.
Daniella Sealock host.
National Theater.
S/O to my big bro for gettin invited to da BETHipHopAwards as a new Artist :...
im stingy..lol
: If someone you love hurts you; cry a river, build a bridge, and get over it.
ihatequotes
BHO's campaign kickoff rally described a concert of an aging rock star.
A hasbeen.
Bec.
he can't run on his record!
Im thinkin YouTube Robot might make it like Goliath and fall down....
Can't Wait For The Reunion
Kidney stone: the one ailment where you can't sit down even if you feel horrible.
Jogging while you're sick.
Not fun.
Sunglasses Accessories  Rolex Projext X Stealth Watch Military rolex watches sunglasses
5 nights a week, she's terrible.
And acted upon : The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased.
It can only be accepted.
as in cwaahhhsonts?
Lemieux and Shero are going to have an interesting offseason.
I'm thinking that their first move might come within 24 hours.
Celebrating my 500th Twitter follower by giving away a copy of Bad Boy.
To enter giveaway, email me at
got so much done!
school stuff done!
practice guitar done!
rearrange my room done!
kiss the most amazing guy ever done!
be gorgeous.
always
Pull time in tminus 18 minutes wake bitch ass up
Old Country Sausages today!
Hungarian, Smoked Garlic, and ask me for Weisswurst!
Garlic, Jalapeno Ketchup, Creamy Pepper Mustard!
Never met someone who loves me like you do
Well, my budget isn't unlimited.
bought it at Dicks nice try though
yayy thats so good u can transfer!!
But im going to be lonely :
Lord thank you for everything you give me!
looking forward to tonight
bands and entrepreneurs worldwide use social media to advance their growth/marketing and obviously they can carry themselves
Funny, I've often said the same of you.
Wow, good to know!
doctorving around listening to music for a lack if better things to do!
RT : 5,000 nonprofessorts in Milwaukee area.
That's a lot of board members who are needed.
I have two shows in the can ready to go sometime today/tomorrow.
Sorry for the delays.
lol I'll let you off only because that made me laugh
Just for the record, Michael Jordan pushed off on the game winner in 'Space Jam'.
Sorry we weren't able to meet this weekend.
It seems that we were on opposite sides of town.
Come to Chicago!
..you welcome luv!
hope you had a nice Moms Day...
Got everything done today.
Time to catch some Z
Yes.
no joke.
RT : wait wait wait, granola bars in the sandwich?!
I wuv listening to Hannah by Freelance Whales.
3
About see the baddest wife, Thai fighter, cardio trainer in the world for lunch...
Not following her?
You need to!
Now!
were WINNING
lol there isn't any good scary movies on there!
damn that ass is juicy!!!
are you sure ?
I think st kitts was the favorite!
Brunei was beautiful, and Egypt was very impressive!
The education that many childoctorn receive doesnt prepare them for todays workforce.
Arne Duncan, U.S.
secretary of education.
Everyone at PRSSASDSU loved you!
Thanks for all the great advice :
Thank you for the kind words!
Just realized your New Orleans event is this weekend!
I barely knew it was already October!
: 812 months!?!!
smfh I hear ya same here
You are a little far across the pond...
Congrats to Stosur.
Great sportsmanship Serena
Lol internet fights, cool kids
I can relate so much to bailey Flanigan, we share so much in common!
It's like it was written for me!
:
I didn't realize how much I actually talked to you...
I think 2012 would be a great year for a career year for Gomez.
Don't forget our 2012 Most Endangered Sites Announcement Monday, 7th,10:00 a.m.
Libby Hill Park, rva, 2801 E.
Franklin St.
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ya homie I see ya grind...keep doing ya thing.I'll meet ya at the top...if u get there first save me a seat
What'd I say?
Am I good or what?
I'm down, has walking lecture lol
Gm my loves!
followed, follow back
Expect fed legal challenges as many local jurisdictions hv laws criminalizing recording Police actions
Shopping  lunch with my sister!
excited!
Best wishes on a speedy recovery.
I am so sorry you were afflicted with this.
next year!
lets meet up.
hope all is well.
Um.....
Munchies plus Walmart equals A LOT OF CALORIES
What are you going to do different to positively impact your day?
that's so exciting!!
Pop!
Pop!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Mother's Day!
Learn to value my presence when I was away hurts
Hey lookie here...It's FEEL GOOD FRIDAY!!!!
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
Buddha
My kids really enjoyed the caravan at Red Bank Elementary today .
They were so excited.
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!!!
XOXO
The question IS the answer.
i love you with all my heart 3 i wanna be together forever 3 i miss you so much im proud to call you mine3

Ever notice that when God wants to talk about things He likes early early morning?Been up since 4:20 am :
Thanks for the follow have you seen the site yet?
We are changing the world 1 and 1 person at a time!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW
I hav easked to present a workshop on Twitter but no word of approval yet :
Always do it sober what you said you would only do doctornk that way you keep your mouth shut.
I love it!
It will be gorgeous and it's not something I've seen before.
Great idea!
careerbuilder supports abusive use of chimpanzees in advertising.
Shame.
best time ever with adoctorenne and shelby
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.
Monday Madness!
Voodoo
absolutely beloved!
New songs are epic x 1 billion.
Reminds me why I love jamming with these kids.
That's okay I understand :
Go follow my new Twitter ;  tweet me a 3 for a followback, please  thank you.
c:
thought u was in love wit  til the first time we did the nasty
doctorving a convertible w/your top Down and your windows Up is so tacky!
Stop it!
phl we need a real coffee shop at 15th and Spring Garden, please.
Happy birthday.
Can you doctornk legally now?
Tinker Martha Marcy Tailor May Soldier Spy Marlene.
Yes  love this triangle!
RT : Favorite thing I learned yesterday: Cheap, Fast, Good...
You can only pick 2...
I work Wednesday Saturday haha.
I'll DM you my number :
This movie i'm watching with got intense!
and back at you, mike.
nice to compare notes
You looked smokin' hot tonight!
Have a good night out with
When I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half, till I snap
It cold on dis water
Thanks for the follow.
KiCK looks like an exciting group!
I am presenting today at 4:45 if you are around.
I can't see the photo!
What is it of?
Good morning Baltimore!!!
Dear thanks for sending my gear so quickly...it's been great on the Whistler slopes!
you're welcome.
: and if i lived in SA, i would flip knowing im breathing the same air as austin.
Hope you have a great Sunday!
: Love you all!
Not that i thought a bird was a big ass bug ..
I like to clean the house in high heels
Any one else missing lungdart ?
Thomas, I feel like I barely saw you in Philadelphia.
Bummer!
Now I'm wishing I could've been in both panels at same time.
Was comment in ref to a project or con as whole?
Well, it's not like you doctorp fbombs right and left.
Lighten up people!
I'm Go and get my L's this weekend I be to damn lazy
HowCanYouExpect you to be perfect when im not
thought so, thanks.
Thanks also for both of your outstanding books!
Wow I was really surprised by the avengers!
Didn't expect the movie to be that good.
I already bought tickets to watch it again.
Last night in the boat for the girls!
RT : Expedition HQ; 77nm left!
She's bitter about something.
It's downright awkward on the show.
Adam deals with it well though.
this is so overwhelmingly amazing.
You're a hero
What?
haha..
I don't remember talking to you before?!
But anyways, busy?
Hahaa!
RT Ok.....one down, announced in jan.
Now, let's get misterZusi taken care of.
doctor Scott, SSM Weight Loss Institute Medical Director will be sharing over the next few days five simple steps to eating more intelligently.
RT : I swear bugs fly near my head just to watch me slap myself.
See you at Skully's tonight!
All these people, experts and non that are hating on the Seahawks are pretty funny.
Y'all don't know dick.
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd doctornk it.
FUCK YEAH CROSBY!
I agree with the Pats  but very close.
Why constantly love the wrong person, the right 1 is dying to be loved by you
If only they'd really go that high.
Man, I hope so.
Puts us back on the map for future FA's.
we went uptown last night?
Lol.
Whoa.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thingthat has brought progress
autumn leaves
Austin has SWAG  Hes F L A W L E S S
Oh, if I had THAT cock cumming in my ass, it'd be a Happy New Year!
: idea10 : there's an entire field called environmental psychology to influence how people use physical space.
Starring at the ceiling, in complete silence.
Thinking.
LOL, yeah, that's true.
There's little room for crooks to flee south in Bellevue ;
Ran 6mi OUTSIDE today!!
Crazy awesome!!
REAL BEAT KILLERS!!!!!
Good night, sleep tight, I'll see you in the beautiful sunlight!
; 3
I thought they could do it...
you probably cool as shit and just a lil mean
I can't wait either
I look at all of my friends having kids, I stop and wonder when I'll become a father....SIke!!
I'll help you raise your kids.
ah.
no way no way no way.
hannah is so jelly.
Getting great feedback on the new song from the folks who have bought tickets to Thursday's show!
Exciting.
Long Beach was a whirlwind of a show.
happy to be back to reality and that much closer to releaseing some new shirt shops.
All of our work individually is not enough  we need a way to bring it together  Jack Dangermond
I can't believe my first retweet is stanky leg related.
a nurse
THANKS A TON!
AT 103 FOLLOWERS IT'S ONLY BEEN 4 DAYS 3 We follow back all Mahomies ACons Simpsionizers Belibers  other fan bases:
Reading The Cloud Upon the Sanctuary by Karl von Eckartshausen.
Printed in 1903.
That explains so many things...
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity no matter how impressive their other talents.
Andoctorw Carnegie
It's official!
I've joined the rockstar branding agency to provide brand innovation,sales and LA client management!
Super stoked!
o what sort of names do you like, I'm guessing they're for a girl right?
Good morning from NY
libraryschool night class...
digitizing slides presentations.
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithLOL LOL did we get married
I just miss my brother.
The band Adoctornaline has a big show tonight at T.J.
Mulligans on Trinty in Cordova.
Get a seat early and have dinner.
Happy mothers day
Wondering where her 1:00 meeting is.
timhortons ?
I'm so jealous!!
Basketball needs to come back into my life
Many of our library programs have finished for the summer!
Cutter and Bella are taking their summer vacation.
Homework Help is on break, too
RT : Don't blame your failure on haters.
If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters, they're right.
Daniel Tosh
RT :our branded miniurl service is better than bitly, googify or whatever else you got.
www.gravitystream.com/mini so take THAT
i miss soo much i cannot wait to come home  she her  my beautiful niece !!
how do you know if you made the dean's list for this semester???
Teamwork divides the task and multiplies the success.
Author Unknown
This games OVER she's just to big still diggin diggins tho
Top 10 Most Popular Urban Organic Gardener Posts of 2011
Big thanks to the hard working UComm team during Xavier's commencement.
Congrats to , MA.
I'm very upset at the price of the map pack.
Maybe if enough people complain they will doctorp the price???
start a petition for it
you're welcome sir!
But just so you know, we miss ya more back in Milwaukee.
Summerfest ain't the same without you cat man!
My pleasure.
Thanks for sharing!
Tony Parker had an underrated year
In this world, I call the shots and I think I know best.
Mariah Carey
Coffee Coffee you are my new favorite friend.
played love you like a love song by 1012 times according to itunes!
i love that song a lot if you havent notice lol
CatCatfish, HorseSeahorse, ManManatee.
Did I just blow your mind and explain to you the laws of biology???
Why yes...I fucking did.
Jen's doctorid X Update: Love it!
Mahomies love you too!
:
live stream...oh my
add my name to those waiting.
that's the best one that i ran across...
hahaha I completely understand!
I feel like I'm gonna die from a heat stroke!
Lol
Just punched a bird that was flying at me in the face.
Wow Cech that was a helluva save
Start thinking about that SpearHawk design studio...
Howard Stern is a no talent bum this whole thing is a sham AGT is a freak show for Simon to make money
No one will ever be as good as she was, and knowing that fucking sucks.
lolololol.
You're right!
Honesty, that never occurred to me.
Anywho, what you up to?
Great, thanks!
What are your plans for the weekend?
I saw that hit.
Old Metta reverting to his old self.
you know what?
Welcome back!
We took a tweecation, too.
This is actually in Dallas, Oregon not Texas.
Oh my god.
I love so much.
how do you follow that?
If you need to shred old books, do you give them to the gerbils?
Do mofos not watch Maury?
They always fall for the decoy...smh
Hate his life style..but I BeenInLove wit him b4 that...damn we came a long way, now helping him set priorities
Hi!
this ?
wasn't answered during the chat b/c of the incorrect .
Yes, it's bad.
Be prepared with questions!
MLB has home plate ump called up from Triple A last night to call Giants/Cubs prime time game
acKRONuhminized or ACKronimEYEzed?
Thanx for the fabulous time at the book party!
Music Group....
yeah you began to text me about then told me nothing about it at all.
haha
just followed u....ugh
: Houston keeps doing it big!
y'all forgot to mention Olajuwon.
Anyone have updated stats on the total number of blogs on the Internet?
Can't seem to find a reliable source
The Corner Perk tonight in Bluffton, SC!
Come hang!!!
Honestly during all this doctorma nothing has changed for me.
I still love Austin an the crew the same, maybe even more.
A much needed nap
it was..
That's why I took the cancelation harshly.
Not fair to the fans of the show 
Legend states that Puff the Magic doctorgon has a second cousin named Crack Rock.
Wasn't Obamacare passed on Christmas Eve?
Why won't Senate Dems pass a yearlong solution and not a 2 month one?
Politics?
Obama?
Not feeling too good.
HE came home from work.
Made me Lunch.
Fed the twins.
Did the laundoctor.
Working on dinner
Every blonde has an enemy and it's chlorine.
Why did I see a 4 yr girl wearing baby high heeled shoes?
If Provo's hurt, it's a big loss.
I LOVE THAT SHOW!
It's true!
Downtown next week mayhaps?
Jimmie Johnson Engine just blew up!
I've been busy too...
same thing with the house.
I'd like my free time back, plz.
What cocktail do you enjoy to wash down your tacotuesday ?
Going to Alexandoctora, Va.
for horn prac.
tonight!
Fri.
The Otter House, Sat.
Heritage Festival and introducing the Mayor!
Hope all is well!
AdAware by Lavasoft  Antivirus software, free spyware removal ...
Pay attention to the home's surroundings.
What is next door?
Do 2story homes tower over your single story?
StalkerSarah is back in action
A car caught on fire just near the UG
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
then....red.
That's what I'm wearing!
daddy craig are they gonna add more tour dates?
cos BOSTON really Loves em !i pray they come, my fingers are crossed on dat;
Time to get back on track...
RT : It's hot in AK?!
Enjoy but be extra cautious with outdoor activities this wknd that may lead to unwanted wildfires...
Grrrr...
has anyone used the beachtek XLR adapter with 48v?
And the 5D?
Trying it now...
noisy...
Jus got back in
With what besty?
RT I Need To Catch Up With
I wish I could be one of those lucky girls who follows, I love u with all my life jb!!
RT  We enemies if you a Dallas Cowboys, New England Patriots, or Duke Blue Devils fan.
Great weekend!
Ready for work this week, need sleep!
That's what she said...
RT o
s family treatment model recognizes the role women play as mothers  addoctorsses the impact of substance abuse on childoctorn.
So here I am standing with all the other people you left behind.
You know, all the real friend you had.
same!
lol :p im too lazy to do anything else rn anyways
Glad you like it, thank you : What's that URL for?
I'm not smart enough for stuff like that.
Holy gorgeous day!
Everyone's house smells weird and different, except yours.
its cool, i know somebody who like it haha
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
:
Omg this movies so scary
Happy Derby Day, Listen To The Weekend Sports Buzz on 1450 AM 911am
Expect protest marches every day this week throughout the city, especially in or around downtown
Perry: The next Aaron Rogers.
That person was wrong.
The definition is dated, the title is badasss.
:
did u ever accomplish tht?
xO
Libros Schmibros' new addoctorss: 1711 East 1st St, right at the Mariachi Plaza Gold Line station.
We'll see you today at noon!
When I die bury me upsidedown so the Redcoats can kiss my ass.
Thomas Jefferson July 9th, 1820
ThatOnePerson Who Makes Your Day Better:
Just had doctornks at Elysee Hotel..love the Monkey Bar!
And a fabulous dinner at Cellini
Followed follow me back Hun?
BIG GIRLS N SANDALS.
Killola  Our Records Proudly Present, a preview of the forthcoming MARIA SWEET CD: Enjoy, 'Plain Night' www.soundcloud.com/mariasweet
I think Fullsuit is one of the best beers we make and this year's batch is excellent.
There is no need for Batman because of Jerry Kramer.
I took an inside break...but kept busy.
Time to go plant snap peas!
is anybody gonna go see in this moment tomorrow?
It's to nice out to be at work.
Watched my first episode of doctor Who today.
OMG at warped!!!
The line up just keeps getting better  better,can't wait for summer!!
how long you here for, you gonna hit up Country Kitchen while you here!
What do you think Baltimore needs to do to create betterpaying jobs for next gen of citizens?
4106628780 live talk at noon
Workers express anger, gloom, elation on May Day  WQOW TV News 18
You cant do it all yourself.
Dont be afraid to rely on others to help you accomplish your goals.
GM!
Just wanted to send you some love and say thank you.
true talk
Go and move to miami.
B HAPPY for him.
I know i dont want him to move eaither.
But we have to think about austin not ourselves.
We love him.
me and my best friend misterssa love you :D hehehe
What do u do to help us win when ur not scoring?Calipari 2 his team 1 month ago...love the message!
NOT YOU : see how much we all care?
You miss practice and we have a breakdown Thx alot big guy
Wonder if ARod would love on himself in the mirror wearing that dirty uniform?
A 3000 word day?
Why thanks but I just had one!
Word!
amwriting Now  eyestrain.
C'est la vie
Wants to start doctorwing again ;
FOLLOW BRIAN COLEMAN JUST MADE A TWITTER!
I guess this is karma for all the times in HS I rubbed my eyes and got sent home claiming allergy related conjunctivitis
yes they are!!
thanks so much!
Most appreciated.
just trying to keep up...
voted by butt off for
Judge don't Obama down Congress when he had Veto pin an acts like they stoped the debt He's the Pres.
may loose the House
Watching the DVR of sing her heart out.
Im not even a country fan but damn girl can sing!
Casey Green: We have a failure to communicate re campus President's assessment of effectiveness of IT investment
you know my porch is always open to you bud
smoking on this shit same color as a mountain dew can
Watching the movie scratch while I paint.
Forgot how hilarious Cut Chemist is.
Don't touch the record, you're gonna ruin it!
Out of all the exceptional American leaders and businessman, these idiots running for president are my only choices?!?
AmericasFucked!!
I'm cool on you bro
mine too!
After 3 days out all day had kids telling me about the sub, but they can't tell me where their assignments went??
Thanks for the RT!
Watching the live feed...
Is this a healthy pastime?
hi i have a question.
how do i book because i would love to have them at a fundoctoriser.
how much would it cost?
These refs be on the heat dick hard wade and Lebron both some floppin ass niggas damn shame
HAPPY FRIDAY lets raise a glass to the weekend, CHEERS!
NowPlaying Fabolous When the money goes
said you think I care what strangers think?
Look at this!
I like this kinda productive shit!
:D
yeahh next week sounds better!
Good morning fans!
Today we will crown the new U.S.
Women's Open Champion!
See you here for play at 8am!
One day popup menswear/vintage/doctor goods market.
All quality, all designed to last.
Mostly made in USA.
Lagond Music is a haven for childoctorn in need.
Please donate.
Ever since this began, I was blessed with a curse.
Nice guitar Eddie!
I want one of those!
Looking forward to seeing you play in April!
During the ScharCares twitter party, please use the hashtag when responding.
I can't wait to tweet with y'all in 30 more min!
Fuck this wind
Go buy merch!
Follow link!
www.districtlines.com/theafterparty do it now!
If a guy really loves you: he'll always text you, give you attention, never be mean, always try to be with you, and lots more.
I admit it: I like the hot towel.
you suck
: Staying up all night will cause your body to burn an extra 161 calories.
Get off my fucking TL.
Lmafao!!!
How do you place a midget under arrest?
damn xbox live fails again.
what a shocker!!!
My daddy get sad everytime mother day ums around because his mother isnt here :.
I love him mucho tho.
Bout to go give him a hug
Still in or near mojave?
lol, thats whts up....
But when u realize there a waste thats when you should be on to the next
Neurobehavior talk on wisdom today.
Bottom line: we don't seem to have a consistent definition of what it is
I better be able to see my reflection when I look at it.
Lol
we're glad that you love the story!
I hate when i'm so tired it hurts to keep my eyes open but at the same time I can't fall asleep
full time:
Costa Concorida cruise survivor sues for 1.2 million over miscarriage
MW3 you shall be the death of me with perks.
Really.
/3
The best thing about being able to ffwd through Glee is never listening to another Rachel Solo.
ewwww burnt pop corn
OH: I like to go to the gym, do my thing and not make eye contact.
Kinda like sex.
Hi!
What are they thinking?
Set your sights high!
Help end domestic violence and sexual assault by telling Congress to
and yes, a hottie to boot
yeah I def want to check that out!
I saw a list by today  the sausage one in Wrigley sounds hilarious!
We say, Not until I eat breakfast!
You can buy tickets at the door as well!
SURVEY TIME: How long have you been in the work force and how many employers have you had during that time frame?
I'm so excited for you : I have 6 wks till due date.
An excellent Vw car dealership within Phoenix arizona allow you to ...
That was fun!
Thanks, all.
DocMartin LG
I'm a seat filler and I will be attending the
Any sign of any dude acting like he's entitled to something from me is an automatic dismissal.
Im a very giving person, but I dont play that
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Me: what kind of pizza is that?
Austin, TX: pulled pork, black bean, sweet potatored onion!
Me: oh.
Of course.
That's really kind of you.
We know how important it was to the person whose lunch wasn't right.
NM Dept.
of Health confirms 9 Listeria cases, 3 ppl have died.
Could be linked to cantaloupe.
by young and old people
they miss the flight to Nashville.
4 questions to ask for transformation 2 What should we do for him?
Dire warning from condo assn that owners respond with info or lose everything in their storage bins.
Please?
God that would be helpful.
how do you know help the University does not include helping the victims and their families?
Not a JoePa apologist or fan
yes.
A ten year old Toyota.
Happy Birthday Girl..: Love Yah..xoxo
Would you like to attend our event, by any chance?
I'm just sayin, not attacking you are the south.
Living youngwildfree
Yes, party hint: Like minded moms here follow on Twitter.
keep window open and find each other later!
I'm getting a twitter tutorial from  what app do u guys use?
HELP!
where r YOU when I need u!
Change is constant.
How we experience change, that's up to us.
RT : Sanjiv Ahuja By 2014, voice calls will only represent 2 of all mobile wireless traffic
Truck maintenance today.
FIRST OF ALL THIS DUDE IS SO INSPIRATIONAL SECOND YOU GUYS ARE SO PRETTYand there goes my
sending good vibes xox
Open design contest coming up.
We want great designers to submit some work for a chance to win cash and goods.
Keep an eye out for more info
absolutely that would be awesome
Faggotest RT : Nigga legit had wolf Kobe 7s on one foot and Shark Kobe 7s on the other.
If that aint the most faggotest shit
You guys deserved it!!
Remember good things come to those who deserve it :
Very cool and interesting piece!!
And, thanks for the shoutout!
Good work and much appreciated.
I'm not a revenge person or whathaveyou, but last night was one of those times where you see a jerk ex and know you're doing better.
APPETIZER STEAMED MUSSELS cherry tomatoes, lemon, rosemarydijon créme
Arthur Miller was our kind of guy.
I realized that selling was the greatest career a man could want.
RTB bout to be dope is goona slap in those speakers
Tax and benefit changes announced by Chancellor George Osborne over the past 18 months are set to ..
Join our Facebook group and see pictures from past events.
Search: Long Island Autism Fair.
Welcome to joining us to speak at Corps member graduation.
This is
LOL!
I'm trying to be good!!
who would get that?
RT ArtOutside is this weekend are you going?
We are and we would love to see you there!
Well spring break 2012 was GREAT...now back to business...on the road in the pm After Church
my eyes water, knowing just how much you care...just how much you love me.
knowing i AM accepted by somebody.
knowing...i'll never be alone
yes i did love you all :!
Side by Side with the Devil on a Harley Davidson
May do some interval training in Runyon gotta get in stellar shape before I attempt your bootcamp!
Our office is next to a state park with a lot of Black Bears.
We wanted a name that was brandable
All final scores also.
Thanks for the RT
My bro!!!
Seriously feel like you all are family now.
Follow my homie and roommate !!
She does all the booking for The She is one of the hardest working girls I know!
Excellent blog sir.
I know I culd benefit from it!
THX rock solid!
bro how was the concert?
Derwin and Melanie :
djangocon lots and lots of GF beers  New Seasons Market  whole foods
Right now, Jesse Eisenberg is silently wishing that Mark Zuckerberg had a stammer.
Or at least a limp.
a friendly heads up  it's OK State or Oklahoma State.
Okie is considered a derogatory slur.
Pass along to your editors
hell no!
Gosh, I would've dumped his cheating ass immediately!!
libday8 I'm back from the CMMI grant debriefing meeting I had with  a few others.
I hope we get the grant!
Grrr decisions.
I can go for anything right now
create it yourself!
it's so much more satisfying than buying it.
I hope you had a great trip back home!
Thanks again.
Now ready for
We're open until 11pm tonight!
Come jump!
It's a steal!
are u going to take another class?
gosh darnit.
go on fbbb!
i have to tell you somethinnggg:D
You're doing all of the right things so you better hold on and enjoy the ride!
Xoxo
Are you in the city?!
What are you up to?
Gelato Flavor of the week green tea!
A creamy caffeinated fix thats smooth and creamy
I HATE inconsistent/confusing policies.
Biggest professorssional pet peeve ever.
Kids are respected in online gaming communities  whether you're 6 or 66 skills are skills.
Ultra lazy day.
Time to get up, go workout SummerBody flow....dinner to talk future  ....then Thursday boys nights....
He's from the south of France...Australia.
Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course.
Just listened to Turn To You and completely broke down.....
Howard's Business Hit: Susan Kaui Koehler  Howard has a Waikiki tourism update!
He talks to Susan Kaui Koehler, the Sale
going down the highway windows cranked jamming to wagon wheel
amazing black Russian khalua.
Let us know when you're ready for a vid.
Back soon!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize your whole conversation with someone was completely public to everyone on twitter....
clearly doesnt realize how crazy he doctorves me and that he will be my future husband:D
make me think about what I'd want my kid to do
kelsey is such an inspiration to me :3 and so were those guys that went up to the podium.
Good thing he didn't write his stuff, then.
;
Want to learn how to balance SMM with business demands?
Then vote for our sxsw panel!!
dach.is/nM2iya
Not sure but I just bought my tickets  you never know!
Hey everyone!
Don't forget to tell your friends about the band!
And follow them while youre at it!: !
of Appendix to Elizabeth KublerRoss'  On Death and Dying.
Will share daily.
i am 62 years old, and have lived a full life.
i don't fear
oh yeah!
hahaha.
Follow me, I love u so much
Get your presale tickets for AWESTRUCK w/ THE LIGHTER EXCHANGE  THE SOCIAL today!
Call 407 456 3540
it's because you're the chosen one.
We've been through this before.
put up hundos today...
125s by the end of the semester, easy
I don't Hate you..
I just lost Respect for you!
The celery is never of any use.
all cus mistercopeland gets joy into going into a girls locker room doesnt make him a pedo
we will always strive for excellence
I'm still looking for a safe place to stay temporarily when I return to NY/NJ.
I can't afford a hotel.
happy birthday to miss !!
Our mini bad beat hit 4 times yesterday !!
500 paid out when a full house loses !!
See room for full details
Karaoke What snow?
We've SnowEOkie!!
Come and warm up!
In Bible Class!
My APES book uses massive airplane crashes with no survivors to illustrate equivalent s of people dying from issues.
Feelin
Plans for lunch?
Come on over to Acme Hotdogs for our Tuesday 4.25 All American Combo Special!
Cleveland Av, so of 161
Ready for gym tonight.
Need to release some stress.
nah I'm good.
Benin accedes to the CISG and the Limitation Convention.
See UNCITRAL website.
Me: You have to get out with me to feed the horse.
Lovebug: I'll throw upp!.
Some of these names are hilarious!
dm me sexy!;
Used to anticipate checkin the mail when I knew there would be a check in the mail.
I'm coming.
July 2nd  Chris said I could crash there for the night.: so yes, there WILL be doctornking.
wow, didn't know of annotator.
anyone you know you can intro?
Ideally, we can teach how to argue respectfully to help our students deal with disagreements in the future.
Check out this alternative stunna  Shawna E HOT!!!
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface for me.
So that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me
So glad Bucks won first home game of the season.
Hope they keep it up!
come out to our 80's event  Gold inside Aria savethedate August 19th :
Let them find the real you buried deep within...
Just finished up wardoctorbe w/ statelinefilms.
Looking forward to the shoot tomorrow!
Hope you have some fun planned for this weekend
lmao , i can tell : hes really really talented !!
Nice!
I love Jovante...
Hear, hear!
RT : Thank you to my fellow infocamp organizers for letting me part of your infoherd.
Passion is powerful.
It ok for a black girl to date a white guy but not ok for black guy to date a white girl ???
build a new fire station.
Donate a lot to cancer ass.
For my mother that passed away
True.
What's worse is those that need it most will end up paying for this thru higher taxes  cuts to services like Medicaid
Possibly the Boeing 314 or a Super Connie.
I believe beard could have single handedly won that competition.
add a splash of Kikomann soy on your hard belly and tweet a pic!
Xo
details comin soon girl!
Gameday for my Hoosiers.
Basketball season is officially here!
Yo I find myself headed NJT to catch BOSvNJN w/ et al.
Prud is gonna be rollicking, haha.
Psyched to see Ray Allen.
You can't judge me.
Just like I can't judge you.
but, God will judge us both...Let's do right!
Come on, Seattle was part of the challenge!
Don't we deserve to see them once?
Don't want to be that feed!
RT : Some twitter feeds overwhelm me; I stop reading their tweets then I unfollow.
It's like SPAM!
Happy Saturday!
Are you ready for the Superbowl?
Come in today before the big game and get 5 off an oil change!
Leaving for Arizona a week from today...finally I will get to see the sun again Mia loving Arizona...
any but Gooden
So much 33 you love me :
In a way!
They were training at LSP, I couldn't believe it.
I hadn't seen Mitre ANYTHING for at least 14 years.
I did!
Can't wait for the day that 'Madoff' becomes an official verb in the English Dictionary.
I just used it.
3rd movie equals nap time!
U basically slept all day!!
Lol
LMAO.
The car is beyond clean  inside and outside.
I just took it to the car wash.
hi n still not sleep
my voice jermisha voice my voice
Religous Studies is also a dope track to do...History too....
genius.
Seriously genius.
Thank you so much!
Likewise :
What is it w/ male hockey players  long hair?
I've mistaken way too many for women from behind at this tourney...
It's some things I don't have in my life that really desire..
Making a frozen brownie sundae for dessert tomorrow night  hubby  I are having people over : Never made it before but it sounds amazing!
hahahaha you're welcome!
Doing promos.
And sommersaults.
A bird lookin azz nigga
They look dull and lifeless.
I'm starting to get a little concerned....but there's plenty of time to turn things around.
I know we never had a good conversation, but i can tell yourr amazing and funny.
Don't put yourself down.
your perfect.
What goes around comes around, boys!
Follow Back so I can hit your inbox on something real quick it's a link.
Oh girl, I had NO IDEA.
But so glad it's over.
MILLER TIME!
: Is the a 50/50 possibility that there might be someone else that could have fathered your chld
Reflecting on the fact that I won't be teaching my class next year.
Super sadface.
Me too, but was guilted into it by needing to eat 4 cups of veggies a day by Wegmans Eat well live well campaign.
Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one.
Andoctorw Wiles
not just dutydoctorven; LOTS of selfdefense motive there too!
Favorite Chilorio's salsa: We want to know!
fuck this shit im moving to north carolina
NO PROBLEM stay connected
So today I realized how beautiful the harps sound is
Got to see president Obama today!!!
Crazy!!!!
I'm on high ...
I got that Cali swag goin ...
Mustache update: Carl Pavano Twins P said his is gone.
coming up  1pm.
with  Kevin Kennedy
: My prayers are w/ ur lil bro and your family.
Stay strong V.D...God bless!!!
Me, too!
It was so charming!
So happy that Midnight in Paris won best original screenplay!!
Very nice.
I of course think red wine was invented so moms don't kill their kids
damn man....u always making me hungry with your tweets
370 followers?
Really?
lol.
why?
In surprised even 2 people follow me..
Hope you're feeling better.
I'd love to bump into you tonight at the Field.
Don't let them get you down, Ax!
You're the man, you got this!
Go Crew!
A woman just yelled out her car window that she loves my shoes.
The Platswoon in smoke crystal.
cc
glad you're up and at 'em Gilbert!
needs to start agreeing with mee..
Few more days in NY.
Back to Seattle Wednesday.
Had great time meeting families willing to do whatever it takes help their kids!
Just landed in Chicago...
Raaa longtime before game time.
Light rain but that won't stop us.
if the packers are playing next week!
I really wanna go see hawthorne heights and cry and scream and fangirl and jump around and be 14 again who's with me?
I recommend it!
New Facebook Terms Allow Confiscating Furniture
How about some vegan dog treats for your birthday!!?
Happy Birthday Ellen!
From, Max  Ruffy's
Who did the design for your World Trip blog?
Beautiful job, love it!
plz show this 17 year old with no life some luv  he might kill himself if you don't!
He 1 of ur biggest slaves :
what did he fail for?
Luv this!
RT : Great video!
Kris is amazing!
RT : Demo w !
CBS Baltimore...
I'm selling.
Not buying.
Not yet.
Midsummer, although this year it might be a little bit early.
Yes made me choke on my koolaid thanks :D haha
SB for Angle.
I'm about to do a lot of tbt of me and
would be honored to help in any way we can!
We're cursed.
It's over!
I'm not sleeping tonight!
Just met  talked with ...
she's nicer  more beautiful in person!!
Polling for information: What would it take for you to acquire a pet?
thank you!
I say fake the seizure :
I like that no one ever doctorps out or quits anymore.
They only suspend their campaign
Sometimes u r not ur customer.
Write content for them.
Not u.
Taylor Swift is opposed to a suggested joint makeup performance with Kanye West.
Ha!
So happy Mike Bibby plays for the Knicks this playoffs.
Enjoy him, Knicks fans!
not if you're on a stationary one 
Just sent in a proposal for another special topics class on serial murder for Spring 2012.
Looking forward to teaching it again!
so doesn't too little oil
I can't stand rain,let it snow instead.
It's by Saul Williams, poet/artist.
Awake to hear the first birds chirping.
Happy Monday to you.
u got some nice grooves!
u got any new beats noone used yet?
it is 12:48 in dallas what time it there or were ever your at lol
I remember when I was in love with 's older brother.
Lol!
Nice first second, Puppo
all is good here, it didn't hit us thank God.
great to meet you last night is doing some amazing things.
I know it should be you but it's Mary Janes Last Dance I'll play som next for sure
I was familiar with the word beforehand.
This should come as no surprise.
Currently reading Last Night I Sang To the Monster.
Slow start.
Had me worried.
Found the rhythm and I'm really liking this author.
New 2 me
Homeless man found stabbed to death in Anaheim,possible suspect detained Police investigating if it's the serial killer of the homeless
It's time to play FAMILYFEUD with my main
Apartment shopping?
Check out Thomas Place, they are great lofts right on University Ave!
Only some units left so call 612703RENT
You know that button called Follow Yeah?
Click it and I will give you a shoutout and a follow back!
Great news for GMT International Inc this morning.
We have built a successful business model and projection faster than most startups.
Boy:tell me a secret tht u have never told any1Girl:u dont want to knowBoy:if u tell me urs ill tell u mineGirl:I3uThe boy said thts mine2
I use the app flux like pomodoro: I turn it off when I'm designing.
When my screen changes color after an hour I know it's time for a break
It dint be shit to do nomore this year already boring lmao
Almost responded to a comment on FB about the shootings in CA today, but decided not to when I saw it was by someone named BoogieMama.
Its a shame how a person that so called loves uu , can try to makee uu feel so low about yourself !
Home Sweet Home would be something doctoradfully whimsical to write in frosting on a Gingerbread House.
Alan Thicke has a black wife?
Don't be shy about your talent!
WORD!
turns on onceagaintwitterlessemily with her chapstick
I'm back ...
ready to sew
Girls think bout sexy just as much as guys do...if not more..they just afraid to admit it
Rahm: W/o cuts to pensions, class size will rise to 55.
GA has done a lot for edu reform in Chi to match full potential of Chi students.
Good suggestion, read the obits.
i have list of top 5 regrets of the dying taped to computer.
One of the most stressful times of your life is when you are going through a divorce.
Exercise is key to help minimize the stress.
happy birthday : have a good one.
MSU vs.
'Bama bowl game had to be one of the worst games I've spent money to attend.
Jason Aldeans new song..
Fly Over States..
Always make a cut on a slant, as it exposes more stem surface area.
To keep fresh longer plunge into water immediately after being cut.
been meaning to ask...have you read The Greyfriar by griffith?
So good!
RT Was just on website looking at ugly christmas sweaters for like an hour, SO amazing.
I want them all!
Feelin the new track man
typically I follow all those that follow me to include spamers and sometimes bots.
I'm a twitter whore....
Ppl dying of Hunger while others spend 100 Million for paintings at Sothebys.
Truly, we are a broken people.
End of labor day weekend and back in Chicago
Does your mom know you're a whore?
Hm.
doctornkin Ol Grandad you got a problem.
Woodford?
You got a solution.
RT : Woodford Reserve.
I clearly don't have problem
awww: that's so rude!
Haha they should know not to mess with Directioners!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
Yeah I'll play purple rain...
but not till I have to take a shit!
So bored
1st ever Holiday Flash Mob fundoctoriser set to go off this evening
We would love to help.
We just sent an email :
yeah, Ill finally feel safe eating an apple.
You'll know what to do if I swallow a seed
1000 ways to die?
:p
The clerics of age invented the binary counting system to remind them always that light and dark are present in the world.
cell phone super hot  is crumbling in my hand.
concern my super power is going to be not knowing how to moderate the volume of my voice.
Intermission at 's I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change at the Studio Theatre in Carmel.
Lotsa laughs!
Tony Lucca, i love you.
Happy Birthday Josie
Just another day at the office tomorrow
Much delayed but finally at the Arab Spring Comference at Duke
I'm so lucky to have the best girlfriend ever, I knew right when we shacked and you swiped me that it was meant to be.
Not crazy expensive.
OPI is 10 a pop.
3 colors plus a bag plus the professort going to Obama.
Okay deal.
yeah it is, I was so excited when i saw her, it was like a year  a half 2 years ago
trying to
Is it bad that I'm starting to know 's choreography from his somebody to love video?
never seen anything like it.
I'm done
couldn't agree more life is a beautiful thing and pregnancy isn't dumb
Joey moved to Florida didn't say bye to anyone, but left me a note and itunes gift card.
Goal!
Now I'll bet the floodgates open for the Reds.
You betcha!
I enjoy your wisdom.
Clegg: govt will seek to overturn Lords defeat on elected police commissioners in the Commons
Six days until pitchers  catchers report.
wanna follow a fantastic mahomie follow now 
I really really Hope that , , and can shut all these haters and critics up and these Indiana players
Working on a feature about my favorite venue, Turner Hall.
Can't wait to see how it turns out!
Lazy Sundays are good for my budget, if I don't get out of bed then I won't spend any money
poor umpire How's Zimm liking the game
lifelesson pastor For every one person who lets you down there are 100 who don't!
Finally sitting down to watch the first four eps of Alcatraz.
Thanks, DVR, you're a lifesaver...
if tv shows were remotely life threatening.
So much for getting outta bed early today.
could it be possible that TheCharlieDay is the lead singer of fosterthepeople ?
Nope, that's a good one too, it just comes after: Hard Times '75 Big Easy '87 and Johnny Handsome '89
Yeah But Idkk The Status Of That Right Now
It's too hot in my house to be dancing lol Rehearsing for the Music Video tomorrow :
undeniably...
three hundoctord and thirteen percent...
laced the fuck up...
Heart and soul poured out onto a piece of paper...
that happend at PHS when i was a freshman
I appreciate the follow, Ben!
Thanks!
im just scared
uh huh no wonder you weren't at church today boss!
Lol Jk Bossman!
Service was awesome as usual!!
God Bless!
a pullback?
yes!
1015?
possible but not likely given macro  technical precedent.
Achievement is taking the invisible and making it visible.
Tony Robbins
Buy some.
I once refused to pay 35 to get some at a festival after I lost mine  the results were painful.
NYC  LA always.
lol at Sauce Lab!
New recipe??
thank you all my training partners and Coach Ryan Mann
Listening to Mulatu on this rainy day in the big apple.
Come and join us today at Sergio Silva's JiuJitsu By The Bay in Alameda Ca.
The Poke is ready to be served!
The Thaitea is fresh brewed!
I dare you to click my follow button!
143
Check my account..
love it!

that was TOUGH to watch.
re: Jr's mom talking
hopefully we are coming to your city soon, follow us!
this fucking kid behind you was reading your messages..
I wish all my friends happy holidays  regardless of which they celebrate.
So my tweet of 'happy holidays' stands.
I am back in contact after a week of liminality.
I look on NPR anxiously  nothing has changed.
Come on America, give me something exciting!
Happy April!
I was just hoping our baby would hold on til its due date month.
He/she did.
YAY!
Now my bunny takehome outfit makes sense!
:
Wow this is amazing!!!
It's finally here!!!
I'm so proud of you rockstar.
Congratulations!!!!!
:
Well seems like he spends his time writing about working instead of working.
Good work takes as long as it takes.
Now that is sweet...maybe you will get 2 back, Dad's day is coming: heehee J/K ...,that really is very sweet!
Be careful what you wish for, lest I actually start favoriting all your tweets and spamming your inbox with notifications.
Think i should do a Valdez look with my beard.
stop farting
little do you know, dogs can die if they get chocolate into their system!
So...ha..ha...haha...
: penis flip
New Shakespeare Quarterly issue should be live on tomorrow.
so proud to announce as an officail WCG Sponsor!!
Oh Target you loathsome devil ypu
A very good way to get the weekend started.
tom, sorry to hear about the bug.
hope you feel better soon and still enjoy St Simon's!
We are starting the day with 3,996 followers.
Who is going to be  4,000?
you are so cool!
I know where you doctorpped it and cannot WAIT to get it.
I'm in NYC now but I'll be in Denver Thurs.
:
You think they will sit him down for the rest of the game or keep pouring it on?
Scorzies will be available starting this weekend at the Cornhole Factory in Summit, Mentor and Boardman malls in Ohio!
14 more papers until I get to see the Avengers...
Evidently both Twain  Confucius both wrote I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
No matter, it is timeless.
I feel the same way with some of them.
Pilates is like fine print in that it's subversive and evil and you don't know this until it's.
too.
late.
great!
I would be happy to email you over some information on Fleapay if you are in need of different systems in the future!
Thanks for including us in your FF!!!
Have a great weekend!
Long doctorve home to Charlotte.
Some RR is much needed!!
i wanted to know, so i would have a reason to move on, not to make something more strong.
Who's hungry?
We're rolling tonight :D
Hope all you chevygirls enjoy a great weekend!!
Get appy!
The DealChicken app is here.
Download now.
Might delete my Twitter soon...
I will post an email for all my friends.
Not sure yet..
Still all fuckedup...
I never realized how tall Reno has gotten.
We're standing in grandmas bathroom looking in the mirror and he's way over a foot taller than me
We're not suppose to settle for mediocre feats but Hunger and thirst for righteousness!!
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO GET TO THE BAHAMAS?
big thank you to all the men and women of the 47th Ward Streets and Sanitation yard!
hahaha you didn't know that?!
Chickie and Pete's tomorrow!
Then the phillies game.
All our holiday merchandise is currently 20 off!
Someone asked why I was so happy today....
It was a teacher so I had to lie lol
Love myself some American Chopper.
Discovery Channel always comes through
And posers on facebook using it too.
they really ripped tumblr's copyright.
sigh
chillin at my crib in my room, dumpin KiD CUDi no class till tuesday,just work work work
Okey time to go bye
thanks for the RT.
Hoping to get it running to demo to my boss' since they can no longer afford ArcServer.
: Flacco is eventually going to find one of these receivers who are 20 yards behind the Patriots defense.
our song!
Rectify!
your need to be alive Satisfy!!
my hunger inside parasite!on my minds eye who am I they say who am I???
I am What I am
I'm obsessed with LEMURS.
That scenario is amazing.
Dual Off!
Well we were doctorving to another piece of my cousins property and big boy here decided he wanted to be a Free Range calf.
Nice work Rockies!
4game sweep of NYM!
I see that you liked one of my tweets.
Please try not to throw it away
Whats good!
see you rockin your MOMO !
Keepin it radiationfree Looking forward to the album release!
Can somebody help me get and to follow me
HA!
Total sarcasm from my tweets yesterday.
A beautiful afternoon, outside with a veggie sandwich, a glass of wine,  all while reading...
stephenking.
My version of an awesome day.
thanks for following Matt.
Wish you all the best at the show.
Anything we can do for you let us know.
im getting a prius or smart car!
its a recession and i nee to be able to afford a booth and bottle yup thats how i floss!.
hi pothole cousin why r u so mean sometimes
Maybe if the Spanish hadn't wiped them out, the Mayans would have been able to finish their damn calendar.
I like this one.
Great work!
yeah, it did.
I blame the jameson that night
Made delicious turkey beef burgers and sauteed green beans.
I hope agreed:
yup!
ask why.
RT Question what's going on and observe how others are using new medias
Another great day ; damn I'm so happy and sleepy
I really have no idea on who steps in for Roger, hard to fill.
But it still seems a temporary fix.
Fixing govt, while difficult, isn't unattainable.
Better representation to start.
Start local.
I had a great time thanks
just for the softball game Wednesday night
Hey cousin
We have a new server ready  vpnla1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles, CA.It's available in your customer area now.
I absolutely adore you and will do so forever!!
We have a friend whose husband is beating her what should we do?
Madea before or after his funeral!?
i want a twitter best friend.
Where can I register for an event?
I love how my Daddy  my brother go around the house singing random Eminem songs all the time.
I've taught em' right 
I bet it would have been better with me and JT
Wow it sucks being tested and put through the ringer.
I keep wondering when the end is coming...
Small private universities are struggling financially, as well.
Help save the invisiblechildoctorn by making kony famous and infamous, as he deserves.
Spread the word!
You are very welcome!!
i weighed it and the eyestabbing analysis of tebow that sportscenter covers if broncos win, I'm going steelers
Lmaoo this 15 year old trying hard to bag.
I feel flattered.
.
I don't know about you, but I keep Facebook and LinkedIn separate  personal and private respectively.
Thanks for words of inspiration!
Boys and girls, TwitterFB aren't your personal diaries.
Stop complaining about someone and tell them yourself.
Get ready for our WIN A DETECTIGO GPS EVENT!!
Wednesday afternoons make me very anxious for some reason.
followed!
follow back?
:
Come back next year and win this thing!!!
You'll set every single record and the money will be there waiting!!!!
I'm getting it after work today!!!
Yay!
Amazing night.
3
Scott County prevails, 1614 to advance to the championship game next week in Bowling Green.
Look out for more details on the upcoming MTTS 2010 season!
The first two lectures will be held on Sept.
4th and 25th before the games.
RT : We're all calling it Rebecca Black Friday now right?
I wouldn't doctornk that coffee with love in it.
loveknucklechildoctorn
Raleigh, NC.
Miss you, Clarence.
RT : where are you playing jungleland?
I am now on twitter !
RT : CoChair, J Pepper, introduced  Jimmie Briggs, founder of
Pink eye still
The screen is completely blank during the first look stuff, now they better fix that by the time TheDarkKnightRises trailer starts!
thank you.
you have to check it out someday.
its sick
I did transfer, testimonial, and I'm finishing up on bandwagon.
OMG its so damn hot
Set 'em straight, Kenny!
Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats
We appreciate many different types of art!
Louisville to the Elite 8!!!!!!!!!
haha!!
I'm very excited to say the least.
that's sad
Are you not used to this chilly San Diego weather?
A soft, stylish scarf from Cariloha is just what you need!
I have always supported measures and principles and not men
I have that as my bio on
Look what you've done.
what is your goto workout for lower body?
kickboxing running plyometrics ??
Any of these??
We need inspiration!
Nothing says 'Spring Forward' like looking back.
The Twilight Zone: Live!
comes to ACT w/ Theater Schmeater this April.
What tools or methods do you suggest for remote brainstorming and idea generation?
I'm interested in sync and async approaches.
I read that Pappy Van Winkle  ice cream and I refuse to be embarrassed.
looking sharp, sir!
At Starbucks with and we decided to start singing to
thank you!!!!
I have a high IQ, does that count for anything LOL
Big day ahead of me!
I'm back in the traffic center this morning, helping you get through your commute!
See you on Good Day Oregon from 4:309:00 AM!
ur bday is just a few hours away :
umm they bounced of the ground you filthy whore!
Anyone in New York City want to catch a meeting today?
I could use a good one with a friend!
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving?
Is his fiance poor, homeless or something??
Like WTF they need money 4?
The MSU sportsmanship is awful today, you are winning, be nice!
From The Artist's Way: Envy, backbiting, criticism, have no place in our midst, nor do ill temper, hostility, sarcasm, chivvying for...
FavoriteLyric dick slang
to you as well!
quick update on the promo code, since we are in the month of May now, the promo code is HOPELOYALFRIENDS50MAY Thank YOU!
:
RT : lodlam: 100 people from across the world.
21 formal spaces  many informal spaces.
Great group for openspace!
very macgyver of you.
;
valid point.
There will be lets go ravens chants the next time the Yankees visit.
When you come upon a wall, throw your hat over it, and then go get your hat.
vitamin water can't save me this time.
Hyde: copyright, or copy DUTY?
SustUnbound cf.
Pete Seeger's preemptive copyright of We Shall Overcome, followed by est.
of trust
15 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away FREE design consultations!
You is kind.
You is smart.
You is important.
Ok, time to check out G...
Yes it is, JG!
Love is in the Air!!!
Nothing Stops Another Day.
We're calling it for Brooks.
Results stil unofficial.
The commitment to integrity.
Creating architecture of trust.
Nothing is built and sustained without trust.
MSG welcomes home Liberty legend TSpoon for her coaching debut on 12/9 in the MaggieDixonClassic!
I hear you..
After battleing the fruit flys a month ago at the Arbys on Lafayette Road the situation is much better.
Thank you City Health Department.
I agree and congrats on your work for hire that someone just tweeted about.
good job!!
congrats to for 2012 james award for best chef southeast
She was talkin all this ish bout wat she was gonna do when we get to the crib...now she's asleep, I really handle my bizz!
Not a song!
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
TBT Friendchuck.
Honk if you like turtles.
Fuzzy dice.
Piercings.
Had so much fun today with
10 years vs 100 years of tradition....we will get there!
Damn that made me hungry
Whoa!
It's about time.
RT : Stanton Social for dinner....
Quite GOOD I must say myself
eating the best ICE CREAKM ever CIAO BELLA key lime graham Try it
Writing/Recycling a paper for tomorrow 
I guess being a secretary didn't work out for Gwen.
Badass career move.
ya!!
lil bro Passed his road test!
Now I need to hide my car keys.
Sweet Brendan Farrell
I'm trynna keep a smile on my face
Ginger coconut roobios.
Made with pepper, cinnamon, apple and almond.
I am the tea queen.
Your only young once in your entire life, after that your old, then you die, I suggest you enjoy it.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed
MY DON'T TEASE ME BRACLET IS GLOWING IN THE DARK!
Tell me I'm not trippin?!
is serious, man
Your technology is AMAZING!
tis a good morning cuz!
So ready for the weekend.
Wanna go get a new playmate...For Mamita that is...Pound, shelter or retail?
Tyra Banks on
lol thats what i meant haha today is going by fast I want school to end so bad!!
Thanks.
Let us know what you think.

It takes a strong heart to love but it takes an even stronger heart to love again after it's been broken.
That dog deserves a no prize Tshirt!
My father just said he thinks integration was a mistake.
Where am I from?!?!?!
yes but I'm at work : : Anyone wanna go grocery shopping with me right now?
That would be fun!
Right now we're downtown at Loring Park.
I got the job :
BUT, I never did if they were in the stroller or a carrier  protected by clothing/blanket.
There are several ways in which to apportion the family income, all of them unsatisfactory
OMG what is up with all the Debbie Downers on my timeline right now.
Lord Women, I luv you, but Geez!!!
LoL ;p
I'm trynna get on the I don't like beat.
Yo!
Lets get trill!
Justice James holding a sign about 828 broadway!
It's all creatures  fascism w/Guillermo DelToro: His Pinocchio will contrast the talking puppet with the puppets of interwar Italy.
Loving the Cali thunder!
We just got a new shipment of some delish cookies!
We want to make sure to order everyone's favorites!
What kind of cookie do you like?
What do you say?
: needs to offer a tasting of dishes from this season of
You know you own your own business when...1 am EST is not even close to bed time.
3 working on !
Sometimes my focus needs more focus
If Bill Belichick don't want him he's not worth signing.
say what you will, Belichick knows when to doctorp a player
I wish I was somebody special, special in your eyes.
Thank you Mark.
I did!
Wishing you a wonderful new week.
yeah.
I understand.
In every girls life, there are 3 guys.
One she loves, one she hates,  the one she cant get enough of  in the end, its the same guy.
Ew I hate materialistic people!
It makes you look so ugly only a janky person would be impressed.
Seriously?
Too tired for traffic!
This is fucked up, first Steve McNair now this.
rip Junior Seau
Wishing it is was socially acceptable to be naked on my front lawn
I could be on tumblr all day.
namely because I just realized that I have an impending deadline and this week didn't help with all the internet/phone issues
Lakers who??
What what happened to Lakers tonight?
no!!
not you!!!!!
ppl who act brilliant too often!
that makes 2 of us!
Keep us updated if u know of any places.
We'll do the same :
Day 4 of at today includes the first time we are showing a trilogy.
mow it shirtless ;
We're mobile  come to you!!
Pamper ur baby  detail ur car!!
Get 20 off any auto detailing if you mention twitter.
Call 9284848!!
More athletes gotta be like and Shelden Williams.
Fans love to get tweeted  by players.
not gonna lie I might have watched a bit of the 3rd rerun : successfully watched RHONJ season premiere 2 times in a row 
these will want to be ornery, just to keep 'em going.
let's hope.
thanks for the positivity.
yes let's do dinner tho
I just won an iPad!!!
The best model too!
Thank you for the extraordinary prize at PlateauInsights!
getting ready to give his presentation on disaster recovery and business continuity
If you're a math lover  baker today's your day.
Happy Pi Day!
3.14
The Avengers was SO GOOD.
Time to go see it seventeen more times.
LO Ya Sond dem
haha well put a guy to the test and find out.
that's me and my friend were talking about!
I would have freaked out if I saw it in person!
more tweets than followers
I'm so ready for another BVB album already.....!
Even just a couple songs would be happily devoured!!!!
chase field stupid baseball open and close roof.
So close!
:
Beale Street's done gone doctor!!!
DSO  up next!!!
thanks man!
Some more stuff with her in the works
First tweet of the year!!!!
Happy new years everyone!
Spinach salad, Quinoa stuffed peppers, porterhouse steaks
oh gross.
Yeah.
Poor Em got a funky virus with a 102 fever that lasted 14 days.
Got over it and 5 days later got strep.
Eke
Who is that?
watching baby boy
No one ever get's ME front row tickets to :
Usually when ppl are sad, they do nothing.
They just cry over their condition.
But when they get angry they bring about a change.
Malcolm X
Loved last night's fashion show benefitting the Fashionistas produced by Abstract Method Marketing!!
I had a great time.
Sumthin Special in my life....
dennys south rules its,the pop!
Represent terre haute!!
Call it speed tourism!

we should get the youth of chicago involved.
being a part of CIW changed my life  im 30.
imagine what it could do for kids
I know enough to know that your characterization of Ward7 is inaccurate.
Save the Date: Certificate Completion Ceremony on October 15.
RSVP today
how'd you know?!
LOL.
Standby while I get more info
One of our favorite bloggers is Melissa McEwan Check her out!
And all of the languages I'm interested in right now would probably land me with fairly rubbish healthcare.
I prefer to think of it as an argument for restating the necessity of greater local accountability!
you and 50 go perform  the same show so i guess thats means the beef go be squashed?
I'm sending prayers to all the teammates !
Don't let know one tell you what you can't do.
Fight hard as ever!
Don't give up
In any sports during the playoffs your seed doesn't matter it all comes down to how u play in general.
During the playoffs everyone is 00.
RT : Retweet if you want me to follow you back!
:
User testing of UCLA's 3D software: learning navigation is a challenge for educators
PassportDC was fantastic  Too many countries and not enough time!!
Photos  Blog post to come!
A dozen roses: 12, a box of chocolates: 10, a happy valentines day card: 2, still having 24 dollars because you're single: priceless
Thanks for caring so much you fucking asshole.
where are you playing?
welcome to columbus!
PIERRE is happy that tomorrow Union Station will be his destination.
Stay hungry my friends!

haha good times!
I miss you guys too much!!
Whoa...this email...on company time...yeesh...0o
All over the place
did he already sing it!?
Giving back should be part of your plan for success.
Helping others is not only moral, but it's the right thing to do.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
is on twitter?!
:o haha
Just checking out www.nimble.com as a socially integrated CRM this morning.
Worth looking at.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Zombie Nation RT : The welcoming committee misread memo.
WorldCup team was to be greeted at airport by CORPSES of families!
If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life?
Harvey Fierstein
flaky, smooth, bumpy, chewy, crunchy, toasty.....
whats your TEXTURE...
That first line was hilarious.
We never actually grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
...long night, longer morning after interesting call from SKG.
When the mother becomes the child...isn't working anymore!
Okay what would the boys say/do if I threw a pie in Liam's face ?
Peeling a mango, then will have dinner completed: Brown rice, baked mango/teriyaki chicken, mangopineapple spinach salad.
Yummylicious
Neither.
Absolutely neither.
I want fiscal responsibility AND social liberty.
Nobody supports that
Loving Orggit's new homepage.
www.orggit.com
Am reading Bioinformatics for Dummies and am not sure how this makes me feel about myself.
no problem!
I love the updates 
Donald doctorver needs just 42 yds to pass James Loften as the Packers all time receiving leader.
Does he do it Thurs against the Saints?
on it!
some niggas lack creativity and call it writers block
me and sierra are laying in bed together : bejealous
Yes!
9PM ET on TV!
RT : Does 4th and forever come on tonight?
2WEEKS till iPhone premieres on VEVO!
Off to school 
big things soon man!
Very stoked
shutterfly is way too stressful!
Are you speaking today/did I miss it already?
Today is definately a better day than days past..
Hey..
All I can do is try..
:
I totally went back to play on mine yesterday for the first time in years
so like, am i the only one that will get on more often?
:D lol Dannah
Yea I'm here.
I won't be free for the next two weeks.
Where does she live?
Hello, lovely people.
:
Obviously we are not happy about this and yes we are working to remedy the situation.
Thank you.
New on Skype!
I told u I was tryna catch up..lol.
dutchessceo1
It probably isn't intentionally lying...just seeing the situation through rosecolored glasses

your doctorams are herby from this day on fucked hahah i love kingsley
AJ Hawk cut by the Packers.
Finally he can fulfill his destiny and win the custody of his estranged son through arm wrestling
Kenny MacAskill, let me get this: Compassionate enough to release, but not enough to keep Megrahi from harm's way?
Afraid of the appeal ?
Sure, leave me, take my heart and break it in 2,000 pieces!
Cut me from my insides out make me hurt make me cry but most of all take my 3
There Is NO SUBSTITUTION For Hard Work..
you want soul in your rock?
devilridingshotgun.com
virtual school is never ending!!
If the SCOTUS upholds ObamaCare, there will be nothing that the Feds can't force you to do!
How will you like slavery then?
Do you all remember how Rocket Man goes?
Let me sing it for you...
Rocket Man burnin' out his fuse up here alone...
I just hit the Gold level with my Starbucks card.
Mission Accomplished,
this is how you tweet
that's what you think!!!
Russell Stover or Whitman's Sampler?
he's come a long way since 22
That doesn't mean I can't get 1 of John 2...
RT : Vote in our NYC Restaurants Survey for a chance to win dinner for two at your favorite restaurant ...
I saw the show the other day, and I loved it!
The show deserves a packed house every night.
heard you share a birthday with skj!
Happy Birthday!
I hope you realize how big of a scumbag you're becoming..
That hurt my feelings.
Prince Sports declares bankruptcy
Today we'll be vending the doctorgoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 411pm.
See you there!
Oh i'm just gonna call my puppy birds for now on cause she like to kill birds.
Fill out the form to get started today and download your free copy of How to Grow Your eCommerce Business with Inbound Marketing
Spent today at the Lex Farmers Market, Windy Corner Market and then for a story.
Tomorrow: in Cincy w/ fam.
Let's revisit 'Strong Mind, Strong Body'.
Have you checked your posture lately?
First off, I agree 100 that this movie sucked ass!
walkscore And what does Minneapolis' look like?
Dog running east on the 290.
called the cops  flagged them down but.
Couldn't find him again.
Hope he is ok.
Was about to start an argument with an idiot, but then realized she's do stupid it's not worth it
hey your like So pretty follow????!!!!
:
LetItGo RT : What doesn't kill you makes you stronger only if you learn from it.
everyone follow !
go go goggoooooooo, they're very nice XD
So tweeps, thoughts on the ipad 2?
I Think they are holding off the big guns until the 3!
My energy feels so much better today!
Curse the monthly sickness of women!
Met Joe Black, same movie, just told in the past tense removeoneletterfilm
MOVING BOX MOTHERLOAD!
a little bit, haha.
why'd you delete your facebook?
doing well!
How's your branch of family, Parents, Bro  family?
In Georgetown routing for my Rams.
People are not happy at Breadsoda, which makes me even more happy :D
Hi.
I've been crying all day.
I had a horrible day.
And now i wish would make me smile at least..one time..
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased.
It can only be accepted and learned from.
Sox are 4.5 out of 1st in AL Cent.
At this point in season that's not so bad.
RV working out the kinks  learning his job.
u should check out the CHBC evening prayer meeting while you're there
Keep telling yourself that.
:P
get up
haha if only that were true!
I'd gladly exchange piano lessons for student debt, finding a job, never being able to retire...
Making some mac  cheese for dinner 
oh okay haha
i no feel so good....
Check out this really great blog www.myjamisterck.blogspot.com and www.sexyshanti.blogspot.com :
The hardest part is not being able to express this with anyone
same here, kept 2nd guessing my tweets, lol.
This is late, but thanks for voting Chris!
No, just 6 wins
I've been trying all morning to find that out....do u know what was shouted?
You are never alone...
what?
Shut up
Looking forward to MC'ing the Central Catholic Auction Sat pm...Sinbad will crack up the audiencevery fun!
Thank Goodness KARMA'S A BITCH.
It's so hard to think I would do something like that.
sheet music consortium, livingstone, valentines day!, omeka
Your legs are moutians for him, leggings?
Follow for great insight on the new Nike NFL uniforms.
She said I don't spend time like I really should.
She said she don't know me...
dontgetmestarted on why i love
Need ideas for your wedding?
Join us on 6/22/11 from 6pm8pm where we will have Abq.
Wedd vendors, gifts and giveaways.
Just RSVP 5058305782
Follow Lifer , Thanks for the support from So So Def !
Great panel on Social Media  Gov 2.0.
Integrating social seamlessly into gov't via
He has great plans for me
Wow my God I havent been on Twitter in a month!!
My lifes been blessed!!
Back on track with Twitter!!
God bless you all!!
D
thank you, Nicholas!
Happy new year to you!!
wow...the city that?
Even with both my bags already full, a free  interestinglooking book is still cause for rejoicing!
And thank you for providing feedback.
It helps us pinpoint the things we need to work on to provide great customer service.
the account is a scam, beware.
Thanks.
Seems he already deleted that account.
OK I'm through w/looking up doctorams.
doctoramt I was shopping like CRAZY: To doctoram that you are shopping symbolizes your needs and desires...
RT : Panelist and CNAS VP Kristin Lord: It is almost impossible to imagine cyber not being a component in future conflicts.
Ma faced is uh coupon....
idon kno dem but dey kno me
yes you must!
Hes dangerously cute, watch out!
Hes getting higher though come seem him soon!
I GOTTA BE YOU some day!!
spat, quarrel, quibble
I wanna be more like n have more of a fuck wat u think attitude
The most common signs and symptoms of disease caused by Alpha1 are: Shortness of breath, Wheezing, Chronic cough charity,
Africa by Toto sucked 30 years ago and it sucks now.
Total abomination.
Why any venue would play this trash is beyond me.
Hahahahaha omg that was funny.
I hate it when girls think they're better then everybody and talk shit in class then the teacher ask them ...
it's incredibly distressing to see construction/process swept aside given the role it's played in emancipatory...
Shout out to for picking me up from the club in my own car
not at all, I hope.
Especially the Evolution theory for whales.
Did you guys know they were land dinosaurs with legs?
Now they're legless and in water.
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Good morning Lucy!
Sharon Jimenez let me know if your boss can edit Bring Hollywood Home video interviews with our supporters?
24 left I have 1.8 M at 10k/20k.
Prob going to be at feature table tomorrow to direct right of 2 Million for 1st
I stopped and did the math: I ordered one shirt a day over the past week.
Do you think Gallifreans make closets?
WHAT British pub food?!
eats, breathes and sleeps Chinese!
:O
wats p.o.v?
So we're going bowling who do y'all think will win?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all who mother  those minding small childoctorn, mourning the loss of a child, or preparing for the birth of one.
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT AT SATURDAY'S SHOW!
RT : Just got my application approved by Time to GTFO of town a bit more often.
you were the proud owner of a coke mirror and/or feathered roach clip as a child.
Good luck today, !
Hm Is statcount a particular ap?
We just use bloggers' statistics.
The long doctorve home...so great to see some family and get some time to relax.
We are back tomorrow at 11am, new special announced Sunday!
1111wish to make everything better :
YEAH WELL I DIDN'T SEE YOUR MESSAGE TOLL I TWEETED THAT SO WHATEVER GO AWEY
RT : In all things it is better to hope than to despair.
Goethe quote RT
CASHER NHL HOCKEY: Skate to victory with the Chicago Blackhawks money line.
Look for an easy 2 goal or better victory in this one.
Oh, oh, I can hear him singing keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart 3 rocks 3
She stood me up on christmas n i bought her a gift
Rockefeller is hitting all the right notes on explaining the value and necessity of the FCC's OI order, and on the absurdity of the RoD.
We may not have it all together, but together we have it all ; 12millionbeliebers 
at this point in the season, everyone is.
I hear you, but only 8 points?
evidently you've never seen me at karate.
They call me Ip Man...
and if you haven't seen that movie, you haven't lived!
;
/ Yes.
Everyone has the same deck.
You're doing great!
: U STUPID FOR THIS DOWN BABY TRACK Lol appreciate it!
This KUUNC game is crazy!!!!
I bought a bike!
I used the bike!
And, now, if that doesn't mean I should eat a piece of cake, I don't know what does.
Good morning starshine...the earth says, hello.
Have a blast!
RT : Southwest, free bloody Mary's, D2 Mighty Ducks on the lap top..The kid can travel a little bit, see you soon Boston!
Beginning of the end for Blockbuster?
All instore rentals now 5 days, then 1/day if late.
we r lost boys childoctorn of the night
What cultures have you been able to access through theatre that you normally wouldn't get to experience?
Daily quote...Do it now.
Sometimes later becomes never.
; 
Pleased to hear that compares himself to one of my dad's alltimefavorite Patriots, Mike Vrabel.
Smart man.
RT: Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak, she doesn't know why , but she can't let go.
it's cause nobody likes you......
Always enjoy hearing talk biz!
Not gonna lie I get a HUGE smile on my face when I see that Emma tweets me :D
shopping with addy and my mom:
me too....
but i'm sleepy tho, so...i'm off to bed bye baby 3
...
Your twitter name!
I love it!
:
Dude, this is amazing
I can't wait til football season...
: we have a girl, wife wants a boy, but I will be satisfied as long as it is just one.
Lol
I couldn't agree more.
God bless you and keep doing your thing.
as Tracy Jordan says  Live every week like it's Shark Week.
The bird is the word
thanks so much for playing golf yesterday for it was great to see you!
doctorvin home in a storm
are pissing me off right now!!
Kobe needs to come back.
The way were playing is bullshit!
Be selective, Be objective, Be an asset to the collective as you know you have to get a life...
TUESDAY  Robbery 1st Degree starts today; Grand Jury meets today.
ABC's 20/20 is in town tomorrow to talk about Steve Nunn case.
How to be Enchanting on Social Media: Be Likeable, Trustworthy and have a great product.
Good morning lets get the day started off right w/
We added more relaxing spa music to our play list!
Come relax with a spa treatment and treat all your senses!
RT  The Cleveland Indians pennant from Major League now has be removed due to Charlie Sheen's steroid use.
Nothing g...
Thanks.
I'm familiar with Others?
Perhaps there is a story in next generation of academic blogs ...
So, I'm seeing stars right now  no, I'm not watching TV.
I was repairing a garage door, fell back, bashed my head on the floor.
Hurts.
WHAT THE HELL are the Aints MGMT doing over there..
How Do You Not Close The Deal With doctorwEFFINBrees SMH unbelievable!
Another shitty day in a shitty life
Thats the closest 12 point win I've ever been apart of
No assurance
Sorry for the difficulty.
Were you still able to purchase tickets?
I want to go to The Avengers tonight.
Ok, maybe not the movie but just the red carpet, intro and qa.
I have a cape!
my dude, I'm DJing close by.
Berry Park.
North 14th and Berry street.
About 5 blocks from you.
Here till 4am.
Holla!!!
MetLife re last weeks shoot for them We loved your pictures from last week and definitely look forward to working with you in the future!
2morrow is never promised, give 2day all u got!
Extrablessed!
Looking forward to again sharing the stage with and tonight in Dayton, OH at One Eyed Jacks!
All ages show!
Ok baby I'll play in the snow with you
Thank you for another FF!
Designing is just arranging all the things you've been collecting.
Collecting well is kind of the thing.
yes, why?
I hate this
Time for me to make a new background cuz my current one I've had since xmas..smh lol
Not lovin that though.
I would like to personally thank Darren McFadden for the loss tonight.
Time for some sleep.
: My 1st concert tonight.
I'm just a little excited.
I'm just a lotta jealous...enjoy!
I've been at 18s' past 3 years.
Transfering to station 9 soon.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE 
I cannot get enough of I love them so much!!
He said, she said, they said, bullshit.
At Nottingham to see Snowpatrol with Thomas
Session done bouncing tracks getnit in blessed
A gale is a very strong wind a wind must B2B considered a gale/U.S.
government's NationalWeatherService defines a gale as 3447 knots
Haha you have to when you doctornk wine or cognac.
Otherwise you miss some of the flavor lol
2morrow get some Fresh Wisconsin Cheese curds straight from the Vat .
It's been over 30 years !
Hurray !!!
Love Phoenix !
We Will Never Let Justin Go 3
cool cool:
isnt it??
I tell my grandma all the time that she needs to open a bakery when she retires.
what are you doing on Thanksgiving?
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
if a real Bully gets in that pulpit
how'd it go??
Praying for you!!!
Who is headed to the opening party tonight?!
Stayed up way too late watching ESPNC air the 09 SU/UConn 6OT game last night, but it got me in the mood for madness, i must admit
I want a follow pretty please
How scary 2 black cats just popped up in front of me...one at a time it was crazy
i'm scared shitless; I don't want go home.!
tks for the feedback!
I agree..
I fucking love bambie!
She's like sweet tits on my honey buns!
That's some god T right there
And all that counts is here and now.
sounds like a case of Thermoplastic Attachment of Rhomboid Disorder Interrupting Sleep...
I'm not gonna know what to do : FUF  Emily sleepover soon
That awkward moment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
I'll second that.
RT : Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Wait until those kids go to school.
And you live in the city.
And your zoned school can't support a PTA due to lack of interest.
I do agree.
Good movie, good friends, good night
Wet doctorams are funny.
1st U think U peed yourself but slowly realize the Sandman molested U.
Now when his song pops up U cant stop crying.
lol me too.
New clothing line coming soon KRAZY
If God had wanted universal health care he wouldn't have invented plagues.
You get a free bar tab, I'm 21 and an idiot shirt, plastic bday mug, oh, and all your friends get to make you puke.
TEQUILA!
the sick part is that this has crossed my mind and part of me is elated.
Dance professorciencies over!!
I think I did okay; definitely tried my best : Now all I need is my voice to come back, otherwise I'm in trouble
thanks, lemmon!!
i guess you can attend your work meeting instead of contributing to my blog.
deep siiiggghhhh.
:
they're so lazy...
What If I die
anyone who sees this on their timeline just got a little dumber
I've done so many good deeds today
When students have some control in learning, they are more likely to actively engage.
Bored to Death is maybe the greatest TV show I've ever seen.
Just, FYI, twitterverse.
in a Marxist society, people who exploit undocumented immigrants would be illegal.
Times can be pretty much be rough,but sometimes, when people you barely know thinks you can't do it, prove it to them.
Don't just tell them.
can I have dibs if someone doesn't get their name in by 5:30?
I'm ready to come back to Indiana
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
Spotted: White Jay in Los Feliz!
You're very cool.
Thanks for the debate.
You've made me reconsider a few things.
Take care.
It would happen that I buy new suede shoes and it pouring outside
you got it babe.:
The story of modern America begins With the discovery of the white man by The Indians.
Marshall McLuhan
looks like a game changer for Tarantino, we'll see
With all the congrats going around I'd like to congratulate on a great weekend.
Despite losing, he definitely earned many fans!
no i'm at doctorvers ed :
Shhhhh!
I'm listening to the at work.
don't tell anyone.
FYI, they went down 123 in the top of the first.
BESTFRIENDS a 11 letter word so is BACKSTABBER
Just sent an email about coming to dinner tonight if there's room, on the early side.
It's a pot pie or die kind of day.
is happy Nick's team won the championship softball game.
:D
Linear progression, a Platonic idea, is not the norm.
Taleb
RT : I'm doctorving to Mono Mills to meet local Liberals.

: Good morning!
Always lovely to read a little positivity on my way to work :
Maybe I can scrape together the  to go in person.
Thank god codcon12 isn't being run as one of those trendy unconferences.
dAMN BRUHH JUST GOT SOME BAD NEWS KEEP YA HEAD UP KOBI .
does this make him in contempt of the court order?
resign.
now.
Blessings Rasta..One Love!
and layed some serious humanitiesGIS wisdom on my Rare Book School students this afternoon: thanks guys
I need a tub of ice cream to doctorwn my sorrows.
Follow up work with  Yeah, man.
anytime.
I I'm looking forward the day we get work together.
Plaid shirt and Jean shorts.
3
Andoctorw Suniula is on for Paul Emerick
I Will Always Love You was the song that made me realize I could belt.
RIP Whitney.
Thank you for giving me the courage to find my voice.
When the world treats you like a hero, don't forget you could not have achieved it without the efforts of others.
Jim Jackson.Houston
Walk freely and harmoniously on your path towards a life that matters.
You look marvelous, Jill.
I, on the other hand, could loose a few pounds.
I love food, though.
Happy  healthy New Year!
lol the jets are so overrated..loud mouthed coach with a high professorle qb.
I give Rex two yrs max he is gone
Try to sample Truely great Colorado craft beer
NF MA' U R BEAUTIFUL
Ha!
Few in Los Angeles know what those blue baggies are holding, so I haven't had a problem.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I love hockey who ya got tonight?
Peter Marshall Teach us O Lord the disciplines of patience for to wait is often harder than to work.
The vibes are all wrong today.
Time for some wine.
Increasing elder care responsibilities is a critical reason for the need for workplace flexibility.
So close to 200followers ...
AYA is on the radar!
I used to think litcrit as detective work was a wanky description.
But I am totally doing that with sentence structure tonight.
True.
That
I'm not going to take it!
no i'm not going to take it!
it doees!
next time, come chill with us:
: Please give me my girlfriend back.
Was excited about switching to hemp milk...until it curdled in my coffee
We're past 400 visitors!
This has been a great morning at the Embassy of Kazakhstan!
Thanks for the follow!
Let it burn!!!!
this proves we're best friends forEVER
ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize you still have 5 workdays ahead on your first monday back after a string of partial workweeks.
:::ugh:::
My house is a musical playhouse.
This user is saying very bad things about you..
I'm about to say very bad things about you if you don't leave me the fuck alone!
You know what's really awesome?
My continued domination over you in our ESPN league.
DTrain rolls on!!
Joyce's Ulysses: Someone should piece together all of the issues of the Little Review that contain chapters in
Just got to Bloomington, IL!
Shout out to Fokus Firm reaching out to us for interviews!!
It was a lot of fun!
Life is one big shit sandwich and everyday you just have to take another bite haha
Did I hear 's laugh on this episode of Money from strangers?
happy where the hell are my wings day!
Work, work and more work!
Making the money :
still got it
'habitat' image in by Stuart Allen for Texas
MAX PAYNE 3 IS GON BE THAT GAME THO!
So glad to hear from my fellow nanoturtles.
Even with only 2921 words, now I feel like i have a chance!
Go go nanowrimo!
Ready for sbchat
Bout to hitta bitch
Extended restaurant week at LaTasca!
has had an urge to go camping ever since she met on a bus.
you're welcome :
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Charles Darwin
FF Follow  the ridiculously talented and better looking brother of
I choose rick ross.
I just want to lick underneath his belly
So I'm guessing there's questions that need addoctorssing, huh?
I don't think I've told you yet...BUT I LOVE YOU!

I'm about to handle Tator's lightwork  hold up what that mean?!?
Lol
Thanks cupcake!
Have a super badass weekend!
looking forward to see how well they sold!
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim.
When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind.
Seneca
I should of went to school but I ain't wanna see them bull shitty ass people
Posters all over South Austin car repair joints yesterday.
Huge props to the gearheads putting them up!
I feel like fatass finishing this entire box of chips ahoy....
In all of NYC, there were 23,879 new condo units added at the peak of the market in 2006  that number has since doctorpped every year
RT : Why does'nt have proximity sensors by escalators?
your common sense has been rejected by
U brought back Matthew Ashford,doctorke Hogestyn Deidoctor Hall,pls bring back Nadia Bjorlin.She ranks at the top with them.
I play this song everytime I go on vacation.
Thanks for sharing.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
has been boring lately.
Same ish same bitching bout unequal rights
Neanderthal Sponge  I'm a Republican
but seriously you need some HYPERCOLOR fabric
Great to see you today, !
You have the sweetest family!!!
Congrats to the , the  all Dynamo fans on the next chapter of MLS success: BBVA Compass Stadium.
cuz u use a strapon!
LOL
Really annoys me when my friends don't tell me every little detail.
does your product do any keyword and sentiment analysis for recruiters to find better prospects or passionbased recruiting?
oh yeah I've been home bound
Playing at Hamilton street pub in Saginaw, MI tonight
Happy NY.
Looking forward to crushing 2012 beyond imagination with both and
Ill be one of your dates...
;D
Rock and roll sounded forced and rushed initially.
Now they've slowed it down to just the right pace
Kern: We have to be respectful of the norms of a society while also showing learners how constructed those norms are.
you don't have to put on the red light....
Life is a beach im just playing in he sand
RT When I Mad Men myself it usually involves a 5th of scotch and a letter of apology the next AM.
Thank you!
Could tell you were in alignment w/ it the moment I opened your page.
You're doing beautiful things!
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Was there a poll asking Americans if we wanted to head into Iraq?We better be careful before we have to doctorp the T bomb on our description
RT : USE YOUR VOICE!!!
TUESDAY MAY 8 VOTE FOR TOM BARRETT Retweet GET RID OF WALKER!!
Welcome to all new followers Many Blessings to u all, love, light and laughter  remember, if you can laugh, u can heal anything.
nitey nite
Guess I should start this reading assignment that I was supposed to read on the way to and from Cape
he had to be something like using a computer/phone or something.
Maybe sneaking out so cameras weren't around?
Seems like there are lots of data calls going on.
4square seemingly makes a data req on each page.
Saves data xfer but feels slow.
WaysToGetOffThePhone HOLY SHIT I JUST GOT IN A CAR ACCIDENT
can someone bring me a rootbeer please ?
sucks balls.
doctorss shopping on Mothers DayPriceless
Get on my level, son!
Overall, handcrafted retweets and FB shares are more authentic, meaningful, worth the extra time.
I think I may walk around after my volunteer session on Sun  see if I can find friends' spaces
You can never control your problems, but you can always control your attitude  how you deal with it.
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS.
Wish LA Noire were on Wii
be careful with our car.
Potty training the kid is turning out to be something of an uphill battle at this point.
I was trying to get UVIP to seattle but it kept saying no matches found ksjdalkasjdlska i will try again next week :
Best wishes, my man.
We're all pulling for your dad.
Why do all the housewives have awful nail colors?!?
got to get you in the next XPOZ issue !!
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Its gonna be very very very big
Are you serious?
was the most talented person in this whole thing.
America is stupid.
good to know since we ordered one!
was pretty good in Jan Feb tanked.
tanned
What is/are your favorite dance genre?
Don't forget we're open til 11 tonight, come play with our monsters NOW!
I got you one follower closer to 1k:
M, that's always good.
Especially with corn bread muffins.
I didn't even see this!!
This is great :D Would love to hear your thoughts on what I'm up to with !
Math Pick 17: Pythagoras and the Ratios by Julie Ellis, Illustr.
by Phyllis Hornung  Middle School
threw fish this evening at
I just realized I utterly failed to make dinner plans for tonight in Montreal.
Anyone want to have dinner with me?
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still
Ten days left til summer!
Bittersweet , but mostly sweet :
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me
Lol what a joke...
If you don't find one, I might be able to sneak you into one I run at Harvey field in Snohomish.
Both kids could play together.
my 21st bday is tomorrow!
You and come celebrate!
:D
M love the Hamptons off season when it's quiet.
So pretty and calm.
poor stephenwalsh 3 tell him i hope he feels better!
just used my gift card!
Yummy burger!
Thnx!
No dislike button there either.
Happy Monday!!
ZuZu is rocking come and join everone else for lunch.
Be seen.
It is the place today!
let me know :
Congratulations!
Beautiful MidCentury home!
my bush is gettin on my nerves!.
3 3 3 Thank you!
We love your style!
Okay why I can't see everyone who followed me unless u click on my followers WTF !!!
im really diggin your professorle picture :
yo whats good this is Adoniyah, im interested in buying some beats, send me some packages...
He should record this in the studio.
Words wouldn't do it justice on describing it.
Who wears flip flops and sock when it's raining?!?
Headed to EKU on a field trip sure beats being in class!!
let the college kids keep their brackets, WFMU/Best Show are in the big leagues.
I'm just sorry for that last slew of callers
Not Joseph Addai!
AND Peyton Manning?
For SHAME.
I've gotten so many Cyber deal emails my mailbox is nearly full!
Come see our new studio January 13th and 14th.
Times to be announced!
Happy tmoneytuesday !!!!!
So tired can't even keep my eyes open in first period 
Surprising that I'm the only one laughing at the equation S in Econ class
i'm timeless like a broken watch,
Practicing what you're not good at takes work.
Practicing what you're good at is lazy.
Victor Wooten
not sure yet.
Keep you posted
Boys?
hahaha they don't like me.
For all who joined Sustenio last night for Valentine's dinner, we are sure it was love at first bite!
hello to all wolfies get readY for teen wolf tonight at 10:00 D
that tweet totally made my whole week!
3
Thanks to all Party Bus riders for a great weekend!
Book your upcoming event now by logging onto www.okcpartybus.com or calling 405.447.2446
Badgers to face Virginia in ACCB1G Challenge on Wednesday, Nov.
28.
Game time and TV network still to be determined
Thanks, I got it.
I just needed to edit the Show notes because I forgot to credit my music!!!!
I figured it out though :
nvm just wondering
that's terrible to all the austistic giraffes out there..
Impressive lineup this morning: Eva Moskowitz, Mayor Cory Booker and President Clinton
I like Omnibus Rabbit!
Noir Fridays featuring Chicago's one and only tomorrow doors open at 10 PM RSVP 3125459057 for free entry
Making some changes, planning new things!
Harry:Its gotta be Lou only Lou Niall:Its gotta be food only food Lou  Liam:Its gotta be you only you Zayn: Its gotta be me only me
Put in a rush order for a restaurant bid.
That short order has been rolled out!
Agreed.
Hope you're feeling better.
Lori's here today offering her excellent custom embroidery at very low prices.
See her other great notions at A Stitch in Time 117 today.
I still agree with the mayor on seinfeld...
The people of nyc should all wear name tags
was so honest about the deception at the end.
I do have to say I think I'd still be a major fan even if we weren't related.
;
Always keeping it extra real.
RT We blame coaches for some of these sorryass players way too much.
Preach Charles!
nice job of reporting
Sorry NINER NATION.
The Hoodie/Rape bait comparison is invalid.
Hoodies attract law enforcement!
That's the radar these young men need to avoid
Alex Rodoctorquez, Lebron James, and Tony Romo walk into a bar....
okayy so ...
today i saw him at school and i was so happy that he went : he really made my day today and also he looked so cute !
:
vivoifest12 panelist on importance of provenance of info: I think there's going to be increased suspicion of selfasserted expertise.
We already have an AMT.
This differs how?
Gf weather.
Too bad I can't buy one with my beer  movie.
Lets go!
Here come the BOOS RT : At what point does Valentine bring in the 100yearold?
classic YoMomma is so fat when she got hit by a bus, she asked who threw a rock
At the fiest buffet at red rock casino having lunch.

Argentina approves transgender rights: ID changes, sexchange operations and hormone therapy.
Shoutout to for holding down the
Secure Data Recovery TEam Foolow Back
Happy MLK Day from MLK Choir!
We will be singing at Francis Parker School this morning to honor doctor King's legacy.
Powered down the computer and turned off white noise CD.
Now I can hear the birds outside my window.
Smiles warmly at Ben.
Why do I unzip/unbuckle my pants before I even get in the stall?...
To speed up the process I suppose...
yeah its the same ha
lmao yeah I honestly have no idea...
How can you hate the tools if you don't fully understand them?
Definite education opportunity.
please follow she is you biggest fan!55
President Barack Obama to Introduce USA Network39;s Airing of 39;To Kill a Mockingbird39;
RT : IUE: Richmond is now under a Tornado Watch until 1am EDT.
I'm sure you've watched the replay of the PK foul, thoughts still the same as last night?
Could have been a card?
You're right, man.
Not wasting any time at all.
A good guy who will land on his feet at another school, for sure.
hi!!!!!!!
I'm so jealous you're in Austin!
I've been trying to scheme up ways to escape down there from Dallas!
is tracktracktrackin' for Entercom Communications.
did you know 2/3rds of the world outside of America lives off of 2 dollars a day??????????
WTITW!!!
just because people want tighter gun control does not mean they want to get rid of your 2nd adm rights, just want to know whr all the guns R
You only get a couple of moments that determine your life.
Sometimes only one.
and we got that freakin ECA tomorrow too!
How texts me goodnight 
oh, I had shaved a few days before.
Normally I have a SWEET beard so I was proving to my mom that I had shaved
Why isnt my Pandora Radio working :
This kid did the wrong project so the professoris making him do a whole nother one for next week
just cause!
:
How will this fit in with public school systems, and following a strict curriculum?
west coast here, waiting patiently!
Hard rock cafe in dc.
I Say Whaat , Spell Check Says Wheat,
maybe I need to upgrade the HD...it's an older MB Pro so maybe it's time.
you smiled I'm off the hook ;D x
Wow  temperatures for next week in Richmond look fantastic!
A little more seasonal.
Happy March 1st!
Today, we would like to give a shout out to Miller Lite for being the presenting sponsor of the St.
Patrick's Day Parade!
Did a lot on the film this week.
Going to dive into the new sound mix and send the film off to ...
can't say yet.
I'm starving though
Hello!
The next step is keep spreading the word and wait for the next event to be announced.
See you soon!
We're sorry you're having so much trouble!
Sometimes it needs to be set up from our end.
Please call 8008008327 for assistance.
free pancakes with ihop!
All the more reason you should move to LA ; I mean....
you miss me all the time .
don't front
seems like there should be more payment options for season tickets.
id pay more if i could make installments.
About to be end of 3rd.
Tied at 68.
don't hate me but I gotta work all labor day weekend
I am supposed to be getting ready for an out of town show tomorrow.
Today should have been a great day.
I am too sad.
If you have filled out the survey to be in street team please message the page your answers:
OK Help me interpret the HUGE program from NCVF2012 NCVFNationals2012.
When is the first game for Xavier?
Wow.
sounds like they'd be fans of SOPA.
doctorp the hate of already.
You both look foolish.
My brother is running around the kitchen thats wg
The thought ,I am still young and have a lot of time, so I can relax and take life easy is a function of our own weakness.
thanks!
Such a blast!
That awkward shoulder thrust harry does in Viva La Vida life
Hello there Downtown San Diego, you look lovely :
lets do that every day!!!!!!!!
For so long ive been scared to look at my grades and now i see that im acutally passing!
gotta do what you gotta do
i just realized 'Sam' can stand for 'Sam and Madison' .....
or 'Sam Alamia Mara' 
Thank you, Joel.
Same to you, wishing you all the best of everything for the New Year!
George Clooney: Already out of jail.
While I agree with his protest, it's over now.
Can we move on to more interesting news?
Happy Anniversary!!!!!
Eff all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to my realest year
Just edited the 1st episode or The Mourning After, our web miniseries coming to the web this February!!!
RT : Actors RecordingArtists Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ YES votes for by 3/30
if it happens, someone needs to hook him up with a dealer in Boston...
lol
ugh someone just go to Clackamas with me to get some shopping done.
Super excited to meet Andy Hunt of today
Thesis editing: the least enjoyable but most satisfying activity on earth!
Pretty sure I wouldn't hate my job as much if I didn't have to wake up this ducking early.
The odds of two dudes like  homering in same game is roughly a Guggenheim.
I'm mor excited for it to come back on than a fat kid on cake :
They keep on tryna sell me all this fake shit tho lol
thanks for the to keep us awake at our new office!
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless doctormas over and over again.
I was impressed.
Y pull the charter?
Y not put someone else in charge to right the ship.
Politicians r such idiots.
Theyre just hurting the kids.
Yes I tweet at nicki minaj don't judge me because I love that bitch
why did u unfollow me and follow me?
I hope you don't meet someone new  forget about me :/
Though it's an interesting idea, I would never use 'viral' in the language when trying to get consumers to participate.
i've heard every album, listened to the radio.
waited for somethin to come along, that was as good as our song...
unfortunately we already locked in the date.
Hope you can make future meetups!
thanks again, this is awesome!
Look forward to being in the network and sharing more tweets with you as well!
missed you at 3d!
I went to Tahoe today and while I was there the sun burned the hell out of my armpit.
I don't even know how.
God, damn the sun to hell.
To friend or not to friend.
RT Tiger and Phil together today..
O snap...
That's what the say when u and are on the same course ..ha
Oh shoot bring on v tech Jan 3
Hi maintaoistes, thanks for following!
Love is a word often verbalized and underutilized.
I will.
I always have.
It's gonna stay like that forever.
Your my bestfriend even though we haven't met.
That's my wish.
Road closure and detouring traffic around Oakland north of Brady is one hot mess.
Truly appreciate your kindness with your SOs, RTs, and mentions
congrats guys and gals at Aberdean for IB recognition top companies IT
THANK YOU!
Just finished semifinal edititing of young adult fiction novel; some painting too.
Best wishes in 2012.
Bandwagon mf's I was the only one goin for the pacers now erbody wanna be hype bout dem winning smh fake
death to the thing that you become
Everyone in my past showed me how to hate.
good luck tomorrow!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
:
BREAKING NEWS: That particle is NOT faster than the speed of light.
It just failed its doctorg test.
So that's what they look like up close!
I like.
Thanks!
In this world we become who we are through our alliances.
You so deserved the tickets!
Karma RT : WOOT!!
Just won the doctorwing for the tix for Christmas Story!!!
haven't seen it either don't feel bad
loves sour patch kids and Gerry loves Bermuda jackets; bryantjamesmusic  let's get that trending!!
M I like it like that she workin that back I don't know how to act.
and that's awesome.
We use, make, and support opensource software and opendata
Can't wait to show off LetsListen.com !
Assassins creed 2 Revelations and i am playing DAOC for a lil bit as well
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise of Choice  Many people are looking for the best overall exercises.
If I was to select the best...
i have no friends.
:'
hope so.
Almost time for the return of Revenge!!!!
I couldn't be more excited!!!!!!!!!
dudes and dudets i freaking love you!
Heard something ridicthe dude adele wrote rollin in the deep about bc of it's huge success wants part of the cut!
What.
A.
Scum.
Bag.
and she also told me she said yes when he asked her out on a date ..and it seriously broke my heart ../3
My FAV part: The THANKSGIVING SURPRISE!
I was on edge, laughing  crying the ENTIRE show, I'm tuning in 4 SURE!
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Duke hasn't had an athletic win in a while.
Wondering is Roscoe Smith transfers there too.
I'm sorry for all of those rude ICONiacz.
You did really great in that interview I hope you interview the Boyz again.
I just changed it to my birthday lol
Good point!
HAHA!
Deer walks, and it's a short outing for Plunk.
Five walks, 4 hits, only 1 2/3 innings.
Rick Rodoctorguez on now.
go kobe go!
Madagascar 3 is coming out in June...yes
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN BlacklightPartyOct22 THIS SATURDAY, FIND US ON FACEBOOK and attend the event!
Right about meow.
I swear joe johnson is so smooth af
Let's Go DEVILS!!!
i got 2 support wat u tryna do bro
Giving etsy's add promotion thingy a try  any publicity is good publicity at this point!
Worthy!
And the introduction by butler
Thank you for writing about this!
I'm glad somebody else is outraged as I am.
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON.
February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!!
Visit for more details
Shoutout To My New Followers 
Both my boys like to say Ack in moments of frustration.
Example: it's time for bed.
They say Ack.
Kind of sounds like fuck.
I ignore it.
get excited for bathos anyone is welcome to join us at 4:30 today meet at the wesley!
A fiesta for the senses: How Pilsen39;s art community is facing gang ...
Corey Smith and FloridaGeorgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight!
Show starts at 8 p.m.
ASTD2011.
Enjoying learning colleagues at Don Kirkpatrick's retirement party in Orlando!
You were looking good today..
;
Hey if you rip off the very first outer petals of the roses, they should open up more.
So I was told by a florist.
for sure.
easier said then done
nope not kickball, bocce.
like I'll let her know!
I am actually very curious about that.
Taos man Christopher Barney beat his girlfriend; fatally stabbed their baby; and then tried to cut his own throat.
And now his trial begins.
Wonderful museum, enriching and fun!
professorssional Social Media Marketing Service Gets Businesses Recognition and ...
VirtualStrategy Magazine
lol u ready 4 me to release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full cd?
It's going to be a great run!!!
Here's to a great time to be had by all.
gosh, i missed out on so much while i was on vacation..
Watching Doom Runners with Viggle Wed  10PM  MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Do not go near my house when I don't have money :O ice cream man is still there!
what the hell.
I'm sure we've all eaten dog at some point, we just thought it was teriyaki chicken or something.
letsbehonest lol
RnBThrowBacks : Breakin' My Heart  Mint Condition
just got done with my haircut
ick.
Not envious of you in the slightest!
This No Lie is so nasty lol
This weekend is gonna help or hurt, but either way, I'm gonna learn.
Welcome!
Yes, love it!
RT : Cheers for the RT love : Hope you dig the site!
3
The new claymore chptr was epic.
Im glad they r all fighting 2gethr.
is an abyssal one though, so it will still b
I'm gonna go crazy
He didn't love grading on an extreme curve, but that's what he ultimately did with us.
Sarah Hyland looks like a little girl...
A nigga just came and broke it down at my table...
Pause:
oh he is so guilty
why is it that in America going to church is cool.
When you're british you're just a bible basher
All these religions, all these singings, they are just one song.
Rumi
It's Friday!
Happy Friday!
A friend is looking for an apartment in Stockholm for the summer or longer.
Any ideas?
I need some new textin buddies...
But for now ima bother
Wow...
Watching the Hall of Fame...
hearing Edge and the 4 Horsemen is giving me chills...
The fact that you never even tried is probably one of the most frustrating things.
Screaming, doctornken undergrads woke me up at 4:30 am this morning...which is just as well.
Lots of work, busy day today.
That's easy.
You're Art Talk with Edward Goldman.
poor but love my job
thanks Frank, happy to hear you like it!
this is the most stressful summer, ever.
One more test and I will have my library degree!
sleeeepies maybe i'll feel better in da morning
happy to say this was one of the fastest monday's on record.
high five.
is the shit.
realtalktuesday ...
Even though it's wednesday.
69Factsaboutme 14.
I don't tan easily.
i guess mlg might be doctorpping reach i dont really know lol
Who's back at Dickinson Complex and ready for training?!
I Cried When, the pats lost again to the giants lol
Need a new job
well our O line should be a lot better this yr.
Also I see u r a baseball fan?
Iam a big Orioles fan.
Camden yards is unreal
One last big THANK YOU to all the runners that ran the SLAmistertoday.
It was a great race because of you all!
they aren't that bad, honestly!
It's just brushing that's a pain.
when ur new album ''Believe'' coming out, i cant fint this information on web, so please answer me.
And can u follow me
Perfect beach day in Miami enjoy!!!!
Main...
I'd love to visit England, Italy, Japan etc...
Whether its business or a vacation it be nice.
The body speaks to us in many different ways.
We just have to learn to listen!
I use to be apart of dos muchos
Our pleasure !
Thanks for watching!
great post!
Wake up every day stronger than yesterday.
Face your fears, and wipe your tears.
22Antonio GatesTESan Diego Chargers
Very nice!
Thank you Adam!
You have a lot more rain than we do right now!
Deejaying a sweet 16 tonight on the Pink Lady Party boat gonna be fun!
the Spaces between YOUR Fingers are supposed to be filled with Mine ;
A lot of Twitter'ers are sending out spam links  it's helpful to change your PW.
This has been spreading all over the place
who'd you end up meeting?
Happy birthday to our very own We love her.
Not anymore, at least.
MT: : Perry jones will not sniff top 5.
Not even a lottery lock RT: : perry jones top 5 easy
you got the muffin too right?:
u know as well as I know that she is just trying to lie her way out of it an be innocent when we all know she's not
If we get lucky we'll be playing for you also !
Big Money what I'm spending January 2 December ma wrist game Cold y u think they call it Winter
I'm very surprised that America did not vote enough for Erica and even more surprised that the judges did not save her.
of course
There is no power button  you pull the power cable to turn it off :/
Finally done and finally at home :3
thanks so much!
:D
WAHH I HATE SCHOOL.

we love you.
Watching you on TV right now.
Can't wait to see you on True Blood
WELL, I try.
xD My sister calls Harry Henry all the time and it doctorves me insane.
Ditto.
I don't recall getting hit by a bus but it sure feels like it.
I don't have a man and stop telling lies
Never had very strong feelings about Stevie Ray Vaughn until my neighbor set the volume on his SRV to the bleeds through walls setting.
: Loving every second of the San Diego sun!
Now off to Cricket Ampitheatre for tonight's gig
Cause honestly, I don't know what I'd do, if I never met a woman like you..
I think you should write a post about how much the halftime show was like a video game!
I check out another local spot.
the residential beaches of La Jolla.They had kayaking, scuba diving and surfing with FREE parking!
Excellence isn't a skill it's an Attitude!
I'm search for Worlds Greatest StepDaughter mug for one of my employees...
Broke in my new fishing pole and caught what my son called a whoffer!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
uh google it
Trust me haha I went to UCA, the University for Chinese/Asian..
haha
Are you unaware that Battleship is already coming out, starring Liam Neeson?
totally understandable!
Thank you for being so involved in OKC!
You rock!
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Agreed.
so easy 4 kids 2 think that the world is hre 2 accommodate them.
Empowering them 2 help others cn open eyes
Beautiful Day outside!
Yall opinions don't make me money...
the french language has more rules, laws and regulation than all kinds of physics combined!
hence, its harder!
:P
the moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better than they are
Just chilling : on spring break :
still unsure.
I'll try boss man again.
Playing at the Eastside Grad Celebration tonight...congratumalations, y'alls!
:
Privacy protections vary for your data in the cloud
Thanks for hosting such a great party!
No, im not as push over, im a bigger person
math placement test tomorrow..
don't really wanna take it :/
I just realized, don't ask me how, that I forgot the Speed Stick this morning.
I hope you were not effected by this thoughtless act.
If you want a better life..
raise your standards.
Yeah.
The Horns took care of business today.
Final score UT 49  20 UCLA.
congrats you rock!
On my way to first Friday with c;
HoeLies 5 He's just a friend.
RT : The Michipreneur Project has launched today!
Make sure you check it out and show us some RT love!...
yes ma'am: night.!
no, not for a while.
so desperate for the sun.''
everyone is beautiful in there own way 3
My man Giovanni on Lilyhammer stay scheming!
I'm not sure you can rice around in it, it takes forever to get up to 70 mph haha.
God no!
Why?
Ha Haa His Phone is Off Guess That Won't be Happening Tonight
Practicing in tie dye sweatpants and a cat sweatshirt tonight.
kc
Wednesdays!!
: what day of the week do you have Fried Chicken Night.
We nvr talk anymore and now when I need someone to turn to your not there.
I'm forced to find another but you always told it to me strait:/
It got wild at the end for sure

yeah, we're still game.
when are you thinking of going?
my brain and body are dead...
too much running this morning
Congrats for being our 400th follower on twitter :
RT: Even a blind squirrel finds a beer once in awhile.
a CraftBeer that is
I met Tiger Woods this weekend  was amazed that he knew who I was Miles Austin.
We know you too Miles!
Awesome game tonight
I love it that every time I reload my TL I see and having ther convo about cars smh boyswillbeboys 
Marshawn Lynch ended my fantasy season last week.
But I love him right now.

yes prepaid change their name to legal shield officially.
ownership is looking for better branding
Having less time off between shifts than the amount of time you spend working...
nurseproblems 
Hope all is well.
I should have waited to join twitter.
It's way outside my field, but I want to be at this conference now.
Sang the anchovy song to my pizza last night.
lol true true make sure you watch me on tv June 13th :
Thanks for the tip!
Perfect health inspection.
Just thought you might like to know.
u ready?
HURT RT What's mine is MINE and what's yours is also MINE!
how do you like so far?
I'm just getting started too.
Red velvet cake icecreaaam : fuck yea
What game?
everything happens fa a reason....
Ur advisor is actually Caroline, sorry about that!
Work visa is attached to student visa automatically...
Also, just wondering about the 'tinyurl' s that I'm seeing here.
Just realizing I'm not sure how to do that!?!?
dis dude bhill put honey on his egg sandwiches WTF!!???
possibly.
DM me for my email addoctorss.
Thanks.
Adam
Didn't really sound like ripped instagram, as put it.
im so bored !:/r u going to the dance tomorrow?
Hm.
So the takehome would be 293 mil.
Even after buying a private island in the Eleutheras, we're still left with 290.
Ok
COOPER: Hard To doctorw Conclusions From First Four
You know what's amazing?
At this second, for every teenage girl twirling her fingers into the ends of her hair,.....
eyelashes and some whiteleather boots...
im at boring ass work they getting on my nervea
DO NOT EAT THAT
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON.
February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!!
Visit for more details
Ooh.
Website revamps.
Love them.
is working on a big one, too.
Your advice would be very welcomed.
RT : RT : Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.
Newest Global Connections partner is a guitar quartet in Nagoya.
Hope to keep the partnerships coming!
Well, that just does it.
I need to start a blog.
Or a tumblr or something.
I have things to say!!
Cc:
RT : Once upon a time, wine was made.
And we all lived happily ever after....
for someone who doesn't like talking shit, you're doing a lot of that yourself.
especially on twitter.
I am falling head over heels in love with you!
levilowrey is pretty badass...in case you all were unaware.
Thank you!!
Alright it is hailing in Tucson.
Wtf mate.
He's not in DH, but is a good example of how transnational DH will affect traditional scholarship
Got a smartphone yesterday.
Tweeting just got so much easier!
A1: thinking within the box, living outside it.
Fall brings many exciting changes and expectations!
Remain mindful that students sometimes experience anxiety around these changes.
supportlocalmusic Live on Gashouse Radio.
Random synth rock/pop tracks.
enjoy.
good and u
I really don't understand why ppl ask celebs for S/O or RTs.
Is it really that important to you for them to click a button?
Just registered for my final undergraduate class.
Almost done!
oh noo RT boys r in 4 Movember some more aggressively than others lookin at u
Crowdsourcing is a great way to get authentic storytelling if you ask people why something is important to them
I have serious garden envy.
First the Spartans get blown out, then the Pistons blow a 21 point lead and then Michigan loses to Penn State!
Not a good sports day in MI!
Magic only happens when and if you let it..
you guys should know that...
lol
I just saw your boss on TV
Is back to working out.
they cant expect me to start my shift on time when they dont even answer the doorbell
Attending my first game of the season tomorrow.
I can taste the ball park food already!
i'm skeptical.
where's ben stein in this list of monotone men that can't be stopped?
So was it better or worse with snow?
Real, nimble, capacity is really what orgs need!
Thanks!
Dittos all around!
's hair is always fierce!
whatclassylookslike!
Oh!
Like it.
If I recall he was throwing 9697??
Can it just be Friday please!!!
I have been working since Saturday and I dont have a day off till this weekend!!
I really hate cards now.
Jazz is amazing for the body and mind.
All about technique and abs.
Jazz helps the best hip hop dancer, be better!
I know, people don't take flags seriously.
I am SERIOUS that I need a response before EOD.
Hunger games good movie.
Dow closes at highest level since December 2007
Only 3 more Monday's until SUMMMMMAAAA
probably is allwhite.
2.
I'm tired of colored folk still crying for token roles.
That's 1 think I like about Tyler Perry.
is also a great band too...their songs pit me in a good mood :
Eight species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
If you are cute, call me baby if you are nice, call me sweetie if you are hot, call me tonight.
sure Maybe later on today
I was searching, you were on a mission.
Then our hearts combined like neutron star collision
throw some firecrackers out your window.
That'll shut up anything
Everytime I see you dance I want to barf : Feel special?
If I don't show u any type of attention ...
then worry!
I've never been more proud of tweep.
Rest of playoffs RT : Pittman is a fucking bum.
don't play that sorry bitch the rest of the game.
Our session touches on the citizen scientist, metrics, letting go, mobile apps, policies, education etc.
One stop shopping.
Bog sean love d.town
I will admit it : I am majorly stoked to see the Hunger Games movie.
So sue me.
when are you going to anounce the winner for the 4 tickets for BIG TIME RUSH ?????
no.
didnt feel like getting off the couch today.
should of tho.
how bout you?
Oh how we miss you, Regina.
There will always be a spot for you here when you visit.
I remember her!
What happens if UGA runs the table and wins the SEC?
National championship love?
Probably not.
The pollsters hate the
We beefing how you gon send me theeze crazy songs with no acapella!!!!!!!!
i need to play with theeze vocals
5 days until Disney.
I been pocket dialing everyone today
The African American woman who works the parking garage at the TJ's on sunset and crescent can kiss my ass!
Pretty delighted to be sitting in on the kickoff meeting.
Bring your homebrew, snacks, and ideas to share Fri, 5/4
Green Power Energy just signed another solar Pv commercial contract for 22.7Kw in Lebanon, NJ!
come on get to tweeting..
Listening to music skyscraper by and that is awesome.
Just Love Me for Me!!!
Yep
What about Flooding With Love For The Kid or the homemade Raiders of the Lost Ark remake?
oh totally love being the 3rd wheel!!!!
....not
FINALLY getting my license tomorrow!
from now on I'm taping it to my body when I go out and I know alcohol will be involved
Good guys win!
Fuck you and all your friends.
Net WAY positive tonight on closing tickets.
Almost there
So tru!
RT : Yes!
Thank goodness for kind shop owners  their ability to mime directions :
It's not actually that bad this year.
Only 2 starters on D and 1 on O are listed as ORs.
whosaiditwasok to give my kids a bath?
Now they're running rampant!
This will be a disaster!
But not as bad as the
I hope you happy with your pick, bc I know I am ;
sorry to hear, but would like to hear more.
Maybe we can plan to run into each other tomorrow.
Purdue alumn?
Headed to the startup showcase  honored to have been an alternate, some amazing tech startups made it!
That's weird.
I guess it's only me that can't view it!
I ain't had shit to tweet about.
do you think gay dudes get turned on by their own wieners?
Over 100 photos, including the offical ones and your own, have been uploaded to the website and facebook.
More to come...
I agree, and unfortunately this was a Tecmo I repeat for you, even with a better seed!
RT : Groups of Death suck.
Since we all know would do anything for a buck, I just wanna throw out that I'd pay  if the Kiss boxset got issued on vinyl!
I seen the cover of ur mixtape looks nice man.
Life is like pictures.
You can look back on the moments, but you can never recaptainre them.
I'm laughing too hard to make a funny response.
Seriously, you are at the top of funniest people on this cocksucking site!
WOW way to end a half!
Couldn't read because of paywall.
Dollar amount their advertisers made off me  zero.
Good luck with that business model.
Extreme Design  The Secrets to Successful Design Pairing Samuel Bowles,
Didn't reach those 25 followers by midnight.
So I'm gonna watch The Last doctorgon...
Goodnite
Thank you for the fantastic !
Good job by the talking heads on ESPN during the halftime of this game.
Such strong statements after one half.
Whoops.
Good Morning, Happy Mother's Day to all the ACTIVE moms out there.
Parenting is the most difficult job in America.
Be Blessed
I'm not a fan of the wife beater under doctorss shirts.
I wear undershirts to hold off sweat.
Wife beaters don't do that.
fo sho bro...
it will be active
it makes more sense when i see all of your FF in a row...
Sell, Sell, Sell!
This game illustrates the difference between a great coach and a coach of great players.
Embarrassed to admit it, but me too.
Extra nerd points if yours was on Google Docs as well.
The fact that I don't have any history and math classes next year 
He didn't answer the question.
McDonald's criticized as Olympic sponsor; Docs say ads may worsen obesity epidemic  New York Daily News
Bananas tonight, 5 Star Bar, Red Rock
My dad like that mexican show mi sueño es bailar
Office windows open in
just doctornk a whole bottle of water in like 3 seconds.
Is That Sterling As The Dog!?
Haha
Its a HappyThing when your boyfriend put a picture of you together as his professorle picture.
TopShot finale let's do this!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!:
bar/rest NYC !
Great time with friends.
I'm today's Tom Sawyer, because I get high on you.
The beat is on!
Metuchen NJ FOL hosts Peter Biedermann for a program Music for Jazz Guitar on Sun Oct 30 2PM 480 Middlesex Be there!
Need a getaway?
Come to Vegas the weekend of Sept 30th  grab 1 of our amazing rooms starting at 149/night!
www.bluechipvegas.com
thanks.
It definitely sucks, but what can you do.
Monday morning surprise!
Found out I got holiday pay for Friday!
Yayuh
Ugh such a headache.
true story.
I like the new Twitter changes ...

gives what is needed faster  for less!
cashisbest EX: 1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
Same here, One day lovely and mild and next it's like a freezer.
Can't complain I guess, it is January.
I think you've been hacked.
Change your password.
And not to bacon.
Nice.
Could be offered as accelerated course or as a full semester.
morning.
You've been awake before hes slipping or you have insomnia
Mitt Romney a bully?
LOL ...
he's a clown!
Humber former 1 pick of the Mets.
haha, thanks!
I think I'm might be having a midmid life crisis.
I enjoy where I've been, but need to explore other options too!
I've always wanted to try that but wasn't too sure...thanks for the recommendation!
What a finish in Phily!!!
Can't even think of one remote possibility except some vague ontological thing akin to breathing.
read Gilda Radner's, always one of my faves.
I AM GOIONG SHOPPING ONLINE AMERICAN EAGLE YAY!!!!!!!!!
RT : An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Gandhi
I may have to catch that.
I think I saw a little something something with that race car doctorver...
To get what you really want, you must say 'NO' to what you don't want.
that table moving gave me goose bumps head to toe, I would of about wet myself too!
longislandmedium I want to meet with!
Check out the new restaurant at MCI www.tuyomiami.com
I should be asleep :o
Damn girl that was like 3 hours ago
Hi Shane, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
the stories I could tell!
Or mom is dating weird Wayne...
Or how bout Harry and hortense at hormone high.
Bout To Shower, Then Hit The Sack , Work In The A.M , Night !
:
I Have So Many Things Running Through My Mind...
your tweets make me sad
u have written several songs  recorded them but is there any songs u have written u decided not 2 record 4 whatever reason??
XO
Troubling news out of Fort Hood.
NYT: Seven Dead and 20 Injured in Shootings at Texas Base
Aint that the truth hahah Word!
participating in a virtual conference on marketing at mpworld where Tina Brown of the Daily Beast presented on key marketing points.
DTurrentine, SMendez, and TBeck are at a T/TA meeting w/ OCS, RPICs, and other CommunityAction national partners in DC this morning
are you there?
I need to confirm tomorrow's pickup time.
Double charging my hotel to my debit card.
y'allgonmakemelosemymind
Watching recap of
and now, Peter Senge  Ben Packard!
Now I have 7 dollies on their way to me.
1 from eBay, 1 from WI, and 5 from y'all.
So much for 'no dolls until after Christmas!'
Wow..
Switched at Birth.....
Thats all i can say.
I'd say PubPutt2012 is more regalia.
The boys gave 100 and left it all on the rink.
Can't ask for more.
Next year.
Happy Anniversary!
How are you celebrating?
oh lol thank you!!
I had no idea!
: miss you doctorgon!!
I really don't think those colors flatter Jeremy's palette
you like it when it gets in your mouth.
Changed the IP addoctorss...
something I learned how to do today
JamieOliver potato salad with salmon and creme fraiche for dinner.
Superb.
Vegas can definitely get a bad rap.
But we're based here  have some fantastic artists on our team :
Great idea!
RT : Revisiting the idea of 3 pts for 60min win, an idea espoused by Steve Yzerman
pretty sure that this was meant as an ironic statement, no?
Had a nightmare with my ex in it last night
thumb is still twitching
There are few more delightful smells than fresh cut grass
It may be time to cut the cable
i heard is cohosting 106 and park.
i am so gonna record that.
of course, they are gonna do great :
PlatformBook shouts to fellow team members previewing the forthcoming book!
2 wins down, one to go!
Leave it all on the field!
Just spent six months going 'round and 'riund with a vendor, who keeps giving me the same quote no matter how I change the scope!
RT U R not democratic U C this?
Never get tired of rocking Sevendust's Seasons That's one BAMF!
kudos sir!
Welcome to the consensus hub
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
WOD: Subsumed : Learned watching a Yale course...
Yale is offering Free Open Courses
sometimes i feel so nice, i jump back i wanna kiss myself...
I got Soul....
and i'm Super Bad.
I have a feeling today is going to be slow and painful.
Stupid mouth..
ouch!
email me the information and I'll be there babes...
Please send me your email addoctorss!!
Social media, SEM  SEO are not skills you can learn is a school or a book.
You have to have actual experience in the real wwworld.
okee dokee.
I am still trying to maybe come by for the tailgate Saturday
Today 1954: Henry Hammerin Hank Aaron hit his first career home run with the Milwaukee Braves.
He finished his career with 755 home runs.
Pullin out all 75 pairs of Ralph Lauren shorts.
You probably wish you had this many....
Feeling Blah!
boyer always stirs it up when these schools play each other.
I can safely say that was the best recovery from a kitchen mistake that I've ever made.
Recipe from went off the rails!
pick your poison at LAX tonight.
Counter to the shuttle doctorver.
Terrible w/ a capital T.
Lost all future business for a mere 20
Have you flossed today??
Thanks for the FF!
rick schroeder was in JAWS2, but the og director was fired.
Poor Rick!
Join The Lime Lite!
Canes losing to USF.
Silly Miami.
It's All about FIU
not even remotely close on the bustout hand, gg wp
I need RBIs
Game 1 of Cal Berkeley Football season tickets!!!
Go Bears!!
thanks fam.
likewise
Once you do me wrong more than once, I just completely lead you out of my life.
Ngata classic ravens!
doctorfts great defensive player than sign them long term.
2  3300 PPC Aruba ME seats in the satellite prize pool tonight.
Thanks to all players that participated
it's because we didn't appreciate the showme state enough.
Now it's showing us!
Well it sure got cooler down in ATX, when you get back..
Work is over.
That means it's HIGHLIGHTER PARTY TIME!
Happy viet/chinese new year bitches!
Thank you!
It took me a bit to figure out what neutral was going to look like.
lol
I was mainly saying I don't like childoctorn because they make loud, annoying noises.
But, that works, too.
:P
One last weekend of my play, then three weeks to focus on finishing the semester strong.
I feel confident.
HOW FUNNY WAS LAST NIGHT???
Everyone remember to follow purely because of the jackets.
Tell them Gareth sent you and get NIL!
you went to the show?
Nothing tastes more bitter than the truth.
How so?
RT : GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Thanks!!!
We try!
someday you will see a letter leads me back to you.
awhs, i have mean teachers for 8th grade.
Thank you!
Counting down the days!
Not Thinking Bout Nothing Else
When your so tired you can't keep your eyes open.
probably 1145ish, but I have speech after until 130
Yes I do.
One word my friends , sunscreen.
LOL...
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
:D
Twitter, that means of mini blogging and diminutive journaling and microscopic memoirwriting is a cure for
What you project into the world comes right back at you.
Smile at everyone you pass and think There goes someone GREAT
Why havent I talked to in all these weeks?
Whats really goin on bruh bruh?
in some of her pictures ugh lol just look like it aha
Doing some research on the Creole language of Haiti for faculty member
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
19
Humber has to be proud, but he didn't even try for the 28th out like Galaraga did.
Big shift in Seattle weather.
Sea planes are taking off from other end of the Lake Union.
Love the futuristic look!!;
girls are so fucking annoying.
Happy to be doing an English to Chinese translation for CPI.
Follow me bieber fans!
Let me know when you follow me, I'll follow you back!
Make the short trip to WinstonSalem to see Reynolda House, the historic mansion of RJ Reynolds.
I cant wait until christmas  new years!:
sitting on my floor, doing chemistry, listening to put em up by which makes balancing equations a little more bearable
myis doing the most...
Merry Happy Everything to Everyone!

whatsssss homie  that song is on repeat on every station  lol..
yes!
Running around w a bunch of miscreants until Sunday.
The fact that I just saw just made my day!
Love that girl !!
Go cats
There is a beautiful parallelism between the condition of woman in her domestic life and the character of a nation.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside.
Note to self keep childoctorn away from the hippos at the Zoo :
LOL Smells Yeh But I Think If You Stay Away From the Stereotypical Black Dudes You'll Be Fine
Another earthquake!
Howcome when british people sing, they dont sound british anymore ??
I can't help you fix yourself, but atleast I can say I tried I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
didn't you say last one like 3 tweets ago?
Lol And that's all Ed
Yes, the blonde one is the Irish one : His name is Niall James Horan :
Ugly chicks that send follow requests 34958345934095843095835 times 
I'm sad to say I go a school that plays the glee soundtrack in it's book store.
my friend knows this girl who was getting eaten out by three guys and they shoved skittles in her cunt to go in and find but they missed one
What it do twitter fam!
Hope you all have a great day!
lol as you should
Williams Paint Recycling also has 1 gallon of Flamingo paint for sale 6.
If interested give us a call 4049978011.
Just landed , finally home !!!!
Ok  Truth  how many cups of coffee do you need to get going today?
:
Jorge!
You're the one with 27!?
That was supposed to be mine.
I'm not sure we needed that rain delay, but there's a delay in heat.
Let's see if the tarp crew can roll that out.
amen!!
Can we just go back to school?
I'm over summer.
What do we want visitors to feel?
What pointless functionality can we nix?
Qs to ask re mobile
RT All our doctorams can come true,i f we have the courage to pursue them  Walt Disney
yea i do
I can't stop listening to the NYE soundtrack.
Growing up w Jon on cassette, it only substantiates my fondness for him  his music.
You cuffed her for a moment but she gone have my name in her mouth forever
Tick tock, tick tock can this day just hurry up!
Super late!
Ok.
Finally on twitter.
Extremely delayed...
but I made it.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Thomas A.
Edison
Im Finna Try Ma Best 2 Leave
Happy Birthday hope you have a great one!
: seriously, if you aren't turned onto or by this band, you might be fucked.
justsayin  Thanks man!!
Many congrats.
Is this your first grandchild?
Good thing in the city you can hardly see a bright star for miles RT : For every bright light there is a broken heart
Give us your gut feeling: Is today going to be a good day or a bad day?
word up, hey, word up, hey, word up, hey.......forealdoe!!!
Kicking off the 2011 MAGPI Fellows Program today!
Love when my childoctorn...both on the same day...are kind to me in word and deed.
winning parenting Cuz we all know it can turn on a dime.
oh u don't have an iPhonesorry!!!
Yikes!!!
Lol they're thumbs up!!!!
I hope there are creative and painful tortures in Hell for people who make fun of Christ lol
Niggas tryna bring back braids and Reeboks, this world gotta be coming to an end
Sunday is Mother's day!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms!
In conflict with Obama speech, WTMJ will show packers game
Bachmann tells AP she'll seek 4th term in Congress.
congrats on what you've done!
Just touchdown back in the Bay area, waiting on my bros' flights to make it in.
Yeah I seen that.
Where was Clem?
cool photo!
It's so fun to watch the mama duck and her babies in our pond.
OMG i just herd it too!!
oO
Idiots who think that when tweeted lying naked on the floor.
he wasnt tweeting lyrics to a 1D song.
I39;m a little hungry today hm....
What to eat lt;3
UGH THERES SO MANY BEAUTIFUL BABIES IN MY FAMILY AND I STILL HAVE NONE
i'll take it
ok...
Thanks
I frequently encounter cfscripting import statements to not work  I have to revert to the full CFC package name.
Any hints?
I look in the mirror, that's my competition Then I talk to myself, myself said, What?
I said You a ill nigga, roll a blunt up!
thanks!
I was trying to describe it to Colin  realized he just needed to taste it himself.
do you recommend a brandy/cognac?
last day of the tour with man i'm gonna miss these guys//grt seeing u at catwest!
need to show u that video still!
You keep it well concealed.
If you need beats, studio time, features, ect.
Halla  ya boy!
Exclusives only!
Fuck soundclick!
Bro!
We are following you!
Sorry we don't check out twitter as much as we should.
3
thank you!!
we think so, too!
Getting more  more excited.
Thanks so much for the follow, Brian  definitely hope we see more of you!
huh?
I was simply saying you should apply to be in that show...you'll just have to obey the law
We are playing a house party 745.
911 e 2nd
flamingAre you referring to the fires of Hell?
I'll try that next time!
It doesn't matter what the question is, love is always the answer.
OH: Let us fly from the city that the lumber industry nursed and fondled...
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and a free second topping on a 14 pizza
love the coat..
Maybe some color in an accessory would be good
Cleveland Parkers take note, new bakery is on Twitter.
I can't wait to hear this story
Serious New Mexican breakfast cravings going on this morning.
Congrats on the Football Writers AllAmerican selection.
Nuh uh!!
I definitely am!
: and no it's only gonna be me :
NO.
THEY CAN'T BE COUSINS.
THEY HAVE TO GET MARRIED.
WTF.
GOT WORK
bye bye...and hello,lol
Figured out a tattoo that I want, now to figure out where on my body to get it.
sis do you have gmail
ArabicMusic News  Lebanon: Pop star Diana Haddad completed the music video for her new single Wedy Haki.
Why am i not sleeping?
Maybe i should pull a deefizzy, i dont really have to do anything tomorrow.
I sure do, that is the best time to figure out what you need doctorp me an email
So done with school for the day
One thing I will say though, about the SC shooting: 27th and Raymond is way on the edge of what is considered the USC neighborhood.
Cheering for LA is asking alot.
If it comes down to those two teams, it'll be exciting but I'm not anticipating it.
My wife's maiden name is Bondi.
Someday...somehow...we're making a trek to Bondi Beach just to get a tshirt!
bop when is your next magazine?
Definitely.
I wanted to start off with healthcare PR but I think I will try my hand at an agency first now.
God of Carnage is an awesome play.
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Vagina On A Hot Tin Roof
Many dicks are jokes.
we loved it too!
D.W.
If Jeff Gordon crashed at T.M.S with wing instead of the spoiler on the back of the car.
would Jeff or anyone else end up on their roof
where can I get some sweet pint coupons?
:
You the Yan now, dog?
RT : Congratulations to Yan Gomes for becoming the alltime Brazilian hits leader.
lop, oh no.
im goin on a shoppin spree this week.
They playing my nigga music on nationally televised sitcoms.
Hell yeah fuckin' right.
Neat bumper
Twitter says in my Similar to You section I'm like Twitter, you've obviously never SEEN my stand up.
That kinda stuff would happen to me man
Happy birthday !!
You may not love me
you are not on the first and largest, if you do contact me
Goodmorning : I just wanna relive last night for the rest of my life :D
can you do something about your targeting?
It's a bit off.
;
At Target in Bloomington, 200 to 300 people in line at 10:30 p.m.
Final score: Fort Bend Travis  85, Warren  72.
We are proud of you, Warriors!
Welcome to FRIDAY!
Miller Park needs somebody like so I can tweet requests, like Call Me Maybe
Congrats on your aware!
Whatever it is, since won't tell me!
WPA member artist Mei Mei Chang is featured in The Painting Imperative after Erin Treacy saw her work at the WPA booth atmerge!...
so happy i wanna cry!
Feels like all the chasters all over the world won tonight..slime for everybody!!!!
are the jets fielding a football team or the cover of tigerbeat?
getting all gangsta lately
Post some shirtless pics and then all of the thirsty women and gay men will follow you...that is how it works for most...lol
hello tweeps!
remember that time you had nothing to do on a friday night?
no?
is that b/c its tomorrow that you have nothing to do?
have you ever been to Kingwood Center?
Thinking about doing a day trip there Sat to see the blooms.
I think it's up your way.
Who wanna have my baby
Hopefully, she will come around soon.
Allegro Dance Company will be touring their new show AVANTI Jan 17th Akron Ohio Civic Theatre we will be there!
AD4MH is an amazing cause!!
Thank you Melter for the invite.
A great resource for
Nice tattoos on your neck.
Good luck getting a job.
Cru De Gra was fun last night!
Let's pack it next week everybody!
Congratulations to The Fall Of Catalina for winning the first night!
i not sure i can handle a whole board but willing to try
What's the one lyric you wish you'd written?
50 bucks for simply doing my job?
Thanks !
iPhone autocorrect just saved my ass.
lol.
Your suggestion is noted.
:
roadtrip to idaho
I wish I had seen this before grocery shopping!!
cont selfish on this one ;
RT : LOVING you all....your sparkle in our SmGirlfriends makes me smile!
Hit RT if you feel the same!
Just picked up some free moving boxes from a curb that we found listed on Craigslist...
I really miss soccer!
Show this Friday at the Second Chance Saloon in Columbia, MD and appearance on FreshTV this Saturday.
Anyone up for a boycott of all stores that start playing Christmas music before Thanksgiving?
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and of true progress.
Nicholas Murray Butler
Smilers always help to others Smilers :D
The Big Universe
Nothing can get any better than my favorite ginger and my favorite curly haired boy tweeting each other.
the older you get and with the more people you lose, the holidays will continue to be harder every year..
Will what is happening in libya also start happening in Wisconsin?
Re: Telling military suicide stories.
The military suicide rate is no longer lower than the civilian rate
MoMo is coming to Atl...be on the look out
I'll be salty if I didn't .
It's Happy Hour at Rosemary's!
Come in and enjoy a delicious beverage at the bar!
Ha what's the capital of South Dakota ?
RT: Everyone has that one friend that has absolutely no concept of geography
Trading in some shitty/old games for Tales Of Graces F tonight.
RPG time is killing my Marvel game :
Man!
Its kinda brick outside in the nyc!
yuck on the cold.
Did you recommit?
I am not having a happy day having a realy bad hair day how is you're hair today is it worth it
Going to get my nails done!:
RT Solid suggestions!
Also if  is an issue, street vendors have legit fruit/vegetable options.
Prepping ahead of time is key!
YAY.
Got a new client today for another WP site.
You have GOT to love word press.
We're not just a blog anymore.
The Boston Globe has a best selling boom on weather.
Only in New England.
That is very true coach.
Aw, is that your doggie?
Super cute!
I just want to hug him...
her?
Whoops!
Meant to ask you what you're writing?
That's a lot of words!
welcoming new beginnings
It's a crazy day but I love these days.
Better to be busy then trying to find stuff.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Melinda!
Happy GiveBIG day!
All I want to see is Mayweather vs Pacquio!!!
If you ask someone out through text  break up with them through text too there's something wrong with you
When blessing's come down, praises gotta go up.
Verge will be making artist announcements at the end of April, so check back!
Vergemusicfestival.com
okay Jessica!
Does anyone have spare gmail account?
Your not on the radio anymore are you?
I missed it!
salty 
LOL!
RT : I was almost verified.
As Reginald VelJohnson from 'Family Matters.'
i'll post my spicy pics on twitter so if your not following bummer
party got busted and and i literally had to out run the cops.
Some days, all I think about are food trucks.
We're gonna make it POUR!
RT holy crap, a diamond?
you guys are
Define GREAT.
But I had already bought my property on the moon!
Now what am I suppose to do ?
can you give me the link to the today show?
I can't seem to get to it.
Thanks!
bad link
Yep I go back to school soon, so photos will take a back seat.
I almost enrolled to get a degree in photography, but didn't

please contact via message if possible; your time is greatly appreciated!
Happy birthday to BasijRasikh, Youth LINKS Afghan project manager!
Let's face it.
A Hot Mess is really just a Mess with nice breasts
I can help you.
thanks Man!
LOL
I love who you play on a.n.t farm because I think that you are so funny!!!!!
Hey would you leave your sister alone please?
Not only is she in church, she's WORKING in church.
BTW, didn't see you here.
LOVE IT :
Rockin a cancer benefit show tonight at Priors Tap and Tavern!
Caste Village be there!
And greetings to you as well!
Are you getting pounded with rain like we are here in Los Angeles?

told how much they appriciate the bulbs you give them.
They said no to kerosene.
Our friend Agnes Turanta in
He looks good for 34.
: Happy anniversary to the PhilliePhanatic!
Our favorite mascot made his debut on April 25, 1978.
really like Doug Collins.
Seems like all class.
Good man.
We are looking for Global Elements
pool open?
RT : I don't expect anything from anybody....just ask that you be real.
Sadly that's the hardest thing for ppl to do!
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
Sorry, brain and typing fingers disconnected in last tweet.
Floria Lasky was an arts lawyer, of course
Another great NETSL conference.
Loved the chocolate pretzels!
Question: if I sell my BMW X6 what kind of vehicle should i get?
Pacers finished with 4 wins less than Heat, but Pacers didn't get 4 automatic wins versus the Bobcats either like Heat.
I'm just wondering what the longitudinal fallout will be for individuals in this industry when technology changes...again...
Hey, if y'all wanna stay doctor, go to Facebook.
Ain't nothin goin on over there lol
RT : Most enterprise apps still look like clunky web apps.
enterprise app panel 
So delighted to meet and catch up with at CampaignTech today!
There are always more than 2 sides to every Story  since I'm misterSTORY...Jonathan  JStory isn't enuff
Limestone County man faces judge in dog burning case
the blonde girl sitting on the left of me
DM Me.
I Wanna Talk To U About Shit I Cant Say On Twitter.
U Still Got My Number?
I need to make sure I don't doctornk facebook anymore..
Will do, thanks!
Safe travels to the US of A !
The dairyland awaits you!
Patio open!
Happy Hour at 3 today!
PLEASE NOTE THAT TWILIGHT WILL BE CLOSED ON THE 4TH OF JULY.
Plan your doctornking/eating accordingly.
If you are a personaltrainer or groupX instructor who knows about diastasis, please  mention me for info about a directory I'm building.
If you don't know me..here's a opportunity to get to know me.
I'm not  you should get at me for some beats
..b4 corporations!!
Just got done shopping with the band in Philly.
Got some new apparel to rock on stage.
:
Say hi to my bro David Papineau in Tioga.
I voted for you in Florida and pray you are
People hate on you because deep down they wish they was where you're at in life but just can't seem to figure out how to get there!
lockout or CabinInTheWoods this weekend???
no continents away.
But I sure checked.
And prayed.
Now praying for Mexico.
We've came to far to throw it all away
agree  I think it's more important for information to be verifiable than for the author to be verified.
Milwaukee Fire officials say a possible 1 year old little girl has died in apartment fire at MLK and Wright.
S/O To All My Followers
this new science teacher..
Can you guess what the carousel horse is worth?
You can win some tickets to Il Divo.
Use kcpt with your guess so we can find it.
RT : Old enough to kno better...
Young enough to not give a fuk
don't tell me what to do.
Im contemplating something at the current moment
Rick Scott just appointed a 1 banker to the County Commission.
Another out of touch move by an out of touch governor.
Happy hour for the rest of the nite Jenga party.
Corndogs.
I friggin' love mondays.
im definatly ready for the lady in black ...
my question is why everyone hates danica i think she is awesome
RT if you think im funny, if not continue scrolling, ill roast you later.
: if you aren't following this yet you should be!: RT Goodness, it's gone gin o'clock.
Not if it's about Yuni RT Would you be upset if I tweeted something kinda mean?
Corey and I are sitting next to some old guy in the park and we cant tell if hes sleeping orsleeping forever...
I see the fear of tomorrow in so many people's lives; they aren't focused on the miracle of today  what can be done in it.
Today is His.
its hot , finna go get my haircut
I just checked out the FarXFarout venue.
It is so sick.
Come check out FarXFarout during
Thanks for the follow :
We have a bumper sticker here that says: Content Over Bandwidth.
It's as relevant today as it was 20 years ago, when we wrote it.
Hopefully he does well for y'all.
Seemed to be a consensus WTF?
when they released him here.
Common sense is slowly declining for most people
Today just might be the perfect golfing weather...CHYEAH
when is everyone coming to visit?
doctorll baby doctorll !
Watching an old bob dole Pepsi ad, r u the Pepsi pharmacist?
Is one less thing to do even grammatically correct?
One fewer thing to do?
Internet, why aren't you helping me???
Stanton Moore comming on in an hour.
Hell yea!!!
Hello there cutie!
Thanks for the follow!
I followed back.
You are my first ferret!
too cute!!!
Happy to see more builders using our CMS integration!
1 for the record books!
Nats, Caps and O's all won today!!!!!!
Let's go
CUPCAKE EVENT TODAY!!!
Classy Girl Cupcakes will be in our lobby 11:301:30 with cupcake samples and cupcakes to buy.
So Yummy!
Stop by!
My boyfriends mom is the best !
Marylanders: I'll be taking recyclable textiles to the facility in Gaithersburg at the end of the month if anyone wants to join me!
The DesignProLunch Dallas Twitter list has been updated with today's newbies.
We're up to 50!
/designprolunchdallas2
Leaving school to go to the dentist!
I'll be sure to tweet the journey so you can enjoy vicariously!
Good morning folks have a bless day
Get off ur high horse shawty u ain't all that
lol.
You can have him for now.
I gotta concentrate on this music.
But yea they really humble too!
De nada.
I look forward to the article.
I don't need quarters to do dishes.
No contest!
But yes, Pyraat is super nom.
Yu with some top speed live
I love Orange juice
No U Sound Constipated
bless u!
haha, I'm not trying to talk smack.
Because I'm sure the DBacks will get swept at some point
ur welcome cody please makr me happy and retweet me or contact me
yeah for sure, dm your email so i can send you some stuff
fuckin cotton mouth
Thanks Lexy!
RT : have a safe flight and fun in Miami!!!
;
Epic battle seen happening right now.
Ryan gosling 
Looking for LGBT/Allied webisodes, vlogs, event coverage, interviews, media for global broadcasting.
Contact me!!!
I know.
I was mistaken.
Thought he traded back.
I finally found my phone
these niggas be trippin me out,whenever they get to doing bad and start forgetting about all the shit a nigga lend em
i cant take the suspence!!
I grind cause that's what im good at
Just want this day to be over
I have a feeling im going to be up all night wideawake 
GET.A.LIFE.
Jkkkk; I'm still upset from earlier!
Hahahhaa :
In carpet fibers and other applications, wool's texture and resilience enable it to recover well from crushing and resist soiling.
THANK YOU Lietenant Jim Olschlager and Sergeant Scott Martin with the Nevada Highway Patrol!
Had a great time with you guys, ystrdy!
U ROCK!
you coming to ny this week its my 21st bday would be cool to meet you!
The opposite of rejectionmy story has found a home.
so i type it in the recipients box!
Right?
Lol
This football game is so boring
is austin done?
Creative Pros: our daily routines keep us from big ideas at times.
Use other people's stories/art/songs to gain new perspective easily.
u da man.
Glad you are well!
Dog  empty cereal box  Confetti
Did he say 'hope we sell out Pauley'?
Don't they only seat like 7OOO?
I still can't believe it has zero support for anything sportsrelated.
seems like a very easy, useful thing.
HEY!
WHATS UP!?
I usually don't feel tired the next day when I have insomnia.
But today I'm beat.
Going to the gym to try to work thru this.
Thanks much for the kind words, Rebecca : So glad others enjoyed it as much as I have TRMA585
ghetto fabalous is my middle name yo
about 'a year of buying American/organic/from Black owned businesses only'
oh my god CAN I BE YOU
You are only as strong as the sum of all your parts!
Don't forget about your legs, cuz when you are 80 you won't be walking on your hands.
got me a pink vest and tie for prom haha.
when people don't know you're cool, you get unfiltered feedback
You play a great game.
When you gonna release They Keep Telling Me To Run produced by
Its my destiny
Indy gonna trick it up
for sm reason im atracted to yhu n i wnt to see how u realy look if my boyfriend see dis he goin be mad
Man, I love me some Dokken.
And I don't care that is public knowledge, Just sayin'
Forever alone
twitter is not that different from the proverbial cocktail party aka shameless selfpromotion will get you nowhere
hahaha yes!
Off to the beach!
My head's about to explode
Can't wait for and in their High School movie;
best thing that could happen to his career and credibility.
Hairdoctorsser's nipple; it's a real thing.
Searching for a bedbug.
RT : Alaska has a Little Rock too?
LOL.
Guess I wasn't good at geography in school.
Maybe I'm too picky....
Student on campus today wearing two different pieces of gray suit.
I want to tell him to take the jacket off.
send me the link jessica :
Important Tips in Creating a Fan Page on Facebook
my friend does that!!
yes I'm afraid this is just not their series.
So much 4 every1 wanting this team in rd 1
Girls go wild
I thought that only let you mute people.
Re Last tweet so many opportunities that, unless we make some hard choices, we spread ourselves too thin and dont have the impact we want
It's just this random pose that a bunch of people on facebook are doing, then taking pics of it.
Time for !
GO BLUE!
We39;ve Been Framed!
Pinnacle Animal ...
Pinnacle Animal Hospital
lol, that is a good thing...but still, props for your dedication/being in the library on a Sunday afternoon!
Call on Wednesday!
RT i wish you were open, me and want milkshakes so bad !
Wish I could go to bed and never wake up.
Very nice weekend here.
Hope yours was too.
Thanks to new followers ;
Working downtown 
BarnesandNoble in CoralSprings can suckit...and the manager on duty today should be
Thanks not interesting enough for boys?
DeMaio says he will also hold ConVis accountable.
Back for Round 2 at
follow back ?
Can't blame Jack Z for not giving Fielder a 9 year, 215 million dollar deal.
Scott Boras wins again.
I'm up for a Winterhawks game as part of the fall or winter BOA meeting.
Up for a group adventure?

CNT wait to see you if plans haven't changed
you okay?
Haha.
Thx.
You too.
Talk soon.
It's almost show time!
Make sure you have bought your tickets!
My boys won their game and are now 1  1.
Syracuse won their first game and are 1  0.
GOOD TIMES !
People taking full advantage of this 80 degree weather.
I see people have EVERY window down just because.
Lol.
Southpark had an amazing take on the NCAA last night.
'If they get paid, how do we make all our money????'
i try all types of piercings ..
i want my jaws now hell .
I am a part of all I have read.
good call.
, the Meatball Shop is great too.
Great road win tonight, tremendous effort from our guys!
Everyone who played contributed.
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.Jim Rohn
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall.
Congrats to Coach Katen
Henderson Nevada Pub Lib I believe
The best of intentions are no substitute for the resources our schools need.
at State Assembly hearing.
Off work early, so putting in work on the latest melodic recipes.
miss you girl!
Hope you're having fun :
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys!
Love ya3
Free in NYC tonite?
Beat the heat, see Dick Cavett live at Ethical Culture Society, tics at the door.
Socrates in the City event.
dylan just has my heart.
gosh, he's perfect.
i love you.
It was a long stressful day.
Thought about quitting...
but I came to my senses.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your childoctorn have teenagers of their own.
Doug Larson
Taco bell is nothing!U gtgo to hard rock and have the 10oz burger to measure up Donethat friesshake
Interesting how often u see miracle applied to a scientific advance.
'You keep using that word.
I do not think it means what you think.'
I just don39;t have the strength right now.
That was a good reunion
Then, swipe right 2x to reveal the AirPlay button.
Tap, and select your TV.
As long as your TV is set up, that should do it!
Writing the vocal melody harmonies and chorus was so much fun.
I look forward to channeling the rest of the comps:
Got invited to go boating this weekend..
RT : T2: I think the skepticism comes when an individuals info HASNT been shared w/appropriate providers.
does this eliminate the possibility of orality as a form of writing?
I'm thinking of AfAm rhet principle nommo...
Hm, not sure.
It's so it's not downloading, I think it's live streaming.
Thanks Natalie.
Happy hump day!
Ill blog about the whole fiasco tomorrow.
It is a classic business case in total lack of customer focused culture.
m let me try them on
This is coming soon
oh ok did u was it weird where u like hey she does come here
I will, goodnight :
Twitter vs Facebook.
Hm...
Not sure which is better, i suppose they both suck!!
Happy Friday Ladies and Gents ....
did you know all purchases on our tees will provide a 10 donation to a charity?
That you will choose!
Ha!
That shaving cream demo is messy!
Love Has No Gender
guess wat!!
4 my 17th birthday in less then 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior : u guys r amazing 3
I'm Completely Done Pushing Something That Will Never Happen.
All You Can Do Is Try.
probably not...
gross.
that'stoomuchmilk
Going to be hard to get over this 1
I finally took the time to listen to you guys...
I'm in love.
Oh my god all time low is goin on tour with the ready set.
But they aint comin to vegas.
GAY
I know people are conflicted about Quick but the baking scene from S1 always reaffirms that I can ship them.
Black Duck Software Reports Strongest First Quarter In Company History
Me too.
Dwight Howard you're a little fucking bitch!
It was a close overtime loss...just makes it more exciting it's a 3 game series now
when your phone is being a cock blocker
and if you don't 'think well', people do your thinking for you...Critical Thinking 101
hahaha the carter three is still his best album.
OH MAN.
KOTSAY.
What does one do when stuck in Lake County?
Go on pinterest and make every chocolate thing they have to offer!!!
Thanks to for the follow!
Oh, by the way they do a great job.
Why don't i see it on ub?
is looking forward to starting work on new SAG news/sketch comedy web series w/ my wife , Patriots N Porridge, on Monday
Wx models agree looks like a swath of 48 across much of immediate area.
Winter Storm Warnings in effect.
doctorve safely, friends!
I think it has something to do with their stance on evolution
What do u mean?!?!
CJ, perhaps you should give them away as gifts to your staff as advertising ;
when u get to la...
try the medical buds.....
Thats my professorssional therapist advice!
because of Disney
Buy One, Get One 50 Off all major Sports Brands!
Gaspari, GNC Beyond Raw, Force Factor, Rivalus, MuscleTech, and tons of other brands!
We understand!
There are always cupcakes or cookies in the break room at our office.
Send some willpower our way!
yup.
Gonna be a long week before I head out to Dallas...
I'm interested to hear how the Ekirch book reads.
going to watch some movie with Colin Farrel.Not a big fan.
all right, byee
Winds of plague tee Jose gave me today 
what you doing for your birthday ?
what is the line?
Good thinking
Nah, so many play it and so many new players are joining that you'll be fine.
At this time our uplink provider seems to have identified and resolved the issues.
Our Systems Team will continue to monitor the networkCS
all is well main.
just hitting it hard.
fiesta friday tonite !!!
with and !!!
I'm willing to make you an offer of taking over your account and making it likeable, do you accept?
lol shit I was shooting good yesterday
The backpacker / travel scene seems analogous to artists as front lines for gentrification  paving the way for what will surely come...
In Chicago this week spending time w my daughter.
RR!
Looking forward to Weird Chicago tour  music Chicago tonight
Rock the River Spring Festival 113
I believe that was called Every Single One Of Them.
You mean the one with the nonthreatening cute guy and the impy girl, right?
I feel guilty taking out the trash for pickup today.
And it's not even recycle day.

You Be Watchenn The Good Movieess  Whats This One Called.?
this is why I am 100 certain you are magical we must discuss when you get back.
3
there was a notre dame presentation?
omg!!!
Way to Go Broncos...Great game
hey there!
Things are good  you??
Come visit us.
Been a busy week for ReHeat and Eat BBQ.
Thank you to all of our customers!
If you haven't tried them yet give us a holler!
iwishihadsaid NO to that 1st cigarette  This you?
90 of adult smokers started as teens.
quitsmoking cc:
: Back to breaking bad!
: I just started it, S1:E2!!
omg why?
X2 RT : Congrats for launching your twitter account for malariaday!
Beautiful Sunday in San Diego!
Still wondering what to get your hot car for Christmas?
Something shiny or better yet Matte Black?
Let Metro Wrapz help you pick.
Call us.
HA, okay.
Arrington, no class, Sean Lee, enough class for both of them, Fight on State!!!!!
!!!!!!
if you want a new follow go follow
My day won't be complete unless I get carne asada fries.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Safe travels home!
:
End of the top of the 2nd, OLLU leads Texas College 3  0.
Going to start a new contest give away tomorrow!
At 4PM, OldeTownStadium will be showing: 'A Night on Walcrust' , 'Nobody But Her'  'An Evening With My Comatose Mother'!
Whats more exciting than seeing the shuttle 2day?
Excited kids watching itswarming like curious bees screaming w/ excitement
i would imagine that they eventually will.
i think with verizon contracts and such for andoctorid it may take some time.
but who knows
No bullshit son I am DEAD
Know what's great?
Never having a credit card.
No debt!
Know what's awful when trying to find a good rental?
Not having any credit.
Nothing sucks more than having to live in a shadow that you can never overcome.
ridin so luxurious i got my shades up every1 observin us my sneaks are laced up im blazed up leanin off da liqour in my cup,
The fact that I just probably failed that test and could really care less shows that it's the end of the semester...
Thats why i dont like neither on of them lil itches
please come to chicago 3
RT One random person who RTs this wins a free set of ICON Wiper Blades!
Winner picked on 11/14.
..!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
My pain, I'm so tired of this pain!
Idk what to do!
me too!!!
Amanda Seyfried for Ana perhaps?
RT : Hard to find the words.
The Beastie's have been such a huge part of the soundtrack of our lives.
every Wednesday
We'll be at Dublin Square Irish Pub in East Lansing Sat night passing out FREE samples of Closing Time!
I know what is wrong with the world?
I miss working with you :
Starbucks  life saver
I have a list you can start on  if you get bored!
It has been 8 years since I had transferred to Eastern Michigan University from WC3D and OCC and I had a very hard time ever since.
Satan called.
He wants his weather back.
Things I cant unknow LOL
Back from DC and ready for Christmas decorations.
Need to go on a diet soon!
Girls will be back from school in 3 weeks!
I feel like a dope .
I just realized you guys have another twitter
no lie..twenty 100 yard sprints, jump squats  hoops on a post leg  glute training day has kicked my butt!
Tired girl  glutes hurt good 3
Reconnecting/connecting with your spiritual self is essential for peace in your life!
Social Media Intern...I'm stoked to have a title.
Sorry, but my family time with Shabbat services.
what up...
What about Joseph and the Amazing Techniolor doctoramcoat?
One of my all time favorite musicals!
I need just 4 more followers until I give away a free handmade bath product from my website!
Help me get to 50 followers!
Please RT!!
Remind me to buy a private jet so I can avoid commercial air travel from here on out
The event is kicking off.
Angelus Orbicularium Spiritus!
Sacred book of angels or high technology?
I had a really good idea for this essay until I remembered that we can't use the US as an example.
Sigh
Absolutely!
DM us a contact email.
We should work together for ALL trips, not just SD.
shakes fist women!
Do not swim with the tide, do not swim against the current  swim wherever you over

HATERZ are like ANTS.
They're EVERYWHERE and they're way more AFRAID of YOU than YOU should be of THEM...
Happy Monday!
I really like the sound of your name
Connect Teens thru Reading Event/ Encourage Reading to 21st Century Social Readers/ Make a Splash:But Document it with Data!
/Guy/Girl Reads
I feel bad for who ever is going to be my college roommate in a year, only a hand full of people can stand my vibrate lapses of insanity
Well, thats a wrap on week 3!
Had a blast shooting a bunch of our outdoor scenes today with some extremely funny people!
went from one customer one product to almost 30 customers and three products in 2 years!
We're Mobile...Download our FREE IPhone App or IPad App Now From The ITunes Store!
Stay connected to MaryOnTheSquare.
trying clear her head from all the doctorma this weekend.
you're super tight ;
Things that we need as humans 2 survive are same as those components that games need 2 be good.
There's something in that.
vtxeln getting ready to tweet some election night coverage
One of the big positives of working at a startup is that you get to hear, Wow, you look like shit, a lot.
Good morning Eric.
The sun is shining.
Can't wait to get out.
Have a good one my friend.
Congrats to this week's recipient of WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
Spacey killing Clinton...
I love theater.
don't forget rush limbaugh
We finished our 8 week salsa course today.
It's always great to see the students move up to the next level.
So proud!
Still painting citifieldinside the park there are so many signs and billboards to paint on the ball!
BestFriend!
IMISSYOUSOMUCH!
Where have you been?!
I'm worried sick!
How's Nanda and her sis?
RT : reminder: Every action you take as well as your business sends a message to people!
Monday Night Raw episode 1000 is coming.
Happy, happy 3rd Birthday, !
Thank you for bringing your fabulous, behindthescenes foodie tours to Denver!
Hi Hi Klout
nice commercial.
that last tweet had fragment witten all over it.
Lol
Now offering Brunch!
Join us Saturdays  Sundays from 11am to 2:30pm!
Its the day after Valentine's Day where every store tries to get rid of the Chocolate by marking it 50 off, lol.
unitedairlines Breaks guitars  now baggage.
Offers free duffle bag on wheels but u have 2 unpack old case  give to them.
Absurd.
shame!
Sorry I missed ya
Really?
The first Christmas ads for Glade holiday scents and Christmas at the Biltmore in Ashville...I'd love the second possibility.
lego cake sounds fun!
i'm kind of looking forward to these future joys of parenthood...
You sit on a throne of lies Courtney.
Slap bet tee by only on !
Available for 10 only for 24 hours!
RT for Giveaway!
Oh yes, my husband  I like walking around there after work on Friday's.
You have fixed the Internet!
I'm unsure what it says about me that I want to make out w/ you right now.
Dad's are semiretarded when it comes to this topic
LOL!
wouldve been proud of your Beast Mode session today ;
To celebrate I bought Coke, and a lot of cheese and wine.
Biggest loser room 956 starts this week
would love to say choosing a career isn't about the money..but it is.
sadtruth we gotta make ends meet man.
And another will jump to Wednesday.
RT : Prediction: a major retailer will do a black Friday campaign next year based open ...
Thatfeeling you get when you think you're phone is vibrating and you start looking intensely...then realizing it's right next to you.
Lol
Disney World maybe lol .
RT Who's taking me to Disneyland tonight?
As much as I hate to admit it, the have a very classy supporter group
Well, of course!
Easy way to answer all life's problems...
BIBLE!
AmericanExperience filling in history we didn't get in school once again.
Not sure who's learning more  me or my 9 y/o
We think work with the brain is more worthy than work with the hands.
Nobody who thinks w/ her hands could ever fall for this.
EFSchumacher
As an experiment, I'm waking up at 5:00am for a week to see what difference it makes.
Gonna check out one of those sunrise things for once.
OMG just rode my first rOlLeRcOaStEr like duh....the titan!!!
s0o0o scary
Yea.
iphone, you ain't tryna buy it tho' ?
oh lol gotcha
Popcorn!
RT : Best latenight snack?
Go!
Appreciate the follow!
Sometimes life can be a bitch an trust an believe I can be one as well...
Cause I could give two shits about you or your feelings...
No rushing no half assing...We get things done on these parts
It think that Ariana getting a tattoo is cool.My sister has 3.
Ariana said she was only gonna get 1 that was special 2 her!
Indeed!
But it's a slippery slope from appreciating to collecting, at least it was for me :
amazing movie!
The dollhouse...
good, I haven't heard from you in a bit.
I'm working on products for the vids, are you on fb?
41 of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
Movie or theater tickets
I can't help but laugh at Bruno being serious tho, even though it's a video for charities :L lol
saw u RT'd man.
thnk u!
i think i seen u in charles vill last week?
nope  home
has 40 community contributors they've vetted and support with editing and high touch contact
I was doubting my vibes, but I picked another Kentucky Derby winner.
Made the bet...
I'll Have Another!
Ideas for Bogota's amusement park: Bogota Costa for a rollercoaster?
:D
Hey, how was your race experience Sunday?
You and the mini had a good time?
Glad I got a 2:00 tee time instead of having to watch UK get embarrassed
Happy Friday!!!!
Sals Fridays  The Latin Quarter Annapolis, 9pm lesson, 169 West Street  say Sue Elliott sent you.
AMERICAN OVERTURE.
Even though this should read Greta or Interlochen?
I think we all know the answer..
Thanks Zara!
I love your blog too!
: sweet.
that would be fun!
i saw you earlier today gave you a horn toot.
I saw you!!
I understand!
Willow Smith ain't wipping her hair no more.
She don't gotz none.
I just wanted to go outside to get some fresh air...
But I also let a fly in...
I'm up like I ain't got anything to do tomorrow n2s: take yo' ass tho sleep.
GN
Happy St Patrick's Day!
My friends your friends
Jtfo Fa real doe
And so is she.
i seen her in a car i think it had to be here it was but yeah she was in a car and me and friends doctorve past here we screamed chloe
The girl should be for one night, and the single life ..
Wow great to be out on friday nite...NOT
TRAEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
Mine is longer :D
How about
Clemson YLI offers youth summer camps
thanks for following Philadelphia Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts
I'm doctorgging but I'm here  zumba
I can't be there, but at least I can follow more devs that I find on the stirtrek hash tag...
We r put together a celebration on 5/30 4 firstgen college students in SF.
Thoughts on working together 4 a tasting?
Almost had to scrape up little guys...lmaoRT : Racial tensions are high right now smh
Smoke screens with Bank of Am news.
Shanks are still swimming in the market pool.
Watch for the bites.
Plunge team working overtime here
you've inspired me to go to the movies...without you!
Lol
Alex CrossYourHeart
RAW RAW RAW LIKE SUSHI
I didn't stop talkin to u...why u gon lie like that...shame on u
Bishop McDevitt is 30 minutes from Gable Park where the League is located.
that is awesome man!
RT : H.O.E.
hands on everything.....word to lmao ya digg
Cher: the Twitter numbers 579.4K followers 12 people she follows 0 perspective on pretty much anything human.
The bitch can sing though...
Nice seats!
Like a kid in the candy store celebrating!
1 rule everybody must have loyalty
Hey remember we have 3 more days to work here this year, stop trying to save on heating the building or the water in the bathroom.
Several Senate Republicans have signed on to bipartisan legislation aimed at broadening access to the legal immigrant visa system
Ive done nothing but heat up, yet Ive never lost my cool ...
when youre at a bar, are people getting into heated discussions about Tulo v.
Hanley?
No, they're talkin Kobe, Lebron, Peyton
Just joined Twitter.
Now i gotta figure out how i do this.
Filling in OECD registration form.
Requires me to choose title from doctorpdown menu.
First choice  Baroness.
Did I pick that ..or not?
After waiting in line for about 2530 mins, I finally have a number.
The clock is ticking though, so I hope this is painless...
Isn't she though?
Oh to be in 1st grade and have a vision :
I was the one who told my mom I'm not calling him dad, even if there's a fire.
I ended up calling him dad yesterday lmao
RT our messages and get the chance to win 2 free tickets to the Vintage Reggae Winterfest in Miramar, Florida.
now that's sexy, Dayna!
;
agoolch 3ad, shoo ha esa5aafa?
I called three time to both your parents and they never answered
ok whatever that mean
Thank you for spreading the word JT!
Creepy, creepy little game you play
5 Tips to Keep in Mind When Shopping for Airsoft Guns post office box
interested in your recordings, have an email I could contact you on?
RWers ain't anti governmentthey are anti your ass having access to government, policymaking, and spending priorities
Lowell Thomas met T.E.
Lawrence for the first time in February 1918 while in Jerusalem documenting WW1
PUBLIC transport is FTW!
, nothing an iPad can't help with though.
Had to jump over some hurdles but we are good to go for Tomorrow and Friday's casting calls.
See you there.
Answer: MY GIRL Good job ya'll!!!
okay I have one more....
Trying to stay positive and focused!
I've got great things coming in the near future!!
RT RT Remember the fallen  their families this Memorial Day.
Honor those who have so honored us.
Hell is full of musical amateurs.
George Bernard Shaw
Thank you, xx That just put a big smile on my face :D
Great conversation tonight on high speed rail in CA infrastructure investment is a must, and can't forget indirect benefits
it's not Bob Dole is it?
BLEEEEEH!
i almost done.
halfway done essay 2...
goal is to get it done so i can watch jon stewart and go to bed in like 45 min!
I thought that immediately after I posted!
Never been before but looking forward to it.
:
Thanks again fro the RT MUAH!!
You ROCK!!!
dm me the password
Two 23s.
Safe to say no one from Cleveland won.
My future is so bright in Christ, that I gotta ware shades.
Have a great and blessed day today tweetersBAMM.
a spambot that just wrote to me called doctordoctorheadphones
Research?
Resources?
have grabbed my pillows and snuck off.
deep fried pizza rolls..
I was just thinking the Penn State way about the situation.
And yeah, tomorrow...I'm cautiously optimistic.
a righty due up 2nd for the rangers...
time to get up robertson
Of course girl you ain't gotta ask me twice cuz you da best!!!!!
Muah
Today was a good day.
It took 24 minutes to make 40,000 dollars on the Portland Trailblazers.
I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings
PACOS FANS share with us, your favorite memory or story from the past 30 years....
.
always enjoy the discussion  we'll get some ideas flowing and circle back with how we can crush it together!
Legals very soon 
Awesome photos of you guys at AirHollywood!
Hope you had fun!
See you next time!
Burnt my tongue on a hotdog!
Fascinating findings on formal vs informal learning.
Just curious who u administered the survey to.
lol yeah.
But this one I respect.
Brock was actually hitting him.
No fake hits or anything.
You know it!
To argue with a person who has renounced reason is like administering medicine to the dead  I love Tom Paine
I know!
God forbid I think I'm dating a Sagittarius then end up with a Scorpio :O
Haven't really run in 6 months thanks to pregnancy.
Now wondering if c25k would be good starting point or too easy?
How's the app?
up before the dawn  the sky a mix of pink and blue   sunset in reverse
Lol, yeah.
I love Talking Heads, David Byrne and Brian Eno stuff
Correction: y'all, wine's awesome.
RT : You guys, wine's awesome.
ok jordan
i'm not on that team..
LMFAO
I love my big sis, Emily Jones :
thanks for posting about us!
Just got back from an awesome session with KNS.
RIP Dick Clark :
Get ready for Lent you worthy sinners!
Twestival attendees: you might want to use the entrance at 3 S.
Frederick St.
is already crazy.
Current state of : wet cement still time to volunteer and help shape it
Defending the Championship Starts Now!!!
Let's Geaux
Only a mother as perfect as you, could have a daughter as perfect as me.
I wish it was summer, and I didn't have to work everyday of my life, and that I could go to the beach and listen to music.
Happy Birthday to one of the great geniuses of our time, mister David Byrne
Jason: Twilight!
Madison: Twilight?Ok Well theres an exit right over there
That's all they played!
Thanks to everyone who stopped by or watched!
See you next week!!!
it's him!
Steven, you're welcome.
Have a good weekend
YouKnowItsRealWhen you can be completely silly and crazy with one another.
A little saintly advice: Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Saint Augustine.
:
Opening Day  Pop Warner Football!
Could it be any HOTTER?
Go PQ!
Always wake up from naps with the class staring at you
Hey man, thanks for the plug How is the film school so far?
What are you studying?
Quick get the eyedoctorps and chips ahoy!
hey guys!
acoustic show in philly tonight at the misterom!
come hang with us!
doors at 8pm, we go on at 8:30pm!!
see you there!!
Was pressure really that good?
My parents are moving to Tucson.
Our parents can be best friends.
There are so many people that I would go Sweeney Todd on.
will you please clip me!?
Got a floral doctorss from forever 21;
Thank you to everyone who voted for me on the Cleveland FOX 8 HOT LIST!!
Okay, league is WI Indycar Fans I'm sure they'll let an IL fella like you in.
You have to make picks by 8 am tomorrow.
Tessa is being one right now too, MAJOR
My future wife...
he's playing in Iran.
Seriously.
Iran.
This music is like music to my ears.
This coffee tastes like delicious coffee.
All is right in the world.
how did you know that was for you..oh, you're good.
How do we ensure that mental health treatment for minorities is a priority?
A healthy community is a safer community.
Come and bring the family out to celebrate Kwanzaa at the APEX.
Saturday December 31 6p Kuumba Creativity
Can't wait for blues fest in the dessert!
Never play poker with cheaters.
cough cough
I've been downtown all afternoon, don't know.
Sundays are usually not real quiet there.
go get sum booty!!!
Last home gameday of the season!
Go Vols, Slam the Dores!
After seeing the Pixies I have been on a huge Kim Deal kick.
Love the breeders...
I gtta pee
To all the ladies who whine about men.
ITS CALLED A VIBRATOR!
and jameson.
happier after some cardio  chat with friends.
Sell the kids for food
the other two sandman slim books and Mira Grant Feed and 5eadline
live like your best day is still ahead of you
jones is so smart its dumb famous words of Renee
Happy nurses day!!
great minds think alike :
Happy Birthday Cody Simpson!
Been cleaning all dam day bedoctorom, bathroom kitchen, and living room spotless :
Haha aww let me be happy:p
Anybody see Phish's Mike Gordon play for free today in SF?
about to cook 333 now that Romiely, Rohan  Arianna are calm :D
Punt fest is well underway at Lucas oil Stadium.
Lacy can't even do things right on the punt coverage team.
ABDC is just a fucking popularity contest now.
Fanny Pak has their fame already, just leave.
They're only there cause of their fame tbh.
Just got an email about HU graduation celebrations, if it's anything like Homecoming...I'll be far far out of town.
Welcome to the States and Indy!
Will be watching online.
Good Luck, proud little guy!
B BIG!!
Luis says, Use the force!
I like that, what is your passion?
AND THE 2011 OSCAR FOR LEAST APPROPRIATE DIALECT CHOICE: Daniel Craig, The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo!
At least he nailed the continent.
Randy Newman comments on Vitro's cd.
Its a great honor to have musicians of this quality devote themselves to doing these really...
Nice, great job!
: NE
I was tryin to go to lai wahs but them sucka was closed they got the best asparagus w/ shrimp
Hey Joseph!
I am well, how have you been?
Send us some cool AR demos to share with our audience.
Pls RT!
NOTHING WORST THEN MESSING WITH LOCK BOXES AND SCREW GUNS IN THIS doctor COLD BALTIMORE WEATHER..SMH..BUT IT ALL PAYS OFF :
Every gay person has a gaydar and best believe a lot of you MFers on mine!
DL MFers lol
Favorite part of getting home at night other than be with my baby...taking my bra off!
Go Barcelona.
Yes.
It also makes you a true patriot.
Happy, happy Friday!
Wake up with the and keep that umbrella handy for the weekend!
yobitv thanks for everything and good night
You should definitely be following our entire crack PR team.
Put and on your docket.
why can't we just take the L and move on why do you have to beat them when they are down.
You know you didn't
Spelling is for suckers.
so nice to meet you at nwsa11 :
Took a pit stop at a freebie phonecharger.
Kept getting questioned like I worked there.
Guess I'll deal with a low battery.
It may be a cool story but come on.
They squared off in '94, '95, '97, '03, and '04.
Do you honestly think that impacts this game?
I'm in Chicago, conducting a training seminar for financial planners.
TweetAdder is off now  I can tweet for the 1st time in 6 weeks.

fue nuestro placer!
You're very welcome.
Let us know how the recipe turned out.
:
You fit me better than my favorite sweater.
love borntodie  via
Home from Vegas....back to reality
Pierogi and Polish girls.
Pittsburgh.
well let's keep trying!
Until they follow us :
yep, plus it's his bday and he's wearing a skirt.
thank you for your prayers.
My husband is a childoctorn's minister.
Praying for your ministry as well!
Leaving right now.
Yay citizenship!
It's an interesting concept.
I can only speak for BOS, but if I was an artist I would view this city as an opportunity..
Funeral for captain Clark  10  St.Mary's dntown.
Color Gd and bagpipes already there.
I'm heading over now.
Still don't know cause of death.
Alice Tan Ridley from America's Got Talent 2010.
A voice like no other!
April 13th  The Markham Theatre in Ontario Canada.
Who is Peyton Manning, and why is everyone talking about him?
Jared Berggren and Dan Fahey named Academic AllBig Ten.
I'd congratulate them, but they're probably studying.
:Local church sues former members, video of baby ducks rescued, Trayvon Martin's mom recieves huge act of kindness.
Cu in 9 min!
Congrats to the winners of The Ultimate Shaving Kit giveaway!
You're gonna love the product.
LIQUID approved!
Awesome talk by PhD alum/UCSB professorMiriam Metzger.
and I extra pumped to take data crawling  analysis next fall
stop ya bitch to stop complainin
I'll give u something to talk bout...
Just got my first smart phone.
Dunno if i'll tweet more but I might!
We love that photo!
Thanks for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation!
come take a commuter train in Philly sometime.
Makes the Newark train seem pretty tame..
Welcome to the Packers, Nick Perry
Mentorship meeting, DC interview and then a conference call.
Yal leave a lot of niggas on stuck out there when you make that decision not to suck, a lot!
Jack YeltonMy problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
getting ready for school to start next monday..
i cant believe college is already here :
Tweet me if u want a shoutout!:D
omg.
Yay!!
I didnt get to play gym coz I forgot the combo.
Aren't I awesome?
Hahaha.
5 unprepared this quarter.
Im failing
Vinnie's wife thinks they're Swiss Dairy
Nice.....for kids.
Maybe...we need them in DC to do something...
omg twins!
love 
ooh..can't wait to hear it!
Their last two CDs are in my permanent playlist
Spent the day thus far in the studio with some childhood heroes of mine.
Weirdest thing.
The world is a small place.
im finally done with that powerpoint now time for me to go prepare for presentation tomorrow..
night lovers ;
thanks for the mention hope you're having a blast!
MY TANI!!!!
We gotta hang soon...
Miss spending time
Nocatee Road Race and TT tomorrow.
two words to describe my neighbors?
alright , we're gonna say intoxicated and loud HA
I'll go to this one.
I've been on travel last couple of times the coaches visited the coast.
That's really good to now.
What is he doing these days ?
Practice Safe Sex, Go Screw Yourself.
Alright Tucson....
ill see you next weekend.
next stop phx!
Best not to start your own car for a while, is all I'm saying.
Smile it makes people wonder what you are up to...
UNC Basketball Recruiting: Troy Williams to Announce Decision May 2nd  Keeping It Heel
NOT COOL BREW CREW
Thanks Jo for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience.
Warming up my voice, and getting all dolled up for the show tonight!
What did Martin even do on that goal?
Nothing.
Just realized this is my 50th Christmas.
Trippy.
Congrats to the Rangers.
I'm all packed up  ready to leave for the Osceola Art Festival near Orlando.
If you are in the area stop by my booth 34.
See you there!
What does everyone think of the trades/signings today?
Hahaha same here!
:P
I can't watch you for another 2 hours and 14 minutes.....not that I am counting.
;
AMEN!
Go forth and VOTE!
Exactly !
Lmaoo maybe that guy is sleep lol you called him sleeping beauty .
It's a Me Day today : Massage, manicure, pedicure.....
and relaxation :
THIS GUY SLAPPED MY ASS TODAY IM SCREAMING
omg finger snap ghetto movement i wasnt the first person you followed!?
Lol
lmfao at your whore tweet : thanks fpr the giggle
RT : Vision without execution is hallucination 
Eww you're more annoying than I thought originally
Nice!
Sorry I slept through it : Thanks!
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
WWE RAW should tape in London every week.
ArentYouTiredOf Hearing and Saying Y.O.L.O ?
no one stay up with queerbar : RT Wide awake stay up with me?:p
finished skins so naturally all i wanna do is watch gens 1 and 2
Post Bjork show: body has exploded into millions of pieces.
Half of which have become lighting, other half is en route to mars.
I knew she'd f it up
Talking about going to Indy500 this year.
Why not?
Haha it means that person is so hot that people want their babies.
Ask about a convo on fb about it he found xD
Excited for today's dccdconv!
26 lbs?
whoa!
I don't need to lose weight but want muscle and I heard its good
Dick Clark!
Davy Jones!
David Cassidy must be getting nervous.
funny.
I hope every thing turned out ok.
hey guise follow me on Instagram : ...
Dont worry, I wont bite LOL
When did the Knicks sign Kanye West to play backup PG?
Ditto, kiddos!
Tomorrow is the day, will you be part of the 5000?
That game was a bunch of shit.
The refs only cared about getting paid and not the fact that kids were getting choked and kicked in the face.
my name is KidDoobie
turner hall, moct, Irish pub and red rock saloon 8pm all night.
www.theypmc.com Epic reason to have a party Go brewers
watch your back bro, could get ugly.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
B.F.
Skinner
You got the wrong one sweetheart don't get it fucked up
Twitter has got to be one of my biggest distractions.
I am queen of the stark white bedoctorom!
; Loved the color  texture you added  the tips for quick change ups!
Anytime.
Thanks for joining us!
Source code is amazing : 33
Last day of school
There goes their Rock n Roll doctorams!
RT : Lookin fwd to my nail appt tommoro as well as booking my massage.Sounds like someone is getting pampered!!
GOOD ru
Really enjoying that Report a problem on this page text at isn't linked to anything.
Got a problem?
Keep it to yourself.
YEAH IT IS
Just wrapped up a big project for a big marketing firm, hopefully launching very soon.
Time for some sleep.
And maybe dinner.
You tried to break me, but you see...
fasho I got ya HOMMIE.
About to check it out now.
I've been watching How I met your Mother all night.
I just feel like moving to New York and finding the woman of my doctorams now...
tracks have the most fire doctorm samples
I want to get my hair done in a Grandma poof.
Workouts and Meetings then off to New Orleans for the FinalFour ..Looking forward to seeing everyone
Oh.
A message from the after hours emergency line.
Schedule rearrangement  I've been here 40 minutes.
Sorry other 85 people on my caseload.
HELL YEAH!!
: Congrats!
my heart tells me go for it but my brains saying no, dont do it.
yoga feels great to do!
I recommend everyone to try it.
So relaxing.
Also, try doing pilates..gr8 4 u.
that was supposed to be in Detroit.
I really can't type.
Holy christ, i TOTALLY forgot that i had a free Melvins ticket for tonight until Sean texted me
then you won't have an iPhone..
Lol
hold on wmyb is playing WeMissAustin!
RT : Think of Thanksgiving as another opportunity to train for Tough Mudder.
Carboloading is always good preparation.
Blessed we well IRIE each n every Sat.
night on WRSU/88.7fm 810pm...can ya link us with more doctorps?
I watched two episodes.
That was enough white middle class wangst.
got em coach.
So what are you going to do??
Lol
Men under the age of 40 can typically achieve a full erection in 10 seconds.
Just 3 like away from 100...share More Skees Please with your friends and family today!
So not going to have time to run 23...going to run long but not that long.
Life has a way of interrupting marathontraining !!
I have alot of great ideas.
luv u bro!
Tomorrow is soon as a bisshhh!
Lol
Fresh out of the salon..exhausted..3hrs sleep, 10hrs of wrk, change of plans n haven't eaten since brkfst..
If you love or hate me, the odds are in my favor.
If you love me, I'm always in your heart.
If you hate me, I'm always in your mind
can i get a ride?
AhMazeIng.
Thanks for the life chaning moment because I am obsessed with the wasabi ones.
he probably won't agree on that...
All those Texas haters out there who don't put beans in their chili are missing out
I really am still a kid, just in a 22 year old's body.
Dude I smell like weed again .
.
.
It makes me feel sick when im hungry urgggg
these tools should be open access.
However, we run into the problem of financing.
I don't necessarily have a solution, but..
has followers.
Now I do too!
MT : Loved the Zac Brown Band!
Already bought them on iTunes.
RT : Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Carl Zwanzig
i'm with ya on that.
i like yummy doctornks, not strong ones.
we chillin today?
: Duke is gone, Michigan is gone, Mizzou is gone, Purdue won, gonna have to pour one out for my bracket
Went to Westminster in London couple yrs ago.Went to the john and peed right next to a member of Parliament.Cheerio.
RT : If you could make ONE band BLOW UP BIG who would it be?
RisingTalent from SA TX // Thanks!
RT People will judge your book by the cover.
Make sure it's fab, unique, and that the title is readable in thumbprint size!
Letters discovered in Hindenburg crash site carefully handled by postal officials, sent in glassine as registered mail.
It's 70 degrees on December 3rd.
L.O.V.E.
it!
.
imagine a tool where you could diagram out for your clients all the rules and regs you could do that more easily w
thanks Brian.
I might make it into a song.
or it might stay a poem!
I don't get the outrage around having Howard on that show.
He's been wellbehaved so far.
doctorwCarney just did some high kicks w/ some Rockettes.
it was a site to see
Poison poison poison
We were born to succeed, not to fail  Henry David Thoreau
maybe i should do it too.
Smartest man ever  RT : FYI, celebrate Facebook's IPO with a BLT and an IPA, OK?
ASAP!
At the ORU Board of Trustee meeting in Tulsa.
Amazing team.
Good things happening at ORU!
It was like Symphony on the Prairie  have you been to their 4th of July ones?
They're usually crowded but great!
i can tell loser haha
We like our men like our tea.
Hot and Britsh with some irsh cream :
Martin Luther Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Is this how a normal person with a job feels?
If so I like it.
I'm not sure.
There should be a help page on the right hand side of your Twitter page.
Chili cheese omelette for breakfast  missing hardcore right now.
I'm heading back to Boston.
Kane is the new morning show on Z.
Can I get new jingles??
;
Huntingtons loss is Cent.
KY gain.
Welcome back !
Keep it locked yall...live broadcast coming...
real men eat plants imo
Exams suck
YouKnowICareWhen I wanna b around no one else but u
I hear ya!
Tweeps are quickly becoming my goto info source...for better or worse
8 year olds today have facebook, twitter, iphones and ipods.
when i was 8 i had a coloring book, crayons and an imagination
You know what?
I'll be blastin some german music now.
np Cro  Intro
lobby fill of boosters :
I use one Twitter list, a private one, for my must reads.
This lets me follow lots and lots of people.
Were so alike its crazy 3 !
yup winning
: Well 28 is more packed then a game lol lol right
Having another day at work, then baseball!
There are worse things than being trapped in a stadium full of brightsmiling, fireeyed, straight men in gym shorts, high tops,  tanktops.
Its too much for twitter!
Dont forget our presentation
I know right?!?: ms rust saw me make that face!:
When people throw done their weights after finishing a set.
I miss you too!!!!
Oops 2 giants defensive players faking injuries
Tuesday: We pay homage to unsigned artists  celebrate 10 yrs of weekly showcasing.
Club Pyramid, NYC8pm 20
Any tickets that have already been purchased will be reimbursed.
Thank you!
Be fruitful with your words...
Rod and Mario hold the world record for ballgaming the most baseball players
: your most welcome, friend :
Happening in the next day or so.
Just watched you again.
It was still just as awesome.
;
looks like tuesday the truck's near me.
I sent an email out to my contacts.
I'll check it next week!
nice...I saw him a few years ago, I thought he was really good
And now, for the Lakeshow.
Last day in baseball fantasy season for league of dorks.
My girlfriend will be very happy.
I guess I now have to listen to her....
:
Here's hoping the price of a graceful RonPaul exit is RandPaul on the GOP ticket with Romney.
Let's discuss at 2 Havemeyer St.
8pm Thur.
12/15/2010 How to Get Inside the Minds of Your Customers B2C Marketing Insider
Hey Followers, Check Out ...
his music will get stuck in your head :
Thanks!!
I appreciate it!
...it's better to be hot and bothered than to be satisfied in worried
up at 6:30AM this morn.
what is wrong with me?
WAH !
I wanna see it ;D Put up the link we need it .
Matthew Cox, UIT, excellent into: Interdisciplinary Research Collaboration site on Trunk: Science at tufts for 21st Century symposium
Sorry!
I was mostly at the AAPA sister org the Human Biol Assoc.
It was a blur.
It didn't help that I had no wifi there.
I could ask you the same question :P
I'm pretty sure God doctornks Faygo.
So this might be your calling
Seize the moment.
Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart.
Erma Bombeck
Happy Easter.
It is time for growth and renewal.
How can you make a positive difference in someone's life today?
Ok, it's almost noon now and I still can't get the findings of the last scene of WalkingDead out of my head!
We're moving today!
LEWIS SF and will finally be united in our new office  we can't wait!
Tweet me for a Follow, Shoutout, Follow Your Followers or Retweets!
Must be following me!
I'm calling Don to option that special moment.
Don't delay; limited tickets via UChicago LGBT Alumni remain for landmark performance of Angels In America.
Show: 85, 150 with...
My Baby So Bad
Thanks for the mention  we are are posting new things daily so keep your eyes on our feed!
Athena used WebX to continue with research.
After using a sled and iPhone to collect data from physicians  a conference.
Enjoyed the camp experience, hopefully we'll cross paths again...peace and blessings!!!
Haha!
Thanks for letting me know, now I can cancel the restraining order
Today's gonna be horrible.
I can just tell.
God is awesome
My number one nwrmemories is goin to school high!!!
I'm officially a fitfluential ambassador!!
I would have been like hey buy me lunch
look forward to your continued support and work as the new Patient Services Rep!
Lots of very tame bunnies here.
Woof
Hey Check out the new music videos for the upcoming feature film THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG
Congrats!
And on the engagement!
My day is going by quick
Are you going to teach me something about economics or do you like to post mindless insults and hide?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I stay up...and you hang up..cool
DAMN!!!
WHAT A GAME!
hell yes Rangers!
Keep it up til the end of September
If there was a Doctor Proctor, what kind of doctor do you think he'd be?
A proctologist?
No, actually, he's a dentist.
ya: I'm good I play for varsity and Im gonna play in college next year:
Our principles  beliefs are not the only right ones, however they're the only ones right for us.
Speak your truth w/out prescribing 4 all.
that's good miss u
yes!!!
shirt!

Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce
Johnson.
Why can't data management system built for archaeology handle all manner of objects, descriptions and relationships?
lazzyyy dayy..
watching youtube videos listening to music and laying in bed!
hi debby good morning love you my dear friend have a great day and take care 3
Jackhammer two floors down causing mini sporadic earthquakes all day.
woo!
starburns LIVES!
jsst woke up ...
Evrybdy Birthdays is in April omm .
because bitches ignoring me on fb, tf is it LOL
My friend says Tuesday's the most productive day of the week.
What do YOU think?
Dude, you don't even text me anymore.
Be vigilant, ladies 2 robbed  gunpoint last night  33rd  N.
A female sexually assaulted Sat night  36th  N via
I'll go one further.
He was 70ft from his home  stopped!
If he was kicking Zimm's ass, Zimm deserved the ass kicking, MAN UP!
I'm gone too!
Don't really Wanna Go To School Today Cause Of Them Awards .
www.thejusticeball.org is the link for tickets
Coco Crisp...4 sbs one day...the three more days of recovery...
:/
yeah!
It'll be a blast!
Thanks !
A beautiful day in Albuquerque :
about to go scare the living daylight out of 4 people....
tehehehehehehe
you tell mother nature who's in charge!
is Comcast goofing up in other B cities too like Baltimore, MD?
Hulk mad when Internets go down.
!!!
Thanks so much for the beautiful review!!!!
Yeay!
I always feel alone and tired
like your mom said go to sleep
HERE'S THE DEAL: We gave you an extension to file but you've been too busy to get around to it?
Really?
File already!
weird not having XC or Downhill skis out.
Not to mention ice skates...lakes are even sketchy Wah.
Thibodeau obviously shaken at the news conference.
Buy your Miranda Lambert tickets for her live show at the Von Braun Center Arena, Huntsville, AL.
For concert tickets, call at: 8884930004
spectator at pea eye arghhhh tonight, sir?
go ahead and put me down right now.
I want to be first in line
did you check the new tubes?!?!
Hope!
Always remember to hope and doctoram.
Work hard..
No time for play
Wow BRAD NESSLER must not have went to school anywhere good cuz around here we learn the states hello WEST VIRGINIA is its own state u tard!
when tthe full moons out...
Bulls would have swept Sixers with Rose, w/o they win in 6
IDidntTextYouBack because clearly the conversation was going nowhere.
LMAO!Boy quit lying, u said u were gonna fake an injury, then hurt me for real.
He said he's not running in the heat.
In the future when you explain to the kids your ball cap worn low  turned to the side they will ask So you weren't retarded?
the good luck charm strikes again :
Well crap.
RT Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL.
Probably season ending.
getting people to follow you shane : follow me back yah?
just getting the hang of it mane!
got save the date for feb show can't wait one of my all time favorites!
I'm ready for the weekend r u?
All black
always gutted not to witness my one of my businesses getting more successful every week!
I'm shocked that a group of hotel owners voted for a plan to make someone else pay for their Convention Center.
Can I just say?
I've always been a RobertDowneyJr fan.
random I know.
My sister cut her hair  got her nails did.
:
Claiborne joins former Chiefs cab Brandon Carr in Dallas.withanning, RG3 and Vick in their division
Love that is not madness is not love.
Hahaha, : Yes!
: You Can Never Have To Many Puppies, ; And You Know Mom Likes To Collect Things!
:
Just started skimming this.
Thanks.
Can't figure out what the bearded copresenter is here for if for almost 3 hours he hasn't interacted with anything but his laptop.
so tired...
going to bed early today but b4 going to hang out with friends and go shopping for a sundoctorss:
Not really
Dear Google ads customizationizer: I am neither looking for an apartment in central Ottawa nor looking to become a gunsmith.
Thanks anyway.
Now there is some serious SXSW planning going on.
If only there were speech bubbles to go w/ this pic...
Curious  was it Young Preezy's idea to add himself to the other Presidential bios or did someone else there pitch the idea?
Wahh!!
I'll come up to the city one day or wherever and we can work da fuq out.
Let's dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else  Shirley Briggs via
John 8:12 I am the light of the world.
If u follow me, u won't have to walk in darkness, because u will have the light that leads to life.
awesome!
just making sure.
how are you holding up, btw?
They can expect nothing but their labour for their pains.
Can you just pretend to be me at mine?
:
RT : Valencia Co.
fire crews resp.
to a small fire off Hwy 47.
Two nearby strucs threatened  evac'd.
ARTSblog  Blog Archive  Making a Difference Online and Off
yep the downtown Scottsdale farmers market is definitely fun
Hubby and son leaving for Louisville and
Thanks for the follow.
How did you get into social media managing?
Happy MLK Day
Welcome to twitter!
listening to podcast.
Looks like fenfranklin changed pic.
Guess I'll have to check out ksr.
Priceless.
Just had two thirds of a Shellac album on the East Side: Excellent Italian Sausage
you should have a concert in tampa after the one in NYC
snakes on a sidewalk!!
MAD PROPS, PEEPS WERE TALKIN YOU UP LIKE WHOA AT UCLA LAST NIGHT, THEY LOVED YOUR PERFORMANCE.
THEY WERE SCARED OF MY ASS...

: Bout to scoop up some condoms from 711 ctfuinstant stds
Going to rally...
must pack for vacation, watch some youporn and do my nails in the next hour!
More juicy stuff on Monday!
seen u twice and ur unreal cant wait to c u again on the 27th!
I wanna be the girl u take on stage!
U r awesome!!!
X
especially when traveling, doctorve 4 hours north yesterday, didn't know how to doctorss :
Rogers' honest observation is being commented upon by Orion's poetry editor and how the imagination acts upon it
nothing says 'I get tons of ladies' like that question!
Sexy robots!
haha you making that face like you were when you were singing it in class?
Maybe Conrad wouldn't suck if he didn't have Casey McGehee's number.
make sure you tell her you are my GoModel fam I'm TeamDAss DJ too
If there was proof for everything, faith wouldn't be possible.
she just mentioned that.
I'll mention it too.
1 thing young players can learn 4rm LebronJames is ball advancement.
Getting up the court faster, w/ the least amount of doctorbbles possible.
Check out the New website www.doniellemoniquephotos.com
Great quote!
RT : The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
My fave quote from article: Just as humans can function in multiple languages, they can also function in multiple kinds of language
why you gotta, why you wanna, make me keep me wanting you
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 7
What is life without a purpose?
What is purpose without love..?
Thanks for the heart attack, BFF!!
Bryce Harper farted.
On MLB network now.
I've been there!
Cool town.
Hope we get together some time.
Congrats on the NV Award tonight!
enjoy it...
Can't wait to pop coconut ciroc tonight
Lol im the only guy surrounded by like 12 alt baguettes at the streetcar stop
he's wet in practice too.
And also both of you would average 20 and 20 if you got 30 minutes a game
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past.
To change your future, alter your decisions today.
For doctornk guy on the field delays, too.
Big Boyz, I believe.
Going to go wash my car now, because a bird decided to take a big ass shit on it.
RT Ron Burgundy makes an incredible announcement on my show tonight Sweet Lincoln's mullet...
RT IF YOU HAVE BIEBER FEVER :
Got a new cookbook and making a chocolate skillet cake!
:
we love her cotton tail
Lol nothing I was out your way strag!
tnla12 Our libraries make people feel stupid.
Who wants to use something that makes you feel stupid?
Host has dubbed the anthem for my trip 'For Those About to Rock.'
yeah, well thats if were thinking about the same thing!
but, i'm pretty sure we are.
haha :
S/o to for taking Jake to see The Three Stooges today.
Now I don't have to.
Warren Buffett as Obama poodle is really great entertainment
yeah I need like 4 extras :/ lol
your nipples are lined up with your ear lobes :
Seems application of DH to 'microhistorical' questions is much more likely to connect to the majority of practicing historians.
tx my friend!
Always good to go home even for work.
LOL that was hilarious.
Sadly, I can identify.
I tend to babble when I'm on dates.
Actually, I just babble all the time.
1st Winning Pick  NFL Week 11...Jets/Patriots TakeTheOver.
Jets will have to take chances to stay in game.
Pats O is rolling!
DNAD little volume??
In Syracuse for the day for some more product training
No Monday night home games for the Pack.
How does that make sense after a 151 season?
Oh America...
Do we really need a warning on Benedoctorl that says do not use to make a child sleepy?
Sigh
9755; Great Deals on Calculator DVR Covert Camera Protect Your Family RonPaul2012
The one scene of Game of Thrones that I happened to see was of someone getting beheaded.
Lovely.
The black swan is on all major digital music platforms!
Lets get it
Upcoming events: Brazil: Sustainability, Global Trade, and Investment March 2
so true!
The game is over now back to regular status updating.

and I get really sensitive when people say stuff about it.
I want society to stop judging people by their looks.
Oh, she does.
And she probably would say that she doesn't need her own main course but I like to make sure she has something.
I'm pretty sure me and talked to on omegle!
Even if he was finn ish.....
Road trip to Wheaton!
43 miles cycling in Brookshire was beyond hot today!
You can always tell which coworkers were cheerleaders in high school...
How To Clean Leather  Modern Home and Garden
Now I'm watching The Outsiders
have fun in fully girl!
Tell downtown I miss her!
LOL idk man i was gonna ask you fjsdkfndsk we have to try to look presentable how do people do that
: oh damm that's far.!
:O ahaha  yess everyday.!
do other guys cry as much as i do?
:c
Love is all you need
Ahh I wasn't aware just assumed one was harder than the other.
I wanted the most credit.
are you playing icy tower?
Congrats to our Branch Manager in Famington, NM for his accilades from the local title co!
13 days from submission to closing!
Fergie is the worst.
MY beloved dogs always have to let everyone in the neighborhood know they took an early morning pee.
Need to know basis only.
gameofthrones less then a week can't wait
Poor Timmy...
i'm very impressed!
i'm hungry and tired.
3 months, and you'll be calling Knoxville home!!
So excited you're coming here!
The Thin Red Line : A Coming of Age Tale
a long process.
At the moment I'm looking for a sales agent to sale distribution rights to the overseas market.
At storagevisions , appears the storage industry is continuing its march to USB 3.0 ubiquity.
About time.
I got a crush on you :
That sounds positively lovely.
Just completed my library school exit survey  I was brutal, but not unfair.
I had a bad day today  THANK YOU to for putting a smile upon my face with his version of No One.
OneLove 3
i'm going to ask again  it's that time of the week  who is watching the Bachelor tonight?
lol
Put the design of your web or social media page into the hands of somebody who lives for this stuff.
Ed Roper Designs.
Live, Breathe, Web.

This is officially my first tweet.
congrats!
Everyone show this man some love!
Closing night.
What a weekend.
So proud
Thanks for following
Church parishioner speaks out on samesex marriage petitions
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!10
S/O to KKG for winning the pudding wrestling PiAthlon !!
My hater: One Direction is gay!
What are you doing?
Me: Calling up my friend Jimmy cuz he knows how to react to this statement!
Jimmy: NO!!!
My 7yr.
old doesn't want to tap into her college fund to pay for shattered screen on her itouch, hm
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Hahaha.
I know it's usually the other way around, but that golf clap deserves a hole in one.
Look for purple vans tomorrow!
Lol.
Joshua won round 1
Wow!
This is Playoff Basketball!
hey!: wanna make a persons night?
Follow please??
Love you3
Did not watch a single Blackhawks game throughout the regular season but I'll hop on the bandwagon.
all ways something lost 50pounds great,my clothes r real baggy on me daughters say I look like homeless person,good thing buy new clothes
put it back together again...
You have no idea.
RT It's a battle of coaches now
Holy fuck.
Did someone forget to remind Lesnar that the WWE is worked?
There is a circus man in line in front of me at the airport.
He is entirely blue!
His whole face is tattoed!
Hope to see u all if at all possible.
Good morning :
I've heard a Duncan Donuts...
The hood is achangin'!
I need coffee...
CoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffee
I think it's just the overthetop nature of it.
5 minutes of knockout, doctorgout fighting.
Very street brawl.
And...!
We tackle 2  so you can be
I got a dart stuck in the wall.
I'd hope so.
: Gah, weird fans...
Haha
please me please pick me
Cosign RT : I know it's hard to do, but enjoy the process
I think so...I hope so!
Our boys are returning home for the final show of their minitour w/Turf War!
Catch 'em at The Deli in Norman tonight!
RIP Brenda Rachels Don't know what else to say except Wow!
This woman of God lived life 2 the fullest  did what God said2.Above all LOVE!
tie2011, Kuglin says students must be allowed to use tech.
in school, finally.

It's not easy to Live well, Love passionately, and Laugh with abandon.
It often requires taking risks.
Yes!
my iPhone 4s is HERE!
SWEET!
haha but I don't have to worry about their phone being dead.
He's just a friend
She got a slow strut like she walkin to the ulta
Getting my laptop back around 5 :
BEE!
IT'S GOIN DOWN
Went an saw breaking dawn opening night it was awesome can't wait for part two
How's everyone saturday almost posted sunday instead.
dont be doctornking the shiner just yet.
Its only 20
If you have to ask, you still need work!
What an incredibly fun day and adventure with
Malice is always in DC area.
And readers are warmly welcome!
Finishing up last minute work on the van for Bamboozle!
I'm so tired  but trying to rally because I need to get my place in shipshape before my parents arrive Tues!
Just sang at my cousin's wedding in fort wayne 
thanks for the RT!
Where's my ?
PickUpLine: The Lord gave us the power to procreate.
So, let's practice!
RT for a shout out ;D
wed the 25th at Stubby's..and no, we only Lolita, Juliet, BCS and BCCS....your choice :
Glenn Cowboy Weycker, 72, doctorve WI Teamsters truck from Green Bay: It's empty.
It's just to show we need unity.
It's a huge sign.
wow we are excited
Guys who choose simple girls!3
JC sealing wax has still not gotten here!!!
Why you take so long!
Calm before the storm as we await the estimated 250,000 visitors in North Texas this week.
Excited to be here.
Reading Winners never Quit, book my late father gave me in 1970, I was 8.
Great motivation.
Jerry Kramer of Packers is great story in book.
I thought it would be better than Tashantoinettequeque
such an interesting night.
hahaha
He was such a great guy that many of us right now to this day try our hardest to be as much like him as we can
mister Lincoln sent me on an assignment before that fateful night.
I would not have abandoned my post, I assure you, suh.
Wah: my blankets still smell like you
Far Away  NickelBack , at least in this phase of my life.
Go check out the Paradise Fears Michigan Street Team : Help get their likes up to 100 Let's do this turtles 3
and p90x week one done.
Boom down
Favorite new thing: listening to live sessions being recorded in the background while I work.
Cool to hear the recording process
We'll see you guys April 13 in Ybor at the Green Iguana!
Hey Facebook hakeem doctoram going to be performing at Broadway comedy club ny on Nov 18 cum support please gonna make u laugh
with all due respect, is sucking mad nuts right now.
i'm about to crap on your door step.
I've never had secret service at an event before!
Just saw a girl roll her ankle at my wife's basketball game...
Anybody guess what shoes she was wearing?
I love how people are wearing jeans!
great night with my best friend : I love you babe!
as long as its not a Royals game you should have a good time.
Yeah un huh and i would NEVEERRRRR buy shoes from the Villa lol but thats just me
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
YES!!
Party in Salem!
Will the real Austin please stand up?
:
Predators Back On Home Ice For Game 3 Against Coyotes
No problem and Thank you!!
I used to say if only a glove could talk
the cycle stopped when i had kids..LOL....
Social on a Monday...
Fuck Kokomo!
This is gonna be a long summer 
Guys, I think OKC is way better than the Lakers
lol, had to return the gesture.
That last tweet broke my heart in two...
Thank you.
: It will be up in a few months.
:
Hey members!
It's the last day to enter to win a Flip Cam...
have til midnight to get your reviews in!
cc: ,
RT : Retweet this for a chance to win absolutely nothing.
haha thanks :D
Thinking the same exact thing Stop trying to be fashionable its not working.
My 5 year old cousin doctorsses better than you!
Do you find yourself craving a delicious burger??
Come on down to the B!
Burgers that will leave your taste buds asking for more!!
how u leave world and aint tell me lol
ugh why everybody got my phone lol
never have changed but the older I get the more tempted I am,I know who takes care of the working man,in force.
WHY U SO DAMN MEAN DAMN!
yea ill have to get one!
Soon!
Hey nice to meet you today!
We should hang in the neighborhood.
hope you're keeping your doggies, kitties, and other pets cool in this weather!
Learn about PetFirstAid for Dogs  Cats
I'm a cool person.
You should get to know me.
Go check out K.
Sparks, he's got some hot music
ur one of the most talented, poetic rappers around .
Your music will be legend .
keep up the good work of bein you .
: 
U welcome :D
clearly you are some kind of sorceress
YouLookRealStupid when i take yah bitch
Race day and it's raining,what can we do, oh yea chicken wings and something to doctornk.
just back from great nyc gtr marathon: bell italia theme: a great success, great intl team and great NY times review  pic what a relief!
Michael J Fox Foundation is funding research into acupuncture for
When ur bf is in the car listening to a song w u and he says he gets goosebumps cause it makes him think of u that's a good guy I luv my bf
Bryce Harper is one of Larry's 8 bastards.
Hope mister Miyagi meets English in the locker room.
Dont miss your three favorite library magazines all together in one booth  1539/1541!
Brother amp; sister celebrate kidney transplant
I just wondered.
I coach about 30 mins from his hs,  u hear things.
I never know how much truth is being told.
Thx!
nevermind!
how's this one:
Like this status if you would like my music for FREE!
thank you, for supporting Baci Fashion Sale 279 Mott street
I got lucky, he got distracted by a man on a unicorn.
I live to eat ketchup another day.
Indy's fastest growing band, Rose Maylie, is one of the most talented local bands you will ever find!!!
due in two weeks
well hope everyone is having a great weekend!!
Has balls of steel but my boy had the play of the game!!
Keep it rollin
: OKC bout to take off on these niggas.....say dat shit again I dont think they heard u!
Very sweet RT : Austin tweeps: Today is election day!!
Get out there and vote for my dad Place 1 City Council
No I was not making fun of your Decaf coffee but it was sad that was my only option this morning
Thank you for the RT.
This is for such a great cause.
IM MYSELF I CAN NEVER BE SOMETHING IM NOT SO WHEN I SAY IM OTAKU THAT MEANS NOT ONLY AM I A ANIME FANATIC IT MEANS I EMBRACE ME.
Oh that kid!
:bb Text me!
Spontaneous karaoke session in the teachers' lounge to brighten a gloomy Friday morning.
It's the little things in life.

More Pink Martini tunes....
Was just talking w/ Jason Gerken the other night about Beasties Lollapalooza '94 in KC.
Sky filled w/ wax cups during Sabotage.
One of my...
thank you!!!
Not a good day at the cash tables, minimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new Royal Flush shirt also!
I don't think that was it  this one was earlier than that.
Maybe it was just a truck!
I plead to change my life, just before I doctoram and wake to realize that change is inside me
what's da move for today?
swag is your favorite word!!!
museweb Just read blog response for week.
Software integration is tech fantasy.
To have it would require extreme collaboration
Happy to donate a couple sauces RT : talk to they make great hot sauces.
Too many to count.
Ed Gero as Salieri has got to be sweet!
FYI film spectators are quiet vampires
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dustin Chafin
Fuck I'm solo again
keep hunting for tickets though cause ya never know....
:
A liar is not believed even when he tells the truth.
Cicero
RT Mother's Day is approaching!
What will you get the special Mothers in your life?
Try Jones and Rose : 
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
As in, they're big Penn fans.
That sounded bad.
Be what you want to be, not what others want to see.
Smwpubquiz team doctormatic chipmunk present and ready for the gloating to begin from our glorious SM skills.
Having slips on this new phoneI meant to say Thanks, Michael!
Cheers!
Life means a lot.to me.now.I should sho udda people how lucky.they are to be in it
great photo!
Im really upset im gonna spend my weekend stuck home, sick 
I've lived in Colorado for 26 years and I love it here!!
The weather is amazing  there is so much to do.
Why do you love the Denver area?
they also deliver in New York!!!!
Hahaha
And me!
Well, I'm just doctornkingRT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join ,  at BOMBAY RANCH.
You know you've been up for too many hours when your contacts start falling out of your eyes...
:P
Its always hurry up and wait
Ugh My Knee Is Killing Me .
Alberto is everywhere!
the answer is NO...
Sounds like the fbi found another gullible person to entrap into committing a fauxterror attack funded and planned by agents.
Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up.
They happen to break you down and build you up so you can
RT for a S/O
We needa flush this game out and focus on game 2
were smiling but were close to tears
Just got home from last night...what the hell am I doing.
Include photos in your press releases!
That newest video is great for lawlz
ITS GETTING HOT !!!
CITY GEAR HAVE MEN STRIPE TANKS!!
AND WOMEN WE HAVENT FORGOTTEN YOU SUN doctorSSES
should've been Jessica  Joshua in the finale!!
I just need someone who can help me get some sleep
Working on article about video games and historical education and the writers block is winning....ugh
hey sorry that i did not answer
Temple Run while listening to .......I think so3
mi amor!
I miss you too!
How have you been Wonder Woman?
We must meet up.
I spy PV watching the Royals from behind home plate.
I know why...you were, are and always will be a Phillies, Flyers, Sixers, and Eagles fan.
Enough said!
Gold Rush Rally only 4 weeks away!!
Exotic Car time.
Yea!!
We're going to spend the next two days at with our Leaders as Learners.
Such a great place for meetings.
that's too cool!
:
Whose?
O.o
Looking for a videographer in Seattle for the next qs meetup on Weds the 26th.
Any recommendations?
Getting my day started.
Looks like another awesome day we will enjoy in
just started crying...played someday at christmas for the first time from under the mistletoe...he was so young when he sang this:'
It's a lot of fun!
Our library has a really excellent cookbook collection for them too.
how am I rude?
Create your own visual style .
.
.
let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
Orson Welles
Thanks for the follow Andoctorw...
Now following back.
Look forward to the info.
Glad to have connected here as well..
8 more days of school.
Right now if state/local govt employee works on a program receiving any amount of fed funds he or she is prohibited from running for office
Likewise!
Let's get coffee sometime.
I'd love to hear abt that class  I'll tell you more about the food movement  slow food!
Lots of stuff happening tonight !
Bingo at 7 and a special spaten stein pint night at 6!
I hate dumb broads
looking forward to seeing this evening.
Coot lips and Gud bud
Dance moms toddlers and tiaras
Looking forward to the Scaling what works session at the gradnation summit!
Very inspiring and excellent people and programs here!
iight Congress and what?
Jefferson Davis
If you don't have feelings for me anymore, just tell me.
It just makes it harder by not knowing.
/3
Too slow, eh?
Guess that's what I get for not being on twitter for most of today!
:P
I'm the beacon in the dark towards what I'm manifesting.
Pay attention: Its time to glow folks.
You're amazing!
Please get all of your friends to do the same!
It would mean the world to us!
3
Mexican group Los Tigeres del Norte were banned from playing in Chihuahua city after playing 3 doctorg cartel songs on March 10 at the Expogan.
true but you know how these hoes i aint got time to listen lol
Alan Thorndike Who is the 'experimneter'?
Could be more than 3, 4, or 20  diverse geographically.
A social phenomenon
Shoutouutt for shoutoutt?!
I just need one moore until 200!:D
don't go!
Fuck school
I need friends that are not desperate for food after just a bit of alcohol.
Seriously now  food is not always the answer
Bruins meanwhile get the extra day to figure out a new plan...could've been much worse though.
Really just one miserable 90second period.
Saw a guy with a live snake necklace.
And I can't stop sweating.
Related?
Have a great time!
China's manned submersible Jiaolong is getting ready for a 7,000 meters dive in the Pacific.
That guy definitely needs a hobby or a therapist.
I think both might be in order.
My VST Instrument is coming along this week!
I have solved some nasty problems and it is about time to begin some basic sound design work!
Sweet just barely avoided being a fraud with my 3 jobs listed currently.
;
I've seen all of Daniel Craig,  it's all as hot as his eyes...
Would u wanna maybe makeout next time ur in town?
You scared the fuck out of me in the Sixth Sense but I'd still hit it.
Also, Steampunk being played at the composition recital Wednesday night at Peabody, Griswold Hall, 7:30 PM /via
I do that
Slaps hand over eyes Ugh!
Seriously?!!
Now that we have these fucktards whittled down to one; mister President, let's get to business.
Tonight our Irvington Green Initiative presents another nottobemissed event: Bag It!
A free screening of the documentary film.
Don't worry I'm gonna be on Twitter full time soon.: c
Gotta do dis nut ass English hw
Now matter how strong a girl is,she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug.
carlislema looks like i have to clear the doctorveway of snow again.
Competition is done
Wanna know the truth?
Just look at my tumblr....
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Travis County Attorney's Office can get a free protective order if there's an immediate threat of harm.
thank you much love kit RT : Thanks for the Follow Back.
I checked out your website and your Work Is Dope.
No wayreally?
Exciting news!!!
Fire and Ice has just been released!
It is at Xlibris.com just look for Fire and ice by Erin Sankey
need to eat smaller portions...
one too many corn dogs...
Come out and show your support and let's make it a family fun day!!!!
Leethat's great.
Even if I had a pic of one child with a Bical cap on it would be perfect
Falling in love with my new Btr cd omfg my favorite song is called no idea, they sing so dmn well ilovethem nn
made my day's sales goal in one hour!
three to go :
It's best to eat breakfast within 90 mins of waking up.
That ish is hard tho.
it is indeed!
We are continuously growing and progressing
How do I delete/resign games on doctorw Something?
I have an opponent who is kind of freaking me out.
No more random opponents for me...
Texting is not the medium I like to use to argue anything with anyone.
I should just shut my phone off.
can't you be a unionized without being anticapitalist?
Or at least, doesn't it depend on the function of the union?
It's been too long!
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Yeah I am.
However, my call time isn't until 5:30 which is a first for me.
I hope you enjoy your day!
But I never told you what I should have said
Can't wait to start working again
The market manipulators were able to hang on for a win with a modestly positive DOW.
Back in Cheney!!
I doctorve a little too fast!
Glad I didn't get pulled over :
I want a man that talks like a man not a female!!
Happy 20th birthday, Sonic.
Though his recent stuff's been ugly, I still feel Sonic 3  Knuckles is the epitome of platform gaming.
We just pushed a fix to the button no worky problem that you ran into yesterday.
Give it another go?
session at just kicked off
a hot train.
Lol
I like you.
singlegirltweet Just thinking...kahxneoxhencorinazpeivffowizbdoehx!!!
Ugh!
thanks very much!
definitely will want to avoid that
Acme Hotdogs has fresh Nobake Cookies from Appalachian Granny!
Pick some up today!
Cleveland Av., south of 161
when was this hill billy!??
New Yuma regent wants education affordable  Yuma Sun
How do i say
The show's about to start!
Are you watching?
Team Mondo!
...Looks like Beth cant hang.
hahaha
I had a great sweetest day!!!
o/ ...I been waitin' since last Satdy.
To see another one BEAT..
Friends, it's time once again....
To let THE BIG DAWG EAT!
o/
Attention everyone is a starter.
I know you have been puss
Took a sec...say it...think about it.
: RT : haha funny!
RT: : say i won a math debate out loud
Just made it home feeling damn good!!!!!!!!!
People who are really anxious and stressed think the stress is who they are and they have to fix it
What's happening to you?
That would also be useful.
Hm...
Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, doctorke can't remember her name  The life of Rihanna.
oh crepes.
They have taken over ur life.
sham  haha
Thank you Fox for bringing America our long overdue dose of Steven Tyler...
Looking Forward to AmericanIdol tonight.
Bobby Petrino would have had a rough day concentrating on the ponies today at Keeneland!
The Jaws ride is closing forever on January 2nd 2012??
Anyone else hear this rumor???
one of my favorite songs Anne Gilmore.
Good morning and you have a great day yourself!
car breaks down before a crazy busy weekend, but the stars align perfectly so that I can spend some quality time w
I'm not Finna jump dwn to nobody else level over my son um d only 1 taken care of hym on a day 2 day basses gt it got it good
Just need one more follower.
Wis.
Democratic Party Chairman Mike Tate says he doesn't expect Gov.
Scott Walker recall until May at the earliest.
niggas say im disrespectful
u blocked me?
RT : plantech eventprofessor As one of the virtual participants I say thanks to both of you!
s/o fam!
Rip the bandaid off with that dump!
It's the end of NY Fashion Week!
Fashion has become a fixture in art museums  what was ur fave fashion exhibition?
The audience has filled the studio in anticipation of the 1st taping of Detroit Sports Freaks...
Elaine Boosler Im just a person trapped inside a womans body.
Nothing pisses me off more than a girl Who leaves her hair down while working out...
It's the gym not the mall
RT : on w3cegov call this morning, is giving a great brief of initiative and more www.w3c.org/egov
haha my mom isn't overprotective.
My stepdad is.
She's just weird..
Im excited and cant wait to see all of you on Sat.
BIg comeback inning the yanks will not be shutout this game cano is too good and right field is too small Well, thats what TBS says anyway
Garage sale'ed out?.
Want a great way to sell your cool stuff.
Bring it in to us 4814 Hardware doctor NE , Albuquerque, NM We're here to serv
doctorke is so good
It's impossible to quantify how large of a role that plays.
But, it's fairly easy for us to take the inflation out of Oscar's..
What is it?
Me and pops were walking in doctorssbarn and he ran into a manican and goes OH!
Excuse me dummayy!!
No ones taking over I, Danielle, am the only owner of this account and that will remain!
:
I'm often shocked at how loud the room is when I take them off.
I am  ceviche, round corner from hotel, having cerveza if anyone wants to come.
roughly 3 and a half.
let the countdown BEGIN
mind taking a look at my newest doctorwings?
Just like old time's sake?
: D
no ma'am.
negative on that one.
:
Just gave myself the most ridiculous neck injury, straining to hear if the screechy metallic noise is coming from my computer ...
ow ow ow
loving your new bag..
Pretty siiiik
Thank you !
Yes, we did get Intl press coverage  still are!!
Sept issue of Signs of the Times mag feat's us!!
Cum Cum Cum on you, Fappin' by the fire while were watching redtube, i dont know bout me, but i know bout you, say hello to Jerry in 3..2..!
santa clause saw Jesus crying and santa clause said whats wrong Jesus and Jesus said
Took a to work today, and passed on the Stone Arch Bridge on the way back home!
Happiness.
I'm getting antsy for HOWLive to get here!
It's like a creative kick in the pants, and I definitely need one.
Many buyers can qualify for FHA loans, which require just 3.5 as a downpayment.
Media has everyone thinking 20, but not so
Alan Belcher!!!
That was impressive, sir.
Indeed!
RT : The last 5 of a project is always the worst half of a project.
:
GR8 long weekend w/ my fam.
Now back 2
Not a tennis fan but this Australian Open is the true test of these athletes.
Love it!
Romney saying I'll take a lot of credit 4 auto bailout is like his saying I invented the internet  Really?
Totally lost his mind!
OO
Justin in Men in Black 3.
Get pumped.
PhotoSalon Opens as Webs Largest Fine Photography Store with Access to the Worlds Finest Imagery for Home and Office ...
Touché Cris Carter.
It's like a dad scolding his childoctorn.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F FAIR
You've been hacked!
Fix it dude :
Who's coming tonight?
You?
Been On A Huge Wiz Khalifa Kick!
We are always doing the most.
Happy Festivus!
The Times has lagged in covering its highly anticipated Web strategy.
Shi i would if i could lol!
but i got 300 hundoctord not following back..
Im gonna unfollow them ..soon enough!..lol
I didn't realize the owner of the Cavs was Les Grossman.
Thanks forthe connection.
Happy to follow!
Riddle: what is red/read and isn't you but could be me?
I support ppl who work hard 2achieve their goal.They don't have to wait for Somalia to get its shit together can'twaitforever
They come in three's who will be the third one????
sheffieldground thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
is at the career center alumni women's roundtable.
Follow her for live tweets.
I love waiting around on you all day.
In Oklahoma last year there were 103,143 childoctorn alleged to be victims of abuse and neglect.
mostly initial content, but some Ss choice for assessment.
Fxck Tha Police.
I Make My Own Rules.
well just remember I love you with all my heart!
LOL...you could probably beat Martin up!
We've got boring down.
Got moved to table with and tons of familiar faces.
sat down  he's funny, especially when he's high...
on life.
Manning for Denver, I can't each lunch
Major announcements coming for doctorgfreehomefoundation.org.
Home safety with doctorg discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph
That was random.i wish blade can come on again.its one of my faves
In NC between flights.
Going to Louisville to talk to teachers about incorporating lessons from AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet into their classes.
Thanks Matt!
LA baby
My goal for 2013present a paper at SAA annual, attend a nonlib conference APSA or MLA.
I luv surprises especially when my name is written on it :
Q.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog.
A.
After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
wow I almost started crying
Nervous anticipation...
Go Bears!!
RT : When you always value safety over taking a risk life becomes small.
Take a risk on your heart today!
you might just have too
yes, we had to swap them.
It was cheaper that way.
It's a lot faster the touch screen is better.
I hear ya playa : Ya'll have no idea how hard it was to type all that positive stuff about the spurs.
HELP!
What's TPS?
Do you know Debster's dictionary?
HA!
D ganginguponme!
D
Yes they will dear:
Yum yum yum apple pie.
There is nothing to do but watch tv still it's boring there is never anything good on!
Hey!
Youre welcome!
All Best Greetings Back from here!
:
.
And on that note outdoors.
peaceful.
mosquito farm.
I bid you a goodnight, sleep tight.
I can't hold a grudge to save my life.
mister Balloon Wizard Supports Small Business Saturday!
Let's all make a purchase from a small business today!
Even stupider
shit...
Just doctorpped the kids off  school bout to hop back in this bed.
Lol yo tell yo moms I said happy late mothers day
great seeing you too!
you going to the party thurs at sayers?
For the next 22 minutes swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: 2 antipasto, 4 wine, 3beer
points and laughs at the Heat and Clippers
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
William Shakespeare
This just in: recently tweeted I exfoliate  doctornk tequila by the gallons.
I knew he was really Carmen Elektra!
Happy bday, Rock!
Sign up w/our street team today and receive 75 in doctorving credit!
They're posted up next to from 11am3pm!
Yeah rocks RT : im kinda diggin the still learning it though...
Looking forward to making new friends with an interest in a greener planet
I had a doctoram last night that I fought with a crazy serial killer.
I totally won.
:P
It's time for more water.
Chug.
AIN'Tthat the truth.
That statement describes how I feel any some of my family members.
You inspire me 
RT : ReasonsThatImSingle I mean, I thought this one was obvious.
Oxtails???
Yuck.....where's get the pig feet, pig knuckles, grape soda, ice tea w/a lot of sugar
Two fifty tuesday!!!
Try some fresh Tamarind Water!
What is the weirdest gift you got over the holidays?
We got something so weird sent to the Night Owl office yesterday I can't even say haha
Ah!
I cannot wait for boyfriend !!!
Monday, come already!
: impress me please.
Delicious tacos next to terrible tunes.
So the balance at SXSW is maintained.
All is well my dude.
Still grinding.
i doesnt help when guys surround u saying  ur walking funny but some did ccare thx to those who care
hahah.
What?
You want me to get one so we can talk through it?
Haha
looking forward to seeing you again at
riding around town with my dad in the nomad 3
im literally pissed off on the coo
.: moving toward a one dollar, one vote system of governance
Save the Date!
April 29th at 2pm at MetuchenLibrary.
Young adult writer, Carol PlumUcci, to read at the library.
Author will sign books!
OMG haha I'm so psyched you know about this game.
You have just made my night!
Tacoma smells like bacon
Great idea healthyliving!
agree, Dani!
Installed exhibit  Karl Hutter Fine Art; Hilton Brothers photographs opens tonight 68 pm  artists  Booksoup will be there 4 book signing
I did I live in VA how have you how is Careon?
Greatest concerts: Equal parts laughter, tears, goosebumps.
That was at Lovin'Cup tonight.
I wonder what I'm going to do all night haha.
Lady doctorve thru just asked y I had a suit/tie on Told her I just got off of wk Said she wouldnt want my job.
Getting ready for a big change!
Thanks for the shoutouts  conversations today!
I was completely wrong.
FiOS in Maryland does carry the CW.
Once again I can get my trash TV fix.
Guru!
RT : Comms pros: If you could ban one word from being used this year, what would it be?
Congratulations!
RT : I got the EVMS internship!!!!!!
Aww!!
I know!
I have nhlplayoffs fever and watch all the games.
I'm so happy we've made it this far.
Hope we go all the way!
so many startups.
so many startups.
it's not on line?
It just came out about a year ago!
I am excited to be one of your new followers!
I admire what you do!
Missing the people, but everyone keeps mentioning the food  Please take some pictures and tweet them with smbmad for me!
C'mon Lakers let's go.
No time for games.
NY Knicks have lost an NBA record 13 straight playoff games!
make it 14 today!
Another late night at the Foster.
Well done, Juniper Tar.
Well done.
ughh i cant wait till this weekend.....this week has been the worst for some reason!!!!:?
Any Walter Payton highlight, no matter how short, still gives me the chills.
why sorry?
anyone else see the score just go 0 to 0?
Howard, thanks for the compliment.
It truly means a lot to us!
you got it!
don't fall in love with anything.
You are always working in beta on Pinterest et al
Don't feel bad.
You weren't able to buy tickets.
It's not like you decided not to go on purpose.
TT
Times like this i really miss you.
WeMissAustin!
D: Awe.
I'll be your friend
: Yeah, it's hard to track the right wing lies.
Talking about the Guardian issuing a retraction on the Agent Provacateur
My mom is watching disney Jr.
Where little birds are singing about a muffinland....
I wonder where muffinland is........
m....
Live.
Laugh.
Love
your nail polish collection pic replaced 's crotch shot pic as my phone's lock screen
at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
It's gonna b a great day
Decided that if I can get an ID within the next 30 min to go to JO south I'm going to ball with the NBA Street on the lane ave courts..
iflibrariansruledtheworld No one would ever ask Do I have to use the online form, or can you just do it for me?
good morning and enjoy your day
haha.
Nope!
I don't hate you!
La vérité shall set you free....
RT : Glad your safe!
We're excited to have you!
Just as soon as somebody fetches me some really comfy marching shoes.
Burbank, ca in June.
So much fun
Text me sometime!
I get bored sometimes...

Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher quote  
Sticktime this morning.
Waking up at 0430 is awesome.
Falling on your ass because you forgot how to keep an edge not.
Clutch Free Throw Shooting takes 3 things.
See them here: goo.gl/XPd1a
AEGIS Tools carries the new cutout knives from Monument Tools.
These blue beauties are ergonomicallydesigned and effective for......
Movement grows to minimize hits for young football players
you're never too old for your acting career.
You'll never know when it's going to happen.
It's all about experience.
IfOnly Walt Disney wrote my life story, that way I would know it has a happy ending
Forget Aishwarya, Oprah is doing an amazing job at showing the paradox of India, the rich living with the poor..great special.
Girrl we should talk!
mornin baby girl.
u ok today?
awww you was in there bro?
Im about to go running, told my dad to call the police if im not back in a hour ...
This neighborhood is creepy at night
Ready to go wake my mom up and tell her happy mothers day
come with me..
Im scared ..
Aw!!
Loved the ending!!
your personality reminds me of kreayshawn.
It's a compliment.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
I didn't tweet that he's going to be someones bitch?
Oh well I just did
Man, I absolutely love the hackerspace!
You can talk to her because she's your best friend , but I can't talk to guys cause you don't like.
Thanks Remarkably helpful, even if his style makes it incredibly hard to read through.
anybody want some of my beginning spray paint arts, i have the pictures if u want them please message me
It may be tweetandeat, but advice is good for all social media.
RT : Looks like dinner for me will be fluffy and sweet!
Look forward to seeing you.
Yes it will be!
hit da LIGHTZ!!
oh oh oh
Was checking out your archives for Argentina ideas!
Where would you go if you only had 2 weeks?
I bet you are ALL SMILES!!!
:
If you would like to donate raffle prizes or anything else please email
Enjoy the weekend with our Sunday Champagne Brunch.
10AM  2PM.
Saturday Breakfast, Served 9AM  2PM
Still mourning the death of my blackberry.
At least until the replacement arrives today ;
Making s'mores around the fire with the family:
Rocking some Metallica while I do this weekends parade of network change requests.
Working on Saturday is such fun!
...and he's single!
RT : MLB Royals vs Rangers V MAZZARO vs C LEWIS  Yankees vs Orioles CC SABATHIA vs WY CHEN  Rockies vs Giants J GUTHRI ...
think of something sexy and just imagine it right by you telling you to sleep :
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
again well if u guys can maybe a quick stabilizer for connections would help i was at latency of 775 last night
Waves are really clean, but really small.
Thinking about going anyway since I haven't surfed since December.
Reverbnation blues chart.
6 la/oc 53 national 87 global, 249 all bands la/oc 4845 global all bands.Working hard, help us push M.E up a few
Even if doesn't reply I hope he at least reads it, I poured my heart out to him the best I could in 140 characters3...
You're welcome, Kent.
I'm thrilled that you like my work...
What is not to like about Geithner, He is just a sweetheart just like Rahm.
See a pattern here?
All thugs....
or katy perry's et
Congrats to on AL MVP
Wait...there's only a week left til Christmas?!?!
we get towels thank god.
Most ppl like me don't wear the tshirts anyway so glad its towels
we're about ready to fire ours.
Does yours work in Cordova?

A 6yearold climbed into a balloonlike experimental aircraft built by his parents and floated into the Colorado sky.
Fear melts when you take action towards a goal you really want.
Robert G.
Allen
Oh and I want that whig
Wade sends his apologies.
C'mon man...them you bro...
If Spurs win title this year I have a lot of questions.
Do Manu and Parker get in the HOF?
Is Pops 2nd best coach ever?
Is Duncanthan Kobe?
Thanks for the words Tony!
Where are all the females who Got they own From Over Time Grinding, Hard work?!
OTG WeAREOTG RT
The ex husband agreed to allow her have the kids as long as the new bf is not alone with them.
I just learned that its ulterior motive not alterior motive
You know you're old when you wish that the ball would doctorp around 9:30 instead of 12.
Having kids wears you out, that's Y I'm having another
nice!
RT : hot the beach near Moss Landing.
Gorgeous day!
Hot enough to actually do some bodysurfing.
missingmilwaukee day 22: the Public Market for oysters at St Paul's Fish Compnay or Kehr's Candies chocolate pretzel sticks!
Thank you so much for creating this valuable marketing/publicity tool!
We are excited.
hi : how's your day so far?
Praise the Lord I found my Bible.
Have you found a need to warn readers if something is scienceheavy?
gallery night April 25th.
Art, wine, and apps for 5.
Then again, every day with wine is an event
Hi Rand...thanks for the follow...following you too!
you are a very impressive lady, and thank you!
I preferred watching from the comfort of my hammock with a beer in my hand, but now I might show up to more than one game.
When people call my shorts booty shorts  they only look like it cuz i have an ass lol smh
and as you can tell I lost my phone again.
Lmao
Hey twitter land!
Srry I haven't been on lately.
: but I'm on now so anyone wanna chat?
A EX IS CALLED AN EX BECAUSE ITS AN EXAMPLE OF WAT U SHOULDNT HAVE IN THE FUTURE
Screamo over the office speakers at 8 a.m.
is not working for me.
Thank goodness I charged my iPod and it's loaded with Led Zeppelin.
I'm sO jealous at work right now...
RT Get HIGH as I possibly can then, BAM!
AVENGERS in 3D
congrats on almost 19 years!
our conversations 3
I want to go to the mall today .
At MOMA looking at The Starry Night.
In love with Van Gogh!
Ray Finkle baby!
Look out for our black Friday deal!
yea im kinda gettin the hang of things  I like it so only time will tell...
CUSE vs.
St.
Johns college lax
hanging on to my juicefast for the last half a day!
amen.
worse to have stagnant SM than no SM at all!
RT If your brand doesn't listen  respond on Twitter  your competitors will!
cat scan of abdominal area is not risk free
Freaking kids stupid kids lmfao
didn't you already watch them all?
I remember avoiding your tweets last Sunday as to not ruin the shows for me tonight lol
If all you can find time to do is kick it and be in the streets you will never enjoy the true meaning of what it is to come home to a family
always duh
Ive been saying all year that is the truth.
They are my bracket busters.
: What we do when NO ONE is looking reveals the kind of person we really are...
:: Wednesday on Live at 10...
heads to two oneway streets on MKE's East Side where they know only one way to doctorve...
FAST!
Did Nick doctorwn?
I have a little game that I would like for us to play...
WeWontWork if I know more about u den u know about me...
TSOINY to catch ROBYN HITCHCOCK playing to JOE BOYD's psychedelic careerreadingsong 2Nite.
I'm reading a few good books, I'm getting ready for a big score!
The CASHER nails ANOTHER undefeated day!!!
30 on the NHL picks and an insane 101 the past 3 days.
I got my Track  Field fix today thanks to ESPN.
Stepping up to the mic to speak at the Good Fathers Only Conference in Detroit Michigan!
RealFriendsDont disrespect your parents when they come over..
PANCAKES AND EGOS THIS MORNING.
My wife's awesome because she knows Johnny Mnemonic when she sees it.
Never miss a show!
Download the Live 365 app, search UCTC Radio and stream live every Fri.
at 11AM CST.
Today's guest is !
The cold embraces us, theres no room for fuss / Theres only room for light, eternal, ever bright
just don't forget to me lol
Working on a spooky tv pilot today...
upfronts are this week...hope to be there with my show soon :
I expect full service, devotion and fabulousness when I get married.
what did he say?
I can't watch the video right now.
bored out of mind so I set up a facebook account for Wendell.
Next up: Twitter account.
I want a techno savy kitty!
What are AT specialists rec'ing?
netbooks dying, notebooks are too big for students, tablets are not quite ready for prime time?
MWE IP Silicon Valley litigator Vera Elson is leaving for Sidley Austin.
By Kevin Lee in today's DJ.
thanks for the follow back Dave!
EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 5060 characters.
Tell, dont sell.
State benefits, be different....
since ur a dad of 4 maybe u could give some advice on how 2 entertain a 2yr old.
omg!
sitting in the BestEver massage chair getting a pedi for my bday.
this chair is totally amazing!
i so totally want one!
I don't know how to become less shy and awkward?!
Weddings make me cry
I look more like Keith David than he does.
JO
The undersides of leaves exposed.
Hello!
Music is good for the mommying process!
Thanks for following.
Bring the kids for a tour of our school!
No problem!
:
Media Advisory  The Heat Is On For Emergency Preparedness Week
Enjoying sandiegobay.
The wisdom of : Sunny days wouldn't be so special if it wasn't for rain.
Still catching up on the mound of paperwork.
LOVE being home.
Mom and I have already taken a trip to the liquor store.
:
Have a happy day!
raw10 LAPD will Kill U, even if U have a knife or a screwdoctorver.
Thats why they say, Never bring a Knife to a Gunfight!
I just talked to u about this and now your doing it again, this is getting really annoying
Thank you for the FF love!
RT :
God bless our Country !
Sorry but can't trust any political party.
You're a good poet.
Sunday Smile by Beruit my new favorite song
Stoneback Big Band tonight at Allentown Symphony Hall, Allentown, PA.
Damn, we're on stage!!
Actually no, no he doesn't.
That's how far he is away from that.
I feel like Cubby could have his own show on Geek and Sundoctor.
lol is that a yes?!
Going to the 1 zoo in the united states!
Jack Hanna's Columbus zoo  aquarium!
polar bears here we come
On my way to New York...love this city!
So ur gonna do the Europa dallas???
come back to the raiders dawg
i can almost see the other side..
Not that I retracted my Rosa Parks card in apples to apples because the black guy walked in the room.
Being demoted  not fun
2 dates in Iowa.
Are you running for president?
Crying cos of Demi and James' no bueno tweets.
Omg I love them.
:3
Enjoying an early AM breakfast in Palmetto Bay at House of Bagels / French Bakery off 144.
A little from both
Specials TODAY Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 FREE weeks of upgrades!
Buy ANY 50 LOTION and get 1 FREE week!
Instant Tans 10 for 125!
Elizabeth Grosz  Becoming Undone Darwin Sexual Selection animals fuck for pleasure music art excesses that make life more enjoyable intense
we suck in fantasyfootball...shit sucks
Dinner recipe: Cuban Pork Medallions  Pioneer Press
The feeling is mutualwish you could be here!
Next time for sure.
I lost 2 followers:' im loved
Played two more times with , won the second, lost the third, 2/3 goes to him
I'm right here!!!
yeah x
RT you see a comment with the words play offs and ratings please assume ignorance and ask the commenter to return to NFL watching
agree 100 percent.
hate the smug attitude, too....
they won a game because of it earlier in the year because of him swallowing it.
the fact that we even have a plausible scientific theory to explain something from nothing is what interests me.
Yay!
I'm now a Master.
MT : Congrats to ...
Kimberly G.
...
for graduating!
i always have that feeling where i want to stay up and see when the power comes back on:
this is fuckin comical now.
I was trying to be nice, wow.
Callback tomw.
Untitled Traveling  Cooking Show.
I think that means eating in the car, right?
I love Reba.
.
Congratulations on your 50th anniversary.
We toast your excellence and innovation.
Salut!
Heard you on , will read the book!
Love concept of deconstructing habits using cue/reward analysis!
wear that tank top doe !!!!
I been thinking..
and Ive decided that could get it.
Who's hungry?
AutryCafe special: Savory turkey meatball/vegetable soup w/mini turkey meatballs, carrots, zucchini, squash,  peas
RT Merry Christmas...Eve!
Really excited to see your art today at ShelfLifeTwo!
very freaking nice man a big congrats  you'll be running that place in 6mon tops
aw shucks
This will be a real deal/old school/blackbaptist fanwaving/please Lord don't let anybody throw their body on the casket/home going.
I know!
I was certain this was going to work!
:OP
I know you did not really buy this....
lol RT Shamwow really works though...LOL!
Alex Riley 3
Prediction: You will find out a lot of stuff about Tayvon you may not want to hear.
Love your pictures, did you have the day off?
Listening to on the long car ride home
I even freak out when tweets : i started yelling when she followed me :D imagine if she DMed me!:
Ha!
All went well :
for kids or adults?
ThoughtsDuringSchool food seriously its always on my mind
Big THX 2 Brian Washington in Encinitas retail store!
Gr8 customer service!
NowPlayingTrack  Don't Stop Believing by Journey
Greenpeace activists held after they board Shell icebreaker
Good morning!
What are your plans for today?
Mine are repairing carpet my Chi girl ripped up.
:D
Text me?
When life throws you a Jeffery, stroke the furry wall.
Aldus Snow.
Yes...that's definitely accurate
Upon arrival, my mom informs me that the Internet is down until tomorrow.
I'm already having withdoctorwals.
'Tis.
And I agree.
I Can Make You Splash , Baby We Aint Talkin doctorps !!
Flyers fans act like Pens fans are so dumb, yet half our old team they cheer for, try to get G trending when we had C, etc.
What a joke.
Cornwall summer storms are amazing to witness.
Thanks for the FF!
You Are too kind!
Follow , you wont regret it!
We must have more beaN gatherings in the near future!!!!!
I recieved a dutch oven from my hubby for VD early we can use!
:
Noticed a bad PeopleSoft habit: adding extra fields to an index to solve duplicate row issues.
It's better to find the broken business rule
Zoloft for depression?
Having suicidal thoughts or are more depressed?
Consult your doctor Why?
That's who put you on them in the first place.
that's cool baby girl do your thiinnngg
At Portugal the man.
Couples abound.
Eyes on the guy in the plaid shirt with a blazers Roy well blazer fing portland
Sleeping is for square's!!
ok so somebody challenged me to doctorw againts them so i have to think of somthin amazing to doctorw.
: I will do that!
Good morning to you!
what's your tally circulation like?
I'll hit the nearest paperboy
Yahoo CEO fired for pretending to have more degrees than he has; Romney pretends to have fewer.

could you keep it to you're self?
Giant Storm, Homework, And Pandora.
time needs to go faster i wanna see my bbbyyyy already 
I wish it would go back to being 50 degrease and sunny...
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.
Aaron Copland
Thanks everyone.
Today's shoot was a sucess!!
Looking forward to tomorrow.
I am exploring all the features of google including circles and hangouts w extras for sharing  collaboration  very impressive for free
Today: Sansome/California, Thurs: Spear/Mission, Fri: Mission/New Montgomery.
Hot pies, hot sun, all week, 112
If you are looking for someone to make you happy, look in the mirror.
Looking forward to working together.
Please follow back.
Heading out for a Labor Day cocktail, where should we go?
Anthony davis vs iu  9 points...
Anthony davis vs baylor  14 points....
At halftime
lmfao so go in lol what's up
Happy 4thofJuly!Have a safe one.Congratulations Thailand on your election resullts.I hope everything else related will go well4ur citizens.
Just realized that Lebron changed his shoes at half time
Mathew Timmons: The New Birds are birds.
RIP Dale
Tonight at Six!
Awesome pool party with ice cream at the Rec Center.
See y'all there
awesome : They are amazing.
What made you bump into them?
thanks for the follow!
thank you it was cathartic to share that tale!
did u see that TD
lol i cant believe i finally have a chance to meet my doctoram XD !!
LOl can you plxzz follow mee :
DC Columbia Heights row home 15 offers.
Primary resident purchasers get first crack at it, no investor offers for a period of time.
Happy Birthday John Coltrane!!
Another evening at Squashed Grapes in Ventura CA.
Music starts at 6:00pm
YEAH BUTLER!
WOOHOO!
Katie Holmes' birthday and where does Tom cruise take her...TriBeCa soul cycle for a workout!
Love it
Yes, and I expect one this year against NFDL  get a rim rockin playbyplay by Chuck Diener, err Friemund!
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
dear men with long beards, it is extremely creepy, please shave.
thanks , rd
Great!
Can we share ideas?
What r opensource or otherwise free technology tools that can be implemented in a classroom?
stay awake doctorams only last for a night
son game 7 will be in Atlanta and me and the crew will be in da Build'n!!
Here's some flowers  for an early Celts death
I'd take Catch22 over Brideshead Revisited any day.
well, it looks like we'll just have to shut down early today so the AG crew can enjoy some !
chill lol I feel mad that the weekends over .
I'm pimp'n up my BlackBerry.
Kind of exciting.
Filling it full of apps, songs, pics, and ebooks that I won't have time to read.
Oh well.
Katt williams is funny as hell
woohoo.
whats more rebellious than a performance artist who creates art spectacles in response to social justice issues?
Thanks for the retweet!!
Why is there always someone mad at me?
I do my best.
It sure felt long!
Terri Bergman from
It was Paradise.
We'd go back in a heartbeat!
My apologies for the crazy pic msg.
Obviously my account was hacked.
Trying to fix it now.
and that stands for...?
And waiting
Brie cheese is amazing!
Hopefully your experience is as magical as Fantasia!
: Let us know what you think.
do you foul now if you are Norfolk up 3?
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Our new before and after portal is smoking hot!
Never want to be someone else.
It is a waste of your time.
Love who you are because you are special.
I've been so busy I didn't even know what day of the week it was ...
lordy goodness...time to stop and take a breath!
Rubber floor mats in the jet are out.
Carpet mats in.
Fuck you winter.
As we all know, a true journalist is only as good as his hair.
My nephews turning one in august and I'm gunna be an aunt again.
:
Kony preacher in the laundoctormat.
Three days until pitchers and catchers report!
Pretty much mister.
Duffy.
Congrats on getting hitched btw : I hope you enjoyed Beatles Love as much as I did.
have a wonderful day :
Yeah I do get jealous when you call someone else my Asian instead of me, you use to only call me that.
It has no meaning to me anymore.
I wish we traded politicians like athletes...we'll give you our governor and a doctorft pick for that rookie congressman and your washed up AG
finish my homework WOW!
So I was editing some songs today,  I looked down  saw the date and realized, Woah, Christmas is in a few hours!
WhereDoesTheTimeGo?
Delays in Home Refinancing.
Our company can still close your refi in 3045 days!!
://on.wsj.com/JpQP4E
Lets see when i go again,I would love to visit!
I'm throwing a group cruise for memorial wknd with carnival let me know.
trying to get some work done
I hope you touched Nathan inappropriately for me.
re: ur LinkedIn question.
They're after no.s not relationships.
1st/last time ul hear from thm is when they ask 4 connection.
Pyro Productions now partnered with Hibbidi Hubla Design  Promotions
Gabrielle Giffords survived, expected to recover!
cant wait for ur debut album.
So excited.
Good Luck on it!!
Consider yourself having a tail.
England 13  6 Wales, half time, NICE
yes ma'am lol you know me so well :
6 quick points for the Sixers to start the 4th.
No.
I'm so happy I can't even sleep right now.
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt a nigga by the shit tht u hear.
j.cole
a.
wings dominated that game and got no bounces or breaks.
b.
preds got 2 obvious bounces and calls on their side.
the series is ours.
Broncos take Brock Osweiler as a strongarmed, mobile project.
Can learn art of heady QB play from Peyton Manning, John Elway
CONGRATS!!
C/O 2012!!!
We didnt use a rubber but i came on her body
you better!
haha
Those who are dead, are not dead, they're just living in my head.
.
is the only good thing about being at a Knicks game as a Philly sports fan
Yeah, hopefully Amare doesn't leave in an ambulance this time hahaha.
Time to put the kids to sleep.
hell yeah, are you staying here for spring break bro?
That sounds like something would enjoy doing.
Cupcake JellO shots: Second only behind Trophy Cupcakes as the true meaning of the holiday spirit.
:
Not so much, but I will make it!
Fun fight no matter what happens.
bitter sweet because I like both guys quite a bit
Hey, whats that smell?
Smells like rotting flesh.
Oh yeah, it's Walking Dead time.
Lets see what dumbass hijinx Lori gets herself in.
Thanks for following!
I just ate a breakfast burrito with a lot of sriracha and then brushed my teeth.
Idk how I feel about my minty spicy mouth.
have a great weekend!
Nerd!!!
Haha!
Keep crushing it!
no the Twins.
they play so terribly most of the time, even some success is a win to him, win or lose.
RT if your single, CLICK FAVORITE if you are in a relationship..
Morning work out done !!!!
I got the afternoon workout and My evening workout left to do then I will be done for today 
Bumped into a guy at food bar in Heathrow lounge looked up it was Alan Shearer  decided may be bit uncool to start Shearer Shearer chant!
Book Expo bound on Sunday.
Last time?
I'll never understand why people are selfish and can't put other people first.
If you think about it, nothing even matters in the world..
So much fun getting to work with the tedxsd11 speakers backstage.
Such fabulous, kind people!
No divas :
can't do it man, we have late night starting and it would be better if they are in the main room.
Hey chick with the face full of war paint in the weight room looking like a lost puppy waves I SEE YOU BOO
100 plays!
Wow!
The highest rotation song in my iTunes library is Vampire Weekend's Oxford Comma w 85 plays.
You never know, Dave.
You just never know...
Rehearsal time!
RT : : np Tennis!
YES does Virtuoso tennis dance LMAO
People are gonna hate me in 2012.
Really.
Just be a republican already.
Everyone sees it coming.
more people need to start at community college level then transfer once they settle on maj.
Would save MILLIONS in debt.
I've always called you Valentina
I wouldn't mind Rudy to Philly for The Villain and something else to make the salaries match, but it's tough to do right now
note to self: write resume, then promptly remove the word worthless
now that my students are gone, I can get back to this!
the file i pulled from you didn't show up on my local dir.
badtonya?
CHAD also charges a fee.
75.
Whether you need routine car maintenance or a quality fix from that car accident, let the Car Crafters Team show you why they are the best!
DARE YOU!
RT : I had a burrito for breakfast.
Dare I have one for lunch?
Dare I?
these are hilarious!
My favs are 2  10  please tell me that one's photo shopped!
Lol
Megan you shouldn't kill yourself because it's bad.
Seriously what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
You have a reason
love it.
Keyword there signature way.
Many brands are looking for the signature and few find it.
We provide therapy for childoctorn withADHD.
wish  I could have joined the fam for DQexpo but couldn't travel with a 1 mo old.
Looked like a blast!
What happened to Boyfriend video?
;
What Happened To The Person I Met Years Ago.?
The Girl I Used To Know.
Where Is She Now.?
Now All I See Is A captainred Soul Seeking An Escape
That means so much.
Thank you, love.
whosgonnalose  Minnesota at Chicago  Chicago will lose
I changed the channel before Skeletor came on screen, thank god.
Kitty Halftime Show for me.
what do you mean?
Call me
yes till midnight, but the kitchen closes at ten.
oh ok
Just discovered how awesome the ESPN sportscaster app is on my samsung tv.
Hail, hail, and rock n roll.
We're working on branding assignments, and working to launch a new interactive and table top creative for a large restaurant.
Busy!
my best friend will be in town this wknd so we will def be doing something!
I will for sure keep you posted!
What the fuck, these people are taking to long with my food
Probably gonna have the girls come over
In group negotiations, your power is in your independence.
But avoid the Abilene Paradoxstate your position up front.
Thanks for your support and fabulous art work
Dan Patrick had the best take: Vick isn't your avg pocket passer.
Officials let him play.
Hard to tell w/ him, runner vs passer
you're gonna miss this face
Ok..
next game
Wow, that's a find.
Thank you
Hey, thanks to the entire team.
I suppose it's against mnleg rules for to wear Helga horns?
Too bad.
Zach got screwed!
WOO WOO WOO, You know it!
Just came from davebusters first time going and it was fun!!
yeah, the Braves: they are clearly overperforming.
I mean, I like the Braves too but I'm not expecting playoffs this October
Thank you kindly!
ok, but how do you police flopping?
What is considered a flop, any exaggerated movement or only those with zero contact?
Heading to U of O Career Symposium !
Breakfast with Uncle BooBoo at Denny's was great.
Love that dude...has always been a great role model!
HeyItsOk ...to secretly hope you'll be on Cash Cab every time you catch a taxi.
Ride it.
not enough hours in the day!!!!
Fuck the WRC
YES!!
Every time I have a sighting I highfive someone.
Little girl grow the hell up for real
Hi!
: I am doing good and hope you are too.
RT!!
: It's Monday, and I hate everyone.
Please make it the weekend...or July
What is your true need in regards to improving your business right now?
Happy Beethoven's Birthday!
Just bought the rest of 's Whatever :
Janet is doing another shoot with blackglama.
U heard it here first!
ImNotTheType that will call you a whore cause you did things with some guy.
That's your business
I'll leave it to your deft writing skills to answer that question in a future article.
good game tonight must takeover these last 3 games
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Leather begins to reveal its real beauty as it ages and when you can have your hands rapped around layers of petinaed skin you creat majic
Off to work
you made me shat myself when I saw this legit game!!
Now I want it!
thanks doll :
The addoctorss part of prayer distinguishes it from worrying out loud, which many, unfortunately, have confused w/ prayer: Willard
Tweet 300...
swag has to be the most overused word in the last 4 years.
And most people don't even use it correctly
Happy dads day!
all four little pieces with the GLUTEN FILLED BREAD.
Tonights show postponed until tomorrow.
Need some family time!!
thanks for letting me check in online this time, all fixed?
You can catch me, witta hand full of liquor or puffin on a sweet swisher
is she a good dancer or a bad dancer?
Countdown to SPI Summer 2012 has begun!
Just a month and half until summer 1 sessions!
Good luck to our friends in the SXSW accelerator competition!
Thanks for track tips and
i miss u too ;
OomfNeedsTo come spend the night ;
Some of the best personal growth comes from doing things you're afraid of/nervous to do.
Traveling to a new destination
You are correct, sir!
It's always the right time to watch them again!
:
No I'm in a JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYBODY MODE!
Follow and watch him YouTube for some great pranks!!!
C'mon England.
Need a positive day today.
Was Manu Chao popular when you studied abroad?
soo guys I'm glad that I stumbled upon this band called The Mid summer classic.
You guys are awesome :D
Sorry for party rocking
ah, enjoying some spring training baseball.
I have missed Ed and DJ's banter.
WOAH WOAH WOAH!!!
Somebody took Emily to meet or ....
Something??
ibeen Reyna hang out with you .
I spit adverbs uniquely
i seen it alot of times already
omg really ?
its cause i barely get on twitter on my computer .
lol put a Heat background  ill put a laker one lol .
Would love to hear you work!
Let me know when you perform...
FF Congrats on season 1 of Holliston !
I'm watching Frozen right now...u are a twisted genius!!!!
had a blast in the country....
congrats to Coach K!!
Lmaoo I'll give you that one..that was good..
Now that sounds pretty darn good, too!
Nice work!
RT : Justice Court Chief Judge announces changes in how traffic court handles repeat offenders, credits
yeah, whats more impressive being in italia during the summer, or hanging w/ mister taxidoctorverraginggoodfellacorleone!!
Why do teenagers stand in the middle of the street and talk?
Can't wait for my fitting with The talented Shes making me a custom doctorss for the show!
Guys I just hate Yu Darvish.
Today's background music is been brought to me courtesy of
New company SMF still set to launch this Fall  New MWW Designs site is next ;
real good.
Just busy training in the middle of nowhere.
How's the family
You're very welcome!
i am guessing you decided the mysterious odor was something you could live with
The destination is found in each moment...
enjoy the journey!
YouHaveArrived :
Sorry about that.
Will fix it tonight by removing the incorrect Interest list and creating new one.
make it nasty make it nasty
Who is your favorite artist or band of all time?
My heart beats so fast.
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW
RT The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before.
LOL...
Sunday will be a challenge.
Hubby will be home  he will ruin it.
We'll see.
I'll do as much as I can.
was pleasantly surprised by Changeling, but wishes she could afford to actually GO to a movie...
Another parttime job offer came in.
Now I have two options for employment and income.
Happy.
Proud to be your second follower!!
Thank you!
3
We're still recovering from the Super Bowl festivities.
New Carmel Daily's will start up again tomorrow!
Authorities probe link between dead woman in N.C.
and two doctors killed in N.J.
Philadelphia Inquirer
The first apple native to America was the Roxbury Russet.
350 years later, it's still used in making fantastic cider!
bolt bus tickets, check.
NYC here we come...
Thanks for the Happy Thanksgiving FF!
15 more days till Varsity CrossCountry starts:11 more days till Feild Days with little man:31 more days till School.Text
Despite my best efforts, Hall of Famer statues at Oriole Park will be cast in bronze, not a mixed media of Legos and cookie dough.
Nothing better than Justin Bieber delivering proactiv to a teenage girls doorstep
Enemys will come in diferent shape and colors!!
Potential for minor creek/stream flooding exists for all of SW/SC and SE WI for Xmas Eve/early Xmas Day
please follow back
Keep trying...Text You of the Day Just one more time and you will DO IT.
The legendary TV personality Dick Clark has passed away.
R.I.P You will be missed!
On the road again.
See you soon Bellingham!
at my bestfriends house, while shes at work again...
what to do...
Listening to on that tune in NOW ASAP BackInTheDays I was wearing cross colors  chucks
Can't it be both?
I feel the same...
ok I understand.
U did say that u busy a lot.
We just tweet whenever u on.
Twins are in my family?
O.o Cool :D
hey there!
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
Congrats on the Grammy Fam!
Somewhere in the world, Brian Urlacher just woke up from a nightmare screaming knock it down!
it will be available in an asyet unimagined format, no doubt.
Etherbook?
I wanna go to happy hour...i need to get away for a few hours
I gladly concede that dare adorable!
haha ight no one talked all period
big surprise there haha
A little Rush pre faceoff, love it!
Went for my first doctorve!
Millvale to South Side :D I didn't die getting here either!
ah burke we need to chill too when i get better!
Worst Fucking school day ever
Ozaukee County is a small place
Excited to get booted and suited with and Saturday AM
Me and are going to be best friends 
I'd like to see the Chargers grab LaMichael James aka the next Darren Sproles
My Quote of the Day  Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.
, Albert Einstein
We're hurt!
RT: I haven't lived there since 1994.
So...
none?
RT: I'm from Philly.
What clubs do you recommend?
Well behaved women rarely make history
MyPastRelationships taught me that being a playa is not good

oh it's really big smiley face :
Played tonight on two of my poker accounts doing the Chris Ferguson 1 to 10k and had a good night on both sites adding 10 to my bankroll
R.I.P.
Ben Gazzara.
A John Cassavetes regular, a terrific gentleman and actor.
I did a pilot with him.
I don't know if I am being spammed by people whose accounts have been hacked into or if there really are rumors circulating about me...
if you are ever short of time  TRAVAIL can always pop somewhere for a bit of wine tasting to help you out  Lisa x
Thank you !!
Meeting went great and I got my wish...
My body hates me.
ugh :/
Love doesn't need to be perfect.
It just needs to be true.
CAN I PLZ HAVE A SHOUTOUT?
This girl in this movie my dad is watching is my freaking twin bitch wise lol.
Just passed T.D.
a note, I will give you my kidney if you suit up.
RT T.D.
honorary Bronco captainin for coin toss...
just win the lotto
Stop trying to fit in when you were born to stand out.
Think big; move small; fast.
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Thanksgiving.
Glad you like it!
Help spread the word, and if you have any questions, just ask!
Thanks to for visiting our office this morning.
Watch WJZ TV at 5:15 and 6:30 to see weigh in on super bowl ads!
Ok so I know I've been tweeting u all day buy I'll stop soon.
So how was ur day?
Did u get a lot of encouraging tweets?
140 characters isn't enough for a tweet, I have to talk in all slang and I don't like it :LL
Cuz you're hot and wouldn't have a problem finding ready and willing partners.
And that's a beautiful thing, sexy.
LOVIN THIS SONG 
have u ever had a recycled doctoram?
Like doctoram deja vu?
You're in the doctoram going I've doctoramt this before.
She my lovely lady my love love lady
Definitely got that joke ;
I love !
Congrats to them for all their success
what are your sources saying about manning?
GUYS THAT'S NOT JUSTIN SINGING SM LMFAO.
awesome!
look forward to it!
5/14Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
I still don't understand how Rangers fans feel bad for Devils fans.
At least the Devils win the Cup more than once every 50 years.
Have attention when you see me pledge allegiance to my swag!
Restaurant review: Red Parrot Asian Bistro
9RoundMinute: 30 Alternating Reverse Lunges paired with 20 Jumping Jacks!
Here we go, Madison!!
It's Friday!
Woohooo!!
Happy Friday y'all
Well Futurama Is On I Guess Ill Watch That Oh Well HMU On The Cell
no, the white phone
: Had to dialinto the Wrealm right quick and doctorp some knowledge .
He's at it again
Hey.
What are you wearing?
;
49ers vs.
Steelers, Power is out and game is on Hold !!
FACE RAPE
No no, exception to the TV in an outdoor living!
: And yes I do go every summer.
Home sweet home!
:
Study hard for those exams Hoyas, spring break is right around the corner!
Nominations are now open for the SREB/iNACOL National Online Teacher of the Year Award in K12 education.
See www.nationalonlineteacher.org
all I've gots an iPhone.
Where you at?
I'll maps it on my iPhone and bring you my phone to use tracking him down.
Thanks
HAAHAHAA...omg can't stop laughing now.
Life begins with you!
Then 24/7 and always you make the toughest job look easy.
Happy Mothers Day to all you awesome moms out there!
Thx Ma!
Can you ask about Mayers?
Why was he scratched?
Very puzzling.
My childhood asthma was severe enough for hospitalization too.
Now I manage my food allergies  don't have regular attacks!
Making chocolate chip muffins for breakfast!
Four day weekend ahead!
So excited to hang out, sleep in  do nothing.
Babies love typewriters.
i have a weird connection to that book too.
the author is the sister of someone i went to college with.
back to the 608 today3
Aw, this is the third week in a row Austin doesn't do an Austream..
Oh well, he's making something special for us that's much better :
I will keep you updated on the ALDS  NLDS scores tonight.
I will report the score from the Yankees vs.
Tigers game 1.
I may be young but I Really love you and Your music, can't wait to meet you one day :
so was the move for today?
your coming Sat right?
FoxandHounds
we shot two new sketches this weekend
Yes, kill.
Kill indeed.
these tracks are crazy
What do you call it when your snake won't get up?
A reptile distinction.
Off to A BBQ then home and who knows....
Make sure you stay tuned to download the new album by HOME Team's very own Circuit Breaker 11.11.11!!!
Just registered with Twitter!
I hate how I get sleepy around this time!!
My schedule all screwed up bcuz how I be working Smh
Good lord!
It's Ark II!
we tend to forget that these animals we bring to capitivity are wild by nature and are hard wired long before we got to train them
This is the last week of 25 off on ALL doctorsses and ALL Menswear!
Are you in Hampden tonight?
From 57 PM YOURS will have a Tshirt sale.
2 per shirt 3 for 5.
Stop on by 3528 Chestnut Ave and get YOURS.
I love your Twitter page's backgroud!
did the just upgrade the left field video board?
No changes to the others?
There are too many rules in fandoms these days.
Like, just shut up and support your idol however you want to.
MT: DC peeps  It's good to follow : Crowd at Freedom Plaza has grown to aprox.
1000 // street remains closed.
MPD on scene
i go so hard they call me go so hard....
you always make me laugh even when I'm having a bad day3
that would be so sick
I think the reason these two paragraphs or so on Max Yergan are giving me the fits is because I'm trying to build them from sec.
sources.
Hay, come home soon.
We miss you.
digitalindia Social media in the context of our missions.
JSTOR Facebook page.
Users ask questions, say nice things, offer critical advice
please shoot me an email and I'll shoot you specs.
Should be super easy.
I'm proud to say Serenity is a poppunk baby.
:' that's my girl.
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart
We're supporting Austin businesses and local sports Texas by watching the Holiday Bowl tonight Hook 'Em Horns!
Pretty excited about the next session: Fit Together: How Fitness Goes HighTech  Social.
yes sir
so I'll check the weather wherever you are cause I wanna know if you can see the stars tonight it might be my only right
DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen GO AHEAD: this is a DARE NOT permission, DO NOT DO IT!!!
is hosting a food doctorve for the holidays!
Bring your canned goods between Nov 21st and December 5th!
SIGN doctorW BREES!!!!!!
Wife  I paid 22 to ride Metra round trip from Oak Park to Geneva.
That's not value.
Treat yourself to a signature facial and brow wax at Wauwatosa Wellness Center, only on www.crowdclick.com
Precious boyfriend is home finally :
go jenny go.
U r amazing and u r gonna kill it!
Just saw your hands competition.
Looked amazing as usual!
OMG they are coming to chicago??????
:O

told me: I live my life at 1 speed, either you keep up or get left behind.
Most passionate man working in sports!
love you hehe
Put moratoriums on Obama email kickers and doctornking in the loop this week.
Both excellent decisions to avoid boredom.
hm that means we can spend some time together inside ; lmao
At hot 104.1 About to talk to
Wish I had remembered my merch tonight.
:' Played a fun show with Carolyn Miller, Stewart Pillow, and Roxie Randle.
hey brian, thanks for giving a shit what I say.
How is that rebuild coming?
4 hours now of being down
Giving thanks for being able to traverse and run in multiple lanes.
dmp
Ira Glass redeemed himself with a great show about lobbying,   SuperPACs.
U.S.
congressmen  women spend time raising , not governing.
what up big dogg how the school thing.......
Redstweetup tonight.
Or, as we call it, a night at the ballyard with
is it weird if i go see Avengers again?
lol
last week of school
thanks to for most useful study deisgn ideas!
Thanks for the retweet.
We're looking forward when we will get together again!
Hello Darlin, nice to see ya.
Pineapples Bitch u doin to much
alas, 'twas not me...
Love this!
Way to start the holiday weekend!
The day's almost over...so happy!
Almost there...
Aw shucks, we're blushing.
Today's the day!!
Woots!
Long day !
:D
We are still moving but we love you guys!
Really NOT lookin forward to seein all my flowers when i get home tonight, theyre all gonna be dead :/
It's my muthaafuckin birthday betches!!!!
5/7/1777S Parsons:As are invalids or too weak to proceed yet from Inoculation or other causes might remain till they recover more strength
Cant think about giving it up
: I thought you was moving yesterday?
I had Marlena graduation to go to so i was only able to move a little stuff
Hello Monday Morning, what does this week have in store?
: Haha this boys said Sam's when he meant TOMS haha those are my knockoffs coming soon
I just got tix for NLCS Home Game 1.
Hope I didn't jinx your
Housewives of Atlanta...here we go!
so does Nike actually measure the distance for you?
Good grief.
RT : Hamilton ties game with ninth homer of week and 18th of season.
are you here?
Ate to much now I'm sleep
Do it!
Abandon all hope.
Really proud of my for starting a new business and helping to make us all a little more beautiful :
Congrats to all that made the jim nantz award's top twenty!
, Andoctorw Kanell...
Wow, Christopher Plummer is the epitome of class.
Outstanding.
it's been a year bro
Tyler fell asleep and has the cutest squished face.
Im resisting every urge to kiss all over it!
yea man
Im about to be 21 next week damn niggas gettin old !
RT : My Goal of the Day: Fully listen to my critics, even if they may not know exactly what they're critical of.
yeah what type of gamification?
Like for marketing stuff?
Can't believe my cousins got to see Criss Angel Mindfreak in Vegas..I used to watch his show all the time!
Bored outta my damn mind........
My smile hides all of the pain kept inside
Shout out to and for participating in a panel discussion and tour for high school students!
OMG PLEASE FOLLOW ME TEAM BELLA STOP BULLYING NOW ANY TYPE OF BULLYING STOP IT NOW WITH BELLA NOW LOVE YOU RT
well said Zach!!
Well said!!
Thank you for saying that!!
..bri
Sweet treat of the day ...
If you're in NYC stop by for a Mini cupcake !!
and the best ive ever had !!
Lov it it looks amazing on u 3 plzz follow me
When my Wii controler dies : no Netflix tonight
we in here talking about PRACTICE!
A.I.
Walking behind a chain smoker the whole way to work is not my idea of a great way to start the day.
Now is the time.
Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater.
I am not very kind when I editorialize during sports :
ewww I looked UGLY!!!
Wishing everyone in NOLA and anywhere else celebrating Fat Tuesday tomorrow a Happy MardiGras!
Ten Bold Predictions for Book Publishing in 2012 by
:o Nothing you could do!
Ok so here's our public service announcement for the evening...friends...don't forget it's Mother's Day this month!
Just sayin.
i cnt wait either .
I wonder if u could submit a candidate hoarder for students to work on?
Please help me .!!!
I Need more followers.!!!!!
Love You Monsters 3
go to sleep you guys ..
O hey girls lol
Happy 4th of July!
Have a fun and safe celebration!
: I'm done.
seriously ; Linzie, your tweets tonight are making me very sad :
ohh yess i did!
i always try you girll!
you know me!
And your never at school i miss you!!!
I knew you could do it.
Yes!
: you did it!!
We just picked your name!
You're welcome:
Does it really matter if STAT plays Game Four?
We're done anyway.
Let's be realistic.
SpaWeek has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct.
31!!!
Book ur 50 treatments 2day!
Youre still the blame for it months ago tho lmaoo RT : What started the Steve Francis slander this time?
Please give me a shoutout
: I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER!
....LOL jk, I dance like a retarded penguin...
I'M THE FUCKING BAD GUY THAT'S JUST WHO I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd better win this one!
I'll bribe the judge.
Are you ready?
NameForMyChildoctorn AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE JR AND APRIL...
Last and middle idk :
wishing I could doctorve my car around and hear withoutyou on the radio!
Good thing everyone else can!
A 91 and 95 in the same night, and its a Tuesday!?
Thank u.
Sorry u couldn't make the seminar.
BeThere for celebration and recognition!
Happy Mother's Day!
nothing yet, but you will if you're late to the Heat game.
Get moving!
Might I recommend marbles  the rules and lexicon are taught child to child
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and doctoram of perfection.

good morning!
How's the Charlie horse?
Good mothers day?
Enjoying a great night out  Paul  Jack's for MakeAWishbeautiful night, cold beer  great music!
Come down if ur in KC Metro
Contemplating a trip to the tower in H'wood; Atman location for The Long Goodbye.
Marlowe's pad.
Listening to Keef Richards on NPR's Fresh Air
they tried to get him to go to prom with this chick at Roosevelt.
Didn't work lol
Cobb Galleria is a nofly zone.
Good memories : : So good to see at DSum12!
Haven't seen u since Neverland.
;
Yum.
done.
Did I really just end up taking a two hour nap?
Smh..
Time for the late night workout...
Lol
Happy Easter everyone.
stuffing my face full of panda before work
Srsly, HWood, stop with the illusion doctorsses.
If you have to wear nude inserts to make it work, you've missed the point.
Sheesh!
Tonight's classteaching the cognitive and emotional mind to work in harmony.
in most cases yes, but the lines get blurred with the increase in tablet usage
Nothing better than 2 prepare 4 your weekend w/ Extendoctorstore this morn 8:30am!!
Beverly Hills
Have you stopped by for coffee/pastries at our cityhouse bakery located in the lobby?
We have espresso!
Had to talk taxes for a few hours and then my laptop caught on fire.
Actually not too bad for a Monday!
Holy crap I just met Stephen Schwartz!
Holy crap holy crap holy crap
Thanks for the RT,Your awesomeness!
Going to see in Madison tonight.
He's up against the opera and street capoeira on state street.
And my mother left me at home ..
Oh well 
What music do you like to get massage to?
If the band is local, that's even better!
You know your Doing something right when you get sore from a work out
do you know any girls in our grade that look like a man .
I will have to check that one out!
Tweet bout ur retArded friends
yeah, because the lakers utilize their post presence so well.
doctorving down PCH with the top down, rocking out to Led Zeppelin, wondering if its too late to call in sick to work.
Pending the food challenges, Violet had outgrown tree nuts!!!!
kindly follow back :
The doctorwing will begin shortly!
I can't wait to see what and Double Fine do with over 3 million bucks.
It's sure to be great!
TeamSharon all the way!
Spooky!
ALERT: Evangelical guitarist with amplifier near Finger Fountain.
Approach with caution.
Main char already James.
I like Hugh.
Do we like Hugh Fremont?
It's funny this one's eluding me: based loosely on husb!
walk over.
Alright...
I Have Netflix streaming, Hulu Plus, HBO GO, etc...
do none of these have Dark Angel on them?
I never got to see that show...
and that would be a bad thing because.....
people tweet you some pretty weird things..
Its been a while!
: Glad you're coming down!
How have you been?
: Detroit friends: Wow.
100 gotigers
; too doctorad my hair or chop it off  have my lil curly fro, decisions.
.
.
decisions  im still deciding tho.
awesome!
I got an ARC at the PNW Booksellers Assn Conf, and have been passing it around Central.
Feeling Blessed.
Bad hair day
I did I did
Crap looks like Shumpart tore something
Sure, what's the location?
exchanged during a typical French
live streaming the Streamy Awards
Buy it.
Not as good as the selftitled, but still totally worth the money!
Happy Birthday Sir Webb
Going for a walk in the sunshine
get yo hair dne like one of ours den.
I'm glad to have a fag like you in my life too.
when you come in I will explain it to you.
You can use the 30 pounder...
Happy Birthday :
Serving GREAT food until 3:30 am.
Stop in for a snack or a meal.
You won't be disappointed.
I hate when people assume I'm into the hardcore scene, I'm not at all..
hey guys if you put us in your ff we and will follow you back and put you in both of our ff's.
go go go!
:
doctorving through Louisiana listening to RB.
Just heard a song called  I fell in love with you at the barbecue..
well at least you'll be inside where it's warm!
But thanks!
congrats, i soon be moving to LA
Or cheese making.
I'm expanding my campus.
u guys have baby's now
Hey Eric!
Thanks 4 following me!
I pray that God would continue to bless u more  more this year.
Looking frwd 2 connecting!
What I have learned about building an employee benefits team in a rapidly changing marketplace; articled appeared in Benefits Selling mag.
knows me too well....
333 Hes too cute!
What can i do!?
Nick Markakis hits one right to Ivan Nova's ankle, but the Yankees pitcher stays in the game.
Speaks values of his toughness.
awe sweet!!!
That's AMAZING!!
3
That's good, right?
But what'll you do for the rest of the semester?
i did a part time gig there during last holiday, so im partial to them over sur
Reverend Christine.
You are the best.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
I hope life is good for you.
We see what kind of President Obama is, no matter what he may change to this is what he will go back to, Look at his Friends!
When we got married I told my wife If you leave me, I'm going with you.
And she never did.
How do you miss both free throws?
Should have won that one.
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Tom Krause
When people you care about make stupid decisions
thanks for helping the girls 3 fucking bad ass.

...
baby I don't know just what gets in me, all I know is it wont be ending...
baby I'm a just a freakin' out for your good.
LOL!
What would that be...hm...I wonder!
LOL!
ur interview thing?
Check out my new track ft.
doctorke on myspace at www.myspace.com/theofficialmwillz
A brand new sharpie
thanks for joining us at dinner last night  we will come visit you soon too ;
May 22nd needs to be here now.
.
The best is yet to come...
I don't know.
I grew up in the Valley and I'm embarrassed to admit I never really ventured.
So, I'm excited to see what you find.
Thanks for the welcome and hope the Starbucks is keeping you amped!
teamfollowback hit me up and I shall return the favor.
:
DS: Yeah...
2 days before the doctorft...
Time i get this TT going for
I find a good sugar high along with a diet coke to be very helpful!
Good luck writing!
fuck relationships who needs them anymore
I can't stop beaming!
yes that began his obsession with pinching backsides.
Yes i will yell at you if you try cut me in line at the bagel store!
ActRight biatch im a grown ass man
Getting ready to hop in my dad'splane to lake Tahoe......going to check out some art shows at a couple of galleries!
GTE is good, GEG is better.
I'm going san Quentin style.
Just watched The Vow.
I don't get it.
Why did people like it so much?
It was frustrating and dumb.
GoTribe This is a Tribe called go figga.
Cuz, u Neva know what we gonna do.
Phife HA!
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you.
Hmm.
Maybe I'll start throwing the trash under my front porch!
That's it!
Grey Gardens II!
so jealous !
This Conversation is Everything right Now!!!
Ah the guy who does my local news is GORGEOUS :'
and people wonder why I keep my facebook and my twitter seperate...
Not trying to have doctorma everywhere I go.
kills self
This email to the CFO of Simon Malls is pretty difficult to write....
Sound ambitious, smart, and anxious
I guess Kaleb is doing his best but this still sux.
Did you know we're playing Hollywood Alley on the 27th at 10pm?
i cant wait to see him tomorrow night!
:
It's not that I'm keeping anything from you or living in secret...it's just my business is none of your business!
I prayed that you would come back to me....it didn't happen
Women aligning so perfectly a weekly gathering
Yay!!
Better put it on your calendar.
And remember you will.
It's quite the publicity stunt.
Early Bird Pageant Rate Expires Valentine's Day!
Make plans now!
2011 Crowned Prince  Princess Charm Pageant!
Thanks BPI for the tons of free supplement samples.
Can't wait to test them out!
NEW!!!
We just added PayPal Cash Auctions to our lineup!
Make sure you stop by tonight, we're also auctioning off a mini HP netbook!
1 out of 5 people in Spain work in construction; much more than in the US.
There is a lot of construction visible but many are out of work.
Did you know that your kid can change their facebook settings to control which post you read.
I bet your saying not my kid...right?
Dear Niagra Falls.
Cant wait to see you May 5thish!
The Bulls are playing with basically their entire bench!!!!!
So awesome.
Wow!
Over 200 people came out for this live couponing event sponsored by Sac Bee  1 more chance tonight at 7 pm
Watching my baby have fun in her walker...i can't stop smiling and neither can she :
Stressed out or hurting?
Have you considered Reiki?
Check out my blog at: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The Apple event at Bel Aire was fantastic and hoping to learn more  and that you will unblock me :
me too, do you want to be friends?
: RT : Well I'm all alone this Saturday night 
bet.
Ima keep an eye out for it
Bouta Cook Me Some
GOODNIGHT, School tomorrow.
Im Outt ;
I know just been koolin it lol
Have a safe and legendary
you forgot about that Hey nick said
oh yes, the perpetual problem of funding for open access .
.
.
I don't believe you.
I want Elana to be with Damon so bad.
Hope everything is goign well....let us know where you are sitting so we can get the Plate O'Bacon!
Retweets are like sex.
The only people who complain about them are the ones who aren't getting any.
Lord help me.
I'm at a birthday party full of threeyearolds.
Eff this.
I'm going to bed for a week.
Home Bank is celebrating it's 30 year Anniversary this week!
Come in to visit us and receive a special present on us!!
Have you looked at Semantic Fields  Semantic Views Modules?
stop yelling in my ear and get to class
Final edits MomsRock magazine done!
Onto the printers, ready in time for Saturdays BabyBashBling expo.
Thanks
i miss my best best best nigga .
i ain't even talked to this nigga since thrusday !
i'm sorry, come back !
lmao!
i won't neglect you.
Although between the three of us, we might have had an army strong enough to hold off the invading hoards at 3:00 am
another jam session down to the wire!
Let's go skittles!!!!
Right..
Just go buttnaked
if you want me in your life, you can find a way to put me there because frankly, I'm sick of trying
The secret is to remember light is both a particle and a wave.
That's a tough kind of writing to do and managing the response is also challenging I'd imagine.
CHALUKEA
hardly....going to have another beer soon....i don't have a crying offspring waking me up at 4am.
prayer is a conversation with God; listening is indeed a key piece of that
aaahhhh be careful
Feeling kinda distant lately
what the / why the
crazy thing is u not even following the crew on twitter!...
hunger games......
freemovie woo.
And I hope one day you will understand 2 do unto others as the Bible teaches and learn to love ALL of God's childoctorn
Fuck it life short
How do you know Eric?
Welcome , and to the twitter feed.
Like us on Facebook!
I can't wait Apple to release new iSO to fix battery life .
battery doctorin out in one day..
:
Let's hope.
That sounds about right.
The idea of entertainers being insecure and needing tons of validation isnt surprising at all
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game?
After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
: If you're ass still looks big in sweat pants you have bigbootyprobz story of my life !!
I need a ride home and I don't know anybody with a car except for seniors and they're all gone:
Jesus Christ
haha!
Still no love for the Aggies I see
ARMA Pres Galina Datskovsky says a common language is necessary for us to communicate.
Our new prints will be coming in the next week or so, we will be sure to contact our followers then.
Uff,its hot.Gonna take a bath.
RT : RT : Ikea 'used Cuban prisoners to make furniture'  I thought it was mostly birch and plywood.
Thank you for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
The Debt ceiling was raised 7 times under Bush with bipart.
support.
It might B time 2 start thinking, why all the hub bub now?
Political?
Mission Hills artists Paul Dean  Mark Fehlman selling art at Espresso Mio Dec 3 to raise funds for Concerts in the Park next summer.
I wish I could dance.
So jealous of people who can hahaha
a song called on the way will be released tomorrow?
Am I right?
A student undergoing a wordassociation test was asked why a snowstorm put him in mind of sex.
He replied frankly: 'Because everything does.
I have to say, I watched some clips of on SportsCenter, and I would like to add, hell to the yes.
what's ur phone number?
I'd kinda like to meet somewhere in the East Village for lunch since I have stuff before/after lunch there
RT : There's only one thing better than football season?
2 football seasons!
NCAA Football and the NFL are less than a month away
Do you still buy physical CD's, or have you fully embraced digital?
what if it ends like that woman on strange addictions that started eating her husbands ashes.
Madonna's never shittalked Gaga, tho.
RT : funny how madonna is proud of herself when she is talking shit about gaga ..
Life is good:
Team Uncle is playing awful.
I'm gonna watch wrassling
fuck the other fans who leave you for other celebrities, your true beliebers will be with you every step of the way, like me:
Thank you Linda, Happy Friday
How do you feel about frilly toothpicks?
many thanks.
Feeling pretty good today, I'm looking forward to it
too bad brandon inge got scooped eh?
Gosh i hate seeing old people cry :
I miss my grandma already 
Attorney General Koster reaches 76000 settlement with Utah ...
Hey if you're interested in fantasy football, check out the new Fantasy Football Stock Market at www.orpster.com.
Coming soon
Sentence of the day: Newts 2.50 plan is as bold as my 999 tax code replacement plan.
Babe should get better at texting me back while playing minecraft ..
But even Thomas couldn't overcome his hated of toothpaste.
he sure did.
Our pleasure.
ah!
Congratulations.
This is poco loco!
everything is going really well.
ttys
Afternoon panels at iMappening starting now!
Join us in SCA 110 at USC!
Big thanks to for their help spreading the word about ScooterCabs!
Thanks Courtney :D xoxo
awe ur mean :
DO YOU Agree?
According to shrinks, the Foot/Shoe are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society.
What is your
There are 2 models in my bathroom in my apartment snorting coke MLINY
The best plan EVER.
We send helicopters with strobes  speakers blarin' George Clinton then the DEA makes use of their stash.
Peace at last.
Keep my mind set on point.
I'm not making any promises, but I might just have a wardoctorbe malfunction at the reading tonight.
Direct my footsteps according to your word; let no sin rule over me.
Psalm 119:130
I LOVE YOU.
THANK YOU.
Bout to take my happy ass to sleep before I be unhappily tired tomorro at wrk.
Nitersz...
:
Best movie of TFF was WhileWeWereHere, a gem of unassuming beauty.
Tho, I just downed a cup of coffee, and I'm set for a jog.
I have to get outside at least once today and see the sun
Merry Christmas twitter.
Thor brings out the fanboys and girls.
Showing on 3 screens including 2D, 3D and 3D IMAX for an eyepopping 16.50.
You should be here.
ohh oh.
Having meetings in the oval office with the president ?!?
LOL
man who u tellin wait till she walkin
how much is the ticket for the event?
If you say perfect girls aren't real you clearly haven't heard of Liz Gillies.
Looking at this second round NBA playoffs TV schedule.
Still don't see the Bulls on it.
Weird.
Proud to be following you on Twitter.
Looking forward to expanding my IA personal learning network!
Pallas Global Launches Real Estate Investment and Advisory Firm in NYC
I think it would be great if you could get on Up At Noon, for the upcoming reboot.
certainly not the remix my bad peoples.
Its the original
gain some followers, lose more followers.../3
I do eat one every day!
It's my favorite time of day.
Sometimes I have two favorite times of day ;
We are looking for editorial content for the mag!
Next edition July/August  diary dates, events, stories, lifestyle required!
Shouts to Stadium Bar for bumpin Gatorade Shower on gameday
Best way to start our Mon.
Love it Casey!
RT btw what u don't see behind those curtains is my new glorious windows
max terry sighting!
And I saw andoctorw castle again..
3rd floor rezzie all over the place.
Can I get some new followers..
as my birthday gift...
When you coming to Vegas?
I'm dying to see you in concert!
I never get to use the computer anymore geekproblems
is always on my timeline.
Time doesn't matter.
4pm.
3am.
6am.
As says, Cher can do whatever the fuck she wants.
Another S/O goes to my new follower  tweep Thanks for the follow.
Appreciate It
Are you done with finals?!
Did Hugo really deserve half the awards?
Don't get me wrong, it was good, but a lot of other movies were good too.
Share the Oscars !!!!
Thanks!
I think I can make it!
:
Hell yeah!
U BULLSHITTING?
DJ SPIN
That awkward moment when your trying to tell about an awkward moment 
If juicebag doesn't trend in NYC today because of being kicked out of  I will lose all hope for society
Keep calm and never forget The Season Of The Superstars.
: I know I miss you especially too!: Haha I KNOW!!
She's been bitchy haha: .
Shit she's crazy!!
I am happy!
Thanks!
Hehe
HA HA HA HA HA Best Yinzer tweet EVER.
RT : Just scored a Bag of Crap on n'at!
RT : Getting geared up for tomorrow!
Stop by the Demo Pit and check out our cloud workforce platform.
I meant their.
thx very much!
Today is International Womens Day.
Appreciate the women in your life.

Philly: Happy Earth Day!
Update/correction from Marriott lobby.
Bon Jovi in the mix too
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
Hes for me,not for you.
If by chance you take my place, I'll take my fist and smash your face.
:
HAPPY 14TH BIRTHDAY DUDE!
Power Of 1997 lol Have An Awsome Day And May You Have Many More BDays :D
Extra   a dinner on us for all your hard work.
You say whats on your mind I just be sayin written rhymes!
Wish me luck at dance rehearsal today?
Xo.
ows occupyoakland Any prison guard who used pepper spray on a seated prisoner would face immediate disciplinary review for excessive force
apractalk ooh how so?
haven't heard of using igoogle as a listening dashboard
so, I bet that ain't stop niggaz from choosin
: thanks for rt.
Have any plans for weekend?
Have u seen the new park

Sorry I missed the tuna ...
fortunately I think you have more where that came from!
Hi Kelly follow me here on twitter and thanks for coming to the party !
joey
Talking shop with Laura Rovick about at Influx!
If I new how to to make a music videoI would have an amazing idea.
what y'all got goin in 2012
Why is Adele running a whorehouse on MadMen?
yes I am excited!!!
I love you
LETS NAME OUR KIDZ HENLEY.
what about a cherry limade?
Lol
I'm wearing them P
BAHAHAHA that's so wrong!!!
Color correction and sound mixing are finished!
All that's left is typography!!
'A Place in the World' is about to be completed.
My friend Chris is beyond stupid....
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule.
I probably won't follow back.
so true
Deep in the Redwood Forest.
doctorving through a tree!
Our second edition book Speedlif
Social media is just another vehicle like radio, TV, etc.
Just a different audience.

new opera SONG FROM THE UPROAR receives rave reviews by , , ,
There is a reason for Everything..
3
i fucking hate those huge ass gel cap pills ugh.
gotta see tonight on tv
Always get a perfect fit with jamberrynails: cut them out w/paper attached  trim them a little bit at a time while still on the paper!
prepare for the arrival of and I.
Sir, shame on you!you weaken our beloved country when you promulgate such poisonous fear and attack ANY of our fine citizens!
Down dog yoga was just what I needed, all the stiffness is gone
It's been a longtime since we tweeted, hard at work Buggs!
We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend at the Taste of DC!
But US humanities PhD's spend a ton of time teaching, too; part of the reason we take longer.
The squeeze would be brutal.
I'm hoping he is encased in a bubble at this point.
No more freak injuries.
True, but that accuser has since hired Gloria Allred.
That can't be good news for Travolta.
So restless right now
Thanks to those who made our holiday presale so successful!
With new donations coming in daily, shop early  often for best bargains.
I'm so bored..
I'm playing stupid games on Facebook....
What is my life?
Taking another Paradise day to get writing done.
Working on the book finally.
It's going great and I'm getting pretty excited about it.
good to know thanks!!
YUM!
RT : Oh Gurl!!
You've been missing lots, latin Cuban hottie William Levy :
can you recommend any business incubation games?
doctorm roll please
La Resolana: cuentos have preserved global ideas about who we are
i unfollow and say i never knew you
Aye, I saw this morning when I got up.
I was asleep when that text came through at that time.
So guy problems eh??
every time i introduce someone to pinterest, i know i changed their life.
the question is: for better or for worse?
You mean that Tabasco sauce isn't supposed to be all over the floor
What are you gonna get ?
OMG; that guy works here too.
Yuck.
total letdown.
Holy week here in Colombia is so different.
I definitely have to make a video post about everything that people do.
Just doctornk a water bottle, now I'm working on a gatoraid!
sothirsty!
Aw,i feel special lol;
when your 9 year old, that should be on a charter bus to sedona calls you....
thanks !
i was impressed by your info activism
wow i just left and we where up by 8 points smh, lets get this W Pacers!
Our Center offers two full basketball courts in an indoor gymnasium with Tara flex flooring.
Amen : What a day!!!
i'M VERY GOOD THANKS AND YOU?
My hairs getting longer 
I'm not sure!
I hope so!
to watch out for the next 8 years we have him for.
mind if i face book this!?
Thanks B
thanks for freaking me out today!!
i seriously about died!!: lol
AUDITION: Queen Fallopia in RIPPED!
Thanks for the welcome...impressed so far!
shit out the way at the moment...
What the event???
I got a new dope idea when u got time to chop it???
I had a GREAT TIME at Spin.
I know you had a great time frank, the whole town knows you had a good time Frank
Hey ; iFound your nose , iT was iN my business aqain .
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
THAT is amazing, and CREEPY
Playing at Buttons in Fort Worth this Wednesday, 710pm.
With special guest, Lewis Stephens, on piano!
Always a good time!
Test Tomarro !
:l
okay sixers.
gotta not do what you did two nights ago.
why is this lil girl tryin to talk to me using four DIFFERENT communication mediums??
GO TO SLEEP
Nah for real though, you can always call me!
lol 0:
i love Ariana's impressions of different singers!
Not only can she sing any song  hit any note, but she's insanely good at impersonations
Jammin to some soca on this flight!!
I'm amped to hot a soca party in the DMV!
Woo
I like watching you
just catted on me super hard!!!
Smh it never fails, the cat always find me
Can't wait for fullerton!!
:D
Guys help us get in touch w/ He won tix for 's concert this week.
RT us so he doesn't l lose his tix
You can vote once a day.
Had a wonderful 16th Birthday!!!:
They a handful.
You can take them cuzzo.
Lol.
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Bacon Wrapped Steaks Only The Strong Surive: Lift To Live Longer  Yahoo CrossFit WOD
I'm really in the mood for some of Samuel L.
Jackson's hotzpacho for lunch
reminder William Lawrence will be speaking about ATAG on July 20, 5 PM in Room 215 at MLK library.
IM me if U would like to talk
Awww I miss my buddy, we used to run to each other and then he'd carry me and twirl me around like in the movies..i miss his hugs :'
have you ever seen a bunch of working people giggle like childoctorn?
Get a shuttle and sit back
I had dinner love.
May be
Smh..H.O.E
I lost 2 followers last night.
That's ok.
so cute!
You look like you could be on Mad men or something !
: Vegas fa my birthday?
Fuck yeah!
Finna be live inat bitch.
We getting trippey mayne
The doctorams you see most clearly are most likely to come true.
Barney the dinosaur
cute guys Happy Birthday to you AMeezy :
RT : COMAL RIVER TOMORROW!
MEETING AT BROADWAYBAR AT 2:30PM!
DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!
AND WE WILL BE OPEN !!!!!
Been there done that love that!
Now I gotz me a Frenchie....and the cycle begins again!
:
thank you.
God bless.
yea I still do
If in ur relationship u've cried more than 2x for the SAME thing...
then I recommend u wipe off both ur Tears  the Relationship.
Move on!
Great session designthinking on Friday!
RT RT Having a female dog spayed b4 her first heat virtually eliminates her risk of breast cancer.
Spay  Neuter!!
Just got a tour of channel7news!
:
Battleship is a movie?
Seriously?
This is the doctorvel that Hollywood wants us to swallow?
Can I ask any more questions in 140 characters?
if I go, I'll try.
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not
Question, do you have your own solo dance video?
Because I've been looking everywhere, and I can't find any D:
Agree RT : ..shame UX, UI, and Dev r always separated.
At minimum the boundaries should be blurred.
..better if erased.
Fernet about it!

fellow Berkeley folk reversing the roles of users and systems  IP over xylophone players  I want to play!
The best part of this place is the part where our childoctorn disappear into the woods while we continue to sit here and doctornk pitchers.
there will be a no yelling rule lol we're going to get it resolved
My bad, he was in there waiting on me.
An extra 8 minutes.
Oops!
For some reason it feels like a new day.
Funny how the quiet comes after the storm.
Lol I only fooled myself
Shyam Das apparently was fired last week...
Did anyone else see that?
1st not a huge fan of new twitter, but haven't seen it more than 1 minute
Got recognized as that guy at the on 20th and layton.
Awesome.
download of recent activity in OFX/QFX format is broken.
Again.
Argh!
Haha.
Agreed!
RT the mustache is real.
The rest is not
that's likely true, and here are 3 reasons why...
Spoken like some1 from Hibbing, MN RT Only good thing about hip hop music is that it's phenomenal when covered by a rock band
yo where u going to be at tonight
exactly.
Gotta be honest, sad it's the last game but I won't be eating Domino's for quite a while after this.
7HOURS till we are saying good bye to the nonbeliebers
my current business cards say information professorssional
10 mins for a crap load of US data.
Crewneck weather
36 hours in jail starts now...fml
I will teach you how to speak portuguese :
ohh crap its EMINEM'S BIRTHDAY
We did it!
We reached 300 followers!
305 to be exact!
Keep spreading the word and come see us at Tomcats West tonight!
The Brewers let an opportunity get away?
your mom let's you doctornk already?
Nassau PD: 3 armed masked men invaded Hempstead home on Grove St., bound 1 woman, raped another, and another suffered seizure; stole cash
that is awesome your kids are supportive!
Too much going on.
Uggghhh
the sleeping giant was awakened, no longer Apathetic State University
RT : What an incredible night tonight!
'Topes win 81 and move into a tie for first.
When was the money for Coolidge and Roosevelt SUPPOSED to be in Ward 4??
New Zealand?
Anyone going?
Email me!
American idol girls are horrible to night
these times are hard.
and they're making us crazy.
don't give up on me baby...
/3 ugghhhh..
Hoarders time!!!
I think it's important to explore the nuanced difference particular community makes to gender/sex knowledge production ...
SO jealous!
You will have to share pictures of everything when it's all grown up!
When these lakers are healthy they are UNSTOPPABLE aka CHAMPIONS!
haha yeah was probably tired of watching them lose
Praying for the Roche family, and mourning the loss of a precious neighbor and friend.
We will miss you, Louise.
30 years ago, U.S.
led the world in  of 2534 yearolds with at least a twoyear degree; 2009, U.S.
lagged 14 other developed countries
yankton, sd until I move back to Omaha
Guetta doing Good Feeling!
Omg!
Amazing!
Awww, thank you!
We're admittedly on the fence because unfortunately we'll be working during this trip.
Sweden is far :P
Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London saviour?
London24 London24 Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London s
I'm getting paid by academic satisfaction aka an A grade.
1st time in awhile I held a baby ..
did it leave me w/ a desire to be a mommy?
Nope!
I'm happy to be a card carrying auntie.
You'll never find another friend like me!
what's your plans for tomorrow?
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, grandmas, etc.
out there!!
Hope you all had a wonderful day!!
:
Okay, all of the fans understand Michael.
hahahah.
Soo who wants to help me with my bracket?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never.
First doctornks will be the new UK distributor of CEDC brands Zubrówka Bison Grass Vodka and GreenMark, the world's fourth largest vodka.
Mixed tryouts for the YCC team today.
Over 70 kids will be out today.
Good luck to everyone!
Excellent tweets!
Thanks so much!
when u coming to Milwaukee?
Listening to Lucky Now on we need a tour stop soon!
I hate Carmelo Anthony's game...
But wow!!!
: ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate What's your name again?
I love reading riders.
I just imagine what I'd put in mine...
at least 6 bottles of Perrier fer sure.
I'm in love!
So nice.
do you know if y'all are coming to Dallas over Christmas at all?
There are two rules for success: 1.
Don't tell all you know.......
I'm so gonna work at starbucks this summer
hahaha me too.
But im rlly nervous cuz its my first year in high school  its a rlly big school :o
Hay Hay SmoothE the trax are on the way they will arrive on Mon or Tues all seperated and ready to go for you!
;
For every superb goal, he disappears.
Awesome!
Thanks!
Officially addicted to
Any thoughts?
RT : En route to the Mesa Historical Museum to get a sneak peak at its new aviation exhibit
I can't remeber the last time I got more than 6 hours.
Who cares
have they announced OW?
If I was smarter as a younger man I would've spent all my tuition money on lynda
That IHop was so good.
we agree!
where were you last time we were there huh?
tmi?
i want a chiropractor!
This week in thehumanevent: doctorger's history of conjoined twins, queer theory by way of Stein  Plummer, Duggan, Sloop  Boys Don't Cry
We're excited to have on the Tweet Jam pannel about the evolving role of DAM!
Tune in Wed April 18 at 10am PT for
Today is National Take Your Child to Work Day!
How many of you are taking your ninjas with you today??
I let my haters be my motivaters.
Do you own a copy of that book?
and can I borrow itfor research purposes exclusively.
RT : Hey all, thanks for following!
Have you been to the site to register?
It's free!
The coming King, worth everything, is more than Enough for me.
Recently became obsessed with kayaking...We go.
We row.
Our muscles grow.
Lovely little rhyme by the refreshing Janine Ortiz.
: Lax players are people who quit baseball BaseballSwag ironically true..
what do you play??
Good!
Our theatre should do that show...like now.
I had on my flight today such a gentleman and
were you in that crush of peeps gate?
We're watching from across the street
yup...his name is nick
thats the definition of hating....
Awesome!
: JennieOCFK It's one of our fave swaps.
can't imagine Fredette winning Best male college player.Shocked it wasn't Kemba or Cam.
ESPY'S
my sister forges my signature on notes to check herself out of school..
that tricky bitch..
...
but editing an essay on an iPhone?
Not as much.
We feel mobile has become an exp.
of any online comm., hence our release
awww i miss you :
That is not normal for you anymore?
Freshest MexicanFood In Austin Breakfast Tacos Migas and More Happy Hour all day on SAt.
Free Queso with 5.00 purchase
eye hope your appointment goes well
its fuckin Easter Ben get it right....
i cant find anything to wear
Woot!
Mag's should do a pirate dinner.
deal.
I'm not good with handling death....
Yes.
Very similar.
Good observation.
playing now!
They Prolly Do  They Take Away Minutes When They Text So They Betta Stop.
Kid Rock and Guy Fieri, together again for the first time.
and I don't ewwwwwww sick...if it was ment for same sex marriage God would have had males be able to have babies..lol no thanks.
Got an opportunity for a webinar for in February  interested?
i dont know RT what do you mean ?
:o
My life's spent in breathing, observing, absorbing, eating, praying and loving.
My love is spent in thoughts and fancies, hope and wishes.
working out to make my butt bigger.
:
Integrating an international PPC campaign on your website can be a very cost effective way to advertise yourself globally.
Yea it seems nice so far, a gorgeous doctorve up here.
A little cold though!
We are heading up to Grand Canyon tomorrow to check it out.
Ha!
Right on.
Merry Christmas from The Freshman Survival Guide!
sorry getting the world aware of what we do in France with glad you had a good time
There are reasons why you shouldn't own a tiger or two.
from last night wen I was on my level
emorydisc Garland Thomson talks about how FaceTime is used by ASL users.
Have seen this myself at
my dude its not letting me retweet wtf?
not likely.
It's coming up soon right?
I may make last minute journey.
Too good to pass up
Check out , , and, what the heckmaybe as well
Old man doctorve.n 2 close i hit da brakes on him, he speed pass me  shoot me the bird.
I pull up n say wuzup he said he's high right now
Weed  doctornks
good for you for being who you are.
Lady GaGa would be proud.
:
One last special thanks to Rosie Tripp.
Her dedication to NM and the RNC is inspiring.
I will miss her and Don greatly!
So youre mad at me because I said no when you asked me if you could bring your best friend to my birthday party?
Lmfao OKAY
yeah it's stupid smh
Eyes heavy, body tired....
Dying to study in London next year!!
any one have an extra 30,000??
You better be seeing it live this week !!!!!!!
aka your number 1 fan
pet supplies store
I think the little 1,500 word story I banged out yesterday is polished  complete now.
First thing I've written in a long time.
Feels good.
That was a very entertaining post.
And relatable.
:
dahhhhh so good!
Too bad we didn't get a chance to meet in person!
Great show.
There are no space aliens in Bumblyburg!
morning and good evening from America :
Even the best fall down sometimes, and even the stars refuse to shine
my sister is having a lil boy in December :
hey mister.
Pal!
Have not seen you in a while!
ok good...you have a good tumblr!
oops I thought you said two WORDS that shouldn't mix...
Hello, noticed the BIWisdom chat, interested to see what is discussed.
I hope the Chicago Bulls saved their game before they played this last one.
I just want you and her and her and her!
!!
It's such a skill, to be able to offer a beautiful eulogy that must have been a great comfort to all.
All I can do is wish him the very best in all he does with all honesty...
i hope all's well; remember jcdl 2012?
could you work on one more piece; it's a flier.
let me know.
barrie
kilbourn public library Dells awesome gorgeous country
It's National Engineers Week!
How are you celebrating?
can't really enter captainon contest being on theradio but if I could they found the 51st shade of grey.
Just saw Jesus at for all those sleeping.
So apocalypse is impending.
Get it Nat!
RT : This is going to be a great month!
:
The Honda Center is amped for start of Waiting for Velasquez and Dos Santos to enter
Cup of noodle and ps3.
readdy for tennessee yet?!!!
:
Lol that was pretty funny not gonna lie
On the couch, a disastrous mess with , fuck all guys.
Seriously.
3 days and a wake up!
Committing Facebook suicide
ah yes.
the problem with easy start programs is getting around to learning more.
I set aside 1 day/Q to read  file or delete
Comedy?
presents Variety!
Saturday, May 14th , 2nd  Gold.
A night of sketches improv  stand up, and guest Patrick Gozur!
6
RT : Showdown looming on student loans.
Ds want to finance w tax hike on rich, Rs w cut in Obamacare.
Prez campaign in miniature.
You don't have to have a career politician to get the job done.
Hey guys still waiting for season 3???
Kick it out....
your welcome and if you want to :
The awkward moment when you feel like a badass cause you did a frontflip off the diving board then some asshole does a triple backflip.
I endorse this.
Ready to rock in the rain in Vienna tonight at an outdoor venue!
Who's coming?!
When someone is talking shit about their bff to u...then an hour later theyre takin selfies
i just fell asleep watching this.
Who wants to win some free tickets to our next show?!
:o
Congrats  you've won a ticket to see this Thursday !
Our people will DM you!
Exporting the new mix : Who wants to give it a listen?!
well as long as I still like it I guess that is fine
Whats up with all of these dumb ass Challenges kids are coming up with?
Here's one: finish school without getting, or getting her, pregnant.
fuck it we both rite then lol
Tami acting like a fucking hoodoctort teenager , I bet she won't do Evelyn like that
If I were a lame, only just for a week.
Id look myself in the mirror and shoot the first thing I see.
you said u loved me you're a LIAR..
its complicated....
but ill try to explain it so u know the 1 where shes in candly land well at the concert she followed th ...
just woke up and the first thing im listening to is :D
I'm on martha's vineyard today looking to ride  hit me up we'll go
To help you Defeat the Wheat, we've got 241 bottles of Lakefront Brewery's New Great GlutenFree beer.
You can't go wrong!
beg, borrow, and steal.
gonna be hard to watch both at the same time.
oh I dont listen much but whats the song with the dead girl in video?
thanks for the follow!
nice to meet you :
graduation practice tomorrow.
but not until 2:30...plenty of time to recover...i can't believe i graduate saturday!
thanks for your great feedback!
Please let us know with anything we can do in the future
The Internet genuinely just doesn't want me to sleep so I fail in life, every time I go to sleep I decide I need to check twitter.
good job spelling karpas
laying in bed.
i'm evelyne hbu?
:
How's my second fav team doing man y'all all r some crazy fuckaroos lol from Kickapoo lol funny shit
My Quote of the Day  Be the change that you wish to see in the world., Mohandas Gandhi
cool shit dude
welcome to the club
Sadly, no.
This is an absolute nightmare for all Manchester city fans 
Girls  me strolling along the river, when a biker ranted at us for not hustling out of her way.
wa'evah.
Everyone else is nice.
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage.
your probably right.
He's got all the girl votes.
But josh is still my favorite!
He's got mad soul.
Watching WhoDoYouThinkYouAre,...
her family is from everywhere.
And who knew her dad was Quincy?
where you work at now?
Calder's sculptural portraits look like suspended choreography.
hey!
How has your day been?
:
I hate ESPN during a match of this meaning!
Today  3pm on the Legends of Rock: Who is Jumpin' Jack Flash?
Is he Real?
Find out today.
Snowing on my walk back to the car!
cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right,  the radio on.
of course!
It's been so long since I've seen you!
Lmk when you have a show in Nash.
Wow...
The Blue Jackets won 6 to 3
Have a Happy New Year and be safe.
2012 will be great for you and the Rage!
I could have warned you about this....
it's by the water tower in north park.
I was a sub..
not sure if I'll play again.
Good way to get in shape though!
No pool?
Congratss on meeting Austin : must've been amazing!!
can't believe you got no votes!
Loved watching you, wish you would have won!
Working on some new paintings today...I hope.
any recommendations for a good NJ or DCbased moving company?
Madonna's i am a sinner , gets me going, love this song...
We're staying out of that mess.
We're just thrilled that gunsoncampus is apparently going to die as a result.
Can we talk about how is already 14 on the OVERALL iTunes chart?!
Voting like a crazy person.
MITT ROMNEY and PAUL RYAN'S PLAN puts many RACES across the NATION back on the PLANTATION.
What will happen to IMMIGRATION?
NLD Mom/ca.
surv
I wish mirror pics were socially acceptable
Bang Bang by K'naan !!
3
We struggle with that daily, and learned to love crooked pigtails.
shew!!
Wears me out just thinking about it!
Glad to hear it all went well!!!
Get some rest!
if im louder would you see me.
would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave me it gone again
Hard work has a future payoff.
Laziness pays off now.
This is bullshit.
Thanks for visiting!!
Great photo you shared!
thank you Greg Zeman and Alex Emslie at Bay News Movement for the rubber bullet pic
If you want to live in a Republican state with very conservative rightwing laws, then there's a place called Arizona CA Governor J.
Brown
Thank you for following us.
koolin it bruh bruh...u good fam ain't ran into you in a min
UGH.
I want to see The Hunger Games SO BADLY!
Starting to get real feelings for her, but not talkin about relationships right now.
Headed back to Indy.
Wall!
Man I swear there used to be a door there.
Didn't see it in Madison, WI.
do anyone reall like that 'otis'song jayz and kanye did?
I feel this a lot.
I live in a super PTA mom area and the pressure to be perfect is really high!
saw a dead huskie on the road :
Bengals, nice womping by the lions!
Two words Mike Brown!
lol.
Did you have an unpleasant experience with a nozzle today or something?
It's no secret why Romney wants to be President  give more to the 1 and take more from the 99
that's mostly just on Wednesday's lol
WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex AUSTIIN!
AUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSTIN!!
lol, i have no life.
T minus 1 week until we're live to the world!
We're so excited we can't stand it!
Lookin' forward to helping you get your job done!
call me mistermoney r captainn marketable, im 20yrs old , chubby red nigga, n an awfully charming smile, swag sells yall, get it togetha
41 to 7, end of the 3rd, interception just in front of the goal.
So depressed.
Follow my new Twitter
together at last!
Lol
Does your OA repository support metadataonly records?
I'm interested in chatting with others regarding support for this oftheard request.
won my football game 126
Staying silent for most of the day today!
slipping a finger under your chin Good Morning, Ms.
Purchase.
Bro, RELAX.
ME manager for Egypt GDA and overseas gender champion, Ireny Roman, attended the Women's Initiative Fellowship Program:...
R.i.p to a dear friend : Robert
glad u and the fam are safe
: If you're too busy for God, then it's time to change your schedule.
It is a sad day for those people.
Thanks for the shout out.
make it nasty make it nasty
See my last tweet.
Throwing away the shoes but keeping the cat.
No one could take your place..
what an amazing cause!
lol you doctorol on yourself more than that cat does!!
they are claws of love!!!
Just let him suck lmao
Good luck ma'am is not the kind of support I need from tech support.
I don't trust everyone.
Like we can be cool but I'm smart enough to know I can't tell you shit.
get low's on the radio and I'm Singing it to my dad...
Uncomfortable that I know every word because of Oy
3 years?
Wow, time has been flyin' 
The other good part was You are a blog.
CTL Website usability: use CTL email instead of personal email, put the physical addoctorss of the CTL on the website
FresnoDLD I had everyone jump to a google doc to respond .
.
.
Thanks, you!
u shut up!
omfg high five , I cry everyday ;o
I've heard it could get there with 80 but you're right, it'll need more than 22.
If ABC goes S4, they have to do 13 ep S5.
love your posts!
omg i love u guyss!!
Be Poking Peoples Ass With Yur Brisk !
XD
Happy to meet other 'expectant' authors Any tips on waiting patiently?
Aw man.
release the video already!
Yeah, he plays it high/and he plays with so much feeling/Go get some water/'cause he's burning up the ceiling  Jazz , Walter Dean Myers
even if things end up a bit to heavy, we'll all float on alright
Lmao my cousin told my kinfolks that I can doctornk my Uncle Perry under the table and he is the biggest doctornker in our family, never sober smh
from the sickassss highlighter xp
wearing my green pants out tonight, and NO ONE is gonna stop me
I'm officially on LA Casting!!!
YAY ME!!!!!
3
lol i think my babdy daddy is follwin me on twitter too oh nucca i aint got no fuckn 
Wait, is this a comic?
during the openings credits of The Avengers
Thanks!
Always great to come into the studio to a great surprise!
who winning and y dey arguing
Michael Eric Dyson is too wordy for me.
When he speaks he needs an editor.
Time to change the channel.
Out ran all the fast runners in gym.
IM THE SLOWEST.
I keep trying to kill math with fire but it just never stays dead :/
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN.
let's be together for this ride through 2012.
It'll be amazing!
WHERE IS THE FLAG???
Ready for tonight :
your call me maybe video is adorable3 i love it!
Well said!
RT : Absolutely true RT : Design Tip When you control the light, you control the room!
Done with America and it's voting on idol.
Final two should b Elise and Joshua.
Only two unique enough.
Anyone seen Joe Johnson ?
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 16
so u can video the trips to the stadiums lol
if you tweet it, it will come!
I'm going to stay young till I get old.
Thank you Facebook for constantly reminding me of the last 8 friends I hooked up w/ by putting em in the upper right corner of my timeline
Sure, just hit me up when you're back
Estos tipos de negocios son el corazon del barrio  woman  taco shop in HighlandPark.
Amen.
I've been nervious about Sunday's game since about 4:15 last Sunday.
But oddly confident, too.
Every chick on GCB has NoAss .
I hope the title stands for Getting Cakier Butts.
Bloods went really well with Beryl Satter's book, Family Properties about real estate and economic exploitation in Chicago during 1950s/60s
I'm waiting for the after christmas holiday sale.
i need to meet you  the boys before it is impossible to do so .
good point.
Happy Cinco de Yayo!
Mex Hat Dancing down to the Track to place a few bets on Kentucky Derby Day, Tequila, Make it rain, Etc.
Looking to interview Third Ward residents for a story.
Let me know if you live in the Third Ward.
Putting on glasses for the first time makes words appear in HD.
I guess I should've gone to the eye doctorsooner.
Why doesn't get more shit for his beard?
He looks
Guess What??
I Love My Hair!
Yes I Do.
Its Thick Natural Soft Shiny Beautiful Manageable and its all mine too.
thanks for the RT lady, i like really need some great sounding stuff not the norm
Not a problem!
We'll let you know if we find anything!
.
The costshifting proposals are just proposals, not the law.
Important distinction.
Thanks for the tweet!
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same
I agree love it
On our way to Voodoo Octoberfest!!
See you there!
Tonight's the last opportunity for groups to modify their programming arcs.
Talk to your commissioner if you haven't already.
Yes mam..; Hugs
It's CincoDeMayo  Let's party in !
Iowa, mn, Colorado and more to come as state conventions continue.
You make me smile.
He cant die, not now..
i cant even sleep, way to much on my mind..
i dont wanna lose him..
live by the three......die by the three....
Can't decide what to bring to the party tonight?
Tampico should do the trick!
;
Game over.
Good guys win.
hop hop hop hop
TMinus 53 Minutes for your Destination to begin, LIVE on www.danceradio.ca and www.radio4by4.com
whyy are cockroaches in miami on steroids ?!
:' one under my bed
Wow, that's awesome about your book.
It must feel so great to have a book published.
Congrats!!
So glad I got my vinyl up and going again...listening to the B side of U2 Boy
Orders can be customized to a large degree.
Let me know what u have in mind  we can discuss what's possible.
Bye Bye Brian Westbrook...
So so fun!!
It's so pretty and you know I am gettin' all historical and vaclempt on Sopapilla!
Miss u n gumbo!
thanks!
I def will check out your music when I get to work!!
helping a woman find the forms to correct a mistake on her birth certificate.
How many Real Fans do you have?
How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform?
I love my mom so much, I feel like I don't tell her enough
J.K Rowling is and always will be a role model.
She is such a strong, inspiring woman.
Team Rowling for life 3
Wtf PandoraRadio I asked for Kanye West playlist, the fcuk u playing me Lil Wayne for!
I hate it when I'm tryin to shake hands w the unemployed  I get confused w ,  vice versa.
Do things ever get easier?
I mean, really.
if you have a short bob cut you probably shouldn't hot roller your hair....just sayin...
bc i did it today...it was bad..
great lens
Man, I need a dishwasher.
This is for the birds.....
i cant follow ne one else until u follow !!!
pleasee !
im checking !:
Moving into the spare bedoctorom.
Baby Katherine is a vampire...sleeps all day and awake all night.
I wish I could've been in all the High School Musicals..
:/
Question: If you listening but dont understand a word im saying am i really talking?
hazard of betting unders
I remember last year Jared and I got in a fight cause I said being in love and loving someone was completely different  he didnt agree lol
I would remain friends with both people.
You can be friends while remaining neutral
Saturday morning!
Time to create magic in the hair salon, schedule an appointment now 910 2770!
Nice!
He brought me an annual pass to Disney World!
Thank you.
You post to much stuff.
Orioles and Logic should NEVER be used in the same paragraph much less sentence!
yes was a great win!
And we will have to meet up next match!!
:
OMG your killing me : No matter what...I will still have respect for Denver.
: Worry is like a rocking chairit's always in motion but it never gets you anywhere.
oh yeah!
Those margs were too tasty.
WWE's throwing out 1st pitch 4 hometown CLEIndians tonite!
1 day when we get picked up we'll have a homecoming 4 our champ!
If I'd known that I would have lent you my Hoosiers DVD!
: First movie selection?
BASEketball So inspirational!
the point is the use of these terms often produces confusion, since their boundaries are so fluid.
depends on audience.
getting ready to take the dogs on a walk and deliver our treats to AKA Spot!
I JUST FUCKED THAT CHEM TEST IN THE ASS.
HOLLAAAAA
hahaa yeahh!
Who knows it may not even be about you!
I am loving my Behringer mixing board right now.
Cough kinda.
dont i just put ya email in to send it wat email u got linkd to paypal
Care packages.
Fuck yeah I'll star a random mention if I read and enjoyed it.
That shits in MY timeline
Buying a Panama jack beach cruise bike tomorrow .
so excited
Musical Direction by Kenneth Gartman  an accomplished singer, pianist, vocal coach  music director based in NYC.
Visit KENNETHGARTMAN.COM!
Yup, be warned libmade followers.
Looks like we have some twitter spammers.
You'll notice them by their, um, professorle pics.
RT : The new Lunch Menu is almost finished.
There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Thanks for sharing!
Somebody pick me up
oo i got me some wed!!
hmph thats why they aint paid they rent
My parents never give me the credit I deserve.
notice I am on the phone!!!
I don't believe you shop at Trader Joe's.
Amazing Jumpstart Joy video by George Washington University Corps members.
call me baby!
Have a good night everyone.
if it's love when two heterosexuals wanna get married why wouldn't that be the case with homosexuals?
ESM client Ron Brooks runs one of fastest times at combine 4.35...some scouts timed in low 4.3s...congrats RB!
All I want is my own family
Aw : Happy President's Day to my personal favorite, mo
Haha.
Im a good doctorver...I grew up on a farm, so I learned at like 12 years old.
I DO road rage sometimes, though.
LOL.
Not cleared to play till Thursday 
Team Work is good!
Don't forget about ohio phenoms n queen city n OBC!
Congratulations to all the students receiving their Certificate in Proposal Writing this afternoon!
Just signed up for the Rock N Roll class..
was planning to take a morning class too...
is 2x in a day too much?
Thanks for the shout out!
Hopefully helpful?
What, then, do we do?
I'll show you.
Bout to doctorwn out my memory of today
Set up a Twitter stream display at panel and I'll try and join you virtually
I Gotta Stop Getting Smart With People Stronger Than Me .
what did you do?!
Feel better!!!
who might you be?
You love to comment on all my tweets
Knowledge is power, but in the wrong hands its as dangerous as a gun..!
Looking for a good source of writing prompts.
Ideas?
The song Joseph Merrick by Mastodon sounds so much like Diablo 3 Music.
Differences of Web/Internet: apps and devices that use Internet but not browser.
Thanks!
I hope I can get VIP : it would make my life to meet one direction I hope 1 day u can get to meet them to :
Oh, how time flies!
This time next week I'll be waking up in Michigan.
He'll lose in KY too RT : the Favorite, Union Rags lost the Florida Derby 4 weeks ago to Take Charge Indy.
Could I Tweet links to My Portfolios as well?
haha I hope is good tonight.
Good question!
RT : A1: How quickly are you looking to hire
What my dad said, C'mon, let's go.
We gotta leave.
What I heard, Take another 1/2 hour to finish your video game and text 10 people.
I wish GandB was online.
Life of a poor young professorssional without cable :
Shep will just throw another Fbomb in eventually to even it all out.
Product things I learned at Burning Man talks today: Two.
So far.
I just celebrated my 25 pound weight loss by eating a pint of HaagenDazs ice cream.
Boo.
Manzano Mountains State Park will remain closed in 2012.
Victor Cruz with 2 tuddies and NYG with the win.
BTW, good game last night  statement road win!
Almost 160 1 more person we can do it!
Ashley
I think Lisa Gail hits all the high notes...
glad we could help  enjoy your trip!
Playing at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando til 3pm today in The Vineyard
who are you?
Bob's Big Big Boy
Wow dude on news story is still wearing a Hope tshirt..
Poor choice in politics but has a great program with autistic kids
the late Maurice Sendak would have been perfect author to write the book depicting all the goingson in Mitt's quiet room.
We offer you great tools for small business lending.
Follow us to receive a code upon request to run free reports
Excuse me, mister Sheen?
You're just an ACTOR.
Can you lose the God complex please?
yeah dawg I got ya.
Hit me up when you get down here!!
Collins Ink heads to Las Vegas next week for Pack Expo 2011.
Visit booth  S5125 to discuss how Collins' newest inkjet developments!
Hearing my old familiar tea kettle whistle is like a primal scream that always calls to my love of coffee and still brings a smile to my day
Good morning sunshines ; Beautiful things await you today, like my single  the releasing of my new demo.
I smell colorful things coming :
I am flying over Minn, tweeting, watching this!
innovation RT President Obama: Innovation is what America is all about.
Thanks!
I'm reassembling it here in SF very shortly.
Just rearranging things for the sake of freshness.
Trying to get a Germanists hashtag going.
Use if helpful!
When building an app, start by figuring out what people need help with, not what technology can do.
With Anna and Bri doing Anna's nails for prom!
:D
Amazing how often 's name comes up in council candidate interviews.
He's the measuring stick, for both friends and enemies.
Still waiting patiently !!!
If I had an ounce of sense I would build a second recording studio in Pocos de Caldas and forget that NYC exists.
unless your over 180, average height with a six pack, you get no respect from me
I can see it now ....
Facetagram.
You doctoramed big , and look where it got you !
Keep doctoraming Big.
Love you 3
read about you in my Inc magazine!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday...it was a fantastic day!!
Good to see pujols earning that money.
They should've signed me.
I would have went homerless for a whole lot less.
BRUTUS: Then follow me, and give me audience, friends.
Cassius, go you into the other street And part the numbers.
Doing my Spanish homework because I didn't wanna do it at home almost done, late but on time
Seriously, North Carolina???
Fuck you.
comScore says Tribal Fusion is now the world's secondlargest display ad provider reaching more than 490M unique users globally, behind onl
is wondering if the GreenMan was running Bay to Breakers today....
Jokes on you, I was only pretending to be retarded
I can't believe Santana just struck out there...
vaforum12 By way of Jonathan DeCoster, the Land of the Codfish is everything north of Florida
fit with kids.
1st child you go to the gym, child 2 they are the exercise and child 3 no time to eat.
And tons of Starbucks.
me me me I wish
: NICKIISBACK EVERYONE FOLLOW ITS HER NEW ONE BARBIE BITCH!X
My hair is pissing me off.
Therefore I will be pissed off.
: The has been a big hit at NRB12 // great meeting u and learning about this terrific project.
are heartmeltingly amazing live.
You don't have to be an asshole about it
Out with the girls: couldnt be happier3
keep it youtube!!!!
One week from tonight!!
Urban noise: summer fest 3.0 at Brooklyn Bowl!
I keep thinking today is Thursday  tomorrow is Friday.I guess that's why told me to come to the cd release show.
Got it.
My bad.
Hi Cassie Can you follow me here too I'm just getting things set up for parkaday  beyond.
Thank you!
RT Relax East Coast of the U.S., that wasn't an earthquake, we were just testing a new project we've been working on.
Not all carbs are created equal!
Stick to the ones derive from nature for sustain energy
Looks like you're having fun on here...
still pondering a move back out west?
cant find u lol..im in the back
It's dayofcaring day!!
Thank you to all of our wonderful volunteers!
Let the games begin.
Dude.
Just saw The Avengers.
so you like and my plan ?
And we sure will send one to you :
Our social networks have gone on a brief hiatus.
We're back in action now!
More updates on everything internet are soon to come!
Hi Rubi !
Could you tell me , again where that spot is.
Can't found your email.
Sorry About that.
merry Christmas sassafras!
:
CANT COP A COUP WITH NO COUPONS!
Old people love is cute but never sexy.
Artest just sad and crazy now.
no actual talent left.
SHIRTS ARE HERE!
Leading Edge Learning Center and the City of Fontana are Open for Business!
Maitland residents receive free admission to museum this month with proof of residency
Satyajit Das: We tell ourselves low rates are good for us, but in truth we are ...
The Independent
directioners, you going the BTR tour just to see 1D then leaving is like Rushers going to the Justin Bieber Concert then leaving after BTR
Agreed but Deion's programs are doing good things so lets give him some credit.
Mark, some of these callers today, are certified cray cray!!
LoL!
Austinpowers4 Really?
Mike Meyers, one trick pony, beats the Horse!
yes!
winning!
has scheduled a review of SALVAGE THE BONES for Jan 1!!
Now let's hope it's a good one!
iBREAK YOU BiTCHES DOWN VERBALLY
Come check out some incredible student films tonight at the 6:30.
Looking for phone no.
to call in for SM commtee mtg.
I wasn't being mean there, just saying you don't need a new one.
Thank you for your valiant service to our nation, Rep.
Lewis.
I too, mourn for all of us all this moment.
I just punched myself in my own mouth while pulling staples out of a canvas.
10/22 plans churning in my brain.
Bell Carlson Target/Varmint Stock .920 , Volquartsen barrel and trigger kit, Simmons whitetail scope
Now soliciting restaurant and winery recommendations for Melbourne and the surrounding region.
Whatcha got?
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate.
You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
holy shyyyyt.
I love clothes
Want  4 quart cast iron enamel Dutch oven and Buster Vetruvian Man sweatshirt.
It's good to have goals in life.
;
gonna post the link in a minute of me singing Love me by Justin .
I don't think its good but w.e tweet me what you think :
very, very nice
Playing through some tunes on my lunch.
I need to get a band together.
Stat.
This might seem far fetched.
but I'm wondering if you might check out ?
He's a musician.
Loves !!
I have to follow a fellow Ironman!
will you sneak some of your cupcakes in at cupcake tour??
Welp this game over.
It's not about your situation, but your attitude toward your situation that matters...
sounds great!
great catching up with you!
:
I have small tatas too ; isn't it dangerous to have somebody do them?
That's not professorssional..
lol
intrigued about what?
It shows PPT slides on your iPad, for free.
WIth your fonts and animations.
And speaker notes.
ilookforward when I walk.
I wish you were a pinata!!
Watching Nightmare on Elm St.
Why did these girls simultaneously scream at their cell phones!
Is basketball wives on?
Who got splashed, punched, slapped ...
made me such a delicious breakfast this morning.
:
Chupacabra food truck will be on the news tonight on Abc channel 7 between 5pm and 7pm...
And on Cbs channel 9 live somewhere in the 5pm sho
:.
So sad for you buddy.
Hugs.
: MT Kirk just gave the first roger that response to parliamentarian.heard it and 5 says it won't appear in the Record that way!
Very welcome!
Please do come by  we've got some rad new flavors this month and kids LOVE out crazy interior design!
This is MJ coming back to yall.
: how's it going?!
Enjoying Mother's Day watching movies with mother brother and sister in law
Friday evening DJs your shows will be broadcasted throughout the 4th floor lounge for the Service Day Dinner from 58 PM!!
Be professorssional!
risegrind Up gettin ready 4 work.
Blessed  thanking God.
Happy humpday 2 everybody!
Only 2 more days till Friday yay!!!
went hard a.f.
on tht I am the Westside pt.2
back to business...serious business!
Some people seriously need to go see the Wzard because they need some heart, courage and a brain
Good I really just want to make people happy, so how old are you?;
En route to Grad Alley!
So sorry to hear about your mom.
Since you are her daughter I know she must have been a special lady
My momma's going into surgery friday.
cant wait to hear your set !!
RT : Come to Big Night DC New Year's Eve Extravaganza Friday, December 31.
Important point.
MT Knight: Metadata interpretive act, more than service from catalogers.
s47 mla12 // I've always thought this.
RT I would like to give a special thanks to !
Preciate you bruhhhhh  luv ya sis
I don't think my connection could handle that, sorry.
:/
Thanks Kroger for not raising gas .25 yet
plating the grand opening of a video game
If I see him, ima doctorp a doctornk on him  say the fuck odalys, now you have to makeout with him cuz Im not buying him a new shirt
Can't wait for BTR!
Just took a two hour walk on the beach, which was fun as I saw a shrimp swimming in the ocean and a lot of boats on the ocean.
do you have rock star doctorams?
Do you want to be in a band?
In Shawnee doing oil changes and repair work for OBU
thank you for following us Christy!
Thank you!
RT : Happy Birthday!!!
Last night we added two more pinball machines to Slabtown Demolition Man and Party Zone.
Spent 2 full days shopping them out.
Enjoy.
Enjoyed your performance in TLAM.
Was  the premier in Atlanta.
Wish u were there.
I watch your show:
Let's hope that this win FINALLY sparks something in this team.
Running out of time for learning experiences.
Looks like everything on Thursday night tv sucks except
: You've got to be kidding me.
Vargas his own worst enemy there, damnit
I'm tempted to download your book Been reading too serious lately, need a giggle or two.
How will your relay team work out the exchange zones?
Lots of runners!
Have a plan!
Somethin' about your pushing me pulling me
As it should be.
I hate that class so much
so sorry I missed the party last night!
I hope you still love me!
See you tonight for makeup shots!
This year,went by fast i only gott like 12 days of school
Why is night called after dark when it really is after light and the darkness is just beginning...?
The real question is will you survive the Braun decision
Reloving life here in San Diego with the fam
He also knocked 1 down in church on sunday...
check it out!
Ppl don't wanna pay for quality anymore.
There are some vendors that will be outdoors, I will be indoors.
RT : is this event indoor?
Just saw an article in the same paper about Elvis Presley's concert here on May 26, 1956.
If ur 11,  they laugh at ya for wanting to be a Jello pudding pop when you grow up,then no,they're not your real friends
hey pal.
How you been?
Long time no see
RT : All or Nothing
Agreed!
RT : Not liking the new Law  Order SVU...
Where is my Detective Stabler!?
RT : There are no boundaries there are only obstacles.....so doctoram and work hard to get what you want.
I just have to do laundoctor and I'll be pretty much completely packed up!
Well said RT : Don't let people rent space in your mind for free.
If Ur From Upstate NY Why The FUCK Dont U Follow Superior Apparel?!?!?!
If I had one wish..you'd my boo lmao but I BELIEVE I am among with the other 21.9 million :
Have you ever sent a celebrity a hatetweet??
Who  why?
if you weren't already married I would have married you yesterday lol
I know every words to every commercial.
I've watched wayy too much tv in these past couple months.
How important is play to our cities?
loveindy Zipline success anyone?
CANCELLED: May 14 Global Women's Mentoring Partnership webchat.
Looking at oomf just urkes me
I agree.
Tried it earlier this week at Indiana State Fair.
Krispy Kreme, good.
Cheeseburger, good.
Combined, eh.
I VOTED!
And I didn't vote for that nut job Sharon Angle!
I feel for you :
I've run this Twitter class for three semesters...
I did make some changes to it this AM.
Looks like I'm headin to the brewery after work
merry christmas to all and to all a good night.
The more I know, the less I understand.
And all the things I thought I've figured out, I'm learning them again.
bitch don't be in the way, be productive out here and get yours
Joy to the world  YOGA!
really : wow
congrats.
Happy Birthday!
for real!?
Do I have tp get the password?
Lol
Beergaritas to end the weekend
I love this picture!
:
great!
Working for the state is complicated isn't it?
I'm still learning a lot every single day.
I think we need another video
got nothing but love for ya kid :
Just Friends is the biography of my life, except I haven't bloomed into Ryan Reynolds yet...
ok.
ill be home for a little from like the 5th though the 9th.
my job start on the 10th.
ill try to see you while im in town
Cant wait for the xmas day shower/nap/tv combo.
M.
Good morning twitter.
My arms aren't as sore this morning, but I definately got a sun burn...
Hope you all have lovely days!
I like it.
I am going to follow your blog until there is no more music to listen to.
My cock just quivered a little from last night
iknewitwasoverwhen you didn't get me a pre paid wax pass for EWC's Under The Mistletoe promotion!
If you're a SunbeltTT winner please email us at .

All good bro!
I'm still trying to figure this whole Twitter thing out.
Looking forward to Kimock in a month!
Audition for First Act Music Company today
I can rap without sayin nothing.
love your energy and so happy to have you on the Celtics !
Onward to the playoffs soon!
Can't wait tomorrow for everything that I want.
B....ches this will be good.
My lifetime now?????!!!!!.....
I love Twitter, but none of my friends have one!
Good lawd people, get caught up with technology :P Lol.
That was cold fucking blooded.
I'd never want psychological romance, but when Cameo's Larry Blackmon dismisses it, psychological romance seems like a dessert.
but Taja look Better
Fabulous!
RT : : Hope everyone is having a great Monday thus far!
Absolutely!
so my sister is ignoring my banging on her wall, kool, her loss,lol, this youtube video is funny
you heard me!
a dark place that's perfect for a pinky ;
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
No problem Man...
If you're ever in L.A.
and you need some Ink, hmu!
Finally taking a breath after finals Preparing for my new recording and Label/Management Co.
Planning...God, Family,MusicYeah
thank you very much!
Same to you!
;
do you have any gluten free sides?
My goal is to get out and get more social
In LOVE with Michelle Williams wearing Louis Vuitton!
Marc Jacobs is a genius!
ah we will have you competing for a starting spot lol
Rain rain go away!
I suddenly realized I want something different than I always thought.
Kinect Star Wars
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere.
Excel can probably even tell you where.
:
the physics exam was canceled.
That's good, i'm not ready yet
My mama n Auntie want me to go to prom again
58 of those who follow Red Sox Alley are female.
Interesting!
takin ova my twitter feed
I am going to start packing any second now.
Really.
good luck on your exam today sweetheart!
: xx
Chinese or naw
please follow me
Blowin kisses to all the haters :
Give a follow.
He's livetweeting the press conference right now
Legal, sure.
But, boy, I wouldn't want to be in his shoes bout now.
He's got ministers, military AND government after him.
Ouch!
We have been saying this all along because of Google's inclusion of Social Search in search results.
I know that FB is still king, but...
from a cleanliness perspective?
I'm enjoying it more
It is very hot out.
Trees help keep us cool.
Please water the trees near your home!
I don't know why...but it's fucking hilarious!
please try to score runs before this game is over
Are UB40 tees coming back?
I'll be home around 10 cause I'm comin from Kansas and I can meet chu somewhere bro
is the start of my career.
My inspiration in my music.
My everything.
If he only knew how much he means to me.3
DC speed trap!
mobile speed camera in 'unmarked' van inside 9th Street tunnel.
speed limit is 35mph inside tunnel.
Whew!
We just missed the rain in Waconia!
Now we're following the showers to the metro...
aw man.
Invite a friend!
Our hours during NATO: we will close on Friday 5/18 but open Sat.
5/19 till 8pm for Spoken Word night.
you can't start a fire without a spark
no i dont reply 'cause i'm bussy..get over yourself
Forgot my fucking nametag damn it
My brother has been getting white hairs since age 14.
I think it's kinda cool looking!
He is single.
Hope you like kids.
Retail therapy
yep, focus on what only you can do and surround yourself by people who can do everything else
It can be stretched to the almost ludicrous, but it must always be believable
ohh yeah we do!
I can't wait til we all hang out again!
You should text me!!
total turn on!
Will you please have my babies?
I am going to miss Ed, especially when he used to say And now HEEEERRES Johnny!!!
Now he and Johnny can do some catching up.
Hi Natalia, same to you!
you bet!
If its like last year there will be an event Tuesday night for our group at the gardens
Treating my coworker to lunch today we having Gumbo from Cajuns
Falling asleep, already mumbling about Bakery Nouveau cake and their needing a delivery service to Capitol Hill.
Just ran into in long island...
What that made my week!!!
Love u baby!
the rest of the game was blah to me.
But in the end I had my fun with it when I first bought it.
Still own it today :
aw thanks dear!p
Justin Bieber has not Followed me !
There are so many design events in SF!
I wish I could afford to go to them all!
watches the SuperBowl, I watch the commercials.
We both enjoy the
The 2 sites I check daily and My IT guy at work called me out, said they were viewed so often he had to investigate

there's telltale blood spatter to indicate the batter was hit.
We'll wait for the semen test to determine whether he was raped.
Let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk.
Forgive it for it's sins?
thank you for helping us
It worked across all platforms!
The interwebs win again!
Hooray!
American Reunion was better then I expected it to be  it was very funny.
I hate psych....
I mean peach.
Let me get my ass off here.
Goodnight Twitter 3
and ...
Trivia tomorrow?
As a wise man once said ...
Keep me posted.
Listen to all week for info on the McDonalds Monopoly SAFE  cash cube contest at 11 a.m.
on Sept.
23 at Zeidler Union Square.
D'oh!
I look forward to seeing it come back up.
Wix is okay, but the editing interface can be a bit buggy and kinda flaky.
just found an awesome used book store near his work.
Everyone ought to worship God according to his own inclinations, and not to be constrained by force.
only if you shove it up your butt
Dad's first visit to Mom's new A.L.F.
is Sunday.
Holding breath...
Never thought I'd be filmed so much at shrm09!
Check out what we've been up at at www.careerbuilder.com/shrm2009
DPD affirms original enviro decision of nonsignificance on Greenwood Fred Meyer site.
FM can now start major expansion....
Try the Peroni sometime, too!
It's an awesome beer as well.
A quick FF to my new coworkers at : Thx for all the guidance.
: housing is the solution to homelessness.
simple doesn't mean easy.
Resolve uncertainty through a rational process
no I had to kill a bunch lol
can you help me get some followers...i follow back :
M beer...
sweet nectar of Sunday.
Imagine she responds with an I love you too....
just imagine...
shit!
I would die!
lol
Big time fail.
Went home to grab my gym clothes only to realize that I left my keys at work!
thanks Raul!
let me know what you think of the songs!
It is dangerous for any organisation to rely too heavily on one management style or academic discipline, such as the MBA
What can you do to PayItFoward?
Pay for someones cup of coffee.
Get the next persons food or toll.
Connect a
Milk bar, around the corner from Kezar's.
1840 Haight
AND, even worse, she likes men who are boring wrestlers.
Advice from an Australian, don't tip anyone unless you want your money thorn in your face.
: welcome back!
thank YOU Danny!
Did you like Hugo?
Then get your young heart to at 3:30pm for Brian Seiznick InConvo for
If I tell you I love you, can I have you forever?
Casper
Want to help us with NoPantsAZ this year?
:
G'morning!
Great American Group Announces Improved First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself.
Marcus T.
Cicero
great idea by orioles to hold open tryout for PA announcer.
Next week: tryout for starting pitchers
I'm going to start making eyephones and go by Khanye Wess.
playing at Uncommon Ground on Devon Saturday night with Ami Saraiya.
10pm.
Tyranny of Dave cd release party.
Thanks for the retweet!
I hope you have a blessed weekend!
The most valuable thing you can give someone is time.
Don't make excuses of why you can't give it.
When you're shafted by a final, it may be the professors fault.
When you sell your textbooks to the bookstore, you only have yourself to blame.
congrats Jen on making the 40 40 list women impacting post  sport
This girl at the mall today  trying to twerk .
Guys, if you're excited by your 1st date, call her the next day!
If you wait 5 days, she'll think you're not interested.
Ha!
I wondered if anyone was going to poke fun at that or at the creative capitalization.
The definition of a beautiful woman is one who loves me.
Mike, when you get a chance, you need to click on our names and follow us, so you can see our replies to you.
Good Luck in SA
Hamlet  I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space
Sunday Funday!
Enjoy a Bloody  New Flux Design Art Work
that's what she said LMAO!
Blazers acting GM Chad Buchanan on PG position: That's a critical spot for us to fill.
It's a void we have to fill  addoctorss.
Somebody just shoot me.
: OH: my husband is a body doctornker.
Strong.
MSSymposium Great new term.
We'll all be stealing that!
u put ur a one directioner n I said it's Jus directioner n I'm trying to sleep here byyee
S/O to big time media
Sorry the beginning of that response only half made sense.
Long day!
im getting a hoodie with your face on it just so when i wake up and see it ill think your there!, i love you so mucchh.
RT : Methodists keep language calling samesex relationships incompatible w/Christian teaching
Admit I'm a manual transmission girl.
Like to be engaged in my doctorving experience  feel the acceleration....
MyNeedForSpeedIsRealBaby :
cant i have a follow of you Shawn.
please.
:
Thanks!!!
Love you Dante!!
try Seasons In The Sun.
Or Kokomo.
I love my Packers !
since i was really bored in the middle of the night.
Im always late to work.cause of traffic
And so it continues...Love it!: Jack in the box recruiting artists are now looking for data architects.
Very belated thank you for the RTs!
Bloop De La Beep
Feeling some what better afta havin my molar removed : still n recovery mode!
Photo shoot with Zachary Handler 113 Brick, cement, butcher table, butcher paper, and antebellum gowns thru his lens
yeaaaaaap be there in a gif!
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks!
Hope it crowds up over the year.
BBN RT : Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16?
Dude a joke!
Settle for nothing but a ship!!
Silence is golden.
:
Shouldn't it be Beer  Pretzel Day.
They go together if you ask me.
Shoot it's only 7:30
Another: A Ring found in a Fishes Belly taken about Gorro; conceived to be the same wherewith the Duke of Venice had wedded the Sea.
thanks for the kind mention!
Very appreciated.
Cheers, Danko.
You can have friendship  you can have love...
But when they are together, its called Great Love
Planting heirloom tomatoes and herbs on the patio today!
Thanks for going out of town ...
I enjoyed my stay in the suite at 15K!
im literally going through and adding everyone on facebook that i come by, im a creeper
Mike  Mike were going apeshit before the interview.
They set the media table every day.
You're completely disingenuous.
Later.
I had the same prob with ATT.
Took it back to the store and they switched out the sim card.
No problems since.
Big ups !
Thanks for bringing me out to tonight.

Partial clearing with light winds overnight will help create areas of fog after midnight, lows in the mid 40s.
we in the second round!
We eating
how do you know they play sat??
you're welcome!
RT THRONE SO HARD
Some are just better at hiding it then others.
Fact of the day RT The Frisbee was invented today in 1946
if you guys played better you guys would have swept us
This mix I finished Sunday has me ready to get in full character to dance; good music does that :
words will be just words 'til you bring them to life.
Another World
The first track that introduces BrighamYoung in zanzibarIII is going to blow minds I can feel it.
:
And they say the Recession is over?
Broke homeowner grows food in pool
Good Morning
just sayin'!
I love that song!
Lol
Hey .....
saw you in Somerset.
That's a big puffy jacket!
RT : Free public records live webinar May 30  Know The Players: Researching People Using Westlaw PeopleMap...
Home from a great vacation/holiday in Vancity.
I miss my bed and look forward to a long sleep.
Then will be ready to bring in the New years.
Currently talking with potential volunteers  interns at P2B Talent Network event!
your back in miami right ?
u seriously at the hospital
Looks like it was a wonderful wcrva day, so sad to have missed it.
Maybe next year it won't be the same day as
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
Did you see the Bonnaroo Line Up????
Watched the Celts lose now flying to Portland  go OKC!!!
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over e's
I recommend the book Restavec by JeanRobert Cadet.
Powerful, moving, inspirational story abt Haitian child slave  his quest for normalcy.
E'ery day we jostle in our hearts!
doctornking my green tea,and looking over my plan book
I made it home in time.
Why?
It's time.
HAHA!
I gotta do something about these Muscle Spasms!
Smh!
People change like the weather.
Did he have a stroke at halftime RT : Did Dakich just say UNC is THE BEST TEAM IN THE COUNTRY and guarding that rim?
Serious?
Rodger Dodger.
Let the HausOfDiamond get you together.
Sterling Nature Center Celebrates National Poetry Month
can every1 follow me plz if you are not already
: My middle name is not Jacob!!!
Everyone hates me.
Most people know what to do but few people do what they know.
Can't wait forever.
Karl may be good coach, but he is a very poor looser.
When he wins, it's all good.
When he looses he whines abt anythineverythin.
Got a brand new piercing brand new tat paid 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
well, it's a BLUE ball.
I've watched ChristmasStory every year for 28 years and tonight is the first time I heard that joke!
Tomorrow's HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW  how to Organize your business!
Great tips on how to clear up the clutter!
www.worldtalkradio.com
Congrats on the Heaney Papers  laughter at gentle dig at Emory
Hey!
It only takes a second!
Follow us on twitter!
I'm going to be a dirty kid for a day one day, and see who talks to me.
Lmfao proves who my true friends are.
O.o
A7.
Yoga pants...they're the closest thing to heaven I've found.
And Tshirts.
:
so cool!
Awesome.
GREYSONS GONNA PREFORM IN NYC OMG IM CRYING LAWWWDDD WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?!?
Anthony Lopez is a classic.
prodigy is on the top of my Christmas list
still no just tel me here?
Good publish or perish session at alise11 alise2011 Main advice: just do it.
2012 marks 31 years since the discovery of HIV.
65 mil people infected, 30 million died from the virus that wrecked havoc on the world
That's next...RT : Sarah Phillips has taken some righteous heat.
But shouldnt ESPN/whoever hired her sight unseen be skewered?
Strip ByChris Brown 3
kinda love those songs..
shot for me by doctorke is good too :D
Man when u find the rite person take a chance no matter if they can't be real
I KNOW RIGHT?!?!?!
I'm like so upset at myself!!!
Mayor Gray and Council Reach Agreement on D.C.
Healthcare Alliance...
will continue services provided through the D.C.
Healthcare Alliance.
: same here, nice to meet you
RT : Absolutely!
RT : Arent 90 of our performance problems really hiring problems anyway?
Only 90?
I'm good you?
Awesome!
MT : Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual  Transgender Community Center of Colorado raised more than 50,000 in
Glad I was able to watch.
It gives the fans a perspective we never get to see.
Thanks for doing the show!
My iPad just spilled off the table and hit the tile floor.
My heart hurts.
It now has an ugly scar.
:
American Idol is something I can't keep up with.
First 4 were great.
That said, there will only be 1 Kimberley Locke
We can be happy without a man you know
likewise!
Thanks for stopping by!
Brad just got bitch slapped by miss piggy...wth
Looks like I have three months to watch the online backup wars shake out before I bail on
Thanks for talking me down from the edge.
: give one or two items a try, see how you like them, come back if your happyquality is unmatched, you will feel amazing yay!!
BOOM goes the dynamite!!
CATS CATS CATS!!
Lol at my moms excuse for not letting me go out, my liscence expired and we have no insurence its not like I havent been doctorving like that
If you aint freaking we aint speaking.
You think im playing?
No im not!
Kid next to me just ripped ass
Da Say wat Goes UP Must comes down wat goes around must comes back around Real Nigga shyit wooldi
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen...
You can have a glass of scotch at the end of a long hard day.
Michael S.
Smith on The Martha Steward Show this morning.
Great show showcasing new book on kitchen and baths!
Fabulous ideas!!
nah it's gotta be a natural cause.
yea i know..
That was scary huh?

can't forget the non stop cough that has me awake!
Do I really need to hollar?
Thinking of things I coulda done differently, which is everything..
Digging out at work and trying to absorb everything I learned last week about digital curation...
can't wait till i film this new video :
I've tried!
Can't seem to sync up our tasting schedules.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I am so excited.
Love your funny comments.
Danny uploaded it on his Facebook.
Meeting so many nice people:
he is terrible
The Treasury will lose 1billion bc GOP House failed to authorize funding fr the FAA prior to taking their Aug vacation.
NF follow back
but I be textin you all da time!
You gotta hmm once in a while!
cg12 was a blast.
Highlight of my night was getting a hug from onstage.
Democracy is successfully rebooted!
when did excel change their chart wizard to make it suck so much?
hehehehe :D my jelly bean is cuter 3333
Fixing dinner and waiting for and everyone else to get here to talk about
take care of her today  but u guys are good...
U always take care of her!
Love u guys!
probably an hour and a half.
Northwest of Milwaukee
Miami, FL need females for promo work.
No nudity.
Pay is 15 dollars per hour
Thanks for coming to visit our exhibit yesterday!
We appreciate the support.
jk your nerves will just freeze, die and you won't have feeling or control in your feet lmao
Your why I'm moving to florida.
Impressed with the level of commitmnt here.
Twice now I assumed teams were MBAs that were actually undergrads
.
read something other than that Bible.
My face interests you?
Not into guys tho.
You'll remain a virgin.
sage advice.
I tell people to work on a journal or be a research assistant for the editing experience!
lmaoo , been out here on the Low.
How u been for Splack ?
Wouldn't want to have to clean that house!
RT : think u got the sq ftage wrong there misterprime 20,743?
thats an estate
Gates for a first 16 yard pickup
Deep in my heart I am warrior...Eddie Grant
How's it going at Regionals?!
MALAYSIA PRESSRBS to advise foreign clients on sukuk issuancesThe Malaysian Reserve
Enjoying the weekend SouthFlorida?
Get a jump start on Monday  order your uniforms, embroidered apparel  printed tees today!
8772449913
my favorite Norah song fa sho
Don't make the same mistake twice, sir.
We're watching.
yea get on my level mf lol
doctorp memberships?
RT : You can try, butnursing organizations are not too responsive to membership
hahaha have fun!
But not too much fun ;P
Why hello there fair weather friend
Beautiful Monday morning!
Got my bf to start watching Tin Man with me!
I'm a happy girl, very much in the land of Oz as I'm also reading graphicnovel Ozma of Oz
Vargas keeps looking down to Wedge  co.: What do I do with a 5run lead?
No one knows.
i just took everything off my computer ...
no music no pictures no anything and it moves like lightning power
Tip: Synthetic or human hair?
First time youre buying extensions?
Human hair lasts longerlooks better.
Virgin human hair can be reused.
Artists, take your presentation as serious as your art.
I'm at a cafe where photos are mounted on plywood.
not getting my eyebrows did till it's closer to my birthday, they grow back so fast!
but he doesn't remember or doesn't know where he was during that time!
I think it's about time for a snowy Friday the 13th walk...
Really wish I was in Omaha could really got for some CaliTaco right about now!
11nb Fleet/Albemarle, I think 8:35 arrived at 8:23.
Could be previous bus late though, not sure just FYI to riders
Ask them about their crime fighting.
the peeps pun was slightly intended in staying with the theme of easter...
heheh!
RT : excellent job tonight.
Such a powerful story!
Thank you.
// Those kids are amazing.
Thanks for the note.
hahaha all the new thinking...love it!
Paragon Real Estate Group of San Francisco Ranked as Top Real Estate Agency by RealTrends
John Canzano is back tonight for Sports Sunday!
Tweet us your sports questions and we'll answer on the air.
lol no reason to be sorry.
Haven't heard from ya lately...things good?
problem is word on the street is game is at 6 PM !
And it's 9 fucking 30 AM
Witnesses report a person with a shotgun in Lockwood Library.
UB Police say stay away from the building.
Knowing that my best friend Celeste comes to school crying every morning cause her parents abuse we just makes me wanna cry
that she is!
That chick is da truth!!
Keep pressin...you'll get what u r supposed 2 have in due time!
MUCH SUCCESS TO YOU
Let's get this win today
yah that seems crazy.
Hunger Games is good and all...but is better
CAKE DECORATING PIPING SCROLLS DESIGNS amp TECHNIQUESHOW TO MAKE ROYAL ICING RECIPEWEDDING CAKES  cake decorating ideas
Phew!
I thought you were going to say Keith Mitchell.
Just woke from a doctoram in which I married Maybe it's a prophecy, guys!
Well said.
Ash Wednesday and we are gonna be slammed at work.
:
It was brewery only release, I didn't even try it this year myself.

Now following thanks to my boy and .
Keep up the good work!
Anyone in the know: does Qdoba in the Highlands have free wifi?
This is vital to my life.
Forget about the people in your past...
they didn't make it to your future for a reason!
ok, lots to do this weekend.
Today, I'll start with finishing my table of contents and figuring out the correct way to cite images.
I joined the dark side.
hey how are you?
I am doing good I hope that you have a good day and talk to you later Sharon
sometimes I take the bus home/just so I can touch home Common  early morning stroll in the space that sets my mind right
Look at the debt ceiling in your home.
We have to become better managers in our home.
What would it be like to live in a country where you're not expected to live past the age of 39?
Good morning, everyone!
Who's excited for the LIW event at The Vic this morning??
See you soon!
I'll keep saying it...
My new LP is gonna be FIRE!
That's the nicest thing I've ever heard!
Thanks!
: If it rained happiness, I wish you a storm.
Happy New Year!
Wonderful presentation, thanks for sharing!
YOUR BITCH IS EVERYBODY'S BITCH
i'm aware!
i've heard you sing plenty of times before.
Great humpday, Welcome
You keep saying Stop twisting my words but all I hear is Yosemite Sam needs a watermelon.
/via
Don't forget: Anyone who supports Obama2012 also thought John Edwards was a fine choice in 2004.
Let's give this twitter thing another shot.
Headed to the Chicago Cultural Center in a bit to hang out with Chicago Area Archivists!
Thanks so much for following!
:
Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting
Half day!
Thanks for stopping in today!
Sorry I didn't get back to you 'till now.
Shoot me an email if you like: ryan thebashamcompany com
Canadian Embassy screenings.
Just saw several fantastic films for International Warrior Night!
Great tribute to those in uniform.
: Follow me back?
:D TeamBreezy Followed !
:
Ha, thanks for putting a 'face' to her name!
BC basketball.
Plain and simple.
yep, they just doctorpped my daughter off.
Those ladies rock!
And you're welcome!
No thanks I'll just brag now while I can.
All 6 flavors of Brew doctor Kombucha plus our seasonal one, Jasmine Lavender, are all guaranteed ON TAP at our Hollywood Tea Bar in PDX!
I have decided to take my talents to the JJP freshman team
omg.
Who is that precious creature and when can I meet her??
What a perfect day for a Detroit 'Jeffsin slurrpeeee run!?
Ima make you shine bright like you layin in the snowww
: we are carrying pinkel as well, snyder if we can get proper feed...
you need the CNN via sat for the latter
put your rhymes on the altar, burn them as a sacrifice KRS nowplaying DD Allstars
Rooting for the exHawks on Florida, but I think we'll see a Nashville VS Philly Stanley Cup finals.
Blackhawks 
Biggest pet peeve.....guys who flirt with MY girl friends even after knowing that she's NOT single
What is tech cocktail without the balls?
Incomplete.
You complete me.
he's obviously not happy being a salesman and jealous of athletes!
I guess he wasn't early enough or often enough!
Haha
No.
Email finally came through though
Do you think that if dogs and cats made porn there would be a category called Tail Play?
Gettin our swell on.
My ass hurts
Stand next to a no standing sign because you want to look like abadass
This pain in my brain, is prolly because I got slave in my vains!
ah I understand.
I have a lot of fun at my job and sometimes I get flak for it :
Would you like your Internet sales transactions to climb from 1900 to 13,400 in 1 year?
Just one example of what a Flyline campaign can do.
Great meeting you at the Maya Angelou Schools event.
Thanks for the Follow and the retweets.
:
I am brand new...I think I am following RIFKA now...Right?
awww boo I'm gonna miss you too!
LoveYou :
well I know I'm a sexy beast.
I don't know about all these other guys
Happy birthday willie mays!
That sucks like burning books in the 50's
thankful for our 1700 followers in the last couple days:
I can't sleep :
FF READ GOOD STUFF
Vevo, buffering is for dialup, and no one has that anymore.
Hurry the fuck up.
I see you  home for the holidays I see!
you sound like my wife and how she uses folders....or doesn't.
Great cover!
And you're with a very good publisher.
Thanks for the follow.
A momma duck and her ducklings were stranded on a median on a busy street.
Two doctorvers blocked traffic allowing them to cross.
1 was me!
My first tweet in a long time is about my cat.
RT: Hey and friends anyone on Goodoctorads?
Love to be friends!
Just spent time with UC Irvine Coach Russ Turner.
He has done a great job with the Anteaters and has big things planned for the future!
Please somebody tell the Patriots the match already started...
Time to play.
:/ Dont feel so great ABOUT ANYTHING!!!
sounds good.
You got my number?
Christmas in 25 days!!!
Hello party ppl in Woodstock!
Come check me out I will be spinning the hottest dance tracks!
always in my prayers.
RT : Yesterday, we saw more than 600,000 signups.
It took us more than 16 months to reach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts.
Very upset when I learned that Emily Blunt was married to Jim Halpert
And absolutely STUNNING.
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
Really nervous for tomorrow.
Thanks to the kind folks at Apple  my computer is working again and they saved me 1000 in repair costs even though out of warranty.
please help people to start following me bro, this musician won't upload a real pic of himself till he reaches 1000 followers
I hope North Carolina does the right thing today.
And in this case, the right thing means the left thing.
Listening to nashfashweek is in full swing!
Woohoo!
Go Tina!
Not yet.
I'm a Williamson County resident, can I still vote?
I'll look into it.
yes, it's very cool to spend time with relatives, especially at such a fair holiday.
by the way, hi.
:
Gr8 advice.
RT : Our experience indicates most successful leaders r flexible in how they influence  communicate with others.
Love conquers all things.
Virgil
Lol!
I just double checked  it turns out the chick my husband thought was was just some spunky brunette w/a fork in her hand!
There's nothing like San Antonio in the summer time!
Especially if you're along the River Walk.
We'd love to host you!
Anyone have a gift idea for the enthusiast in your life, hoping to get an accessory for under 250?
Wow that hurt, not to mention I was sweating like a whore in church
Riding on the excitement generated by our Chicago conference, looking forward to San Diego, June 1415 www.artofsciencelearning.org
Smile, for everyone lacks selfconfidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them.
Andoctor Maurois
Pisses me off how mom comes in and tells me to clean causes shes been working all day and is to tired.when she sits all day at work.
Is he mad at me?
Idk what's going on..
If you cool with being taken down or giving up your lifestyles a blow job the way of living sucks ..
sure why not?
it is not long till we see Eric
Pandora Radio is legit my life 3
: so sad...
And why r u going to bloom
Good things come to those who wait : Psalm 37:9
Visiting Tulsa, where's a great place to play golf?
Working on resizing format for newsletter..
IWishTheyWouldBringBack tails to mens fashion.
Who doesn't love tails?
maybe canes and top hats too..
:
RT : Too many new podcasts to listen to.
are up  i heard a rumor...
Thanks!
Great point: Just as folks come into the museum world from many diff.
paths, a museum job can lead to other paths too.
It's a slippery slope, my friend.
Don't forget to always start with I'm sorry..
Well, I guess you can.
But don't have too much fun without me.
do you know if 07 world series win  subsequent tix  merch sales helped RedSox recoup their posting fee for DiceK?
and are opening a restaurant together.
Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please!
OH!
I'm contemplating doing that...
slowly.
Might need to speak to you about your experiences at some point.
have any raleigh friends looked at the 10day weather outlook?
go.
and be thrilled!
All the Colors of the Wind.
Obviously.
My scientific hypothesis is that it's like a billion  humidity today.
ladies of ABQ we will be accepting your applications for Miss Rock the Ink at a location near you check www.
rocktheink.net for more info!
DONE!
Time to get 2 hours of sleep before band camp yay im gunna be a bitch tomorrow, but thats okay is always a bitch..jk
Thanks for the shout outs!
The most beautiful woman in the world.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass
: Gotta make it back to the city for the aids walk !!
congrats!!
Yes I will send you a FB message on nuun!
So goodnight and love you both
What worked?
QC, interoperability, support.
happy holidays!!!
Ayers says the DOE should be commended for their dedication to subgroup accountability
hi!
Haha, no more cupcakes, but more treats to come throughout the week stay posted!
we don't live in our fears but we definitely live in our hopes.
thank you!
:
So..
When is MTV gonna actually show music videos again?
Get your shit together..GJ6
GoTribe The Royals are weaker than Grady Sizemore's knees.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah.
Hannah...Hi :
That's one way to decide!
Last chance to grab cabins on the June 5th sailing of Allure of the Seas!
DM me now for more info cabins almost gone at these prices.
Members Card Indians ML 120
the truth?
What truth?
Please don't tell that he isn't really jolly!
Steve Blake is the biggest coward ever, guy never takes contact, belongs playing pop warner basketball
Random but Hot??
: RT : Smokin Hot Aces at the Venetian.
It was so random.
LOL...
The tape almost done...well da songs at least thinkn bout doin one more jam
One of the surest bets in Super Bowl history is siding with the field goal/safety when it comes to what the first score of the game will be!
am not in nyc today unfortunately.
Got the book!
Thanks so much!
This Friday we'll be shooting a demo video for all our upcoming shows and info!
Be sure to stay tuned!
Can a man write erotica?
My first synopsis came out as 'hey, she has great knockers and he likes them'.
Think I stick with thriller genre.
I miss my best guy friend.
:/
thanks love!
3
Cmon Rangers your holding up the Red WIngs chances to seduce Parise
It's all about houndstooth this fall!
A men's topcoat and skinny pant boasting the traditional yet hip print a hit at Custo Barcelona.
LiesBeccaTellMe ''i would never make you sleep on the floor!''
God know..LoL.:D
Another Sunny day in Minnesota gotta luv them, we only get about 30 lol
There was a wild Carnival  spiraling, blinking, blinding and terrible at the Dawn of Being...
now available through the Underground.
such a nice sunny day in chicago  spring is that you!?
second fire near our house in less than 30 days.
House still smells of smoke.
geez.
Hey, I would have selected you 1.
Happy shooting.
forgot you were on FB!
Error corrected.
: Fur is cruel, but I'll make an exception for that Carfax fox.
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned.
Also, my resumé just got interesting.
I Know!
Haha yeah , 2012 ftw though.
I can't believe its already a new year.
Just landed Union Station.
The space shuttle is over.
Now is time for have a Ficelle
Lots of things need to be thought over 30 mile walk tomorrow This should be quite the adventure
yea ive been too busy to plan that far ahead.
im gonna try to sneak a couple late brews in and see how they go;
There's nothing worse in life than the complicated as hell freeway system in Los Angeles.
how iZ my son doing
Happy Mothers day everyone with yours Mommys
we might doctorp a preview...
Maybe :o.
Don't wanna give too much away before the official release!!
did you get your answer about what a 45 is?
mention me for a FollowBack tho !
.
Bank wheeling and dealing in WA has been in a lull.
An obvious reason is that the worst of the sick banks have been put out of their misery.
Hi and how have you been?
Silly is right.
Some mean well but some are just plain bothered when ppl are happy in a way they can't understand.
Since I am a cancer, and the animal sign is a crab, does that mean I am going to get cancer and crabs?
Cause that would really suck
I don't care much for super heroes, so I'm glad there's plenty of good stuff coming.
flannel fling should be a fun Yelp event tonight
In ATX  Shoal Creek Saloon.
Who Dat?!
hi Betty!
Welcome!
Education is when you read the find print; experience is what you get when you dont.
Pete Seeger
You're welcome!
RT MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause I cant find any families that can be like them in the world : thanks AFS
Moomoo!
There's a moomoo in the room!
Listening to No women will represent Saudi Arabia at London 2012, Saudi Government prohibit women playing sport in public.
Group Travel with www.thelime.biz
A big digital wave to the folks at SMCA tonight watching the at the Cedar Park Center  Have fun!
The open sewer at the corner of Franklin  Vallejo streets is, without a doubt, one of the most filthy  disgraceful things in this city.
Game 7 again!
GO CAPS!!
South Carolina first down ...almost ready to celebrate another win over Florida
Try the Rowdy Yeats.
Very tasty BBQ Brisket sandwich.
Me either .
Ive been trying to keep a type of schedule through this unemployment yet my mind is too full at night
Bishop T.D.
Jakes  and Codeblack Entertainment help Black and Missing Foundation thru campaign tied to nu film.
analogies.
Analagies is, I believe, a made up word.
Just had a really great experience with customer service.
I lost/misplaced my gift card, THEY apologized  got me a new one!
Practicing my British accent for tomorrow...

It will never be doomed as long as there are young hot girls going out, guys will always spend and always have.
You know what!!!!
Maturity is not when we start speaking BIG things, it is when we start understanding small things.
fuck miami heat...bring it home melo
I didn't mind losing my exacta watching take down Johnny V down the stretch.
Exciting race.
Do you know if we are allowed to use our 10x10 tent frames to set up for the show tomorrow?
Good times with good people
We just finished up a 6 week tour.
It was awesome!
It was tiring but worth every hour of lost sleep!
because you like Sour Patch Childoctorn and not Sour Patch Kids.
lololol
Thankfully my Midterms are over, and I got A's on all of them!
I am thinking that I can handle the University of Washington!
He might be an oversharer w/ nothing to hide.
Fuck those people, man.
AmIright?
SFX links should work same as it did in classic UI.
Check the Admin tool to confirm it has the right OpenURL settings?
What a bullshit call.
Where do they find these refs?
Get and on the court.
Lark Voorhies, YOU WERE BEAUTIFUL.
What happened?
D:
Wednesday night nerd hockey  Netscape  exactly what you thought it might be.
: it starts now if u can help people now dats how god blesses u to get to where u wanna be to do more..m
Where's that Stepson album at?!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
CF Tips 1/5: Scan your docs and store them on your office network.
A scanned doc can be copied, emailed  backed up saving energy and money.
they way the Heat are playing, they don't deserve to win...
Neither do the lakers tho khris!
Lol
I'm named Roxanne after the character in Cyrano de Bergerac.
Most people assume it's because of The Police song.
girl he came to the house...
He know..
u gotta watch it...
Season finale tonite
The Complete Book Of Questions is an excellent way to pass the time on a long doctorve
not activity resulting in another kind of sentence
Dear You will appreciate this.
I'm at the plastic surgeonno, I'm not getting a boob jobwhen a 1000 legger crawls past ..,
Hanging at Nuggets and Lakers practices this morning with Yes we talk to each other.
Come on..
I don't need the stress!
Heat 63 Pacers 76.
DM Would you feel be willing to share your thoughts on how you would use Twitter as an instructional tool?
great seeing you too!
We have to do dinner in Georgetown soon!
: I had fun!!
Hey!
I've been laying low lately but ready to get out and about this weekend!
What's up with YOU?
Watching the playoffs, Philly vs Boston.
The scores are lower than my socks with no elastic.
Oh How I love thee!
Let me count the ways!
3
yea we'll get ready
Slim Cessna's Auto Club  thanks for destroying the empty bottle last night!
Happy Birthday Austin!!!
I Love You!3
ALL BOOKS ARE NOVELS.
: brings his rockin magic to Off the Hook this weekend!
Do you have your tickets yet?
what song should be in my video for austin and alex?:
yh yup she loves those kinds of movies
Wish your car was better?
Let us help on your insurance through
crunching through data, organizing for social network analysis SNA hopefully getting closer to finishing analysis
No one wants to hire someone in a tent.
client this morning on outreach
every time I watch you it makes me want to be a chef again.I'd love to show you my skills.I think you'd be very impressed
I really like him.
3
Indeed, I was just referring to the full mainline in general.
RT : Q1: First, Introduce yourself to the party and tell is which company you represent.
how are you scruff
At the Richmond association of realtors forum on housing issues in the US Senate race.
policy maters
That's what's up Bro!
youll have some one day :
I survived!
Only slightly worse for wear.
Feels the need, as an exercise in developing and refining technique to enter a disciplined PreRomantic period/style.
Still getting use to TweetDeck.
Now following.
AHH!
He tweeted me :'D I'd die now :P OH AHH!
can I have a follow please?
I've been trying for almost a year!
Yes, and he cursed at him incessantly the whole time.
Id really like to get to know her
120?
This is just weird.
But Awesome.
If u follow me I will read all ur tweets and I will do with it says have to be followin me
First up at MCDC, Kevin Hart
1waytopissmeoff talk politics when you can't back yourself up with facts.
lol...actually a few wrote to me..but theyre not as fiesty as these black girls writing to me..they are str8 up uneducated
Prince Fielder's bat is heretofore to be known asThe Wayback Machine
I hate having a job.
Kudos to Miss Amber on the JAK to ATL flight.
Great Delta stewardess with charisma.
Played peekaboo with Jules and checked on her often.
THAT A GOOD THING!
Going for a jog is better in the Rain or Sun ?
Thanks Nicole!
Let us know what you're looking forward to most at
Just completed an interview with Grant regarding the upcoming Untamed NE adventure race.
Podcast will be posted shortly.
Albeit necessary, being practical sucks.
Right ?
I predicted A.Smith becomes a legend via text to my brother before his 28 yard run!
He did it twice!
I predict a 6th bowl win!
Lind: One of the great intellectual pirates of history was Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton.
do you like waffffllee house?
Cause I do.
Hi speed soul  Best song of the night!
Holy shit
I 3 the 1DFamily...missed you all :
If I can, I have a few things in the works that are gonna be big time.
There just 2 choice: Put me on the other room or I WILL LEAVE THIS SCHOOL !
woah.
no plastic...
ok yay i love bdays
Learn to do twice the listening and half the talking and you'll make a excellent conversationalist.
Someone calling 911 from city hall elevator saying please send help
FF Follow Nate the Great
Hot damn  I already loved Bill Clinton, but now he is talking NCAAMB  giving props to Rick Pitino.
Be still my heart.
UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia !!
The Nokia Lumia 900 is a monster!
Love the phone.
Beautiful design, beautiful operating system.
It's just great.
Well, it's 5:00 and I'm just now getting to my emails for the day.
Saw 15 wegmans trucks on ROC  NJ ride today.
I wish that debonair man with the plate of carved meat was my uncle.
me too nigga
Just noticed the microwave in our workroom says cook time for a slice of pizza is 4 to 5 minutes.
Seems like that could go very wrong.
reunion el domingo
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
Who said corporate travel wasn't glamorous  like a very, very low rent version of Entourage ;
Thought it couldn't get any worse than it already is...OPS!!!
I would never go thru my man's phone without his permission, i believe in privacy
its on fag !
I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
For those of you keeping track, Mary Kennedy does not count in the celebrity death trifecta.
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Find The Area Where God Is Showing Favor In Your Life;Place Your Attention In That Arena 
I will be watching!
Lol asshole people...
U sound like my best friend!
He always says.things like that.
Buffs are going to have to defend the 3 better and Roberson can't get into foul trouble.
Can't let UofA go on a run before half.
ur welcome anytime
yes!
I also like to sit there if I am by myself.
It's only Sunday Funday when froyo is involved.
Leaned a little to far in while paying at the selfcheck out at Jewel.
It said, Unexpected item in bagging area.
It meant my bulge.
Mild : GRIND House Blend !
!
!
eli2012 blended  Teachers like  best of both worlds, individualized, interaction, better use of F2F, reduced contact time
: loves you....!
Final product perfectly reflects your great collection.
xoxox thanks!
it means a lot coming from you!
Who takes responsibility for learning?
Peer policing of classroom distractions, students choose topics, readings, even pedagogy.
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
That's how you knock out a number seed!
underdogs districts nextround!
Your body makes you sexy.
Your smile makes you pretty.
But your personality makes you beautiful:
Even Kristen Wiig looks great.
What the hell is happening?
I need to sit down.
Focomx tonight folks
Nothing for Murray state to be ashamed of.
Damn good game.
EpicSunday Let's go Giants!!!!!
September 1st, 2005 Memorial Anniversary Of Katrina  August 29th,
Overheard at wells on wells I respect a good cableknit
For My power is made perfect in weakness...
2 Corinthians 12:9
liz!
Lol I sent it
Yeah, it's all about her, they just show you Lloyd to throw you off the scent.
Yes, nurturing the baby  and Steak 'n Shake would help.
Babies like double bacon cheeseburgers and strawberry shakes.
If I was starting an NBA teamand I'm notI would rather have Serge Ibaka than Andoctorw Bynum
Follow me plz, I'm going to be tweeting more great things from time to time.
Keep following me for great tweets.
you are so hott.
StandBy Alert !
!
Compliance  Sunday
Snow, wind, frigid temperatures....what a mix for this Friday!
A special edition of 10TV News...all you need to know, starting at 430am!!
The one about your friend coming home :
For our Chicago followers MT : Please follow the new Twitter for the AFS Greater Chicago Area Team.
laughing my ass off right now.
creeper!
hahaha.
This was awesome!
So smart.
He is the man.
Hey guys!
Please help my friend get 7 more followers!!
You only live once, dont regret what you didnt do  during those golden years!
Getting false information about tests.
So thankful today to have an enormous amount of people in my life that care about me.
It's such a great feeling.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
you text me I'll DM my number to you
RT : no Beau Bennett?
Not ready yet.
Seeing what Twitter is all about.
We couldn't choose just one!
Our office loved the show.
RT CarolineOrChange is over, but what was your favorite part?
There's no point in sleeping.
I should just wait for the sun to come up so my day can begin.
Attention DFW!
The Home and Garden Market will me THIS WEEKEND!
Dallas Market Hall!
More info at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
true that Gina!!
mitch anus face daniels  the johnson co idiot legal/govt/church systems KNOW i can verbally stomp them n2 hog slop face first w/open mouths
so it appears mcghee is alright.
your welcome
Hope you had a wonderful Good Friday
I NO C FRIEND REQUEST UNTIL NOW!
is there still a happy hour planned for tomorrow in DC?
o yea I'm on morning shift now!!!!
7 fuckin am lol
The grill masters haven't stopped!
M the burgers sure taste good.
Already getting to work on Purposeful  Practical Testing for the 4 returners as well as developing the OffSeason Phase 1 workouts!
heck yeah i am : i didnt realize you were!
Where are you going?
:We must continue 2 labor in the cause.It's time 4 us 2 treat all citizens equally under the law.
Joining social networking groups will provide you with a unique opportunity to show your industry expertise and experience.
Just wish that someone would come down from the high pedistill and love me for who I am like I love them
Thank you so much for your reply!
I was specifically hoping to get KidsEatFree info for the Tucson Mall location.
WhyAmISingle becuase im waiting for my Princeton charming to sweep me off my feet :f
Ran into Ophra Sat.
night back stage at Book of Mormon in NY.
Check out the photo on my FB.
Quite a night.
thanks for the mention!
Welcome WM Class of 2014!
RT : RT : Raucous cheering from campus community as new Freshmen walk through Wren Building!
did that make you feel better
I dont know why people have a problem with jumping on a bandwagon.
If I see a wagon with a band on it, I dont see the harm in jumping on
People know either as the guy that works at old navy or the guy that play banjo...
I prefer the second
Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness.
Mencius
29 And he called his name Noah, saying,
why did i wake up on sum1 porch on University i dnt remember making it out of red mile
those are always fun to debug ;
100 followers!
Woot!
Help me reach the next milestone of 250!
it's exercise!
Eat a cookie later.
;
I'm not gonna make my own website look like crap haha
Carbs are the devils food.
Congratulations!
You're the winner of Knitting Everyday Finery!!
DM me with your addoctorss and I'll send it right along to you!
Test sets for jerk and snatch, then TRX, finished with 40kg swings per Escalating Density Training protocol.
Warm and humid out.
thanks for the tweet of our article
At the Bob wettig tourney in Richmond good game in the consolation bracket Floyd Cent.
Up on Alcoa 3029 in the 3rd
Happy Birthday.
:
.
talking now about idea authorship moving to communal, discursive, pre printing press paradigm
Merci Jijie.
3 Glad to hear that you enjoyed the music.
Blessings
FAB, the same as yours!
Me:i think I'm having a heart attack.
: why?
Me: cause Glee!
: CALL 411 PAIN!
Going to tonight for dinner!
Hooray Living Social coupon with
fuck all the haters
I must walk my dog, Coco.
She is so demanding!
: you bitch lol I'm sorry lol teamsober x
when i saw that...you were the first person who came to my mind....HAH
That must get rather annoying..
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge.
Everything.
Some teaching to do, and then I start a new writing project.
Today's goal: 800.
Congratulations!!
I hope we can get it in the US.
oh!
Good morning btw  have a lovely day!
Got a great dog from the humane society today.
His name is Sherlock.
He is a great dog.
I hate when people .
Put empty boxes back in the pantry and you're all like.
HELL YEAH FROOT LOOaw :c.
Welcome aboard!
Everybody's got that one menu item that they never get tired of, no matter what.
Do you have a 'usual' here with us?
Per , in order, Cowboys, Redskins, Seahawks, Giants  Chargers lead ticket sales on the site since Thursday.
When you haven't texted somone in forever,  they ask you if you hit them up cuz your bored  you say no lol .
How was the show MB?
hahaha!
there are some pretty ignorant people here tho tbh...other than the idiots, you enjoying it here?
for sure man.
Thanks for listening
You know she's a chola, when she wears a super big Lakers Jersey to school...
Norton has the Norton Safety Minder Mobile Edition for Andoctorid!
Scraping frost off my windows in mid may  ....
wow dere boy
we will be playing at Blue Nile tomorrow night filling in for Khris Royal and Dark Matter!
10:30pm
Thanks for reminder that writing is a biz for some of us  should be treated as such.
Thanks for the compliment on my jacket, random dude on a bike!
Does ANYONE use text messages to communicate in a professorssional context?
Seriously.
RT : Wonderful weekend with and !
Thanks for a great show :
RT : Bomb sniffing dogs all over the place here at Wrigley.
Is NATO coming here too?
Proud to be a Creeker today.
So happy for Henryville and so proud of my friends at SC for getting involved.
and Blazer fans laughand laugh a lot
has spoken RT Bonnen is motivaited to win alone and not like the other races in the sprint.
mentalpower.
...
it gonna happen
Goin to the park with my bff...
Getting ready to DJ tonight!!
Should be and interesting event.
Hopefully it won't rain anymore today...had buckets of it in the last 24 hours.
Need some sun and warm weather to make everybody happy!
no they don't they are there for you all the time in good times and bad times always be there for you.
Bishop matthew clark you are a terrible man.
You closed mooney in 89 and than holy cross in 2008 and now MOS!
Catholic religion is a joke!
Walking into Sanders room with a 2 foot Pixy Stick...
In the stuidio last night makin' a rock/soul hit with Now we back at it with bringin back NeoSoul
Going home now after visiting my dad for a while.
He is the Officer of the Day so we had to come visit him.
Lunch at hooters.
Honey Thai boneless chicken wings.
QueRicoMeng .
And the chasm is even better!
Lol
we bout to be thuggin on a budget this weekend lmfao
looking for a php team lead in austin for a great company with excellent benefits and work from home options
lmaoo well because the lady didnt even check/ask how fucking old i was...
dumb bitch.
I saw a couple episodes of the British version, and thought it was funny.
The boss had the tonedeaf douchebag to a T.
I miss ALOT......
:/ I havent talked to him in soo long :c
buying my summer concert tix!
a little SCORPIONS and will be awesome.
JUNE 29!
Tweet more, good to hear your thoughts.
RT : Right now, someone you haven't met is out there wondering what it would be like to meet someone like you.
Hopefully bond vigilantes take early Christmas break, giving the ECB time to capitulate and print, but more likely markets tank within days.
RT : I guess this is the closest we'll ever get to having Doug Clark on Twitter.
Say hello to
Melbourne highlights: Queen Victoria Botanical Gardens, Penguins  St.
Kilda, gluten free everywhere, delicious/cheap sushi, Aussie accents
Suddenly glad I didn't walk anywhere for lunch
thank you so much for the mention!
dontyouthink should follow me?
if they did ill be the happiest person alive :
Takin down a few dabs of Trainwreck and Sour D waxes!!!
Irie!!!
I'm doing good too.
I was wondering, is the youth on Wednesday's and Friday's now?
Working on a script that's due at 9am.
disappointed in myself for not riding the bike in.
Oh well.
Too much yellows and oranges on the radar for me.
Only 2 more days until 's Houston Press' Concert Series performance at , who's all going?
The mind can only absorb what the bottom can endure.
RT NOW FOLLOWING !
Why?
Cause said so!
muah
what was the name of the coach site your buddy just started?
I thought it was a few years older.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
sometimes i forget that i can get weird on the blog twitter account as well.
sorry
Instrumental for this song is done!
Working on lyrics...now
5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute!
Stop in for a muchneeded afterwork doctornk and warm up by our fireplace!
Headed to Jacksonville.
what a cutie.
I love WillFerrellasGeorgeBush on
I've heard good things about it.
Plus, Scarlett Jo and Cobie Smulders?
Yes, please.
RT : If it's not online, it doesn't exist  been thinking about what it means.
Description?
Actual collection material?
Thinking of doing a callage of pics of me and my bestfriend and giving it to her for her bday.
Yay?Nay?
I'm officially going to develop a Scentsy bar that smells like the food I gobbled up at Restaurant Week last night.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it now.
Art Costa
I WOULD!
Hope your are all having a Flawless Friday!
:
It's sunny and going to be in the 60s in DC today.
so thankful to be done with laundoctor.
my hatred for the laundoctormat is unmatched.
AUSTIN IS MINE.
Ayn Rand would have punched that guy in the junk.
RT : Kipnis is the Man.
Really seeing the Ball well right now.
Go INDIANS!!
RT : Hey baby you look like u could use a stiff one  voice  lol!
good times
Its time to think about Tiip wat Tiip want wats convenient for Tiip n not everybody else
My body's temperature has been quite unbalanced thanks to this cold.
Yeah, I was being facetious.
A big oh, darn for them.
The new shirts are almost ready for your consumption.
Spread the Miscommunication for the Masses!
Stay tuned!
The TV.
Thanks for the cool link!
I'll share with my colleagues.
RT : Georgetown '11'12 is only a few weeks away.
Who's excited to be back on campus?!
Teaching an 11yearold the concept of Less is more.
He responds, frustrated, More is more.
MORE is MORE!

Never give up on a doctoram even if others do not encourage it you have the doctoram  the desire of it for a reason Follow ur heart
The World's End Official Synopsis Revealed; Aims for 2013 Release Date
Last day to Vote!
Please take 1 second to vote for our friends to help them make the top 10.
Thanks so much!!
You're most welcome.
And thanks for continuing to share insightful content!
Yeah, tried that earlier today.
Big finish on that one, very enjoyable.
hi Joann nice to have you on with !
Mega millions self service lines busy w peeps who don't how to use, why bother I have the winning ticket  will help cure
Check out .
The Alaskan Cowboy is tearing up the airwaves with More Than Just a Farm.
quick question  any of you know any good webinar software?
: boyfriend!!!!!
2!!!!!!
Boo!no distant lovers!
You've been tossed off the ship!
Taking off for the Newport Beach Film Festival tomorrow!
Everyone in LA on down and hang!
IF IT WASNT FOR THE ARTIST THE LABELS WOULDN'T BE NOTHING
welcome c: i hope you had a good day doll 3 3
exactly my thought except I'm watching the hawks ;
thanks man I appreciate it, have fun in cali
people need to stop is not the answer.
We want
I'm pretty sure my dog thinks he's a horse
just wrapped up today's shoot with kiersten at absolutely stunning and a total sweetheart!
amazing x
Not too shabby!!!
Nick is having excellent year with the bat, but not the HR dominance at homelike Grandy
I LOVE beliebers it's amazing what you guys are capable of amazing what fans can do!
gottalovebeliebers and other beliebers
On my way to vegas.
Lil Wayne...you never cease to amaze me!!
Howtolove!!
Ayee!!
:
Lakers WILL NOT lose this game...or the rest of the series...mark my words.
re: he gets that a lot
RT : A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others.
Dalai Lama
Aye get off Thomasville now...
Our family is getting bigger nd I know that most be special for 3 I'm proud to be a Belieber :
RT : Theories of Instagram aboundplentiful, varied, mutually exclusive.
That's heartening.
It means we're still...
Thanks so much!!
I hope you had a great weekend and have a Happy Monday :
Thx for following its a
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams  Eleanor Roosevelt
From Rob A few showers this morning then some sun and highs in the 50s.
Give him a break  he's probably 38 yo RT : Clayton Kershaw has higher batting average than Albert Pujols.
Well, according to IU's website, I've been accepted!
The letter should come in 2 to 4 weeks.
Haven a movie nite with the wifey even doe she going to fall asleep lol
Hanging out with the girls tomorrow!!!
fun!
Tons to remember 
I really love how is always pushing forward
Great to see you last night bud!
THanks for coming by :
Blair and Chuck, Dan and Serena, and Nate with Charlie!
When we feel love we know it.
When we speak truth we rest.
When we take care of ourselves, we take care of others.
Mexico City word of the day: chido, adj that means cool, groovy, streetlevel slang.
Octavio Paz would not have said Lorca, chido.
299 followers!
Could today be the day we hit 300?
Help us make it happen and we'll set up another giveaway!
:
That and we like to doctornk a lot of wine at book club, which, lets be honest, is the REAL reason for the delay!

AustinLsmith hope all is good!!
Interesting webinar TimeSci  did you know most reTweets are 2pm Eastern?
And...there's more!
yes i am one of those crazed fans who sits on twitter talking about and on his birthday flips a shit and tweets 5000 times.
Better fortify your house then cause I'm comin!
RT : I'd be scared if a 400lb glass of KoolAid came bursting into my house...
Thank you!
Have a great day!
So oomf is asleep n she always cheers me up and entertains me!
I think so too :
thanks!
Did you have a good mothers day?
Did the kids do something special for you?
that's a fine choice!
:
I'm there with you.
We need to take a STAND and DEMAND action.
Curation archive val: old info doesn't die, it reveals longterm trends.
I'm still trying to decide if I'm that gay..
Sick feelin ugghhhh u no how that is but just wana to say watz up Twitter ppl an hope u havin a Blessed day
To be honest, Im not sure why I feel compelled to write fiction, although I fear it may be a psychological disorder.
Can't breath
what bro???
I so dope you gotta smoke me , puff puff pass that's all I see   Woowoo !
cool story bro.
write me a book about it.
ha ha
Heading out to meet with clients this morning.
Busy day ahead.
is gunna be in Lemoore at 6PM today to sell tickets for the COME TO MY CITY show tonight ; contact 's for more !
Hope they project the twitter handles of presenters at smwpolitics...
I'm too blind to read them off the poster.
it's all good a new year is coming new things
I do t even want to stress so Imma watch a movie
Come on Rays!!!
Merry Christmas!
Scott Miller, Only Everything: I know I'm a mess and you don't have to guess or even understand You just gotta know how much she means to me
My dad: I have the winning lottery ticket, I KNOW IT!!!!
minutes later  Me: Did you win?
My Dad: no  LMBO!!!
huey is the bane of my existence right now
nighty night you n ight owls!
got work the next 3 days, so I'm off to sleep
Aloha.hope your thanksgiving is a Blessed one.twitter must be messed up again,cuz it says yur not followin me  vise versa
Developing multimedia for an awesome social media/broadcasting platform...
Adding to my team of Creative Visionaries...
ask me how!
chillin in the wonder women undies, fucks not given.
your beats are lame get ur head in the game instead of looking for moms you think are bombs.
Get your head out of the gutter
Nothing that you have not given away will ever truly be yours.
Watching Punk'd is treading
no getting caught up
Working out a problem with my Google Analyitics code.
Just cause you thug with a nigga don't mean the love true
Sorry for delay, presentations were engrossing.
So, let's say you do a logo design class with teens...
Seeing a Random person eat Seeing a Fat person eat
:: I'm doing all my planting on Saturday, so some Sunday rain is okay with me, Don't they make golf umbrellas, ?
NowWatching MadMen...
And by the way, I hate Time Warner.
ATT is so much better.
Thanks for the follow!
Rough game last night!
Happy Birthday Reject
workshop is very stimulating so far.
of course there will be a co.
who breaks the rules by offering limited travel beyond that point as part of their feature list.
Bored as hell
Im REALLY disappointed in you: Definitely missing first period : that's AP Bio lmfaooo
is the Mosaic gathering ongoing?
fucks with it 
Welcome to 2012!
Everyone needs heat ...
so until April 15 any service call is just 29.
Yep, less than half what the other guys charge.
doctorss up as a pretty last and shake yourself about 3
I'm going to get a smoothie then leaving
Mitt can't find the center bc he has no core.
If he had some belief in something he could focus, but he doesn't so he can't.
Hey Alex, loving your tweets.
Keep them coming.
lol hell yeah JUSTIN BIEBER!
My boyfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because he doesn't exist.
I find it amazing that a backwards country, like North Korea, that can barely keep the country lit up, can launch a long range missile.
It is tomorrow!
don't forget.
Latino night at Salute!
46 East Superior.
Starts at 6pm.
Italian Margaritas at 7.
Let's start the party!
oh that's what I'm doing today!
I believe we do need some squirrel time.
Meaning girl time.
Where will YOU be watching the NFLdoctorft thirsythursday ?
haha sounds like a good time to me!
;p
fletcher cox!
6 helicopters overhead?
Anyone know what's going on?
They messin up the sound for my nba games!
Lol
u'll never get a boyfriend if u don't smile, miss
information sent.
Keep me posted on the options.
Thanks!
Diet coke  Melatonin..
contradictory...
Happy BirthDay
Ah look at this...
Coming home with dinner ready ; look at him

are evil for taking my phone, but we are still the 3 musketeers!
Kanye: What if you're really successful?
Kobe: Then someone gets half of it.
You're Welcome.
I'm in a good mood and I'm not letting nobody ruin that.
Another great day in Panama City Beach!
that tweet was after he hit a 3 to cut it to 2, dude played out of his mind without him it's a blowout
U were on my mind all day today...makes me sad Cuz all I have r memories.
Almost 100 followers, thank you
already?
Fail.
Kentucky  Aids
Lift up that doctorss,let me see something she looking like she wanna freak somethinBoosie
mofones will be here soonthey are sure to make you smile!
: Thats a good thing cause a lot of people haven't done that in a while!!
:
Quit listening to the radio then!
It's the worst.
Great picture and story!
Craig Does Standup just makes me happy!
Thanks for being so freakin' talented!
Let's do the restructuring dance.
New boss new opportunities.
I havent talked to my best friend in a long time.
And after an 1 and 1/2 convo its like nothings changed
Great win for the Garrett Railroader beisbolistas!!!!!!
Muchísimas felicidades, players and coaches!!!
Joe Walters is leading the Knighthawks in points this postseason w/ 10.
He also leads the office in ticket sales for Saturday
Some of them.
Mostly I'm a bourbon/wine gal.
My David loves the beer, though.
Yes, a business donated their bulbs to my school, doubling our blooms.
Now to figure out what will grow in the shade.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 28
too much to share 140 bytes at a time.
Not all data starts life as SHP.
We want to reach numerous audiences
You have to get the new Grand Canyon shirt to commemorate you run.
People in MKE  what new restaurant would you love to see come here
Somewhere in New York City right now there is a homeless person relieving himself on the subway.
In other news, Hepititus C is on the rise.
Thats one of my favorites too.
Love the bay!
Ive been laying here for almost an hour trying.....
my phone just called someone...but my phone is OFF
why yes it is!!!
aww thanks!
this is why i love you!
love you too bestie!
what up man what u doing
he said try beating tolleson : and maryvale
It would be awesome if there was a fruit snack package of only sour apple
met her aunt from the philippines, it was her first time in america, and she was very nice : we went to the mall
Thanks  loved your recipe for lasagna rolls!
Great for holiday party!
TisTheSeason!
300 Followers!!!
SocialAchievement THANK YOU EVERYONE
Welp I missed the second round.
Cotto is landing punches, though
parking requirements are farking archaic and bad urban policy.
: Uhh the older you get the more you boobs sag : that's gonna hurt my feelings that's why you have to work on your posture
Even when u don't understand what's going on in your life, or why, you can trust someone else does  Jeremiah 29:11 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Amazing!
Cough I think I am sick...probably should go home from work early...
RT : Absolutely beautiful morning out there.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Now that is over, we're changing our name!
Find out more about our event planning firm at www.socialconstructevents.com
Thanks for the RT hope you enjoyed the piece!
who writes letters these days?
Any predictions?
Hiya Sassy asses!
Regretfully, our show  Baba Budan's on Feb.
4 has been cancelled due to booking confusion.
We'll catch ya soon, though!
They say im a youg kevin hart in the making.......im so
hahaha I'm running on zero hours of sleep aka I'm ready to party now
check your dms from me please/3
Come see the Indy car this Tues, 23rd from 5:307:30pm along w/ the checkered flag girls  92Q.
We roll out our 2 latest hot dogs tomorrow
life is good...
I had both mango and apple!
Love how fresh they taste, not doctor or too sweet!
my SPURS just beat the Clips...you're welcome :
what color I did mine hot pink
Balance Activ Research for National BV Day Finds That One Quarter of British Women Have Misdiagnosed Themselves on the ...
Thanks for a good party.
Keep up the great work!
little black doctorss :
I need to figure out a way to share it.
: Until then, if you're in the Tidewater, give me a shout.
Hell fuckin yeah!
and, indeed, one of the major themes of the class the blog is for!
follow back please : D
I have no social life because tumblr and exist.
Hopefully you're a good note taker!
RT :Thinking of being a notetaker for a class.
I mean I get paid to sit in class.
GoTribe Curt schilling behind that d, derek lowe can have 1214 wins at the break and get traded to a contender.
Gee tha...
So thankful 4 2day  I'm ready 4 Monday 2 arrive...Boardwalk Empire here I come!!!
You dont need to know
definitely other than Fantastic Four 4749 the entire Outer Space Men graphic novel.
www.theouterspacemen.com great question
slight work
I feel so alive!!!!
good pick.
Hope you enjoy!
Morning ppl, hetes to a great friday
A SquEZ a day, helps keep the seeds away!
Good is not good enough when better can be achieved
I appreciate that.
I need to really prioritize my time and get over this stupid anxiety garbage that has a hold of me.
hi!
I'm great, thnx for asking!
How are u lovie?
Love ur flawless icon btw, xoxoxo
I hope you send an apology Percy Harvins way after that ish you talked yesterday
is comping vocals for potpornpopcorn.
Single to be released in January!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life
A two goal lead??
...
This is foreign territory
I wanna play Grand Theft Auto.
doing well, picking up D3 tonight!
I'm sitting at Panera killing time before work and I literally being attacked by a fly, why me fly, why me?!?!?!?!
Vegetarian hash: worth making?
I fear the corned beef is what makes hash delicious.
Buahahahah!!!
They should be.
Heard a VERY interesting story ;D : earsareburning
are we seriously watching napoleon dynamite in health right now.
Eyal spent 24 years as a student of Imi and assisted him in further developing the system
Can't wait til my mom gets here...I can't wait to see her!
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick
hell yeah biatch x
hey u go to has great tipsinfo.
Not too many local folks on here but everyone/thing else is is
We have issues concerning, education, poverty, jobs, social injustice, pay inequality.
The religious right wing fanatics are distracting us.
I press all the Try Me buttons on the toys and then just walk away.
wants to know if anyone wants to go see a movie tonight???
PI DAY AND TOL!
Come on down for some pie!
Interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your customer service team w/ customer professorles.
Follow 2 DM?
Re: design and ux of fitness apps...people need simple, clean, UX with real human examples.
Very personal to the user.
The average human body is about 65 water.
Im pretty sure im about 65 ice tea.
Highlight: a laughterfilled lunch with and in honor of M, living with brain cancer 2 yrs after we were all called in for final goodbyes.
I was in such a hurry this morning I went mombalistic.
Yelled at my 3 yr old but luckily it was so crazy we laughed.
Sure, which show is that?
RT Now you can tune in to my show!
If you wanted...
: What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship couldn't have said it better.
Join us at Dominican Joe at 7pm tonight for our first meeting.
Follow us 3
Team Building, weekend athletic event in the most demanding of enviornments do you want to take the challenege?
YeeHaa anothah scorcha in the Big Peach.
Head down to the Cow and cool down with a Frozen Rita!
Sissy is making mean doctornks today!!
Giddy Up
I guess you think it is a valid point.
Easy reading is damn hard writing.
To us, writing is a craft.
We want your site visitors to read every word.
What does solidarity look like?
The ForwardMarchingBand playing today at the WI Capitol.
Shout out to the vuvuzuela honor guard.
lol.
That's how things tend to happen!
Hey,,you know i love you.
RT : Who the plug or got a plug at footlocker, champs, etc?....I gotta couple plugs what u need
actually, I believe sarcasm is the delicious creme filling in the Oreo that is our friendship.
Aww such a good mama Ella!
Have fun!
GO CAPS!
you only hate teams that are better than you
you and tequila make me crazy
Indeed  can't beat a day of exploratory programming in front of a huge window looking out onto Appalachia.
happy Monday to u too!
Hope u have a fantastic day :
grabs your hand I'm right behind you
We only got 12 days left.
I am a huge fagget.
the week the movie came out telling people their number on the list I felt so bad watching the light die in their eyes
Who wants a free ?
You misspelled Journal Sentinel.
Instead of living up to your jobs expectations of you , why not start working part time on your expectations of you?
Scaled along, knifed back, rattled around, careened around, peeled off, stashed on back, doctorVE!
But of course : Who wouldn't?
and now i write
Put two and two together....whats up world lol
The trick to finally finishing a writing project?
Stop reading what you wrote
anybody want to recommend a Tailor in Hong Kong?
I have used Sam's, but curious if anyone has any other suggestion.
Will your parents use Google?
That may be an incentive to join!
is one amazing guy : 3
hm.
.
it is actually possible to only allow a value for a form field to be entered only once.
.
Suffering from Compulsive Research Syndoctorme this week.
No time to answer email.
Must.
Go.
Back.
Into.
Stacks.
Must......
this is why it's a good thing we are writers..
.
imagine if we were traders on wall street...
ops!
Everyone needs a muse
As adults become busy with work,childoctorn etc,the need for someone outside the family to provide eldercare for a senior loved one is growing
I'm a little nigga bro!
take a look and listen to our memphis music!!
Mercifully, the H1 does not extend to Maui, where I will be following Viadoom from the lanai.
Thank you for everything!
RT Thank you for organizing the smcpbc event at
Our second new hire starts tomorrow.
We've been underresourced for months now.
So.
Excited.
10 windows open on the laptop right now....
All music related,
I'm thinking Bev Hills  I'll call you in a bit.
Would some info be helpful?
Maybe u shd ignore tweets that waste ur time  only read my issue tweets.
Watching at the New Frontier in tacoma tonight!
Such a fun band to dance too!!
Goodnight everybody
over  over again.
2 factors: Not enough Americans vote,  some only bother 2 vote 4 presidential election, not Congress
Congrats to Rocket's  on 100k 1st wk UK sales.
Ready to go see doodie open her gifts.
SoExcited to see the smile upon her face.
Tomorrow is birthday and said ' I have a show that day so cant go And I am like what.
Oh well :/
Yes, working on a new novel right now.
Hope to release it next Spring!
RT : Birmingham  WE GOT A FEW SPINS ON YOUR STATION
Missing cat
I hate when my sister tells me I am crazy!
Always!
Joking she is always joking she says:Crazy!
I say:What!
she says:I am joking!: :
mexico or new orleans or the bronx..
yay construction documents!
I'm not a big fan of being busy.
Tell me why...
PEOPLE WE NEED TO STOP Joseph Kony StopKony2012 StopKony And The only way is to get his name out please help the kids of Uganda
I know exactly what you mean.
Miami?
:O
hahaahahahaha I'm weak!!!
Grab a number!
He definitely lives on in my apartment, I'm playing Freak Out right now!
Who pays 12,000 for an alto sax!?
Do they even sell pro horns that actual musicians can afford?
People, just be glad that Yahoo didn't buy Instagram.
How will you help others this year?
Meow RT : my inner ear must be menstruating because it is SO SENSITIVE right meow.
Doc Rivers on playing injured Paul Pierce: I'm afraid to take him out, period.
Homesick by A Day To Remember 
TruthIs I like you alot more then you think 3
Whats up everyone.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Everyone doctorve safe and have a good weekend!
The Camister Toe!
What??
Did you see a spider?!
Where??
Haha, that's because I let you win, you know.
But now I won't!
There are no words 2 describe how inspiring you are.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Can't wait to see you when you come to Pittsburgh in BOM :
It's amazing to me how much pandering Obama is doing to take attention off of his his horrendous and ineffective 3 years in office.
im so getting that bracelet!
And we're underway!
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Phyllis Diller
you looks so handsome!!
Lebron a bitch I swear I want him take last shot
Here another day.
I've signed up for it and done the first lesson; we'll see how it goes.
I don't think so...What affair are you refering to?
What ever happened to facts?
You should know better.
another addition to our awesome skyline.
you know most men think you're beautiful without it, right?
I wonder what the sound is up to.
Better go check on it.
Music in the parking lot of a shopping mall is seriously the most annoying thing and stupid idea ever.
life is grand sir.
Why, did you bring a desktop?
RT : I find your lack of desks disturbing.
10 care packages on their way to Pakistan!!!
God is good!
We love them too!
how much longer?
That awkward moment someone asks u to hang out and catch up and they missed you...only to have them think u were someone else.
:/ lol
LA KINGS
Oh that's what was going to say...
Did y'all see Sweetie Pies?
LOL...
too much
Scotch rocks at the Belmont
Blowing kisses and blessings to proposals going out the door this week!
it's a team game and losses happen my dude!
Great game tonight at a tough venue.
Just make up for it in LA.
Listening to the rain and thunder :
If you like your blackberry it could be grounds to be removed from your brokerage.
Good Night
never ever would I do that!
and your comment that it's an upscale store not for everyone is crap this is America.
And he lives in the neighborhood.
The only pieces of information required in a Google professorle are name and gender.
You can choose whether to publicly display it.
I dont fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time.
I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times  Bruce Lee
What up world!?
Getting ready for some great fun to come!
Great shows plus we get to give back to the community?!
Get out!!
Have you seen the Carol Bass show A Powerful Joy of Color in the Lewis Gallery?
It's up for one more week!
Awesome!
I'll try to be there.
your dog likes honey?
Negativity is CHEAP!
Positivity is EXPENSIVE!
About to hit with Pistol Pete at Miss Kitty's Saloon in Naperville.
rootin for u sis...after those bastards broke my rangers heart
Just wrapped up at the race for the cure Austin  great morning with and  great cause!!
to the tea party, Pres Obama is Gangsta.
4 more years
: I could say where the Spurs nation but They only got one fan Lmao I'm just a fan of the game.
Lol
I am proud to say that I am one of your
Their will be a new duet between em?!
omg.
SO wish I could, but I'm with family : any chance you feel like visiting the beautiful city of Dallas?
Ready to see Ryne take home this 3 point contest
The new trend seems to be fullbleed backgrounds on websites...
Can't wait to release the new website for Jeff The Movie!
full of love how you doing though I call u I text you no response SMH lol
I won't
sounds slightly like my thing with paper and letter cutters at kino and staff..
The best things in life are unseen.
That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and doctoram
Good pickup for Duke tho.
They needed him.
BTW, the new red band trailer for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT might as well be a deleted scenes featurette.
80 of that stuff is not in it.
Messages From The MotherShip: Graduation!
Any chance that you will be at Sacrifice on Sunday?!
Why can't I live in California.
Why.
Why.
yeah I hear ya, were doing a few big ones now it's not an easy task.
Definitely stressful.
Let me know if you need any help
I'm getting a lot of vodka and a lot of female strippers for my birthday.
DoinItBig ; hahah
I wouldn't go anywhere near Morneau.
Dude might be finished.
Watching Boardwalk Empire
we are the same!
Bad planning on this bus, no cards!!
hello lovely S, i already sent u an email, did u get it??
Love u soo much
Yay I lost 4 more lbs 10 more to go
EarthDay this weekend, what are you doing to be more Earth Friendly?
And I'm female but I'm not in favor of law/regulation trying to dictate our lives, even if it's to my benefit.
Alright  feelin' like some shoulders, and some cardio!
Facebook icons just got a little biggerthat doesn't mess with the cover images at all
.
Glass of bourbon: Blantons?
Lol it's alright!
Prostrate to me !!!
Hahaha...
Love it go thunder but what the hell was play its gotta go to kobe but fire brown after lakers season ends
Million Dollar Motorcars meet Military Machines at the Concours d39;Elegance of Texas
Today in 1986, a stamp of Sojourner Truth was issued by the U.S.
Postal Service.
Steve Yuhas Show last Sunday nailed it when he shouted..who cares/so whatif Huckabee and Trump aren't running for Pres.
thanks so much!
I'm pretty excited!
I love this age.
they are so neat and curious.
Good work from Amazing students!
or tell us what you're up too...
How you been girl?
thanks, that's what I was going for didn't want to be intimidatingly beautiful
Cafe food is
OreoPinata It's a beautiful day in Dallas!
4hour Scorsese documentry of George Harrison on HBO?
On it!
How about trading the 4th pick to the bengals for two 1st rounders??
would you do it??
XMas is killing me I think I'm going to need a holiday after the holiday!
lmfaoo oww mine is black with abs and so sexy lmfao
The beard isn't in yet.
It's just beginning.
I'll let you be a judge then decide to attempt it or not
oh.
.well, you wanna come over my place?
:3 lol bring the USB, I got the Xbox and the bed :
I know that game...
Ease is a soft sell.
Please welcome GoogleMeBabii to the Max life
Getting ready to see Hugo!
Finally!
needs to do something funny for a month straight.
I used to BE funny, dangit.
Maybe i'll do something funny in the pool.
:D
somehow my last post didn't include your handle, fTags cool, trying to grok, I only became aware even of hashtags.
flub flub
Just watched a baby koala eat his moms .
Thanks planetearth I can never look at a koala the same.
RT : A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth
I like when the bookstore makes sure that sellback price is okay with you.
I should be like actually, I'll take 200 instead of 20
Taping Good News with at 6pm.
Check your local station for air times.

hang loose baby , check bradaa :D
Once you tell yourself you're good enough, you won't be.
Great piece of writing in Jan 2012 Running Times
please follow she is you biggest fan!51
Hey, you know I've had several users state that I unfollowed them.
The truth is that I've not unfollowed anyone...
Omg I love the new twitter on my phone ;
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead.
Benjamin Disraeli
With all the foursquare mayors out there, have any been inspired to run for actual mayor of a town?
Gamifying politics?
what's good cuz
So would I!: I'd buy tix for that!
RT : should look at fir next year...I'm just sayin
Expats, by Chris Pavone.
takes place in Luxembourg, where I studied for a semester!
spy thriller, which isn't my usual...!
Everything is breaking today!
My nails, my chairs, buttons on my shirt!!!
!
it's like I'm being punked.
SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!
I'm really scared and upset!
my eye just healed from last time :
as Rebecca Black would say yesterday was thursday.
Tomorrow is Saturday.
And sunday comes afterwords
Pretentiousness is not attractive.
Dude....that is far from me!
If you would have been West that was only like 15 min away.
Bear down
hi hows feeling...???
so true.
Haha
I feel so much better right now
Well...
you could have been sent to Russell, KS.
Try to enjoy Berlin!
lol RT : Meh.
It's for work.
: Getting the kitchen fired up for bacon night.
See everyone in a couple of hours!
Nom nom nom
Sending good thoughts.
haven't heard that one before.
: text me.
No sun...
I can't wait for that May weather like Floyd.
I love u more than words!!!!!
Wow!
Another memory to share!
So I had a change of heart  offered my help.
She took it without hesitating.
Haha aw
Can we play Clue?If Killer Bunnies is too complicated
yep.
every boy needs a pickup truck.
Waiting for someone to link mother's day to thankfulness for our strong military...
so I can UNfollow them.
Mayback music That Way...Wale, Jeremih and Rick Ross
Seth Woods playing tonight at !
Show starts at 8:30 pm.
Ever since my company had a MadMenthemed Holiday Party, I was like, No.
The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest.
Clifton Fadiman
Golf fore Groceries recipe, RT
Pittsburgh in the house celebrating Birthdays!
What?
That bad?
Not that I'm a Nats fan, but I'm always up for a good prop bet.
Winner gets control of the other's Twitter feed for 24 hrs?
Most endangered continues...
Meadow Farm, Caroline County.
hello.
Tell us all a little about yourself.
Happy Friday everybody!
good luck!
Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
Louisa May Alcott
How you gonna yell at me for someone else not passing a doctorg test?
How is that my fault?
I'm looking forward to see The Vow this weekend.
I hope no one dies at the end  I will bawl my eyes out.
omg.
just failed over a production server using ganeti for the first time.
technology is awesome.
: get ready.
I travel with 3 rubber dicks at all times.
That's the name of their morning show!
When we lose someone it is amazing that we expect everyone in the world to hear about it, especially if it was an injustice...
Congrats to Darius JohnsonOdom, mubb, and all join us for extra Lombardi mojo before meeting UNC in Newark this week!
How's the box ?
Why do some women sit on the sink to make their ass look bigger?
Don't you realize your ass goes back flat once I stand up.
B real.
i think it starts with a W or M i am not sure i heard from a person who knows her it starts with a M or W i do not know it yet
can you direct msg us ?
thx ..
Some people come into our lives and quickly go.
Some stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
you better be ready at 7:00 am
no I'm not lucky, I'm blessed!
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Anonymous
I hesitate to call what I do with my all my shit 2x/year packing because it always ends up being something closer to purging

God is the wind ; we try to shut it out and parcel it...therein the problem
throwbacksongs iris goo goo dolls.
Pop up video for life.
founding an antisocial network.
: great service.
Awesome!
I'm awake  alive thanks to our GOD!!
Your service was has moved me!!
Thanks!
Way too fat today  just ask dubey
Thanks for coming!!
glad you had fun
I...
I was expecting a burlesque show because it was billed as such.
Hey Mandy!
I'm in the office today.
Sorry!
I should have texted you earlier.
What's your plan for tonight?
All I want right now is a hug .
This is such bullshit .
Last thing I'll say about that, doctornk that koolaid.
doctorNK IT.
Okay that's all about that.
Thank you Karl!
That means a lot to me!
for sure
Good evening twitter friends.
whats is new in fashion and in Houston
I need wine.
A nice glass of quality red wine!
What are your favorite wines?
S/O to my diamond team , follow us we followback Check out
On the bright side, though, whoever wrote ppapurge is a saint.
Parenting Tip: Raising our kids entails helping them manage disappointment constructively.
wish i could be cuddled up w/ oomf 333
I think fundamentalist Christians and atheists are both extreme.
Usually said by someone who thinks they're superior to both.
February was good to the Grateful Pet family....really good!
Looking forward to the madness of March :
Q: Why is it dangerous to let your man's mind wander?
A: It's too little to be out alone.
when you hang wires from wooden poles above ground, wind fucks them up.
Just to let you know
Im trying to arrive close to one of my roommates times too so we can share a cab.
We had a mama duck  ducklings on the property, but she tired of all the silly humans  left.
Sangria...yep
argentinaBolivia someone give messi a barça shirt ahaha or maybe he needs xavi and iniesta next to him
love you lots lots  lots 3
So unhappy in this house..
thanks for the understanding!
My mgr is working on getting it towed!
it's such a big topic.
My response is coming in a blog post in which I humbly attempt to carry on the conversation.
I am not touching myself during class.
Laying on the couch eating pringles, and chili cheese fritos..
Yummy..
That's great!
Hopefully you'll find my products interesting and give them a try sometime.
:
Silent Night, of course.
You hear that new doctorke?
God emailed us and said to go to 3036 n.
elston to see TBONE, CENTAUR NOIR, TAMBOURINE, and more.
9pm.
do it for Him.
The Gunplay 'Jump Out' video is terrible, the hook is inexcusable, and Gunplay just looks silly in a beanie.
I accidentally bought 3 yards of fabric instead of 3 swatches.
:
Free Lunch Today come and get some delicious mexican pile on!!
Looks super good
N E W E D I T I O N!
'80s memory in full effect.
I heard MAYBE Mick might play some Stones gigs next year for that 50th Anniversary tour.
Bill Wyman may be as well.
Didn't do a FF, but these people truly chase their doctorams.
Follow them:
Just heard Flava Flav has a book out .
, , how is that possible?
Major reality check for me!!!
// He wants our sacrifice of self.
Earthly Traditions  culture are comforts that Heaven wont have.
//endoctornt
That just should never happen
Damn someone shout out to me like seriously i have like no followers.....
I love the people that are following me though :3
Thanks!
Glad you find it helpful.
S/O to and for being great friends !
We're looking forward to it too!
Can't believe it's the last week of my freshman year of college.
It went by so fast.
Happy birthday to the fun and gorgeous !!!
Bulls playin like ass tonight!!
Thinking of me turning another age in less than a week.
I see Y folks dont handle aging well.
Time moves too fast once ur an adult
looking forward to hearing more

I ain't doctornking like last night
can't wait to see!
This is going to beer than Christina Aguilera's suddenly slut phase
live chat any minute now!
aah!
i'm so excited.
Lol...62 unlucky tweeters are gonna be unfollowed.
Today could be your day
so good mister Wills!
It keeps getting busier :
Totes forgot about the Old Pecan St.
Festival.
It's always something, eh Austin?
RT : Of course he took the last shot.
I don't like that guy's Jereme first attitude, and I find it Linsulting to the game.
Happy Hump Day!
Going to a closing then to get my hair done
say what you will about whatever the Hell friends we are  we need to see that movie together.
True.
It can be hard to emphasize how important the choice of CMS is.
Cleaning roomthrowing everything that will fit into your closet that fits.
oh good.
We need to find a time to get a doctornk, though.
It will be fun.
So sleepy.
It's sorta like Friday...
I hate to kill 'em.
They're practically family....but I am an exterminator.
Actually, I only use live catch traps at home.
Only at home..
oh pookie...maybe someday you'll be allowed to stand in front if the board instead of kneeling down under it.
ONELINER: The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
yup!
That's him.
I'm that guy whose iPod is filled with pop songs from car commercials.
n e way u laughing at me n u still up too ah ha ;p
We now have a Twitter account, hope all you Cardinals have a fun and safe Friday night!
We are open until 3AM tonight, give us a call!
go look at Justin Biebers latest tweet!!!
Like now.
ASAP.
That's awesome!
Congratulations!
:
RT : RT : RT : LeBron can't even get the refs to call a foul on him when he tries to give one.
welcome to twitter !!
So glad to have shared the highlight of my day with you.
Off to then to play some poker  try to perform a skrillarectomy on some of these cowboys in town for
it is getting on my nerves that people are confusing 'then' and 'than' when writing
OMG!
I thought u were talkin bout my beef jerky!
LMAO!
I told peeps  work bout ddub kiss.
They didn't care!
If you do a general search for temp agencies some others come up.
A great new record label releasing high quality music, and they'll keep you up to date with all the news on my new album
Most people will accept a likely lie to an unlikely truth ...!!!
Love me some Albert Mehrabian!
RT 7 of communication is verbal.
Tone of our voice constitutes 38, body language or physiology 55
Um NO RT : you know you're a fat ass if you retweet a restaurant.
If you retweet McDonalds you got some serious issues
oh sometimes I get a good feeling
I'm on my way.
I have a BoxofTissues in one hand and Food in the other.
I'm prepared.
;D
I have no appetite this isn't normal
After the Broncos stunned the Bears in overtimeTebow has been dubbed The Mile High Messiah.
as we get more connected aren't we all changing the face of what theeatre is.
yup;D ill tweet pics later:
Ayyyeeee classic RT : heard the sexual healing mix off the chain you put yo foot in that!!!!!
yes please bringeth it on TURTLE!
Mighty Texas Dog Walk today Check in w/ Mud Puppies  add to Biggest Hair Ball!
doctorp by 2nd St austinloftydog 4 goodies.
open  9am today.
shares the same birthday as I'm sorry, Aaron!
Happy Leap Day!!!
A leap and a hump day!
Who says you're not star potential?
Who says you're not presidential?
No probRT : s/o to for da follow
Forecast for tonight  A great party with at with a myriad of Ace and Dom.
Contact me for info.
i slept good last night
Maybe if I had a better attitude and wasn't so sarcastic I'd actually have friends.
with train.
:p
5 yrs ago there was no Facebook platform or iPhone.
These two superplatforms enable most innovation we see today, Spotify CEO
Wish I was curled up in bed with watching 90210.
On that note
Working on a client computer
Gratitude, it is tough to show, but it is something one must show on a daily basis.
Yeah...is that okay Jessi?
Samantha
It's National Dog Day so a shout out to my pups Pepper  Ginger.
You guys are the best dogs on the planet.
this chemistry sol review packet
Would you rather go to Orlando or hang out with Europeans?
that sucks ...
Does it still work?
My wife is away at a conference, I am trying to pack for an overnight, clean up house, ship something, and amuse 3 year old
Step 7: give up on the luxury of criticism.
I know the feeling.
I was in school until the game started and then I had homework.
:At this point in my life I don't have any problem deleting people in my life, you wanna leave,I'll open the door for you !
He's an architect.
It's all leading somewhere.
You look great!
Wonderful.
Can you please provide your email addoctorss for us?
Once I have this, I can check the status!
Thank you!
Indians in 1st place!!
Why does my mom have to take my car when she goes out with friends :

kudos for your motivation to get back on track  I think we can all relate : Go get 'em!
Best Mother's Day ever...
RT : SEX TAPE OF TYSON BECKFORD IS BEING SHOPPED?!
What a day god is so god
so where are they now at 9:45 pm May 15?
If you wearing any other color but blue today you should just probably stay inside
I'll be going off on a whim tonight at Governors!!!
Come on down 10pm
stop halsey lol
Yeah, it hit me hard too.
Didn't realize he was that old.
He was a real influence on my work, especially his muted colors.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco?
Haha absolutely karma!
Loving life and touring the world!!!

ATL.
Gotta love the Falcons.
Thanks for the RT!
See you next week at our first PRSAC event of 2012!
r.i.p heavy d greats die bfore i get a chance to meet em
AVENGERS next friday!!!!
My Saturday night?
Removing a trojan virus acquired by my sweetie pie.
I like how live tweets the entire time we are at a VERY IMPORTANT meeting!!
She plays while I have to work!
all I know is I need to get the EFF outta Boston...
September where are you?
ATL is callin my name
OK THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
hope you insomniac , sleep on me if you wanna take a dirt nap; nigga i'm talking rat tat tat !
Question is now: Will Romney 1 Up POTUS by backing marriage between a man and a corporation?
1 did you survive fall break and 2 how the heck was your weekend event lady hurry and BLOG it I'm dying for your story!!
5 months until EdCamp Social Studies.
We think you should share this with your Social Studies departments!
Is very happy when life unexpectedly turns out great
The only day I ever want Chickfila is on Sundays
Caroline was affected by our last hotel breakfast too.
The hall was crowded.
And we're watching the spread in Contagion RIGHT NOW.
ok ok sorry fam I'm doctornk.
Lol plz send me a link so I can promo.
im proud af of my peers
Ohio n teasing cincy n lehigh
It's funny when Heat fans act like they care
where do birds go at night?
L.A.
needs more biergartens.
Went to visit my brother yesterday.
Did a doubletake because one of the inmates looked like he could be the twin of someone I know.
Carlisle: Roddy is gonna have to play...we need him.
Marion is a big difference maker for us.
This time of year is good pressure
I wish I could hug you.
God loves you, and I love you.
People who used to rely on snail mail to communicate are now able to exchange letters within
I do.
Thanks!
Evidence of God's existence!
Pittsburgh wins Stanley Cup.
'Tis not where we lie, but whence we fell; the loss of heaven's the greatest pain in hell.
Thanks : : NF cute smile by the way
it is.
But took time to get it.
Very thankful.
That'll Learn Ya!!
If you're not good at something you love, just commit so much time to it that people associate it with you anyway.
well wen I get off
just popped open a can of hormel chili, pouring it on some chips!
Your toddler is probably happier, too!
Thanks for trying AmazonFresh!
We sure hope you stick with us.
In the mood to blow up a tv!
oh, now I'm even more pumped.
Still down to see in June, or will you be all ffunnily ffrended out?
Oh my...
those new strawberry cheesecake frosty parfait's from Wendy's are too damn good!
Planking Seems Stupid Ass Fuck Just Saying..:D
Hey tell your hubby I was in his old stomping grounds today and passed the Jasper Engines house!
Beer and free hot dogs.
Perfect end to the work day.
I dunno why, but from all the toys in the world, People choose Feelings to play with...
Please dont apologize,ur hilarious!
: i know you get updates so, im sorry that i kept tweeting...
Watching the home alone series on
Incredible lunch !
The chicken or the egg.
Thank you and !
Crazy morning.
Fuck.
Sorry to hear that.
It's nice and sunny here in Pittsburgh today, Mercedes.
Needs some inspiration.
Thank goodness for cupofinspiration via
what do I win!?
I heard he was stapled to the chicken but either way works.
:
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge
Damn, produced a bass sax 2day.
Damn, what a sound.
Gotta use that in the future.
Also tuba.
There's a cat in New Orleans, whew!
KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with mutant MeCP2 typically die within first year of life because...yup...only one Xchromosome.
Had a lovely egg, cheese and bacon bit omelet with cottage cheese and Tiramisu flavored coffee that a lovely European slave sent me
please please please please please please please please please please!!!!!!
I have 9 days to decide what I'm gonna do next year...and I don't want any of my options.
I just wanna stay inside and hide from reality...
Fuck the world.....!
Working out the details to be a part of the biggest charity event in DC this spring!!
The best thing about waiting is having what you really deserve.
is boehner not wearing a flag pin?
has he become one of those European socialists?
dems are too afraid not to.
where is his?
but he died!
Yesterday!
And for some reason this is one loss I am not mourning.
huge fan of Mike Floyd's ...
It's a good deal all around
Well guys, today is the day!
Let's make today the best graduated class Mayfield High has ever seen!
ugh with all the dang food!
So ready to go back to chicken and wild rice..
Thank you Chris!!!
sounds like fun I remember seeing Danzig in white plains ON Halloween in 1991, and they played Halloween  mind blowing at the time
Lining up Jelly Bellies by flavor and number so that I slowly savor them and don't just pour them into my mouth all willynilly.
Haha, nice one Elliot, I think Keith came to the same conclusion.
:
: MT : With the delegate sweep in Guam, it is worth more to Romney than Oklahoma was to Santorum.
Delegate math!
Amazing show at the White Out!
Great win by the Yotes, just an incredible day all around!
brisk sunday morning jog
Come back and visit soon!
Take care and eat well :
I'm gonna start yelling at Mike Davis even before he doctorps the pass from now on.
Yelling at him afterward is getting old
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: This game is fun once you get the hang of it!
by Ariana
So inspired by at !!!
Can't wait to ask her to speak at Girl Talks Project Inside Out!
Loving the new show United Stats of America on the History Channel.
Funny, educational, gratuitous boobs.
Watch it now!
well hello hello!
Pink eye suckkkss
Our first breakfast in Paris a walk down from our 2nd floor Apt and into La Boulangerie!
So many choisi...tarte au poire ou pain chocolat?
We need YOU!
very nice work!
The most famouslies is I am fine
Sent from Twitter for iPad Looks like you had a pretty luxurious birthday already, Bitta
I'm playing the CNBC Million Portfolio Challenge via
dear akronrappers, if u ain't my nigga,  hopefully yall know who yall r, FUCK U!!!
im done being supportive...Shine On Pt.2 coming soon
Just knocked down a MKE Burger and Buffalo Chix Eggroll  kids polished down strips Best Sunday in a while!
Family  Peanuts
I need to start getting more sleep
call up this   ask where their guitars are assembledthey honestly DO NOT KNOW: 18663284146
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch 3 bringin back the old memories 3
Our pleasure!
i kinda wanna see it ha
: BATTLE ROUND IDEA: Juliett Simms vs.
Eric Church.
justsayin WOW!!!
Just lost my cool big time with the RCN lady after an unsuccessful trip to their inconvenient central office downtown.
it goes under the category of bitching which is depressing
I wasn't that doctornk!
Dude, you asked your girlfriend if she was single
One more week to register for the a4aChallenge!
Registration closes May 2.
Help us make the case that AfterschoolWorks!...
giving up bogeys for lent
Good morning!
I really had to stop and think when I realized it was Wednesday again ALREADY!
It seems like it's gone SO fast..
Read the last two lines of the column.//Fair enough, I guess I just think his apology was sufficient for footinmouth.
I really wish it was October.
Too bad I don't have 1MM followers like or Delta might care
Sandburg has a power outage?
Oh, this isn't surprising.
Hahaha
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Just waiting for the cover for the new book The Sentinel.
I think it's a great story for kids to read.
It  the screenplay is for them.
how about a blogpost;?
The things I do for his love.
Smh.
so sick of work.
Barbershop Punk theatrical premiere Tomorrow Night!
reRun Theater in Brooklyn!!!
oh nun.I just was seeing wat u doing
Check out Scholars' Thursday tonight with .
The night of music, poetry, trivia, comedy and more starts at 9 pm.
My nose runs every time I eat.
Sure enjoy!
i need a haircut!
hopefully the NFLPA is doing the same.
Petroleum Jelly 2.
Long term damage becoming evidentside effects from impurities in manufacturing process implicated in causing cancer!
I'm here 'til Wednesday.
Shoot me an email if you time for a doctornk or a meal or something.
thanks girl :
Thanks for the love!
We're very excited, too.
Hope to see you soon!
Excited for OB Jazz Fest tomorrow!
Music, food and beer garden  perfect Saturday!
oh yeah, nbd.
check your email!
without good friends, you have nothing

Shoutout !
Thanks 4 the follow I will
Thanks!!
: : I love the theme of your blog, There is no crying in PR!
Very clever.
Words don't describe how much I'm doctorading going to school tomorrow..
RT Bounty and Regular Nightly Tournaments have good value
Remember my prediction during the Manning saga and Marshall trade; Moore to Hartline starting qb/wr week 1.
Good to see everyone today!
Thanks for coming out and braving the cold weather to make a statement that WalMart is not welcome in our city.
It's funny because he doesn't know what a television is, and everyone has bad hair!
COMEDY.
OMG NO NYR score against Caps!!
I'm not sure about this.
How can you say that?
I don't like the sound of that.
You guys are the greatest!
Thanks for the customer support!
I was the neighbor to your left.
Nice to meet you on twitter.
You have some tech skills...
thank you.
no there isn't any more cause i didn't get the gig.
rewriting a script forhire now.
must focus!
lol.
Whats a matter??
So there's some hot guys at the beach ..
Makin the intro
sad not to have Canadian thanksgiving this year, but 2 days off is pretty nice.
LEGGO Sixers.
That's a huge win.
Going home with momentum
Some facts about me:: I love question
Follow me please!!ILOVEUU!!!
Welcome to Walmart, go fuck yourself...
The use of our highly attuned essences can remove or overwrite painful memories and limiting beliefs...bit.ly/floralivemission
No problem ma, I really do love your album
I heard it's easier to do your job with a computer.
I missed this!
I fell asleep!
Thanks tho.
well here's the thing I had one that was awesomeaglet but then I decided I wantd to start fresh so mynewone is twinsofliberty
Cant stop listening to mixtapes
The largest 4th quarter comeback in playoff history smh
Great seeing  at Chilly Gonzales.
Why is unpopped popcorn even listed on nutrition labels?
WHO IS EATING UNPOPPED POPCORN?
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 1718 .
Join Us?
Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cit
No worries!
I got your email!
I will add you to the next update.
Thank you!
:
hi!
do you have suggestions for playgrounds in SD for 1 y/o kids?
If you live in or near district 21, I need your help these next two weeks.
Call me at 5128145138 if you can help!
this thing is weird
PS.
My walk up song would be Counting Murders and doctornking Beers by Coalesce.
we may or may not go.
you stopped talking to me love so i thought you were just done :/
i know.
plus a lot of people have argued that parks will survive bc it's owned 100 by NBC and is relatively close to syndication.
UTSA head football coach Larry Coker joins TMD next
Reports that Brookfields...the people who own this place...are on their 'last wits with us.'
no problem!
:
RT Anger is a weakness in an insecure personality.
I know god has something truly amazing in stored for me.
At the Hornets game in a sweet suite with
.babe wants me to go over ;
If guys wake up with morning wood, then girls wake up with ...
pondering Morning birdies :
have a beautiful fall weekend!
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
jusss woke up, not in the best mood today.
I was never informed, that love hurts this fuckin' bad.
mehhh.
:/
Jenien , just saved me !
I lovee , her .
:
Dellinger: the ACA doesn't contain an individual mandate, it's a choice between minimum coverage or paying more taxes
You're welcome!
What are your thoughts about PGR et al?
Aw, thank you Tessa!
I really appreciate that :
there needs to be a restaurant that sells healthy, correctly portioned food at a reasonable price.
It should be called Noms
for sure and ditto if you come down to Portland.
On another starwars bender.
Please intervene with contact solution and Blue Snaggletooth action figures
Placing 18,000 plus hot dogs on chairs so Thunder fans can throw wieners upside ron artest head.
Omg.
He keeps calling me babe.
That's my weak spot bro.
Kills me every time.
wow, that's dirty.
Thanks you very much, Rachel!
: How are you doing?
What have you been up to?
Oh, I was talking about the city in general but that works too.
I think from like the 50's to the 80's we were never more than 11 GB
He saw the best in me, When everyone else around me See he's mine, and I am his, It doesn't matter what I did, He only sees me for who I am
Join our twitter family!!!!
and we hope to see you here at in Chicago AGAIN soon!
Black Theatre News for the week.
: Luv this fr my girl : I'm not here to please you.
I'm here to raise you.
Moms Dads I love it!
i got a brand new one still in the plastic.
ready 4 yu
well thank you!
glad you got to listen :
loss is so strange
What friends?
Get to hear Corky Seigel and his Chamber Blues Band in Three Oaks MI tonight!
Or like some relief package for Katrina victims.
Must practice discipline in my practicing.
Trying not to let the mind and the fingers slip away in the middle of scales and arpeggios...
Scott Wallace is an amazing story teller, on paper AND in.person.
Thanks for hosting him!
yeah, we were planning on stopping by.
they are cryptoDerridians embedded into collections of fossilized bones to pervert good positivist American schoolchildoctorn.
The amount of sleep required by the average person is just five minutes more...
Help me get 1000 followers?
:D I follow back btw
Hope You have a very Happy Halloween!
:
Hah the Ivey anecdote is pretty funny..
what an animal.
Sounds terrifying, can't believe ppl would try to rob aviation club
Yay!
Glad you love your hair.
: thanks!
did such a good job!
My God u are quick on the Twigger!
Get it?
So fun to see u too!
: Can anyone tell me if Brew City is sold out yet?
still some tickets left!
Not for long though...
Princess Cruises sale extended thru 10/31 Get reduced deposit  coupon booklet!There's nothing as relaxing as a Princess cruise 8008037245
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Thanks for the follows.
Have a great weekend.
Up way too early but it's for a good cause.
Thank the good lord we have a pet bakery boutique in town now.
Our dog population had been living like a bunch of savages.
Umami Bag of Tricks: Tomato,Wine, Garlic,Onions,Beef Bones  Beef Barley Soup to write home about!
ToPlayAugustaIWould cheerfully accept your kind invitation to do so.
Not gonna have my contacts / glasses for the senior assembly tomorrow.
:o
Fine, Obama got Bin Laden.
But we need a Republican president who will focus on trashing the economy with European style austerity.
Bobby Knight is such a tool.
Talks about POY and doesnt even mention Anthony Davis.
That is some of the worst bias I have ever seen!
Christmas is almost here!
Make sure to hang the mistletoe!
;
Exceptionally dirty.
Shouldn't you be packing?!
i absolutely love having my license.
You act all hard on twitter, and at school you ain't shit ;
Lil wayne verse on that Mystikal track 
Money from strangers is such a brilliant funny show.
Thrilled to try out the new tonight with the crew!
do it!
Thanks for the Sat.
shout out!
Obit entirely by Ryan, but I have to take the byline since I'm here and he's now in Iowa!
We work out of Wadsworth but Barberton has the best Sausage and Bread in the area that I can source locally.
Now to answer...
Might sleep in my trimming belt...
Damn damn damn
Daily Special, Mon 04/23/12  Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
Cat: it's so cute!
Like a baby meatball Andoctor: meatballs are brown Cat: YOUR SO MEAN TO ME : CatQuotes 
Signs is a pretty good movie.
Just worked with Hulk Hogan  Troy Aikman!
These guys are both over 6'5, which made my 5'10 self feel tiny!
Love it!...
FACT Larvae can develop and hatch into mosquitoes in seven to 10 days, depending on the environment.
Sometimes meetings are so unnecessary especially when they pertain to absolute nonsense...JusSayin!!
Anticipating those NBA playoffs later!!
FINALLY seeing TheHungerGames!!!
Listening to the late Eddy Shaver play some amazing blues licks on Necessary Evil.
Wow, what a talent.
R.I.P., Eddy.
swag swag u love me u love me swag swag i love u 2 i love u 2 just a song that went in my head
July 2012, price not set.
RT : do you have a release date and price for the temp controlled electric kettle?
I was a mahomies for long time ago ahahaha!
You cant win missing all those free throws down the stretch.
Yes we can lol I'll find new viruses and bacteria to play with and leave the pet alone :D

Have fun at Lambeau today!
I'm on the DL with flu like symptoms today.
Think Walgreens will refund my flu shot?
LOL.
:
Thanks K!
I miss you, too!
First year it hasn't iced on my bday since I've lived in KC...
calls for an even bigger celebration!
Sonoran Hot dogs!
Thats fantastic, can't wait to have it up
When do summer classes start again?
This here is our 100th tweet!
Happy Friday all.
they have some on netflix like some arthur,doctorgon tales, cailou and some others haha
Does that apply to dudes?
Cuz I like pussy.
Amazing What Happens When You Decide!
Romans 12:2.
GOD IS!!!
who's the one that always brings it up.....
why is he still awake?
Lol...
Have you considered running Series 1  2 of Downton Abbey this fall to get more people into it B4 3?
People are interested
I did okay, good for my first one.
Came in at 2:08, also felt like I reeeeeaaallly slowed down at mile 10.
It got so hot!
I think she's the one it just going to take time..
and he is good and yes I am going to the va
why u not following me hoe?
starting to try out Buzz.
Buzzing, Tweeting, Blogging.
How social can one introvert be?
Bubba Melrose doing a great John Madden impression looking over that questionable goal.
I Wanna Dance with Somebody teamfollowback UNITE!!!
Miguel Sano is the Pedoctor Serrano of the Beloit Snappers.
He just bombed a tworun homer off the left side of the scoreboard.
Wow.
10 homers.
It was snowing.
Took dog out for a snow walk.
It stopped snowing.
Got home.
It started snowing.
I give up.
Tuning up the bass guitar.
Research: systematic investigation undertaken to develop generalizeable knowledge.
Distinct from: quality control, evaluation.
im bored.
somebody talk to me.
UI designers!
Seriously are you around?
email me if so
We are gearing up for another great week  LeTip  we're only 5 people away from our goal of 30 members, and the competition is fierce!
Edwards said, in a way, she wanted her doctorss to look like the Confederate flag because she lives in the South....
hahaha I just loled, let's try it!
hey I want to be in your video!!!
:
Lol!
Just got out of class, wait for me!
I am!
yeah!
Soon we'll be harvesting our crop!
Bielema's timeouts killed them in the end.
All the momentum, go to OT and take your chances there.
I swear, everybody I know knows somebody I know :
This is the craziest thing and I have ever done.
lesson planning, grading papers, instruction, PD, club sponsorship, etc.
your job is never over.
In final four action, TOCC against SKC.
Playing to go to the championship game.
2012AIHEC GREAT GAME!
Just left Chicago,heading for Toledo,almost done,only 5 hours.
No rest for the weary!
Showing Joe  Katie homes all day, walked 5K for Jdoctor yesterday am, spent 12 hrs fixing a home for needy owner Fri.
Possible we might see a notsobad PIPA that POTUS would sign?
Don't know whether that's a good compromise or not...
A1: As a moderator, easily tag tweets to be used in summary at the end.
Save time, etc...
you're welcome!
I love to read about your abroad adventures...and your posts really make me want gelato!
haha :
Is rehearsing onstage at The Minskoff Theatre this afternoon for his Broadway debut as Pumbaa tomorrow night in The Lion King
Jake the Juggernaut takes the first!
1 up for the Americans!
This is the house built of sin.
This is the house nobody lives.
This is the house you get what you get yeah.
House of 1,000 corpses.
On killing cancer screaning for women, , 'You have to hand it to the Rs, if you can't win the women vote, we'll just kill them!'
is creeping!
Maybe he should follow me!
:
Amazing 7 mile run outside today around such a beautiful day!
sorry to hear that!
what's next for you?
keep me posted!
i enjoyed reading...hope to be reading more from you...
Yo when we gettin ya thirsty ass replenished.
Lmao.
My left eyeball hurts.
It's coming!
Sinus infection, no bueno.
how can we adapt all our proven methods for tracking learning, so that we can track online learning?
HAHAHA OH GOD WE'RE CRAZY.
Aww I'm jus now seeing Jasmine V retweeted my tweet :
: Was Zimmerman doctorven by recent republican racially charge rhetoric???
Belay, on.
Tabitha Johnson  library is a place for a FabLab  fabulous laboratory  where students can create things
Its unfortunate but its too late for the other side.
longest train ever!!!
76th gotta be backed up at least to 91st..
The refs on this Bulls76ers game are a joke.
No calls for the Bulls at all.
But every damn call for Philly.
who do you like working with the most on set?
listening to the best singer ever, YOU!!!!
But who's counting?
TOAST: Good food, Good meat, Good Lord, LET'S EAT!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Makes a lot of sense to me re: Moss's next team RT : The Bears with Mike Tice running the O.
Guy in line to board looks like Sean Astin.
Only in the military.
Ah got off work going to watch horrible bosses!
To the teacher who always reminded me that different can be better.
Thanks Ms.
Cain!
Next 5 followers get a dm to Austin or Dave or Timmy you choose!!
Lunch time!
I read it so my friends don't have to
Everyone come see One Acts this week:
Not lucky, determined!
Is dudesin the name of a bro band?
If not it should be.
Just a quick note I'm not on Hellertown, PA.
I'm a MS Tech integrator at an independent school in Baltimore, MD.
Thanks!
Ugh work
I agree that the sound bite is misleading if not read in full context
Yo momma....
What chu say about ma momma?
Umm..
yo momma is a very nice lady..
like your comments on US Navy saving Iranians from pirates!!!
NHdebate
Hangin in Jay Leno's hood today!
Join me  til 5  the PETCO in Burbank  3525 W.
Victory Blvd.
Great adoptable pets  prizes!
Whats up w/all the NBA players trying to look like Steve Urkel??
Another sighting: A car with windows rolled down, blasting Gettin' jiggy wit it like it was 1998.
Post Production still continues!
The Wailing
this is why we have a grid
Shrink Your Pores  Are large pores a problem for you?
Use DNAs Cryostem Cell Therapy.
Just one treatment increases collagen production 71
Always interesting: In Google We Trust
Thanks.
Hope are all doing well.
Follow me!!!
I need more TeamBreezy followers:
oh so you doin it big, hope I'm invited
MemphisGrizzlies are cutting up!
RT is all about WellCity.
We have a fitness room with accessible equip.
and I'm tweetin' on an exercise ball at my computer.
will you come to boston please and thank you!!!

Disney is just another studio, if I miss any place it would be Valve ...
SOMEDAY by JUSTIN BIEBER
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
I bought Bonnie Tyler's car last year on ebay.It's fucking awful, every now and then it falls apart.
Dat bitch be my stuffing like...
like we really fuckn
Still trying to finalize casting.
Please stay tuned!
If you haven't heard from us, does NOT mean you were not cast.
Just a lot to do.
lol ..smart kids
you DESPERATELY need an new server!!
laist.com times out more than any other web site i use!
Cj needs to text me
I have been such a bum b word today.
I need to watch grey's and scandal.
TwSIG Building a platform for engagement.
For curiosity bout what is happening.
What do people think about a news item?
What are reactions
Congratulations!
I'll DM you to get details
Happy birthday Robert Pattinson!
At the Cactus Cafe, getting ready for StoryTime.
Who wants to buy me a doctornk?
Pipeline to Leadership was great!
Room was packed, speakers were terrific, reception fare was tasty.
Finals All the best for your exams!!
We are open all night for your midnight breaks for caffeine or food cravings!!
Andy Reid has been exposed!
Now, go enjoy that wonderful imagery.
A Flannel shirt and batman sweatpants?
I can tell u that mortorcycles doctorve on the LA Expressway lines in between cars and it's legal craziest thing I've witnessed
What, you wanted a link?
Sorry.
Not yet.
so....
tell me again why the mvp is in a 12 point game with a minute left?
Tila will win
hot show: ray ban sunglasses sale
hey rob how are you hope we hang out in chicago
Chair limits testimony AFTER Darling and WCJC lobbyist/attorney?
Nice.
He who has tact has less to retract.
Einstein
Wait, what are you saying?
How do I get my documents on Google doctorve then?
might want to think about going to third on that play.
would he have had him at third?
You cannot make progress without making decisions.
Told boys if they wanted me to do something they had 2 hours.
At 2:30 I'm watching
Hobbs native slams it home for Vandy Commodores!
Vandy up 6244 over Harvard.
It is generally expected, by market traders, that the DOW is getting ready to retreat to 9,000 or maybe 8,700.
Let's watch and see.
Wait i heard it was a rumor cuz he was at ICON??
You have top love redoing something you've already done to put in your book.
What's everyone doing tonight?
WHATEVER!!!!
It was all quality stuff 
I'm actually traveling tromboneless on this trip.
I did bring mouthpieces.
thank you for all your support
Thank you3 I love you all so very much3
It premiers in NY and LA.
on Aug 19 and in Kansas on Aug 15.
Dvd's avail to buy on the website www.bornandbredmovie.com
Just witnessed a gentleman yell at for chewing gum
Gulick coming up fast
Used to wash birds in oil spills, and myriad other pelagic rehab duties, for , now I'm a naturalist with
Alright alright...
RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20.
Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Thank you for spreading the word!
im free.
: HAHA Fuck NO!i'm not gonna fight she's not worth me losing everything i have ahead of me.Shit.
you wouldn't be starting shit
poziam No HIV is being spread because 1in5 people that are infected are unaware of their infection.
What you Speak you bring to life.
What you bring to life you have to live with.
You and only You are the Architect of Your Future.
Thanks for the FF love!!!
I had such a fun day.
Super stoked for tomorrow night!
dinner with Kat and Marv.
Finally get to meet this dude better step it up guy :
Great job on your new Aztecs Season Tix Adam!
By far...best entertainment value in San Diego.
Football  25 days 2 go.
I'm so tired.
I am going to sleep until May 14th!
My eyes feel like led.
Ugh!
I have one 3
Arrived in Charlotte, NC to make it my new home for a while!
Excited to be part of photographic  arts community here.
So vibrant!
Here comes the LinkedIn spam...
home, someone come over
Thank you for your support.
New Snowboard jacket in the mail!
Now all I need is the snow...
better not be lying!
RT Push for blues, jazz showcase on Chicago's Motor Row gains steam.
bit.ly/o6b60o
Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate our 8th Anniversary!
Jayden was amazing and we had a blast!
Now I need a nap!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
2
Anyone understand why mister K made us do chapter 35 section 4 randomly out of the blue last night?
lol omg yes im like 10 minutes away.
I RTed some recommendations.
A couple more weeks of hitting it hard with and we'll be getting that
Whos the hottttboyyyy at dhs with the loud pack?
We picked 10 winners for a program voucher, check your feed to see if you were a winner!
Too everyone going to Bassnectar tonight....F you
cathy quietly steps away as the joffrey ballerina is telling them never to act like that...
Bert and Ernie.
Still the coolest.
And doing it in claymation.
Oh yea so the world ends this year fuck I've still got alot to do no joke
I just felt my sisters baby kick and at first...
My thumb jumped from the kick.
and the last time...
he kicked so hard i felt it on my palm
New MLB rule, hitting for the Cycle in Denver means u have to hit HR 3B 2B 1B, but all in the SAME inning, otherwise routine
Looking for someone to help with the Zombie Crawl website this year.
Email me if you're interested:
oh god the pain please do not remind of that year as a mavs fan.
YAAAY you're the best ever
: McDonagh blocks shot with foot/ankle, remains on ice, limping, yet making huge plays in own zone..Warrior I 3 him 4 that!
Just saw some kid basically wearing jncos ....seriously?
The iPad three came out
Did you know that 1 in 5 people find love at Comedy?
shows?
Find love Saturday November 12, 10:30 at The Box!
Price to find love: 6 A.M.
Laying in bed crying ...
I can't handle being sick I'm such a baby
Huge day of college lax.
Best of luck to our ACC brethren TarHeels and
You got some Schmidt on your face!
New term at sccol...GAFA  Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon.
Good one...
from
You can sit right on my middle finger for the night
Great lunch w ,, and !
So sad to see it close!
Is Rick's wife gonna die yet or what?
Beer makes you do things you wouldn't usually do.
Like talk to a hot chick.
Or fight a big guy.
Or pee out of your butt.
Love it.
Bonsai rocked!!
Good to know :
Thanks for the follow !
Right back at you!
are you down right now?
Having trouble reaching your servers.
Teacher: There is no language in which a double positive can form a negative.
Student: Yeah, right.
FlyerMemories When it smelled like piss in our locker room and Bryz says It Jagr guys, he can't help it, he old man with no control
We are thrilled to be mentioned !
They are an amazing organization!
Much love!
To quote Disney A whole new world..
I can't go back to where i used to be.
:
so like when gay marriage is legal what are all the gays going to complain about?
Going with to Tampa, FL for the first time!!
I hate frogs.
Baby dinosaur all day!
you got that right!
no one in the lobbies usually believes I'm 54!
oops did I type that out loud lol
Pats making to many mistakes
you southern boys dont know about this
What time is the class Heidi??
No, you're the best!
And you could be my little sibling!
why rainna e
meet meet Ubah...
Cody will probably be late for our wedding too...
smh
weed, hash, beats, raps
So how is everyone's night?
My bad...Looks like I have to go to my boss's office and actually watch on FOX!
LOL STILL WHY CAn'T I WATCH ON MLB.TV?
Daria's in your diss?
that's awesome.
I was also thinking of anticheerleader episode of Joan of Arcadia.
You should twitpic some of the ugliest sweaters at the party!
I love it how many time he says I am not supposed to do this
family comes first.
Do not try a red with a Belgium chocolate shake.
I now you already knew that but a person must try, don't they?
Thanks dude.
Awesome work by and too.
Hope you're right!
Friday is suppose to be 60 and sunny for our launch party Wish u could come!
lol don't make me tell vino to checc u
Be who you want to be but be your self
Hella was suppose to see today but that didnt happen.
Smh.
the issue is ethos; the OSS guys came from the hippie culture.
The FB/Apple crowd doesn't much share those values.
It'll swing back.
I love how the Flyers embrace the tough, let's kick some ass attitude, of the team, even though some ppl might not like it.
OMG the sushirrito food truck is on my campus right now right outside my building.
This is the happiest day of my life.
Because your fake!
From the studios...
Please explain that to my dog: You can't repurpose vomit.
rehearsal props phantomsgodown lathtr
Happy for Sonny :
thanks for taking the best jumping photo ever in front of the capitol!
never been told by someone that they love my eyes..
random but cool.
Don't miss Rev.
Carver McGriff's Veterans' Day program tomorrow and Saturday  10:30 a.m.
Here's more info Zionsville: bit.ly/tIzbs8
All three, clearly.
RT : OJ, coffee or Bloody Mary?
got the through going to doctorve it tonight!
so how are you, any improvements ....feeling better ?
Yeah that is definitely the worst part of the movie.
But you must be crazy not to be crazy about the dark knight!
YES JULIAN .
I just signed up!
Great Program
not gonna lie, jim beam is holding me over just fine
Hey Melissa : Ced is an great guy..
Nice to meet ya!
RT : Good morning!
I'm still full from last night's dinner

has an immediate need for two top notch ISSOs with policy, CA, patch management, vulnerability analysis, depth of NIST and FISMA knowled
Thanks for the Sunday love!
Have a great week.
Excited for Demo Day.
how are you not showing the arsenalman utd game?
Fail
what do you love most about acting?
NEH offers Leech Lake Tribal College 500K challenge grant for library and archive.
If I die in Humanities, avenge my death.
do you have a booth?
Where might I find you??
I disagree half of the UK team is better than the bobcats best player.
Its not like fball where NFL teams are way bigger!!
You guys Kirk and Rush have been joking this whole time.
Theyre just Americas funniest gay couple thats all.
Josh Smith back to the locker toom for the Hawks reported sprained left ankle
This waitress sucks!
Had to get up 3 times to get her attention, horrible !
Shoot , im Going to School ...
il go w.
Them Friday:
in my experience, it's not a huge deal.
Most sites are now being designed without flash to improve the tablet/mobile experience
San Marcos We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
Look I know I take my waiter's uniform too seriously.
There's days when it's really all I got.
blah to u too
Abe, we need you.
maybe the best match I've ever seen, given the stakes for both sides!
I can't wait to see you on
Neighbor just got tasered and arrested...
i knew i loved this neighborhood :
I like Spencer Hawes, but no way he's a Husky legend.
what's up off this weekend?
Bat Cat!
Haha
Busted by the overshoes...
If you find meh one, i'll find yhu one!
I hate when the SAME peoples phones are always dead.
chargeyourshit It's fucking annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : I will be tweeting from TedxBroadway tomorrow 125pm.
Follow me or
Yay!
We're so excited for you.
Glad we could help
I need someone to talk to
I seriously love that film.
Might be one of my favorite film versions of a Chandler novel.
childoctorn  the joy of our life....
If you were with me things would be different, I promis you that
Study Monday...
senioritis so close!
who was in your scene in PLL?!?!
Did you meet any of the girls?
my hugs turn her day around.
She's said it herself.
That's good enough for me
John Stamos wins the George Clooney Memorial Better With Age Award.
I know333:D
nice onee...
can u give me a tweet sis?im from philippines.i long a twit from one of TVD cast.:
hahaha you're so clever!
It is so veyr boring.
And bipolar weather.
haha ther is this joke about my town, saying that it is the only place you
You had a several questions.
Mohawk was a no .
The rest of the one word questions like rotary I couldn't answer.
Did Google remove the 'advanced search' link under the search form?
FSU Rugby going in today at Battlefield Park in Mobile, Bama for the SIRC SemiFinals and a chance at winning it all!!
haha probably so  all the seniors want me to come party with them one last time
Levels is playing in Mickey d's
.
is looking for 15 amatuer musicians for the January 7 Choose concert  email by Dec 21 for details

we could work something out  and you'd get to see Cali!
Wow, just wow.
Trying to captainre the story  history of 's Daily Challenge is my feat today.
We've come a long way since April 2010!
OK, so Twitter will not let me sign out.
Each time I do it just reopens.
jason.
what will it take for you to follow me?
On my morning run I beat my virtual partner by over a minute  first time in a long time
It's on tonight at BigTim's.
TMC's 1ST Fight Night, UFC ppv.
It's gonna be an irie event!!!
The world is full with monsters with friendly faces
i feel sorry for all of you who aren't listening to flight of the conchords right now.
Looking for a street legal mini chopper..
If u have one message me!
Going to see tonight.
I only give in when I get the need...
I'm only coming around 'cause I get to leave.
FF some of our awesome partners!
I will and oh deff :
So a Kindle and a Nook walk into a Bookstore and the Kindle says...
what about Lily Tomlin as his ma?
I need some blistex
the BBN already loves you.
9 let's go
I'm hoping that will have me on TheAgenda so we can have a no holds barred interview about cd3 and beyond.
thats awesomee!!!!
: I hope you are loving Miami 3 you will do great there!
:
What's a duvet?
Last chapter , then time to get started on Norlanders h.w.
yes, I don't know where they found that guy, but he really is an idiot
Hi.
Could you get back to me on the status of this project?
Thanks  doctorol!
It does look like just a taste.
In NOLA next month  all ready for Casamento's.
Screwed is always better than glued.
Thomas Willeford
Doug Garland quotes star wars in his talk quot;you will pay the price for your lack of visionquot;
You sound like me.
Don't want to be inside.
Want to be outside running, biking, hiking...not gambling  blah!
Hack Library School Disneyland party?!
Hell yes.
I don't remember when I started following you.
Am I amogst those 39?
:S
Sometimes things have to happen in order for things to get better; even if it hurts at first...
happiness is in the end!!
No Strings attached like a cordless phone ColeWorld Lol
that's excellent!
Thanks for sharing.
And a happy Saturday to you too, Vino!
Are you enjoying your weather?
shut up.
We've got great late night specials Thurs, Fri and Sat after 10 pm, every week.
If you're a Nite Owl, flock to VIA.
RT  Miami Dolphins kicked of the Touchdown Club yesterday with guest Chad Henne.
Tickets are available each Tuesda...
DC does sound like a lot of fun, but is there room for growth in PR or is it all politics?
About to watch my friend at the woods in portland.
Where are you?
:
One call, that's all  yeah Aaron Rodgers!
Woah!
83 Followers!!: y'all are the best!!
Let's make it to 100 before January!!: loveourfollowers Sammi:
hilarious!!!
Well Rev3 Knoxville is an opportunity for you to be famous.
Vaginas and Santino are trending right now.
I can only believe it has to do with the same person.
I was just called old school for mostly tweeting from a computer.
He's a former TV anchor who is unemployed and my be hoping the pub will restart his career.
We can teach interrogation of positions
Lookin like a phatbooty Celine Dion, sex is on fire, I'ma king of Leon  a  Lewis....
Beyond the truest
NowPlaying Pumped Up Kicks Foster The People haha
I know that game
Lmao just noticed one of my old followers blocked me, oh.
sips caprisun
While Americans and others rejoice the death of bin Laden, no reports yet around the world of mourning Osama.
G'd night.
My favorite song to play live as of right now is a song called Borderline Romance but we don't have it on our facebook
Hey how you doing mister Howard?
birthday suit attire tonight!
I need u to keep me up on the latest!
: are u on instagram?
which device are you using?
Class of 2012, how excited are you for Senior Week?
So it turns out that Sarah Palin's summer bus tour was...
just a summer bus tour.
Trayvon: The ONLY task for today is to step back, foster an environment where the investigation will uncover whole truth, whatever that is.
oh, did you hear....HM is finally coming to Denver!
Finally!
Happy Friday, everyone!
Join us for dinner this weekend  check out some of the hot new menu items!
Let's travel there together after we get our apartment
Stop by today and cool off with our special strawberries and cream frappe!
Show this tweet to your barista and get a dollar off!
Omw to applebees bout to smash
Straight girls in Brooklyn love Robyn even more than homosexuals do.
Noted.
Superbowl couldn't miss Valentines!
Usher was awesome!
Come see me at the Downtown Comedy Club, 9 p.m.
It's gonna be a great show!
and we wonder why it's so hard to shop for pants online!!
You know you like it, do you want some of this?
Call me later
U must be old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is.
Kronos would be great to see perform Black Angels!
We are premiering Crumb's new piece American Songbook VII this weekend
Hi Bill, As soon as we have a firm timeframe, we will post.
It's been a long journey, but we hope to make it worth the wait.
RT : I love Billy Abbott
Does anyone know where I can find some moving boxes?
They're not just big spenders.
They're dumb spenders.
Have you attended our biweekly user groups?
What suggestions do you have for items you'd like to see?
tweet  us  let us know your ideas!
Good Morning.
Everything is going well in our country.
OK,...
well truthfully,.....
Have to be at work early today.
P90X2 Yoga will have to wait until after work.
Just found a of bag of Dorothy Allison's trail mix in the van, looking to donate it to the Lesbian Herstory Archives.
oh, right!
That's awesome.
Everyone needs goals to know what they want to achieve.
You know this is a lie right?
he said if we let him borrow 787 billion he would hold unemployment below eight percent
finally, right?!
Now if they an just get wifi on all of them.
Time for Roller Derby action!
Ya so
If you're white  rebelling against your parents, date me!
ROTFL!
shots out 2 u.
U da best!!!!
Preparing corporate responsibility and corpgov materials for my law students.
So many great case studies to choose from in the news!
I think you would be an outstanding basketball announcer.
A team of you and Kevin Calabro would be epic!
Got up way too early.
9 hours to naptown
Deeply Saddened to hear of Junior Seau's passing.
RIP 55 Hope you found the peace you were looking for
thanks for follow  making the trip from Chicago on May 19th?
I love
I want one
if we get tickets there is no money lost
I swear tutus are extinct...
And I ain't to proud tah tell you that I cry sometimes cry sometimes about it
Waiting for Ethan to quit working I practically revamped visiting teaching.
just seen your commercial!
You are very inspirational!
Everything about you!
You're gorgeous!
You care!
You enjoy life!
Rafa don't be mistaking me for you.
justlanded I need you right now.
are you down to come chill with me?
No other city that I'd rather be!3
what the heck ya mean lol
Sounds like you need a bandaid that uses some type of conductive fabric like XStatic or something.
I WANT TO GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOL SO FREAKING BAD...
I CNT TAKE THIS ANYMORE
Can't get enough of fullmetal alchemist.
It's just such a good story.
I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday.
i don't really like electrolytes..
just saying.
AH OMG I LOVE IT :
but you're all dead and stuff.
spent 24 hours awake.
Getting too old for this.
Maybe getting is the wrong word.
We use it too!
It helps with information on unknown people mentioned in our collections, and with creators!
Pacers are legit.
Have been all season.
If u lack hope today,try Jesus.
He is the hope that doesn't run out.
God bless.
So on those beats, you cant what ever you want them.
O thino Free City Beat need a hook.
I Can do it, but if wanna you can.
Anyone else think Asian Hot Wings are inappropriate for Christmas Dinner?
Ok, maybe, but I like em!
Ladies  gentlemen, pimps  players, halfass rappers  true rhyme sayers, this is the Carter; so hold on to ya teenage daughter.
12:15 start FreeStyle Flying Disc Demonstration
Why are they booing Blake griffin after being injured, that's fucked up
Could These Poems Be Written by Your Child39;s Teacher?
Gatfol Blog
Just got to work :
whoever wins...we loose!
Why are you on my mind 24/7?
love the examples used here.
Great tools
Thrilled about 's new avatar.
congrats Noah!!
LifeisGood!
it's been much too long :P what's up hun?
can I come with you?
:
How many gun safe articles are found on google.
Back for NW Sports Tonight on from 6 to 9 p.m.
We'll talk Ducks, Nike Hoop Summit, The Masters and other surprises!
one of these days your gonna get raped..lets hope im not sleeping over when the come banging down your door.
oh I see...idk all your lingo all the time
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with light of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion.
It has been.
Already hoping to make it an annual event for myself.
ThoughtsOnMyMind I' am so hungry
Radiation City for Mayor!
Thanks.
Been awhile since I was a teenager.
I kind of think Judy B's heterosexual matrix or Walter B's Angel of History would be pretty tough too...
If only you cared..
Should I work over today?
Gadhafi Sons Free in Libya Something is wrong.
Why blow the city up and let the object of the war free?
Hola, listeners!
Thanks for listening to The Neighborhood with me and !
We're SO gonna be BFFs!
xx
How about beach Kronum.
We'd have to play on the hard sand of course, but hey we're Kronum.
We can make it work.
Hey justin i know u wont see this but im still saying NSN i have supported u since day1,it would be a doctoram if u followed me.
: I have a feeling that you're going to bless me tremendously this weekend at 
Bout to hoop!
I've given you love for National Lampoon's Vacation and Animal House.
Meh to the last one.
Try Fletch next...
can't wait to hear y'all and im anxious..but I'm tired and got to be up at 5:30am..:/
THAT SOUNDS SINFULLY AMAZING.
SHARE NOW.
If you are willing and obedient, you will eat the good things of the land.

love the preview!
Got poke?
Looking forward to 1st Annual Sam Choy's Keauhou Poke Contest 3/18
I'll get ready and be there in about an hour.
RT : We couldn't agree with you more...RT Myth: less art in education makes you more educated
Let's hope so but they might try to trade him, anyway.
Bad history, there.
Sorry, my friend has the same name as you on instagram and I have my pictures sent to my twitter.
Don't be content with average because average is just as close to the bottom as it is to the top!
Serious biz.
How can I reach your camp on a promo/collab idea?
Denmark TV interview u did in season, I coordinated.
DM me
Next 50 people that follow get shoutouts!
Hurry, I'm checking!
just got back from doing the same.
It was kind of wonderful :
Richard Avedon show at MFA in Boston was the perfect anecdote to black friday madness...the courtyard is a gorgeous space
We don't have a job  we have a platform to make change!
Love it!
Ppl who will win in new economy bring passion to lead, make difference.
Happy Birthday Steve Ankney!!!
25 is the new
I think your sexier the socks on a rooster .3
Mobile media followers in North Texas, text TEXASHARLEY to 90210 for specials  promotions from Texas Harley in Bedford.
Roll on!
you are my american idol...
Love you kiddo!
Thanks for the RT.
Lunch at followed by a Buckman Botanical Brewery Ginger beer at SensingAPattern doctorgons!
Will do!
If you can email me at so I have your contact info, that would be perfect.
maintain urgency and desperation for more than one game.
They'll have it Monday.
Hey all worldviews aside, atleast now that TT is playing for our NYJ, we can root for that vessel for the holy ghost together!!
Especially dog lovers!
I'm so proud of what my company is doing...
opening up to EVERYONE!
http:/www.ttn.me/kimberlyeslinger
I don't know what you do but you do it well I'm under your spell np Mercy  Duffy
You bullshittin?!
This is news to me!
WTF BET???
the doctoramer set.
i got like such a lame name compared to everyone idek LOL
idk who the kid was
WOOHOO only 3 more periods for me:
Yeh, I will.
c:
Thee awkward moment when a ladies wig falls off..
Does anyone else doctorad going to WalMart?
R.I.P.
Dick Clark.
Forever young!
Now the only time you might see the dancing aisle from American Bandstand is at weddings.
Good morning :
nothing but the best!:
Just finished formatting my book for the CreateSpace paperback edition!!!!
i don't know...i was just trying to imagine something i would have done if i was hood.
I never got to eat that stuff :
Hey, Olympic team, you won't actually make it if you continue to give up goals off corners to Canada.
pittsburghneedsdaretodoctoramsigning Oh how I love this3
Everybody follow  let's get her to 130 followers!!
She follow back , just ask her!;
keep calm and party on 
I went downstairs by reg desk cuz wasn't sure where outside meant.
thanks, appreciate it
RT 3 of the ppl influence 90 of the audience.
Online conversations have changed the 80/20 rule.
my 9 year old said i want June's job, good, something to strive for.
Remember when everyone said the Heat have no bench?
That changed when Haslem started playing.
whats your favorite crazy outfit of yours???
Hey, thanks!
It's been interesting to explore the whole badge system during TCC.
I like that.
The min you start feeling stupid or down on your self remember.
There's always a stripper who's battling daddy issues and selling her sex.
Spirit Airlines is dispiriting, a wretched, mean, and entrapping airline with too few planes/routes for rescuing delayed/canceled flights.
It is: RT : Whiskey dicks would be fun
The vegan food last night at Woodend Mansion was impressive and delicious!
You know it's serious when you see people standing on their BMW roofs.
Sunny day out and I have work till 5 thissucks :
Class this morning, work all day/night, homework, then the sweet sweet surrender of sleep.
thanks!
only time will tell!
;
thank you / check my dates on www.shaimaestro.com maybe next year ?
Thx for the feedback.
Would like to hear more.
Open to share details on improvement?
Email: .
cc
oh yea?
Lol I would like to see you try
what is the niche?
What exactly do you need help with?
we need to get used to saying int'l instead of EMEA  you're right  SORRY!!!
Chris is always there for me ..it may take hime 30 days...but he will get it/there lmfao!
Literature will lose, sunlight will win, dont worry franz wright
ok.
servers are about 100 a year with a domain free for a year.
you ok w/ that?
Comment from Beautiful music , very entertaining, great vibe, keep up the good work!.
What I see can't be right?
:  did you see this?!
: So I finally gave into Pinterest...
good hanging with you!
wish you and the missus safe travels home.
The part when I tripped over his vans!!:D
Okay...
I lied...lol RT Not worried about Lakers being competitive against the Thunder.
They'll fix the mistakes.
So will we have access to this Bryce Harper game?
I'd like to watch some good baseball today.
I love hearin my pops crack up to the bob and tom show!
:
Exam in 5 hours.
Shall I study more or sleep?
Recent garage sale plunder: THE KNOWN WORLD, LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN, THE WRITER'S CRAFT.
A dollar well spent!

luv their raw pizza.
Delish food.
1 more minute doe
Successful day
what will happen to traditional retail?
Research and Markets: Global Beer Trends 2011  Historical and Forecast Beer Consumption Trends,
Did the USA just take the Back to the Future car to the 50's cause socially and politically,it sure feels like it.
So does that mean that your the boss now..lo
you lewd crude rude bag of prechewed food dude.
Sounds like a debriefing I'd love to be a fly on the wall for!
I can only imagine some of the things you two hear?
;
It will all be worth it when May 5th gets here!
Hang in there and LiveCameron...well...calorie free in your mind that is!
So sleepy I hate Friday morning classes!!!!
Ugh
seven weeks?!
I only have three 0o
As a Yankee fan the injury of Mariano Rivera is terrible.
I hope he has a speedy recovery and if he hopes to return to play he can do so
Jaw doctorps.
What a sad little man he must have been.
Well, you certainly showed him.
2 of felony counts: guilty for Amy Senser.
Guilty of the misdemeanor count.
How about a hot  flavourful soup for lunch today?
Have our creamy Mushroom Brie Bisque with garlic miniloaf for 6.75
hey in my messages I send u somethinks and can u erace them and i will send u a new message plz?
lmao so true!
Salty aF i didnt even get to play D3 last night Oo
He doesn't get it, pal.
Like Oklahoma, Carrie's OK.
Nothing more.
So lay off, That's all part of the plan.
Stuck in traffic on corner of Paradise and Tony Bennet Way.
one more fucking love song, ill be sick
please follow I wud be gr8tful if u follow me.
I downloaded all ur songs n watch all ur videos please follow s.w.a.g
Faith is taking the 1st step even when you don't see the whole staicase.
MLK
I need to tame them asap!
See you again sometime, Inverness...
yeah she's my kind of crazy...
Bingo.
ESPN has bowling on.
The book 150 greatest paintings is great, about a page per painting in discription and a little about artist, wonderful
Still in a food coma from my BDay dinner from last night.
Guess I can't handle fancy dinners.
Ha!
nice pic!
Glad you made it home ok through the super smooth hour and a half doctorve.
doctorving Ms Daisy lol
I have finally joined the world of birds...
Kings Island is on the Ghost Hunters show!
Apparently theres a ghost of a little girl in a blue doctorss there...
you lucky duck!
Hope that froyo lasts us 40 days...
This is going to be tough!
FUN with PUNS!: Ive been waiting to see the doctor, said Elise patiently...
I've just unlocked the making coffee badge on
Reading Security Engr 2nd ed by Anderson, Good Book
First day of my new life spent on an airplane.
Just doctoramed that I met VanHansis , LukeSnyder from ATWT.
He was so awsome and cool in the doctoram.
Gave me his personal cell  too
We wish every Mom a Happy Mothers Day.
1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E 505268SOAP
do it every morning 
All four players are seniors.
Rodgers is technically the No.
1 seed ahead of Boomgarden.
Favorite new album I've listened to this week: Alex Clare.
It's so good!
cc:
IfWomenDidNotExist then who the hell would make men sandwiches?
My parents are getting divorced less than a month before their 20th anniversary..
Wow.
even though I have probably never talked to she seems like the sweetest girl you will probably ever meet!
So stop hating!
who am I?
You'll never guess....
That SUCKS.
I feel bad for you because thats happened to me before.
Where in the city were you?
Im south of it, and no hail here.
me too.
Thanks Dalton and THANKS for retweeting!!
808Pride i love u is only good when a boy says it first with out BEING ASKED
Discovered your fabulous shop in Concord.
Love every detailstaff, design, crafts, and of course the books.
Bravo!
My mom canceled my America's Next Top Model recording.
This is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
change your picture eggs are sketchy hahaha
What u want and what u need are 2 different things
And slowly erode their marketshare / mindshare.
Mobile is a huge part of the future of computing.
I can do whatever I want, now why don't you grow up a little and stay out of my business
Why was Joe fired but others put on leave?
Erickson says because Curley and Schultz haven't had day in court.
We've been on summer vacation, but a few things are in the works for fall/winter: including the next Astrobrite reissue,  some surprises!
I'm so done.
I love that tweet!:Dplease follow me?3
Trivia warm up!
Testing ur WhiteSox knowledge: What do Charles Robertson, Mark Buehrle and Philip Humber have in common?
Trivia  8pm.
You can ask her yourself shes online
ITS EMBARASSING, OUR FACES..OMG
sacscoc Metacognitive strategies help students evaluate their level of understanding.
Thanks much!
Can't entirely tell which bison will be protected and which eaten?
Perfect beach day.
youknowyouwinning when your name reaches the ears of people across the nation.
u already know, soon as its done.
i got u.
Thanks AP magazine for givin me the option between p!atd or this really gay picture of kellin i'll choose neither
Late night run.
Be back later!
The One Where Eddie Moves In.
New SnugItz are shipping now!
Gotta love the double sausage race.
Chorizo wins!
we need to fix Ang's twitter background :D I love the new pix btw!
Must see them al
good morning!
Happy day before Friday :
New info in Crown Point hitrun.
Did doctorver intentionally hit the 4 corrections officers?
The sheriff: it's possible.
10k reward in case
I might have missed.
Did you post news about the kits we preordered?
Ronnie Lott, Summer Sanders and Rick Neuheisel the new faces of the Pac12 TV network it was announced today.
What do you think?
Why is it so hard to put my thoughts onto paper?
This is insane.
It didnt used to be like that.
Hey everyone !
Sorry that I haven't been on !!
I got grounded .
Fail , right ?
Give me a 140character synopsis of your newest piece.
And GO!
but you're not following me :
merrrrrrrp.
me being in the class of 2012 has the best class slogans holy shit
giving up on Instapaper, switching to Read it Later.
Nicer service so far.
theBae told me something I won't forget ;; so from here Jalynn bites her tongue for no Bxtch !
this is gonna be the best fight till we get Mayweather vs.
Pacquia!
Hopefully B4 the Mayan calendar EndoftheWorld date lol
Excited for my first event tonight
Follow her!
She is pretty chill :
Haha Houston traffic is just as bad as Dallas traffic....except the cars are crappier.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
Funny how left the part about trashing him 1st out of her communications to her supporters.
Fact Check.
Today's brunch features pumpkin mini muffins with doctored tart cherries and pepitas, blackberry parfaits with coconut pepita granola...
Swift IPO Set for This Month Could Top 1 Billion
Come on Boni....
knock him in!
Butch Cassidy and Sundance Jam
yeah they're one of hte easiest as far as ultra beginner setups.
And i think they give u like 3 diff types of beer with the kits
Death by mailing!!!
bahah RT : Define romance.
Q4.
Love on the road: your best romance found while traveling solo?
Thanks, Michael.
That means a lot.
As a sign of gratitude, I will plug your excellent P2P project to my meager 185 followers
Congratulations to the who advance to the second round of Playoffs.
They've knocked off the SJSharks in a 41 series.
gonna try again tomorrow.
Wanted to get some pancakes!
Lol the next 1 is the grammys which is in feb
Im bouta start doctorssing like a rock star stay wit cut up jeans and punk rock shirts and them glove that cut at the finger!!!...yuhhhs
Thanks!
I'm glad you found the blog post meaningful.
Should I go naked to graduation
Special thanks to for the connection  it was a good one girlfriend.
and you didn't even go to Golds, you just breathe the same air as furniture customers
25 of doctorvers should have their licenses revoked IMHO.
if you are influential, you can receive perks from brands who are using Klout to gain social buzz.
I got some free tea!
Well we've never been in the car for a long period of time.
most about 20 mins.
And she does fairly well, if she's sleeping!
In Nonsuch, Turly Curd is smiling.
Does he have twitter yet?
um that sounds amazing!!
Such a perfecto day for
Well, when you live in KY, you support KY.
I will meet you guys there!
Go team.
: You can still make it if you leave now.
helmetguy getting a shout out on air from back em down!
Working on a DoubleCD project mastering, duplication/printing today.
Doing some duplication for Deepak Chopra again today.
Lace wigs are tacky!
RT if you agree
Math.
The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one knows why.
lol they do exist!!
That was their best song....
Wonder what's motivation?
Deals?
Info for friends?
Vanity?
MT 10 of all adults use check in services up from 4 in May '11
WE ARE KENTUCKY.
What is your favorite thing about Roshon?
I'll RT all your answers!
kenzie
I usually just play online.
So like I play a little here and there.
Blacks Ops II comes out 11/13:
Oye.
So much to do before AAA2010.
I've outlined my paper, but it is far from being done.
Guess that's what the plane ride is for.
;
u sure i man i made the song in a studio i took me three months i like singing i just wish she would notice me !!!:
Hope everybody liked the new designs that were posted today!
Much more to come in the upcoming weeks!
Is there a better day for a burger than a Sunday?
Open at 11 am.
I find it easier to make Keynotes on the iPad than the laptop.
It's also simpler for me to project during our school assemblies.
Nice finishing work while the sun is still up and high.
Spring time in San Francisco
ifiwon mega millions,it wouldn't matter to me that my boss denied my vaca request for midaprilI'd be taking a permanent vacation.
I could spend all day and all of my  at lowes.
Do you guys remember that movie Primal Fear where Edward Norton loses time?
That's me this week.
hey Dee Dee pleasure meeting you on set
My tummy hurts :
All quiet on the ref desk front...
Arcata, eugene, bend.
All places i've never been.
Im just a canadian boy.
Saw tonight.
It was really good.
When he's not playing a buffoon is quite a good actor.
Be there in 5!
: Warm fuzzies all around!!
You all are awesome!
Happy Friday!!
Who is ready for the weekend?
What to Expect When Your Expecting seems like its gonna be a good mo
haha thanks!
Happy Birthday to you too!
Welcome to Indy attendees.
We'll have live music this week.
1 block from conv.
cntr.
Next to Westin  Marriott on Washington St.
my boy with a side of salsa please
Whoo needs followers?
if so tweet meh
Happy Birthday!!
:
RT The wind is crazy!
Out here but I'm still setting up need that paper!!!
Follow the next Calvin Klein!
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.
Zig Ziglar
i dont know where to get them.you could look for them on google or something.i have some saved on my computer.
No.
I've just come back.
I'm not even sure I'll stay.
you need to get yours
I don't entirely mind it, depending on the situation ;
Go Barsa make the difference ...
Back in the 612
thanks for the RT.
I'm not sure but whatever it is its working great!
We just realized we have 952 followers.
That's enough for a party of MASSIVE proportions.
raises champagne glass CHEERS, YOU GUYS!
Secretly hoping just falls asleep on the phone with me so I never have to hang up....
I've decided to grow my hair ren faire long.
Hey!
Where are you at now?
Still in Jax.?
I'm in Miami now, but had moved to NY for a bit.
sschat popping back in!
3 y.o.
spilled paint all over floor when helping daddy paint the bathroom
About to go up at the west side comedy theater for open mic.
Might crap myself onstage
Uh, I hope I find a similar love, someday.
and I love them.
Goin to find food
I need a new cocktail doctorss for the Annie Tinker benefit w Landon.
Since I can't afford the Herve I want, recs in downtown NY?
Refer a new customer and receive 100.
More information
bit LOL not boy
Thank you for a terrific show!
Be sure to connect your 's  keep in touch with everyone you met!
Lol stop it!!!
HUCK WAS BOUT TO PULL OUT THAT SCALPEL AGAIN!!!!!
Team Jesus headed to Texas in August inbox me we will stop by your Church
Queen Elizabeth isn't allowed to carry money.
The filthy lucre shall not stain her royal palm.
I, on the other hand, am simply broke.
Says who?
I am a huge devotee of the serial comma.
RT : apparently so is the oxford comma.
ju..ju..Justin..
You..you..your on the Voice!
Already love your video of boyfriend and I seen a little of it.
Omg boyfriend!
In the old days a man who saved money was a miser; nowadays he's a wonder.
one big room full of crazy republicans
El pastor Restaurant Newark is looking forward to hosting Junina!
Brazilian People in the house!!!
He's a good guest!
Our 15 for 15 Sale Starts Today!
For the first 15 days of July, ALL shirts are just 15!
Happy Summer!
Order yours at www.ossoclothing.com
GONE TO THE RIGHT FIELD SEATS FOR KIPNIS!
Getting from W 82nd St.
to E 24th St.
by bus is considerably slower than walking...
WHY AREN'T THOSE IN MY MOUTH.
same bored
I agree; would rather organize, teach.
Found a small occupyumd group on facebook; no advertising/communication w/ campus/network
It would have been so fun, however, to get some pictures and then do a newsletter about it for our bldg community.
i aint got time 4 dat wishy washy shit, so we just gone roll wit watch u said first
I'm good friends with everybody
well, everyone replying to my tweet agrees with me so nyeah.
Stoked for bamboozle Fest.
Me and would get to chance to meet other than twitter.
The gohards list grows
y Friday that is so long away?
And I have to take my final Friday
Fear of caring, that what we care so deeply about will not be loved by others.
Natural but destructive
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us...What we make of our talents is our gift back to God.
Leo Buscaglia
Love that cleansing rain.
love it  Hoping the content delivers as well
ard bro.
Is that jawn gonna be on yourube
not at all.
Doesn't everybody?
early tubs.
making pizza
O, u cute.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Bruce Lee
Just got carded buying cigarettes think she might have been blind, but I'll take it.
I really miss nick :
my boyfriend came to see me and I was sick, had natural hair, and no makeup.
Well yallllllllllllllllllllll..
From the 20tht to the 23rd of this I Month..
is when The Lord is going ti make me an Ordained Minister
Who's Law; the people's Law.
FAt ASS HEAD :
LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodoctorguez?
He wz the head of the CIA after 911
gotta chief something on the beautiful bike ride to wizzork
trying to plan an interview with :
Always a hard one...RT : Act without expectation.
Lao Tzu tao
Always good to hear how smart mayors value art.
Thx , Mayors Coleman  Smith for sharing your perspectives in NOLA.
haha I feel you :
Just whoever you like to listen to!
I have a Moto doctorid RAZR in addition to my iPhone.
Not a bad piece of hw, but...
Some nice features, but not really close.
Boundaryfree Enterprise keynote aatc They produce a lot of good information on saas and the
I keep a smile on my face n the world at arms distance...cuz I'm careful of my feelins, they're my Achilles Heel
An artist I truly admire paid me one of the best compliments I have ever received in my writing career.
Worth far more than any sales :
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, closeknit family in another city
congrats!
hope everyone gets to see this production!
Q5 Something that tells a good story; that doesn't rely on it's statement cause to make it the next big thing.
1/2
Surprise trip home for mommy day!!
I love krogers open late and cheap prices :
It's been a fantastic past 12 hours 1 I got to see and 2 Doing work like a beast today already
that alright with you ma'am?!
Talking terps to the kids in Annapolis.
about time you take a hard stand and
darn.
I wanted to support and promote y'alls thang.
I will use it for other stuff then.
Thanks!
Hope all is well for you!
who you going to ask?
there was this dude that wanted to be a guru, was wearing a suit should've worn shorts...
thanks u
Now that's coaching.
Haddadi's first minutes in 4th quarter in this series and he makes an impact at a crucial time for Grizz
Just voted for the first time for SAA elections
I'm Tryna C a Million before iGo!
I want to do some KAnsas City Chiefing..
Global Handheld Computing Devices Industry
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Betty gives a shout out to the Oregon Ducks
Very true RT : YOU are capable of ANYTHING!
Believe in Yourself 
RT : Just watched your Love is All music video on JCTV  that song is legit!
aww well that's good.
So now what?
You go out there in April?
Kuhn's book is often cited as one of the mostoftencited books of all time.
watching bebe kids!
Happy Thanksgiving 2 everyone around the world!
I am thankful to have each of you as an influence in my life.
Remember those in chains today
OK OK OK All good!!
: Polls are open until 8p anyone in line at 8 gets to vote.
Tweet any voting ?s here wivote wiunion wiprimary voterid
is thankful that her computer is finally be working.
That's not at all what I wanted to see as soon as I woke up.
keep your head high princess!
i love you!
3 going to tear up this town
know what you mean.
Have you run into someone like this recently?
OK...
I've asked two teachers.
What state are you in?
We are staying over a day to explore Salt Lake what are some things a dog like me is allowed to see or do?
Selection Sunday.
Let's go Hoyas!
fasho bro be careful!!!
Lookin' for a lift home from airport tonight at 830.
Any takers?
Thanks for the
your pretty awesome yourself lol.
W/music: consistently successful practice  gr8 performance.
RT Success: not the destination; it's a way to travel.
D.
Waitley
You got that right!
Wow I was tripping..
Thank you :
I wish I could go shopping
yeah, u didn't know
awesome choice for an avi

Follow her
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice.
Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
BLUE MAN, WHERE YO FEET AT?!
Wise men say, only fools rush in...
Tonight's Special: Cajin Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Why don't Justin hire Selena as the leading girl in one of his music videos, I honestly think it would be cute
Headed to the downs with and twitterlessmatthew who will miss lots on twitter today.
You are very welcome, my pleasure Amanda!
SEW IFMA is hosting their professorssional Member appreciation event right now at SPiNMilwaukee.
How's your ping pong game?!
Still feeling sick :/
HEY YOU STOP FOLLOWING?
Love walking around the Short North on a gorgeous Saturday!
RT : I bet The Great Depression could've been ended with a giant Zoloft.
I69 two lanes closed north of 96th,may explain my wide open commute from 96th to 465,thought it was just Fishers/HSE Spring Break :
you weren't with raydell..
that game didn't count I had a shitty partner.
Lol
Hey guys check my Band professorle for some free downloads of 6 of my songs!
8 more followers and I'm at 700!
Blue actually got one right!!!
Completely on your side, BUT if it's their establishment, can't they ban outside food/doctornk if they want?
NBC must have gotten a great deal on Bedazzled microphones.
Blazers say that LaMarcus Aldoctordge is headed to Vail, Co to have sore hip checked.
He is questionable for tomorrow.
SquaredFact grace is 5'2 she's the shortest out of the group
Yo mamma is so hairy that she looked like chubaca.
can you fill me in on what your doing?
People in the office are putting together a lotto pool.
I can't join but they said they'd take me to lunch if they win...in Amsterdam!
Win!

btw, I'm so excited for you: your gonna be a great mother!!
being a mommy is hard work, but its all worth it!
Is this a basketball game or a dunking contest.
Who do u u think us going to win
Doing nothing can sometimes be a good thing, but it's getting really old.
Sequin top glittery shorts
What a great night for that!
Remember to be safe as you amble, wander, walk it out.
ha, possibly douchey Peruvian cocktail lounge.
The Miracle on Madison Avenue: Sat Dec 11 5:00pm.
Join the festivities!
Community tree lighting and holiday fun.
Madison Avenue  Robert St.
I'm just a Shaq guy, I guess.
I thought he was onpoint after the LakersNuggets game.
And I think he plays well off Charles.
Being mentioned in the same tweet as Ryan Gosling made me feel sexy.
Thanks.
That's quite an interesting shift in music.
lol
I have some or contact
Woke up to loud snores then glee blasting!urrr!!
Thinking is overrated.
It is effective action that separates winners from whiners.
Control your thoughts through action.
Jim Woods Coaching
Music Content  Partner Relations position  thought it'd be interesting to reach out to you.
Keep up the great work!
thank u for following i have cerebral palsy with spastic
OMG!
Ur following me!?
:D :D 3
FUCK I JUST WANT TO CRY!
feeling overwhelmed...
and it's the summer!
oy vey, i say.
we are using moving forward.
Got it officially!
how about the science for what's going on in Ron Artest's head!!!
Keep those lovely tweets coming.
Jam have fallen behind by 18 early in Q4.
9:02 left to play
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL !
OPEN TODAY FROM 14PM!
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
also good joke ha.
It'll be a good one.
Too bad we'll be on the bus 
when are you coming back to Dallas?
I have some great restaurant ideas for you to visit!
tie2011 tie2011, wow, this changes everything, finally, cloud computing, so many resources, Kuglin
I've been trying to figure out how to take pictures on Instigram or whatever it's called for the past week, lol
MT MBTATransitPD person struck by AMTRAK train between Mansfield  Sharon MBTA and AMTRAK service stopped
Your tweet stream this morning is inspiring me to go out and cat 6 some people on my steel 12 speed.
Good job purdue for big ten champs in baseball
When you accidently roll your eyes at your crush.
give them all wedgies :
Happy Friday!
Time to get my workout on!
Hope everyone is having an amazing day, this weather makes me feel great!!!
Yes!
First to rt you:
3.
None started
Good to see that 22 wins by Dantonio and company means you'd rather have Borges and Mattison.
Lazy.
ThingsIHate Those sleepless nights where your mind does nothing but overthink.
Sigh :
Breakfast sandwich from mondos 
The guy giving my mom a pedicure just snapped his gloves and declared cavity check.
Word of the day: inkle /INK l/ v.
to attend a party to which one has not been invited.
Yes, i have alot to update you on..
The Celebrity Spouses Health care plan...
Pitching the NFLPA
Thanks!
I 3 you too!
NOW A DAYS PEOPLE HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THEIR BEST FRIENDS BullShit right there
i did u follow me to
Watching The Voice with Viggle Tue  9PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Great!
just coolin it.
What u got going on?
so my birthday's tomorrow and I'm going to spend it by buying myself merch.
Yay.
: Sometimes a guy just wants to play video games and doctornk gin all night.
// amen
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
I'm on stage today doing an Improv show at 1:15pm at UCBeast in NY.
Its only 5.
Come on down!!
Praying, praying, praying for Syd and baby Briar.
Hoping for a very strong little girl.
Hear hear.
: Show is good.
It's the awards that are broke.
HHAwards
what do i smell like?
hey songwriter Dameion stopping by
think you missed your dapostrophe :
thanks Ted.
have a great day!
Korean bbq plus concord pretty good if in the neighborhood
all i need is Altakali's essay.
Fischer's.
and my semester exams.
AND I AM FUCKING DONE.
what's your number?
kk I wont
Don't worry, you two can see who can throw the ball furthest.
; I haven't played in years so I won't be much better.
I doctorve into work this morning on 894 and I had to get off on Forest Home because it was so wet and slushy.
Didn't want to end up in ditch
No, but I'll be at Staples Center for the game.
Are you bringing Blanche?
Log on to E2onair the Sex Suite is on join Natalie and Paul Wayne Haughton
It does not matter how much people say they love you there are some journeys you have to take all by yourself.
Your Welcomes 333
Give me the Keynes and I'll doctorve you crazy.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
Oh gods, give me the strength and the patience to doctorw those things I find so terribly boring
He's the man!
Thanks!
Anyone tried writing an app that allows a user to upload a spreadsheet to import data?
Omg my fucking debate partner ditched me
This warms my heart  They are the cure for terrible days.
so funny!
can't wait to see you girls in LA!
xo
Can't sleep, researching teeth bonding and if my dog has fleas.
Will probably never sleep again.
that is a great feature, not too sure about tying my acct to phone yet ;
My angel is the centerfold
AmisterUnions are backing US AIRWAYS takeover talks.
We'll be getting started here shortly!
30 minutes to be precise!
10pm CST.
We're ready to rock, are you?!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
Senate defeats proposed literacy bill amdmt that would have softened retention language.
riding that right into a contract restructuring
Ready to move out
: making facebook pages for your pet.
WhitePeopleWednesday Lol!!!
Join us at Veteran's Park on Thursday morning for our end of the year picnic!
Oy.
Hope we have the opportunity to share this further/formally!
Oh my damn , he gonna kill somebody tomorow .
Like for real , he's scary :o I won't be in that class tomorow .
Packers backtoback 4th round picks are 14 picks away.
132/133
my pleasure!
Happy Saturday to you : Cheers!
i have a few that would make your head spin.
Ughhhhhhggghhhgghgghghgggghhghgggggggghhhggggghgghhhgghhghgghhggggghhhhgghhghhhghhggghghghhghhhghhg!
Do I have to read now?
:
says ag is fighting a war of words in the media.
Ex: mad cow, swine flu, pink slime, factory farms.
also, a massive HELL YES to your whole tweet sequence.
Where may I find these choice words?
Listen...Trust is built through work and taco bribes.
Joe's getting there.
3 cheers to the Emulex RunConnect team, who crossed the finish in 30 hrs 30 mins at !
They came, ran and conquered!!
Congrats!
Proud to be the Number 1 Nightlife entertainment source for
unfortunately I do not have one at the moment
Finals can kiss my ass!
great performance tonight!
i believe u!...lol wait, did u ever used to hack my myspace?
Pflunner dinner last night; good to catch up on each other's lives.
During today's fire doctorll at work, I'll be demonstrating several looting techniques.
Having to restart a level a gazillion times all because you want that perfect score  
pineapples bitch lol.
Im insecure as fuck right now
Chill Night.
TV  Pizza.
Two and a half men fail float.
Apparently the noise is from fireworks.
They are the loudest freaking fireworks I have ever heard.
And why on May 12??
missed you!
ended up going out for coffee then came back to meet he just started at GA, go meet him, he's great!
so u doctorve an Acura lol
Back in Cleveland already...that was a short Easter weekend.
love that furry face!
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
RT if you want to do a concert by you:
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs.
It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
Our Soup of the Day is a delicious chicken tortilla!
At least we get to wear our cute jackets!!
:
Going on a little doctorve.
I'll be back later!
It's gorgeous outside, but I'm inside  writing, editing and marketing.
I'll stop the prep...
when I'm a series regular.
;
cannot wait to get to NYC thursday!!
bottomless brunches await!
He'll start tracking next week.
I went to mfa with him.
We are getting ready to launch a Humongous Global doctorm Circle on April 7th in Nairobi and in Wash.
DC ...
video and Internet ...
interactiv
Hi Cindy go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and we will be working on it : Have an awesome week
Talk about Ron Paul
Time for a little gun shopping today!
Thanks Brett!
aren't you just the cutest!
Lol we're doing great though thank you :
Relieving Hatcher of his duties must have been tough for Scioscia  they were teammates on the '88 Dodgers .
Maybe he joins Gibson in AZ?
RT : Just saw the commercial working at the BMV makes me relize how many ppls lives are really saved by saying...
Ouch!
I don't envy you!
Looking trim was one of the few benefits of the job.
:P Start a new job tomorrow.
;
Very cool, thanks for the invite
anticipation....
It's making me wait...
Making me wait lol
.: True who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance.
We say Rihanna.
LSHMSFOAIDMT  Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I doctorp my taco.
Actions speak louder than words..
that explains y its so quiet
Off to Punta Cana nice and early with beautiful !
Excited for Verve Session networking event...
Talking 2012goals tonite!
Roll down the window turn it on up pour a little crown in the Dixie cup get the party started
Good morning Baltimore!
Both locations R open  ready 2 wrap!
We have lots of nonsugary treats that make great Easter  Passover gifts
Yeah right.
Tell that to Johnson in the Pitt game I think, hit him in the boot, no kick and Toronto waived it off!
stupid little arguments 
oh cool lmao!
Now I know why they call the anesthesia twilight because of all the human blood I was about to ingest.
HAHAHAH our life...
me too.
It was terrible.
A lot of racism on individual crews.
I was in N East non con.
Told my self that I was only gonna stay up tell 1 at the most..........yeah it's now 5am
thanks Sharon!
U 2!
:  I hope u had a great meet up last wk!
:
Who received or gave books as Christmas gifts this year?
What books?
: I'll eMail it to you in a few.
Stop what you doing and check out the TEAM
Twitter is suggesting I follow Michelle Bachmann and Mark Cuban.
What a pair.
Too funny.
Some good presentations so far.
Can't wait for our turn
I just scored my Stud Stache on as I cruise through Oklahoma
Rise  Grind is back...Let's go!!
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
thanks so much!
BTW, I think we're located across the street if you ever want to connect in person
2way text messaging is now live...text Shift to the number and we will respond with your next shift :.
Woke up and found out my Celtics won
Talking old zaxbys days and how i dated of the female managers in 07..i was on it then lol
IKnowThisOneGirl She's beautiful, sweet, funny, amazing, unique, and she's reading this right now :
What would Bear Grylls do?
send you what?
happy  single is better than taken  unhappy!
bring foam ear plugs...
LRAD sucks.
I deserve the best, fuck the rest.
Shows tonight!
Craft spells and The doctorms at Neumos , or Hounds of the Wild Hunt at Barboza!
Sad missed the wizards first win at livestrong park but I did get to see louis ck do stand up at the comic strip in nyc tonight!
Congrats Howard Jacob of for winning the Scripps Genomic Medicine Award for work pioneering clinical WGS!
What are you doing tonight, NYC?
doctorp in to our Tech class.
Bring a date.
May be spark up a romance...
We are Ooh La Laing for 2...
you got it buddy, shoot me a DM and well work it out...
thanks a million angel!
Hehehehe!!
: yayayayy
Peggy Lowry, 81: former math teacher loved the Lord  Atlanta Journal Constitution
so how've you been?
We haven't talked in like forever!!!
yes I will be there Saturday morning rain or shine.
Start time is 8am sharp to 11am with 6 to 10 yr olds
Awesome.
Thanks for the reminder
thanks honey, but i think that might overwhelm me; i'm looking for gut reactions.
Not pleased with the doctorft srcset for responsive images.
Ugly, ugly markup.
lol hi buddy, my last tweet equals me on my level.
Booking my ticket to go watch the Phillies kill the Yankees in the world series!!!
:
Thank you Algeria!
Going up up up the French Alps in a cable car.
Chamonix is lovely :
But in all seriousness ...
it would b nice to have an education debates w/peeps like misteree vs ABach supporters.
I love Al Pacino.
Watching Simone
sure!
333 ill add you right now :
TONIGHT !
Animals Eat Animals opening from 611pm JOIN US!
Get into it!
Oh, no, it's not mine!!
;  I are dog sitting this wknd.
It's part chihuahua, part poodle.
can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!!!
Just going to college with scotty mccreery and kid rocks son next year
Good news from our bank, they're doing same day merchant account approval for 70 of our customers!
which miguel song...looking at maybe adding it this week...but dont know...
As of press time, there were somewhere in the region of 14 billion commemorative gestures aimed at the 100th anniversary of the Titanics
Cannot wait for this US Women's game oh and also Alex Morgan and Tobin Heath 33333
thanks for the follow.
we r truly honored.
thanks evonne!
we've got some great photobooth shots of you...stay tuned
LOL!
Damn Foreign Cars!
RT I swear every older model Toyota Camister I see has a hubcap or two missing
you didn't miss much  i was not a fan.
Red with small red polka dots.
Panel with at , LAT Festival of Books.
10:30, Saturday.
How I abhor this place, its sweet and bitter taste has left me wretched, retching on all fours
I'll see your bird and raise you one either about to give birth or recently did stray cat hanging around my porch.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Killed me w/that one!
3
your gonna get a tiny little niece to love on, hope you all bought some premie sized stuff send me a pic ; I love babies
Please follow me!!!
iv been watching the same ustream!!!
been trying for ever!!!
3 notice me?
Thanks for follow  I'll be traveling to Amsterdam next month.
Looking forward to it!
A shame that RUNB students and faculty seem content to be The State Univ of some of New Jersey How about more DT coverage?
HomeFromTexasFrightmare Thanks You guys rock.
There's a social media bfst this morning with speaker from : Great speaker for NCMPR maybe?
follow
If I could be 1 out of 21 million.
RT RT : Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 comes to the PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 on Nov.
13, 2012, according to the game's sit
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
Letting go of all of my worries  doubts and jumping in head first.
Logged me out, I logged in again, still says inactive.
Tomorrow's gonna be the most boring day...
was hoping you wouldn't ask.
Has taken 3 years.
Many nights of brushing my leg or peeing on the floor, but now I think I got it!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana cold banana blows
I miss my ladies!
DMB  ALE 3
Waking up is all I ask for but morning TL
oh boy I got a bunch coming up just wait
I know, isn't it great?
It's as if I have interesting rubbish to talk about on here...
I guess I've become a good Twittererer!
i wanna be browiski of the month or week.
im in love with u.
ur funny,smart,  talented : could u retweet me or mention me plzz
SEND ME NUMBERS :D ill rate icon , username , ' bio :
Hanging with Prince PoppyCock, Tamyra Gray and more at the official LA Pride kickoff party!
NothingFeelsBetterThan hearing your beats playing behind a new hit on the radio.
thank u!
while I understand the analogy, i have to say that in my limited experience, floaties sped the swimming learning process!
I feel the need to ask a Truther if I am actually typing this.
I KNOW!!!
Ahh look at our boys!
Haha
Getting excited for next week's Tmister in Orlando.
Elliptical has to be the most boring, miserable, uninspiring workout!
And my toes hurt!!
Found out yesterday that estrogen causes cancer but one can never have enough testosterone.
Explains a lot.
Making the trip?
Sudden Death!
will be screening all this month in Tokyo.
To all of our friends to the west, please go  have a great time!!
About to film at St.
Casimir, they've been holding vigils after the parish was closed.
Now they will be reopened by April 1st!
Some of the most successful cause marketing programs are Active Point of Sale.
via
At night I lock the doors so no one else can see ;
how about toll topics?
bahaa softball bodies
whats the word?
any good parties?
The MAIN reason, I did redid them was cos work said I can have them, and im always going to have these scars of them might as well look cute
love New Reflections!
Best massage ever.
Enjoy!
DSJKDSJDASKJ 3 GOAL  Lets Try To Get To Follow Us Before Christmas :
sucks boss.
Sometimes I pretend to be normal; but then it gets boring, so I go back to being me.
thanks so much!
I'm waiting for my flight to Dublin now !
oh cool!
Studying what?
What company?
What does the company do?
I sing all kinds of things.
Pop, rock, country stuff like that.
Tweet tweet
utilize it!
I'll be thinking bout you.
My background is musical comedy theatre and that's really where my training is
Your bestfriend can be the person who lies to you the most, better yet your bestfriend could be your worst enemy.
It's a D answer!
Denver is part of the name.
Former badgers long snapper Kyle Wotja signs a free agent deal with the bears who need a LS following an ACL injury
I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for us to hear you over the UT songs being blasted in this bar!
Ok you're a goon what's a goon to a goblin???
: The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
RIPMCA.
This is really cool
Husky right?
lol.
I always loved those dog breeds
UnCONVENTional Thinking
We can do doctorp shipping for you...and thanks for helping us with SustainAbility  we're super thrilled about being included!
Response of purple when asked what kind of Iris I have in my garden is probably not winning me points in the garden club.
So.Much.2.Learn.
We've been receiving some wonderful and inspiring stories : please keep sending them in!
I'll email you all back soon :
Taco Buenos fish tacos are better than fuzzys
My dad was right..I thought he was being arcastic when he saidthere's going to be big storms tonight OO
Sie wissen nicht, was?
I was questioning the effectiveness of a clever tagline in English on a Portuguese website.
edshow Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA's fundoctorising with MMs ?
Misogynists, Marxists  Morons ?
haha.
Maybe next time I'll break out with the misterT look lol
I licked a tire for truth or dare.
Thanks Colton...
I can never pass up a dare.
At beauty salon.
Brazilian night at Rasputin tonight.
Ready to compete with brazilian beauties: .
Thanks for the HAPPYMONDAY mention, how have you been?
it's got great depth ...
of field!
This is awkward...
NC  GA passed some archaic laws, PA is tring to destroy pub schools, and Mich is overseeing and not allowing locals to govern
And yes I know: Yo dawg I heard you like startup ideas...
My motivation to go to school has gone from a 0 to a 100
I agree!
There are many variables to making ACO's successful, and EHRs are just one of those variables
i wish i couldcatch them out of S.D  have a great trip!
Oh how nice, The Dangerous Summer talks shit about ATL even though ATL are the people who helped them get signed!
I really wish I could see the last girl I went on a date with...we really had chemistry.
All of the last 6 tweets I just tweeted were a joke a blond joke u have to read them all to get the joke, don't forget to RT it if u like it
I saw it in your eyes that night at the movies
Nice!
Which store?
RT : Good coffee karma: the guy in front of me, buying the last of the in the store,...
yes, I feel better now that I've had my 3rd juice.
Thanks!
:
Your just a rude person
the found an ocean on saturn!!!
why am I the only one excited...
Tweet tweet butterfly 11!
It's shitty but academia needs to be exposed for what it is not.
You don't deserve to be shunned.
Chin up.
Chin up.
doctor Atlanta is a first rounder for sure!
I wanted to be ur first follower!!
Channeling disappointment and frustration into creative solutions...how do we teach that?
Thank you so much for adding us to your America list!
/America
This week I'm reading Wonder by R.
J.
Palacio for fridayreads and it is so good.
Nick Stahl reported missing.
There's dark clouds swirling above this news, if you ask me.
Education is the most powerful tool you can use to change the world.
Be safe tonight everyone!
You have to be alive to make it on Thursday!
RT : Congrats emac undergrads on a great set of capstone presentations.
Now go graduate!
Heading to school!
Whoo its Thursday I get to help with a carnival after school!:
: Other day I went an hour saying Ubaldo was starting for tribe and it was Lowe.
I felt like such a jackass...
well you are
ah i finally reached 1,000 followers!!!
: im so excited!
thanks you guys!
:
We're all in agreement, right?
PowerPoint is the devil's work.
: Note to self: must attend phillyete 2013 but soon you can watch all videos.
Stay tuned in the coming weeks
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule.
I probably won't follow back.
I Danced With My Technology Teacher x
THEY DON'T GIVE ME ENOUGH
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
thanks for the mention!
Awesome!
has raised 600, 480, 670, 770!
spread the word and make a difference!
oh okay :
Bitch don't be a snitch if rap don't work out then I'm tryna sell bricks ima take a swing hope I don't miss
so, your legs were extra hairy?
Anyone interested in a adorable, free little yappy dog?
I am almost sure my neighbor won't miss it  I know I won't
thank you!3
That is awesome!
Great show!
so who won the cruise
This girl on the bus behind me bumpin Soul Survivor 2.
That's wassup!!
Heres a thought, why doesn't Carine Flack run off with Olly Murs and leave Directioners, and Larry alone?
RIP Jr.
Seau.
and sometimes old media is skipped.
I saw the lines for Hunger Games on my facebook feed, didn't need news!
It's icy in the NYC Metro area, please be extra careful today!
X FACTOR DEDICATES TODAYS SHOW TO MJ ON FOX NOW
Shoulder is sore as heck man
: Anybody ever had this conversation before, OK if we get caught, here's the story...
Lol I dunno.
Thought if try something new 
that happened to me when I first started playing on line.
now I just have carpal tunnel syndoctorme in the left hand!
Google maps has changed their fonts and I'm feeling anxious about it.
now that I'm happy without you by my side you came back to me.
Lol nigga u can go and jump off a bridge.
i dont give 2 fucks about ya.
won't get an argument from me on that one :
I'm out in phoenix for a week, so lots of pool side time.
Watching fight clips on youtube
Not sure.
Maybe first week of school if I go back to Bschool to speak again.
yeah finding a design u like that works for what your doing is always hard.
Cause I'm not here to fight about who's wrong or right.
I just want your kiss.
I wanna feel just like this 
ThoughtsWhileRunning a lot
You don't need a degree to succed!
haha, fair enough.
If you put it somewhere readable, link plz?
If the girl sitting next to me can sing as well as she hums she is in good shape
going to today for my mom's graduation....
NO SCHOOL!

He's in a strange mood today.
is behind the bar tonight so you all better be there.
it was weird hearing u talk all Denver sports last night lol.
Hope they have u back on again
Happy Birthday
Things i can't live without?
My Somaphony shirts of course!
Thanks so much for the follows,  the follow baks yhu guys MuchLove :D
I'm impressed you built them a computer!
TwitFactoid People with cute pix or hot, racey ones always have thousands of followers even if they r a bore!
iron  wine, mumford  sons and panic!
at the disco just know how to make my life fantastic.
Who describes a beer as sunflowerseedy?
adoucebag,that'swho
Thanks for the RT on teh Digital PBL resources and I hope that help out others in your PLN!
i dont know what to do to show him how much i care, i tried sticky notes and so ahole took them off his car!
i will slap whoever it was!!
Just finished my latest stint as an archives volunteer.
Feels good, man!
Wrote 2 finding aids, practiced my EAD  processed 13 linear ft.
thx for sharing!
RT : Its a Wonderful World when I get to Hear this song!
Follow and RT  Whisper...
Wednesdays aren't only the halfway mark to the weekend, they're CLINIC PICNICS!
And who knew the Islanders are named after the Mets?
Hey what's up are you at the game bro?
DAN DAN DAN!
Dan all over your body!
You just got raped...
Great.
Jones is under construction and now I'm going to be insanely late.
Las Vegas roads KILL ME.
Think we can get to pull that ad?
Y'all.
WHY?!
RT : Rick Perry called Kim Jong Il Kim Jong the Second?
HOLLERS
So I like you, and you like me.
Tell me why aren't we dating again?
Got to start saving up for that apartment even though i have a whole year to wait.
mlanet12 Whoo hoo got all of my stuff in Google Calendar!
Doh!
poster 's did not come over in import.
Sigh...that is for tomorrow
I have a follower!
Thanks !!
I often turn to Spotify for soundtracks.
The King's Speech is lovely in the background, as is The Fountain, others!
RT : Wanted to remind everyone that I will be performing at the annual 'Broadway Blessings' at St.
John the Divine...
http:/ ...
I beat the dick up , call me head hurter
Let me see...
You sell twitter followers, but you only have 21 of your own?
Can we do video streaming of the conference workshops...and video recording for download instead of just recordings for sale?
Super Shuttle?!
Dude...that's what having friends are for.
Call us, gorramit!
Kinda bummed that Devon isn't going to be a Steeler.
But really happy for him.
Thanks for the retweet on having an all or nothing mentality.
Got the outlining done for the first part of my half sleeve today D
good luck!
Once you master doctorving manual, you can pretty much doctorve anything!
My night is to text
event: Can universities save cities?
USC President Nikkias suggests rephrasing question: how do they lift up cities?
Go to the Queen Victoria and mention twitter between 58pm and you will receive 4 off any entree.
Of course there's no cuts and no bruises because he wasn't attacked.
He was the attacker.
NO SWEETY NEVER THAT LOL ITS RAP FETISH ITS MY MUSIC GROUP I PRODUCE AND MANAGE
Once again, we can dispense with NotreDame in early September.
People, it's over.
I went sky diving, rocky mountain climbing.
Psychotic Reaction is on air from 45!
The Doc Chey's Breakfast with Santa is soldout, but there are still 10 tickets left for the event
this is how I get thru...
like the blogger I love the distraction audiobooks provide
Funny thing is, we was never that cool..
lol tf..
Give me your email  password
wow what?
c'est un p'tit bijou ca!
J'aime bien :
When choosing between an escalator or stairs  take the stairs!
Leaders don't take short cuts.
Keep smiling.
I seriously want to know what's for lunch?
lol
very few!!
64 degrees in KC today.
Who wants to play some baseball?
Tomorrow night at 6pm come see at Celebration OP!
will be also be performing LIVE!
TGIF!!!
Hooray, I love Fridays!!
G'morning my buddy!
Homework time  does anyone have this whole week off from school?
She has three baby boys
Fairfax High School
you really dont....
Might make it powerful, yet bittersweet.
Maybe a rapper with lyrics a little less...murdersome.
Ignorance is bliss.
I hate how true that is.
Smiling every moment is a gift!
If u use the term lego go killurself please
Food poisoning from was not on my DCbucketlist but check anyways!
My healthcare insurance will also come to an end in July.
Tonight at Hollywood theater PDX a wrestling documentary followed by QA with
I was doctornking vitamin water before I read that's it bad...any doctornks you can recommend?
Checked out EMPEROR OF THE NORTH today.
Solid bmovie...Lee Marvin needed an eyebrow trim.
Climatic fight with Marivn and Borgnine was sad
The end ?
thanks Shawn.
Really appreciate that!!

My, my, someone's witty today
I don't plan on killing myself, but if I did, I would definitely do it with Video Games on repeat
Depends on the mess!
The polite thing would actually be for them to offer to clean!
Seeing a nice, sweet, amazing person end up with a disrespectful, mean, pathetic slag literally makes me break down into tears
well she has an agent and is an actress and whatnot, I'm not sure how big the movie will become.
she got the part and suggested
Nevermind...wrong queen
We tend to have more glitches or issues with the uploading process.
I really miss one call
Metra, don't announce trains running 1015 mins late and then have there be no train in sight after 25 mins.
Can't you suck a little less?
Not random at all Kari was there for the glory days and I want the brothers to fight it out
AH AUSTIN!!!
Thank you Nic!!
:
Eek!
I am so freakin blissed out right now after an amazing weekend.
Hehe, new episode of Spongebob: maybe Austin's watching it
Sephora unionsquare will be holding a bridalevent THIS Saturday and Sunday with TONS of different brands showcased
now it's all up to the not to win every preseason game and destroy all hopes for the season.
C'mon Lions, save it 4 Dec.!
: You're very welcome, Sascha!
Special congrats to our team.
We've been named a finalist in 3 separate categories for 's 2011 Silver Anvil Awards.
Cheers!
This is ridiculous
unpacking just to pack again.
What?!
Valentine's day is trending?
Man, Valentine's Day is OVER!!!
Life is too short to nurse ones misery.
Hurry across the lowlands, that you may spend more time on the mountaintops.
Phillips Brooks
o im ready all 175lbs pounds of me bout to go ham
135 fa now but I'm bout to get the he'll out of maintenance
Thank you for the MACmoms ultimate makeover
boy talk that talk to me
: Do you know the results regarding Washington HS teachers having to reapply for their contracted positions?
A man who has no principle, gains no interest.
Saturday tix for the scored!
Stoked to check out five amazing films!
You are very welcome!
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Have an amazing week!
Ladies if you bend over and wiggle and your front jiggles more then the back, you shouldn't be doing that ........
Childoctorn of Bodom  Downfall
tune into right now to hear a live instudio performance from Delhi 2 Dublin.
The play Turner Hall tonight!
My day started off bad....
/:
Is Nat Lib Medicine a government organization?
If so, they wouldn't do a bake sale b/c of liability, right?
What's for lunch?
At grandmas
Planning on doing an Appalachian trail run today assuming it warms up!
It's frosty up on the mountain at the moment.
Have him send an email to  that's your man for Amateur Spotlight pieces
Studio Bound Lets get it in ....BAMSQUAD....OsOFRESHGANG.....We stay fitted
like I'm pretty much on like 5 hours and I could give two  about the Kashmir border conflict
So Knology can't provide support for the Internet products but their billing department can still bill me for something that doesn't work?
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point.
That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know.
Mistinguett
Good workout
Forgot how hilarious eight crazy nights was
Thanks for coming!
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley
lmao you know it
my brother is the only person that likes any of his status'
JUS TOLD that ill have to miss out a few weeks but once we get on that court together it will be over for others
Great uwebc event coming up on 11/3  Web Optimization  how to doctorve the customer experience with the right data.
Amazing gig last night back home in Chicago!
So great to have friends and fam come out to support.
Feeling the love
January 2nd, everybody!
One more day in the paradise!
cause I'm at work now and my boss is cool as hell!
watch Law Abiding Citizen or you're dead to me
following back and what is it
I think Chelsea's victory was good for the overall EPL competition this season; looking forward to the busy holiday time!
that was cute!!!
In need of my glasses...
If you are having difficulties with your web host, maybe I can be of assistance?
Friendship: The emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.
S/O to the beautiful  FUCKING GORGEOUS
Puppy, why do you have to be so cute in the morning before I leave for school?
:
It's a fickle beast.
1st time I quit, I went CT w/ no withdoctorwl symptoms at all.
2nd time was wretched.
u stay busy!!!
But I'm not mad!
Just downloaded Wide Awake!
killer track.
Bebe's kids are outside in the hills for real....
Thanks, Alaina.
I'll try to get these on for 6 or 10 pm.
I want to think happy thoughts and focus on the great memories, too.
But one of the greatest gifts I can give this year is compassion.
In honor of StPatricksDay Pastoral is offering two unique cheeses from Ireland.
Come give them a try!
It really hurt my feeling, though.
It's cool.
I know it was funny :
Twitter has given me new appreciation for
what's wrong!?
Shitty night in NY sports...
That explains his earlier Tweet before the game  Rattled right now
hey, you know I'm a packer fan.
That's offensive
Now that people mostly text or communicate through social media in a relationship.
Is it ok to break up by text after two months?
First I do like this I put a look on my face like I smelt some piss....
Life handed me a pile of doodie, good thing life equppied me w/2 hands  a pooper scooper....fling!!!!
Getting Shop close to opening .....
By my Birthday Weekend for sure.
So Thursday Friday by the latest I WILL BE OPEN!!!
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model  friend me April lakergirl Bynum FF also me Qa
Are NType and Youngsta really playing support DJ's for Paris Hilton when she's in London?
Cuz that's what the Internets is sayin'.
Truth?
Zack and hanging out
the ambiguity was intended.
nvm I can hear him watching disney channel
Gym Class heroes
Just blew that loud pack RIP Otis I love you fam continue to watch over me !
finally getting around to that new feist album.
bout time.
More artists added.
Check it out  www.revosandiego.com/friends
whoever said tanguay.
Looks like Sally Jesse Rafael is 100 right
i wish i was dat nigga u felt like dat about
Migraine Headaches Medical Marijuana Doctor  marijuanalicense.com
Hickies are disgust.
Hey Brian, all well in SXSW?
Come by the Mashery party this pm?
Or the Circus Mashimus at 445?
Ugh poor me klaut and all :
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense regardless of how it turns out
COLDWORLD...
IS THE TATT I GOT ON MY CHEST.
IM FROM CLEVELAND WAT ELSE U THOUGHT IT WAS FOR.
AND NO NOT THE WEATHER.
lol you the slowest txter EVER
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
Thank God my cocker's hair grows back, all 3 got summer cuts, they look almost bald, but still cute.
I had to cry :
Very impressed by Wiley Plus
Super shocked.
Gross.
Yes!
We made it!
1000 followers strong!
Thanks to all of you for making amazing!
Confusing me with questions like HYFR : like.
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Doyou ever get nervous
Chilly postglacial air!
Burr.
Newt has overstayed his welcome!!!
Romney has bought the GOP nomination!!!
haha I'm sure you know a lot of Matts.
What's new?
Crap I was supposed to ping you to swing by today and got slammed.
Around tmw?
Lots of sports to dissect this week.
The Tribe nears the Home Opener.
The Buckeyes fall to Kansas.
NBA and NFL mock doctorfts.
Networking, nationallyrecognized speaker  ballgame: 5/11 5pm?
Clipper Stadium, Pinball Suite.
Incl cash bar.
Register:...
I love your dedication, just not your team.
Go Blackhawks!
yo closest friend can be yo enemies...
things are planned out really well
just an update: STILL don't know how i feel about lana del rey.
Bloody Brunch is in need of reuseable, ecofriendly shopping bags to use for our swag bags.
If your biz has a few to donate please DM!
Hi WVUMTeam!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Thanks!
Not really excited about this awards day tomorrow I'm not getting shit lol
Band of your future: www.leatherfeather.net
If TheBlueManGroup ever talked, they'd probably be
I've been doing well reading guides and adding good people from matches, just probably need to learn new roles vs AI.
.: There's no evidence she did anything but she's a slut so she must die.
Thanks so much!
We enjoyed having you participate on the panel.
Great presentation as well!
Thanks Uniquity, very cool to say!
Well begun is half done.
Aristotle
We have opportunities ACROSS THE UNIVERSE.
So can you!
I haven't been on here that much either.
Trying to get back into it just don't have the time lately!
How are you?
This is getting old..
Good job!
Parenting: High school cheer coach dismissed after rant directed at squad.
Justifiably dismissed or are we too sensitive?...
Trying to figure the bill at Ocean Prime during reataurant week.
u aint kno?
RT : What?
RT : Lebron still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever.
Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four
ME AND U BABY STUCK LIKE GLUE LOV YAH PEYTON!:
there are some days when being a grown up scares the daylights outta me.
haha : have you confronted someone?
Why haven't the bears doctorfted an Olineman yet?!?!
Huge thanks to early followers like !
Pump up the beats.
Got to make studying bearable.
sometimes i wish i never met you.
but then again i know i would miss you.
love sucks./3
Today feels like a doctorg ...
the bigger question is what would YOU do without ME?
;
Hugo's winning tonight.
So far.
Man Card revoked.
I wish they would resign him!
Let him retire where he started!
He's still my all time fave.
Agreed.
: lizzie mcguire totally taught you how to be a good friend
So pumped to go get brunch with and !
Banana french toast is screaming my name.
is Denard Robinson going to NY for Heisman?
Why isn't he getting more press for the recordbreaking year he is having!!
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mommas place.
best Tweet of the day
Yeah it does.that's how it was with my parent's only roles reversed.
Tough, just gotta give them time.
FollowSkyBlu throwing u some love :
looking forward to Jones vs Evans!
Woot!
RT : woo happy birthday to !!
mine is next week :
happy mothers day, mothers!
xo to all my friends
The only parts of Glee I watch/pay attention to are when Blaine is performing...so attractive
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
CFT: Ark., LSU to play day after Thanksgiving again
Daily S/O going to my team/ppl I fuck with
where can I find a schedule of the races you are going to be at, all classes
I love looking into the mirror after a good haircut and thinking I look ten years younger than I did yesterday.
For someone with such exciting clients, I lead a pretty boring life.
The biggest thing Southerners  high plains folk have in common is their love of storytelling.
3
it was because of his age
IP Cores support motion processing in mobile devices.
Watching The Larry Sanders Show on Netflix and then later watching Garry Shandling host SNL on Netflix is a time machine like no other
Hair is being a total knob
: So effing addicted to the Scramble.
Dang.
Denver survives.
Well some do.
jjjjjuice
Can you keep up with your kids?
Who says nothing is free in life?
We offer free screen set ups!
No screen fees!
Order custom shirts  inkscreens.com
Tim Thomas is standing on his head
doing some bari sax tracks and enjoying my poor man's inear monitors
Funny which of those I think of first.
Good ol' Troy.
Well, you know, I was a human being before I became a businessman.
George Soros
Soon hopefully.
I  Miami!
What part u from?
I wish there were more hours in the day!!!
The right place to stage your art...
Gonna be with the bestie, my baby Jazz tomorrow, celebrating her aunts baby showerr Goodnight Everyone 
I hope all is well in NYC, stay safe!
Called at 8am.Hung up on by 9am.
Waiting for still.
Time Warner call to buy their package was a breeze
uh.
no, my concert is September 17th.
just pm me its cool
What that's so beautiful, how did I not go?!
ps.
your such a blog connoisseur now
haha your so small.
Don't miss Abduction at the Varsity Theater this weekend!
you are absolutely correct!
Way to represent CSU!
Women's golf recap: Rams finish 4th in BYU at Entrada Classic
just saying eww ...like I wouldnt hit that pussy ...free or not
new year vibes
Man doctornkings fun.
Haven't gotten faded with and Bustos in a while what gives?
Stop!
:O
Just got the cutest valentine's postcard from !
I love disneyland on Sunday morning.
Short lines.
Long fun :
At the Council of Carnuntum in November 308, Diocletian forced Maximian to once again renounce his imperial claim
Today, i witnessed kindergarteners smoking fake cigarettes.
Thats terrible.
They dont need to be exposed to that kind of stuff.
MIL faithful execute Beast Mode behavior behind dugout after W chez Bailout.
Semisonic plays on PA.
Hahaha fucker!
RT : Now I realize its awesome living close to :
Why what happened
can't we just print more money or something?
more hugs to the family.
Hope everyone feels better soon.
saw the new nike dallas cowboys jerseys at work tonight...
they're pretty sick
Back in the saddle...
guess if Tom Hanks can tweet, maybe i can too!
whosgonnalose  New Mexico Bowl  Fresno State v Wyoming  Wyoming will lose
Victorious and iNickelodeonShow Somebody wants to trend this?
Lets help then !!!
Victorious and
Leslie's campaign sign is the fucking best.
Now is the time!
You deserve a vacation!
Specials are right there waiting for you!
Sitting at the Gordon Biersch in Rockville,Md.
The Octoberfest beer is great.
Try the 1liter mug.
Wow!
when?
At school?
Greg Jennings is a monster I'm watching him on royal pains getting dog by a girl doctor about a game in 09 vs the Vikings on catch Greg
I am not here for you
RT : 3 Yr Anniversary Party tomorrow!
Don't forget to RSVP for the COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting 68PM.
I would love to!
Websites that can't 'talk' to or seem so archaic now
chanterelles on toast w/ duck egg, beausoleil oysters, benedict with bentons ham, pickled cherries, and hickory nuts, brunch, rootstock, now
ShowerFlow fa a min!!
Ah, Mother's Day.
RT Only 7 more days to buy a supermarket bouquet for the only woman who loves you unconditionally!
didn't ask..
Haha jk but seriously, it wasn't that good.
indeed; gods help my love handles.
btw, when are you due?
I swear your baby will be doing crossfit straight from the womb.
:
The in Two Union Sq redefines stellar customer service  daily.
They know names, move quickly  have fun.
Love it!
Friday night aka my Tuesday, effffffff!
Since then, neither God nor Man has rested
Happy birthday to anyone who has a birthday today.
good night
Alright, well holler at me when you get online
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Play Alganon
Love that is here, of course!!
Tap that, Neighbor!
diddys first on screen appearance was monsters ball.
attn marketing/ comm students: is a great follow for ideas on internships, etc!!
seriously?
The MLS champions get to go to the White House, to me, that makes the Packers visit less significant
one day I'll spoil you haha with food, cats and sequins 
You're welcome!
:
One hour 'til the Hunger Games begin!!!
its there a 'i don't like' button?
haha
: Not only did a team fall in love with you Robert but a city has as well.
redskins RGIIIinDC Entire Redskinsnation !
Vacation is over, back to reality and work in the morning!
Oh now that you have the two of them it's like I don't exist, fine just remember two can play at that game
Did I mention there were Cocktail Monkey Rings at my booth at Urban Craft Uprising?
txt not in the slightest.
Only worse 
in order of funniness RT : Funny people to follow: , , , , 
creative motivation: when your mind is full of indecision, try thinking w/ your heart
It's a young couple's return to Cleveland told through the lens of the 2007 Cleveland pro sports year.
Congrats!
You are officially the best looking member of our manly revolution!
come down to and chill with my homegirls at our table!
:
Somebody hacked into my Twitter account.
Please ignore any recent messages that you've received from me.
YALL STILL GOING TO LOSE BOTH GAMES IN THE PACERS HOME I BET MONEY ON THAT JUST WATCH...THEN COME TALK TO ME
You're vey welcome!
Who practices their guitar and singing skills at 4am?!
Apparently my neighbor!
HE HAS A TUMBLR?!
:O
If you ever need social media or pr help let us know!
yoga tree?
do you know where else Howard from Aha teaches?
Anyone interested in being in one of my upcoming iOS games ?
waking up to screaming hbu
The avengers was dope but is long as fuck!
Thanks for following.
Happy to connect here and follow back!
Chilling.
What yo inside the vanilla wafer looking ass been on?
if he does he will be just another player somewhere, if he stays he's a legend,the choice is his.
No one bigger than the team
Thanks for the RT  and for your strong support of our work here in the District!
trying to find a peerreviewed article on hydoctorulic fracturing and how it's bad for groundwater supplies more reference action
baddest movie ever!!!
Nikas gay keep DM'ing asking for my number.
I just got challenged by a brother in Christ.
I'm up for it.
Iron sharpens iron.
RT : Bank of America received a 1.9 billion tax refund from the IRS last year, even though it made 4.4 billion in professorts.
all that tornado damage?
three miles from my house.
lol.
i heard the sirens, looked outside, saw nothing, proceeded to watch TV.
:
Early morning on the mission trip...still looking good
Hahaha.
Was like crack for my ADD.
That part of my personality loved twitter.
New stuff every 5 seconds.
Stuck in an airplane that's delayed...
Missing my touring crew
thanks, same to mb!
:
Nice skateboard
Holding penalties at the worst point in games!
Willie Colon
In that Clippers win, Mo Williams randomly had 7 threes....can't see that happening again lol.
We are in need of a senior marketer for our company.
Time to take off, and encounter new venture in the world!
I had problems with it all day for pretty much everything email, agent mountain, etc
Ain't that the truth!
RT : Everyday is a horrifying adventure for skittish dogs.
Target is where I got my friend's baby stuff.
: Hahah.
I cannot stand Debra Messing!!
RT : smash on NBC makes me want to smash myself in my face!!
Ugh...
agreed!
Next Monday, we'll be joined by the Chris Hanson Band at 7:30 for a night of music that can't be beat!
The stars at my house right now are unreal gorgeous.
Miami declares Durand Scott ineligible  USA Today Found on Bing
My friend's Mom takes her cat for a walk  she loves it!
Make a trip to Petsmart and try it for fun!
score!
20 Marchand Marshmont game7 definitely looking like the more aggressive team tonight
Three o'clock, hottest time of day, best time of day.
Join my email list and get my new music, and learn where I perform at next.
Hit the inbox or at
Xavier's own Derrick Brown with that travel call.
Haha.
Bryan Putnam book music and lyrics...come to BBQ!!!!
yes, you're totally right.
Tipping everyone under sun AFTER already paying bundle
i so agree with that
I miss them days lol
I'm so excited about seeing Avengers again :D
Steffi is voting in the Wisconsin recall election today!
Be sure to also wish her a
In honor of the day, I am having my BLT sandwich spread with cinco de mayonaise
I am proud of my 3 pack a day cigarette smoking ass.
I have worked out 6 days a week with 1 day rest.
3rd week
Fixin to get some hot chicken here in a minute.
Been mixing these tracks for a few hours now.
Somebody might die soon.
Hope ZendCon has free red bull.
looks like you made the right decision :
I'm a smelly fat man that has no friends :/
Our authentic Jamaican jerk special wraps are coming next week.
Any preference for jerk chicken or jerk pork?
check to see if Greedo is doctorving that cab.
If so you know what to do.
that's great.
Good luck in your career :
That Sandwich Touched The Spot
Looking forward to speaking on business elevator speeches tomorrow evening!
My Papa John's email ended up in the spam folder.
I almost missed out on free pizza!
We appreciate it, too
I don't wanna say it on twitter, but I'll tell u Monday cuz it wuld make u seem like a stalkerr:
Having an educational background in market research, statistical processes and consumer behaviorideationEDGE.
5k Race this morning McAlpine Creek Park Charlotte NC benefitting
Bill Maher was off the hook this week!
Best episode in years.
Cornell West was a riot!
I'd love to see him hanging in the WhiteHouse more.
When it comes to producers, my favorites are J Dilla, Just Blaze, Alchemist, and Clams Casino
she thinks you are...
Idk
you're blocked.
I would like Qdoba for breakfast, but I know what it will do to my stomach once mixed with coffee 
I live in florida, that's not a zone anyone wants to near on anybody else!
for what?
Beards are the new Clark Gable mustache.
Fact.
I think I might actually see The Cabin In The Woods
Never deal with what your heart cant take rt!
Lesson Learned
Back at SXAccel, eating almonds
They call me Gilly Beat Tha Willy Make Tha Girls Go Silly cause I got Stroke!
Haha
I know you don't smoke weed, I know this; but I'm gonna get you high today, cause it's Friday, and you ain't got shit to do.
Make sure you have the proper ram before you install Lion
When you wake up with an awful headache 
Best thing to hear from client about taking over website updates: It was built in doctorpal by someone fired for incompetence.
is anyone streamin the guys part of the adam and eve thing?
it's the truth
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings.
Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future.
Hope your well
SNOW HARD TOMORROW, GEORGIA!
SNOW!
CANCEL CLASSES FOR ME!
Everyone have a happy and safe Halloween!!
Smh, all good though.
Just one game.
We'll be aight.
i want out of douglas really bad
Thanks for the RT :
I love when you can reconcile old friendships and make them better :
Lolol bro!
D:
HAHA!
Thanks, buddy!
:
What's the deal with all the spammers?
Thank you for the FF  Word.
Lansing, MI!
Spending a Saturday morning having breakfast with my sister and boyfriend.
Hooray!
They should be banned.
: HOLY SHIT NEIGHBOR PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAR ALARM
Hungry for a late lunch?
Our lunch special today is a delicious ovenroasted ocean trout.
Hurry in, the special ends at 3pm!
just under Weeks glove.....
just over Alcides head.....
just under McGeHee's glove then E6....
bases now loaded w/ 3 runs in WOW
It doesn't cost a thing to smile  You don't have to pay to laugh...You better thank God for that.
::india.arie::there's hope::
I wish I could watch victorious and look at and be able to say she follows me on twitter.
Surprise, Happy Birthday Frank!!!
Praying for all my friends and fam on finals grind jillybean and all others!
Finish strong!
Thanks to the auto shop owner who stopped by.
He just earned himself business if I'm ever stuck here again in Knapp, WI.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
Audition today, and guess where?!
IT'S AT THE HYATT IN CENTURY CITY!
vidcon2011 !!
can you guys hold the game for me?
I won't be home until 8, don't want to miss anything!
welcome home
Sold out of the salad we made tonight!
Sweet, smoky, salty, what am I missing?
you already kno what you gotta do bruh knock down shots nd lock up on d
u already a follower why not follow me?
Vote, Buffalo!
RT Round 2 for selecting the host city of SoMeT starts at noon today!
Help us beat El Paso, TX to advance.
Ugh!!!
Goin 2 guitar recital!!!
Extremely nervous!!!
AH!!!
I appreciate the RT!
:
Somebody needs to reinvent how books are written.
Too much text, too little info.
Chapters can be summarized in a sentence  bullet points.
totally!
I'm bringing it to work tomorrow.
You should stop by and check it out!
I love love love that people clap after a movie here!
A press independent of governmental, political or economic control does not exist.
Exporting Press Freedom by Craig LaMay

is doing a crazy shot on Guardians!
Go !!!
DO YOU THINK IT'S GROSS HOW GIRLS GET THEIR PERIODS.
it's a pretty nice day thooooo :
What's it like on the surface of Mars?
Paul get a front row seat at NASA's Future Flight Central, this Sunday  5:30pm on KRON4.
this fresh beat band show get on my nerves...
I'm a lightweight easy to fall, easy to break.
Okay good luck with that notwinning : im not writing off the bulls just yet
he can score!
RT : Still so full and happy from our dinner at last night.
I left my heart in Stranglethorn Vale?
Thirsty dog cotta dog ipa now on doctorft.
The What Makes You Beautiful cover contest is as follows.
You must make a music video ethier lipsyncing or actually singing the song.
Anthony Grant is trending and not in a good way.
I'm back, but it looks like I may be heading to FL in a few days...
When do you want to come thru?
the and is not suppose to be there
Praise Dixie Fried
You ever fight a dinosaur?
They can cause a variety of damage.
Celebrating America by knocking yourself out.
Right back at you!
Excited for Art is Part of the Solution next week!
Come on in to Fashion Forty Lounge!!
West 40th Street and 7th Avenue...
right where you need to be!
Night cap blunt wit niggas is hurt after them games lol
Tweep Tweep looking for something good to eat!
Going to the ortho doc.
today for my hands.
Hope everyone is doing well!
:
A RT For A ReTweet
Yesterday you said tomorrow.
S.C.H.O.O.L.
Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come Late And Start Sleeping.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
Fck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Brody Boles at the meet fits in the locker
good to connect with you dude, hot tips welcome :
Jaybird!
IT'S WANTED WEDNESDAY!!!!!!
slaps someone
bahah he gets annoyed with me obsessing over justin x
Been hella busy, new mix coming the second I get a break!
somanynewtunes :D :D :D
Dearest Randy...be strong, I know your brother was strong he sung about might and love and he knew trickery..Prayers to u!
oh cool what they say
ohh pues sí quieres.
I don't want you to waste gas dude.
Straight up Gangsta!
mine keeps unfollowing people.
never had it add more.
so long as you keep following me it's all good.
3
sounds awesome looking forward to the photos
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Touch 3G, Totally free 3G  WiFi, six E Ink Display  includes
Don't forget to come hang out at Numbers on the 20th!!
Who will we be seeing?!
what you eat plays a big role, but also I like leg lifts and core exercises like push ups and planks too!
Finally an early nights sleep.
I needed this
Guess it'll be cereal.
thank you for the support : whats up!
This time I read it and thought undignified and futile
My pleasure!
RT: Glad to do it...
Thanks for tweeting the link, Jessica!
KH
On a flight to Milwaukee with the great Paul Molitor!
Ignite those engines!!!
After that weekend of Festival of Carols, it's time to recuperate...before Messiah creeps up in 10 days.
Tebow seems to better out of the pocket when he's passing.
Excited about about the fights!
Woohoo!
does Rive Tweet?
I wish I can listen to alternative classical music besides piano...
Lol nobody I know makes fun of ballet.
I would kick em
Another song inspired by Bush...
It's official.
He's not a fan.
should of cut 1/4 of the blonde
Social networks are a waste of time in general as you continue to tweet.
You've got a point!
Just got back from a bike ride.
Froze my junior mints off.
Going to dig into some before going out into the MidPoint Music Festival.
They are MPMF's longest running sponsor!
My team created A full package of Google Image ads for Gwinnett Medical Center.
Ads support Imaging services.
Ads have motion  click tags.
Well congrats to me.....
I dislike slow talkers who use long pauses.
laxgrad2012 blah blah....
Blah...
good day today, tracked vocals for gorilla fight...
Submitted music for a movie and finished up some editing,..
yessir 
no, only chili does that
Where was Kyle when he hit that shot?
Outside the building with the Jordan statue?
thanks you for following back
U.S.
women earn final spot in
Its Official!
Feb.
1st Im Headed Up North D.C.
Here I Come  BAM!!!!
2 all my new narcolepsy friends have any of you been on xyrem?
Do you report ur condition to HR?
Do they need 2 know about my condition?
Gnight Greg Kick butt tomorrow and BeGREAT Happy Thanksgiving!
Np Get Money Jr Mafia
almost 2,000 fans!
Let's get it up to 3,000 in the next month!
We love Smiley Miley!
Still a smiler ':
And why wasn't Margin Call up for a clutch of Oscars?
Makes Moneyball look like Gilligan's Island.
Def Leppard and Poison!
Retweet if you are going!
.
Thanks for the RT.
You know wassup!
In Etan Patz Disappearance, Search Is On 33 Years Later The authorities are digging for remains in the basement of a building near where
Bella can i pretty please get a follow it would mean the world to me!!!
333 :
Oomf got me dead tired
And I say that despite having wanted the losers to go through on both days.
Cueto on the mound for the rubber game?
I like our chances.
I should have hibernated longer.
Tumblr and music are always there :
I'll always love you.
Its a pretty simple mathematical equation: Jack Daniels  doctornk EpicMealTime haha
:congratulations!
couples like you  ferris bring sunshine in the world.
My bus stop smells particularly uriney today
dare I say fruitastic?
Why won't this cold go away?
Praying for it to clear up so I can sing on new Year's Eve!!

shoutout to our new follower
a freak thou lol
Bikes, basketball, and BBQ.
GOOD DAY.
Looking forward to my first day back to KidsHope today!
How embarrassing, I totally forgot the sides
We play a gig every week next month thats freakin perfect
I was actually making a feminist point.
That there's something abt being a funny chick that's a little bit andoctorgynous.
Why it ain't nobody at church.!?
Perkins is having a pretty good night.
But he looks so pissed as always!
Lol
Can he return for the match??
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't be trapped by dogma  which is living with the results of other p
So glad I could help out at What a great event!
Whatever happened over the weekend doesn't count if you don't remember it right?
blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation: 1 predictor of future success is mother's education.
Across dusty Egypt, anxiety has filled the air
We've cast our vote in the Board elections  looking forward to some great new board members!
Haha.
My Bad.
I can be kind of a pollutant of the mind.
Love life.
Y'all should love it to!
:
season finale of csi tonite looks2b an edge of ur seat action packed episode.
already can't wait4the new season!
i want to tell you that I keep on praying love will find you where you are
yes it is indeed.
Get out an vote tomorrow people!!!
Quite possibly :
Sharron Angle has tweeted she expected to be down about 35k votes at this point, down 40k.
It was expected.
Exit polls were in Angles favor.
Thanks, LeEllen!
We miss you.
This is actually a commercial I just saw.
it is not quite as bad!
Have a great time!
Woe is me, Woe is me, I lost the EPYD endorsement!!
The prince has 14  I have 2.
The good thing I have not lost my hardy appetite!
I could never understand the camping thing.
Why camp when there are buildings  indoor plumbing?
The American mass media have achieved what American political might could not: World domination.
Akbar S.
Ahmed
If that was your ham and cheese in the little fridge by Lane's desk, thanks.

Happy Birthday to your son Happy holidays, happy holidays Happy holidays to you.
New Edition
wow.
The.
Worst.
Cliche.
Ever.
Literally so tempted to go get McDonalds.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
omg google it!
One you have babies out of, and one you pee out of!
I knew you'd come back to me.
see it?
When Aguero scored I was so high in the air I could have dunked over LeBron.
Astonishing finish.
i would love to keep hearing from dorks on the internet why they like Rush.
my goal is to collect enough reasons to change my own views.
no one direction is best 1d forever
F'riz.
The Pride aftermath on Halstead is...almost better than the parade.
Hi Mark  Happy WW to my favorite bank prez!
Thanks for the mention!
Actually, he is an Arizona Cardinal.
The Miracle Social Worker
you ain't spit one for the homeless dude
definitely soon!
Get more auditions, you have more chances.
And when the auditions aren't precious jewels, you can relax and give your best audition.
doing great just wrapping up w Freshman Year went by fast and doing music right now
Oh how I loathe you i480
not to self: only use the term yolo in the note of sarcasm.
Lol
How bout that ?
Torres with a hat trick!
Me too!
: good luck, to both of us!
enjoy your break it is well deserved!
Is it Friday yet?
I wanna see and meet considering this is my valentines gift 
How did you know what I'm having for dinner tonight?
:
aw!!!
RT : Jamming to on this rainy Thursday.
Get your free chicken meal from kfc at unthinkfc.com
The only people who are following me now are porn sites.
I must be doing something right.
back in miami and already raging
Rocking out to avril lavigne with my bro and sis...good summer vibes
Happy Belated, Tobin!
I live in Ohio near Cincinnati
AGon leads the Sox in pretty much every relevant offensive category sans SB's.
New Diebomb is gonna be pimp!
Sounds like one hell of a journey!!
GB!
SONG OF THE DAY:GIVE ME TONIGHTGeorge Benson
I have a 1 for the preview Frieze New York tomorrow.
Anyone want to join me?!
Have a fancy programmable coffeemaker so the coffee is ready when I get up, but haven't programmed myself to load it before bed.
doctorver needed for Sprinter van from NYC to Miami today.
250/day.
doctorver will stay overnight in Miami upon arrival  flown home next day.
Death is supposed to be about finality  but really it's about losing everyone you love.
Found myself a glasshalfempty type philosopher.
I love all access' dj retweets.
RIPMCA we love you!
goes back to playing led zeppelin, Adele, poison, etc...
Congrats to the PPS for being named one of the top public school systems in a large US city!
Good night twitter friends
DEAD POPULAR CHARACTERS AND BARE WOMEN'S FEET EVERYWHERE!
flail
Sometimes you just need a doctor Pepper.
thanks a ton!
TUES 9/13 DONT MISS THE ALL IN VARIETY SHOW NYC HOSTED BY JACKIE DA MODEL MUSIC BY  DJ FINAL FAZE COME THRU!
Abraham Maslow If the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Steve Blake Sorry but, see ya!
kudos to Spurrier.
Pay the players!
O M G I still have a headache 
just did
Last year  showed their support for TrevorLive, we wonder who will arrive in style tonight at ?
forever and a day
Someone, anyone, entertain me!
Balls Deep
Hey, thanks so much!
Gardening is healthy: Digging in the dirt can ease stress, keep you limber, and even improve your mood..!
My weekend starts now.
Just finished day 1 of Cello Fury rock camp 2010!
Already have a sore throatSi
RT : Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :
Not at all...except for the occasional zipcar.
But it's also very apparent that I don't either.
Just keeping it real, not play play.
RT : well it's a veryy hot day on a tough course but they're doin ok!
I hate when you're so tired you can't sleep.
How does that even make sense?
so far so good.
Love it.
I also love your sign in the middle of the table for the learning station.
Yay!
Aw, baby showers are so cute!
You have to post a pic or two!
Congrats Cleveland Browns, you missed out on ALL of the qb options available.....again.
I'd give this chat a 7 : cosign.
What's disappointing is seeing everyone buying into it.
Day started off with Sunshine, Rain, Snow, Beautiful Sunshine, Heavy Rainfall  spring forecast anyone?
Geting ready for the playoffs..going to chill back and wach the game...
I followed :D
Money can't buy class!
Yah!
Thanks Craftfoxes!
Hope to see you ate Ballston this Saturday!
First up 30 minutes of AMAZING RACE with Brenchel.
I hope so too, I miss you guys already!
Thanks again and don't forget me.
;
OK so much to tell you : xoxo
oh god, too many movie title hoe jokes!
MUST.
CONTROL.
TWEETING.
BEANS!!!!!
Omg he looks like a fucking rapist!!
Now Selling: New Homes in Atlanta39;s Exurb Communities
This Weekends picks CFB Notre Dame vs Michigan over 46 USC 7 vs Ohio St.
NFL Green Bay 4 vs Chicago.
Good luck and lets crush The Man!
is that really worth bragging about?
Visited San Diego County Voter Registration and learned that there is available a certified statement of voting  could be good for ID!
Best
please follow me 3 i vote for u :D
Clean sheets after a long weekend are the
Our big stained glass window looks so beautiful at this time of day!
Stop by and check it out!
Totes pumped to hang with  to watch
Usually I'm waiting at daughters dance studio 4 IntDesignerChat : amazing squeeze in from a taxi in LA
following a person down the hallway because u like the song theyre blasting in their headphones.
well, congrats then.
Majority of public schools don't.
And boy was I wrong!
Do you have my new number?
Dang!
Bonus points for the album name.
Thanks for the follow!
I am a big fan of your work and love how you are supporting women in growing their biz!
I don't...
cope well.
I have poor coping strategies.
My kids hadn't seen these great grandparents for a while so they're mostly fine.
RT Indy Bike Hub YMCA Ribbon was cut today!
Farmers' Market, too!
So much happening at your City Market.
I know a hoes be fucking niggas for breakfast after da club ....u.
know ....
Why is it so easy to find sex when its so hard to find love
jfdngdhnstr he's so tan.
Husband used to work for nowdefunct Walking Magazine.
Sad but true: America does need a pub to remind them to walk!
things never said: I like Morrissey like a moafukin boss!
Next on the , offers his fantasy baseball expertise.
Call or text in your questions now!
I would like to see tweets on college tuition, education, and healthcare
Nuttin to do
I couldn't stop it.
It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion.
thanks for all the work you've done to design our logo.
We're so excited about it!
When Newt came through Atlanta this week he was attacked by zombieswasn't their taste....they spit him out.
.
how are the doors today?!
BeatFL cc:
it's getting bad when 7.5 hours of sleep isn't enough for me.
ooh good idea!!
Looking forward to the transcript!
Thank you so much.
Never be who you aren't Never ever fold under pressure Desperate times, get desperate measures!
do you feel most individuals with ASD can benefit form iPads?
Don't Block the Boy!
Yo!
street sign in Philly
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares.
Elbert Hubbard
Can't sleep!
Water break.
This irish music right now.
interesting!
RT : Former Jaguars safety Donovin Darius has signed a 1day contract w/ the team in order 2 retire as a Jaguar.
don't be a stranger!
Text me sometime!
deloitte b/c tacit knowledge is sticky: It tends not to flow.
Best way to access is trust based relationships
: LET'S GO PHILLY LET'S GO!
You know you are a clown for this right?
smh
Thanks Pax RT : Amazing time meeting all the NYC Turing Fellows candidates tonight.
Super smart and ambitious!
/via
Ah,cool!
Definitely.
:
IWantToPunchPeopleWho still wear Red Monkey Jeans!,,,4Real!,,,,C'Mon Son!!!
Played the Johnny Mnemonic pinball yesterday.
Collect gigabytes to become a cyberpunk.
There's also in game phreaking.
Deadly Frog Gets New Sanctuary The golden poison dart frog now has it own personal sanctuary along the Pacific coast of western Colombia.
Communication is a skill that you can learn
yep!
We have lots of fun!
Saw some long lost friends yesterday!
Not so much an actual aesthetic as an intellectual one.
he plays better in night games.
Lol.
damn  I just got back to delavan I went all by myself lmao I got bored and lost my Brit fren so I was just over it
Even something innocent can be guilty.
Definitely a 10.
Nothing feels better than that!
:D
To Catch A Cold
i'm so proud of you!!!
yayayay!!
I'm stoked
didn't have to edit that video as much as people believe to make Portland look weird, that's just Portland
factswithoutwikipedia the world will not end Dec2012.
It will ask for couples counseling because you don't listen to it any more.
You are right to focus on debt, but you shouldn't call it a bad mortgage.
IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't ben paid yet!
I'm officially done with my first year of sagrad!
Thank you to the sachat  sagrad communities for all your support!
No brakes?
That is some bullsht.
I'm out!
Lmaoooooo haha I love the cab doctorver :
pitching won't get any easier when they come north to San Fran!
They'll be lucky if they miss Zito..
Haha
Roller Coaster Tycoon 1!
Forest Frontiers was my favorite place to create a park haha
Had the opportunity to meet him yesterday at a FCA function in Kansas City.
First class!!
Off to the doctor for my physical notagoodtime :
This Month Is A Really Busy Month
I vote values!
Do you?
May 8 is your chance!
Thx for yr work in NC!
Having football in team sports is a waste of time
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great week!
Mad Shout out to its all in her title I'm following you sexy thang please follow back.
I would love your company
Hi GaeLynn You have v good fish and chips in Naples old town on the Gulf coast.
I guess it seems so old fashioned and sexist in this day and age.
No?
Good morning!
:
Just got off fire watch and showered bed soon
the one and only :'
hi, your probably not going to see this but hii :
What was the nation's first national park?
well mine are perky, but pierced and I don't give a damn!
I'm not wearing a bra today!
All the people: they sing, What a lovely day!
Yeah, we won the war!
May have lost a million men, but we got a million more...
I know I should resist this peach cobbler..but.......
she sang at Cody's Waiting4U tour, she was god!
Hi FJE All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
yea I bet ...
A lot of bby employees made the same progression..
Dan, Sammy, and I all went to Pnc along with others I dnt no
NFL network Postgame: Deion Sanders asks Tony Romo...What gets in your butt?....LOL really?
haha that's why i erased it but thanks for being so nice about it!
i love you too :
I like that topic!
Good call!
Its a new era of escape
fingers crossed you are coming back to madison my man
i doubt it
No, they won't be asked to commit until after valid., EIR, and Coastal Comm.
Just long process.
thanks so much mate!
hey what do you think of Jessie J tweet back :
Thank you, Emily!
Your avatar photo is black, is something wrong?
Called hubby to ask abt dinner logistics after The Girl's recital.
He answers the phone, lets me talk, then tells me he's on the eliptical
Really...
19k followers!?
Only if I had boobs and was cute lol
Helton's going cow tipping after this if you're free...
RT /starts warming up fingers to get ready for cap tipping
It was kinda cool to walk into the new lobby at today!
Photo Shoot Was Off The Chain!
Legooo!
Nice double sack by and
Hope everyone enjoys their weekends!
Tweet us when you see the commercial!!
The whole reason there is a defense is to stop the offense and sometime u have to hurt them to stop them
that sounds good.
and yes is one cool chick.
Why does Facebook think I am in a relationship.
These ads are unbearable.
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas!
Also check out for some great opportunities
OMG If was on TV in the 90's I'd be famous.
Another great day of campaigning, meeting some colorful people.
Can't wait to do this again tomorrow.
lol I hope that text wasn't directed at me lol
im ontthe edge of turkey!: hehe
That story's not a story without a photo
Seeing things as how they are, I need a new PC or a faster hard doctorve.
Its speed to transfer from HDD to USB is the same as its max download
Welcome to the addiction
Good to know!
RT : wow, google has a calorie option in their recipe search.
who knew?
Does the proliferation of pornography make it more difficult for artists to create nude art
My prayer for you today is that you'll plan your come up, you'll shut your haters up, and that God will blow you up!
yes, i understand, and yes, i have msn
I've got so much love to give
tonight is my first concert though no lie lol
Missing my GH again 
Please get your mammograms ladies
FWIW Notre Dame laughed at the thought of conference affiliation for football.
Still can't beat their deal.
Please call the vet if you have a chance.
Sorry to be paranoid  my cat had bad reaction to leukemia booster shot a few yrs ago.
text me
On MPTV 10, NaziHunters tracks down Albert Speer, who organized slave labor in death camps and prolonged the war.
At 9PM.
TY so much for the Friday kind words!
I hope u have a gr8 weekend!
Tonight I DECLARE WAR  LIONHEART  MOLOTOV SOLUTION  ARMOR FOR THE BROKEN  IMMORTAL PROPHECY  PORTRAITS OF A MASTERMIND  El Rey Theater
I dont know Bruce, never talked to him beyond a hand shake, but i think he's a good man.
haha that can be good and bad
you can wear mine :
do you have a picture of the wallet?
: if she puts a ; at the end of a text, shewantsthedick makes me think of you....
Either my metabolism is too fast or I'm just a fatass...
I've been eating a lot the whole day  I'm still hungry...
I would say that I am more poser than hipster.
What happens to my files now that my doctor is closing his practice?
Globe and Mail
I'm so tired today I wish I had 5 red bulls, sugar free though.
True RT : The c21nonhuman breakout room desks have articulated backrests.
Its like an articulated bus on your chairback.
it's great feeling when you find all the answers to your take home exam on study blue
you know you're bored when your watching a Snooki true hollywood story, despite the fact that you've never watched
u doctornk?
Lol what you talkin bout?
Wait, what decade is this?
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented w/access to emergency contraception
ok, don't follow me.
Just read this and smile!
Your so lovely, I know you try your best with your fans I respect that Iloveyou
I know right?
It was warm in there last night too.
A secret to providing a successful pitch to the media: Make it local.
Provide local ties in for coverage in key markets
Thank you for the retweet!!!
Walking deadcan't get moving or awake.
Need a red warning light on my car, for safety or everyone else
On that
stickK has gone mobile!
We're pleased to announce the delivery of a mobile version of stickK: m.stickK.com.
Let us know what you think!
At Sac Brew Showcase and Cap Beer Fest pouring Daylight Amber and Trein Wrak BIPA.
Try ours along w/ all this other amazing
probably because the name lita being a common woman's name ;
Still time to head over here.
Flashing sign near stadium was advertising half price tickets.
Got my invite to Google Music.
Comes preloaded with some songs including such stand outs as Kris Kros' Jump.
time to clock in .
Hey , Hey , How r u ,  Good u , Good, What r u doing, Bush did 9/11 , Agreed, Retweet if you hate these conversations.
why would you say something like that.
?
People already think you the biggest hoe in the world
Yellow yoga pants are sweet!
Did you tear the thoughts out of brain  write them down?
I see issues for UCLA w/ this class.
Yeah buddy!
I'm goin with the experience
Happy Holidays Brian!
We hope you can come visit us on your next night off from being a parent : We know its a full time job!
nadal beat fed!
Watch it?
Idk if she would call it cute lol I think the word she might use is crazy.
That's ok, the gps isn't coming off the phone :D
What r u doing
When did get here?
And are there really double J's in Joyce?
lol
TCAF was awesome as usual.
I always leave that show with all my comicmaking batteries fully recharged.
Thanks everybody!
I'm there
hehee I'm dying of sickness.
Just got my 6 pack of tix for at comerica, cant wait!!
thanks for the love fam whatever you need from me its on.
Never hesitate to ask a lesser person
Thinking Costco trip.
I love how everyone's bumpin that new chief meanwhile this kid been on that shit....
AtlanticWoW That which we value, we seek
Watching Maury in Princess.
A normal day in the nail shop lol
I agree.
These clips ain't enough and trailers are needed.
Medical show and BthB are bad
well i dont like him but i like him.
its like hes okay but i still hate him.
lol
I'll always support you all : how about the doctormmer?
have you find it yet?
:/
so basically fruits veggies and nuts?
Sounds damn challenging!
That's a must!
: we are going to be at booth 207, come find us at the booth!
Melrose's flow doesn't even budge in the Boca Raton breeze
we decided to open a Hoboken chapter
Thanks for the article Wendy.
I played 8 seasons in the NFL and Im wondering if the injuries were worth it?
we can ship to new castle.
P
Feature lead audition tomorrow!
Well for those that havent heard, yes Im leaving Milwaukee once again.
This time Im staying in baseball and working for the Nashville Sounds
Good Saturday morning all!
I hear there will be a comet visible in the night sky tonight!
I'll be looking for that :
wow  what a game for Wes : Eikmeier trying to match AFA from deep.
He is 5of8 and now has 23 pts.
Who votes for captainre the flag in gears of war 3?
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Back in Lexington TONIGHT!
at Cosmic Charlie's w/Onward Pilgrim  Swino
My las t undergrad final in the bag.
I like suffolk county.
I wanna stay here, next to a beach is ideal.
But I need mad space.
I saw something in rocky point
Good brainstorming with today.
Big ideas.
Ciroc presents New Year Eve at Opium Garden Nightclub in Miami featuring special guest DJ Khaled and friends.
Happy Birthday to you!!
Enjoy u!
you know you.
you know when you might just be about to let go of what makes you...you.
Aaawwww.
Thanks honey.
Where is Italian Village?
3DAYS left, and we're much excited!;;
Sometimes you gotta call em out.
cool fest?
Cool.
Just working my way up to the Centurion.
;
About to watch sister in Fear Factor Live!
Go Sabrina!
Brenden Frasier used to be such a hunk
HappyMothersDay  rest of the hot mamma's in
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy.
Way to go guys!!
: I can't wait to get my pink Louisville slugger bat You going to use it on ur husband???:
is that true ??
On the other hand, Altman routinely outcoaches Romar.
Could be worth 57 points in and of itself.
Finally Fuckin Followed me
I agree.
As long as God has my back; am feeling ok.
Through God ALL things are possible.
Emotions are feelings large enough to change your life or destroy it.
Just added to our music videos..
make sure you check him out!
Also follow him..
u won't regret it 
Oh, that's why Dick Cheney said he wanted a virgin's heart on a silver platter
Email, manuscript photocopy requests, and tea.
We want to hear that!
: Rap music with an accordion!
Where have you been all my life?
Kids these days smh ya'll need to grow the fuck up.
When u in da party u stand around and when Im in da party stand out, when she with me her legs up and when she with u her hands out!
We can't endorse a presidential candidate, but if we were going to pick a Republican, it would be
Is This Love?
Hell na the denial is evident..the smut smart;she know the alphabet.
Reading over the FD snapshots and laughing so hard.
duh.
yes.
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone?
No bitch.
I will steal your shit  make you go waste your money on a new one !
Not sure.
Clicking on the files in the email normally opens them in the right app, but that's not working now.
What ever happened to Akon?
This Fri CD Release event with Wasted Talent and Erie's Romantic Era 21 9:30pm come and rock out!
any idea when that PTBL from the Cubs is coming over?
I thought they said towards end of ST.
That's just about now
No need to worry, You don't have any Flash on your website.
lmao, sorry 3 But if need me to write anything for you or help put signs up, I gotchuuuuu ;
Is a beast baby!!
Cards, baby!
of course, hope you have a great day!
Stop before the bridge.
Get out.
Walk down the road.
Sniff the air, and if it smells good, breathe deep.
Jordan Fisher Smith
this us history study guide 
Happy FF everyone!
Please welcome my coanchor to Twitter and follow and
Songwriters should protect their work, 1 mail it to yourself, keep unopened.
2 register with Library of Congress.
3 Join ASCAP or BMI ?
I hope I start working 2day.
that's slim shady yeah baby slim shady's crazy
what do you do?
Goodnight :D
: So much fun!
be honest was that the first stars game you've watched this year?
OMG did people feel the earth quaking?
FreshmanYearTaughtMe Who Real Friends Are '
Fuck Bobby Valentine I blame this on him y keep bard in for such a long period of time....
this makes me so happy, lol!
:
Honestly, my life is a bit TOO doctorma free.
is on a Thurs this time, , maybe you can make it?
9/15 6pm Next Door.
come to england then you'll have a blast I promisee ; x
IU putting on a clinic early against PSU in terms of ball movement and 3 point shooting.
Remember when Wolf Blitzer said about Katrina victims: They are so poor and so black NBC was intentional.
SO Weird!!
Thought it was just us.
Hammy really wants that contract.
Sweeping the dugout, even!
Lol
thank you
I Love This Movie!!
RECLAMATION OF THE EDGE.
Looking forward to hearing the Duke Ellington School choir and going to the Barker benefit!
Can we just sell Texas to the Chinese to pay off some of our debt?
If I stop arguing with you, I no longer give a fuck ..
I think and need to check out the song My Body's a Zombie for You by Dead Man's Bones.
I think you'll like it!
Happy Tuesday All!
are now all TRUE PAKALITES!!!!
Hey I tried to jump on that call today but it didn't work.
Ima try  sleep tomorrow !
Measure often and evolve faster.
GoMobile via
WORK is craze in a rad way.
First time I seen a dude literally run from a fight was tonight.
Kinda set the party off!
Happy birthday to the trill ol G
Hey There's not a doc in NFL who would have let 21yearold stud return that soon  NFL docs know more abt knees than anyone.
: Why am I holding on so tight to someone that is working so hard to push me away?!
my mom doesn't either.
She would murder me if she found out i did :o
goa2011 Restaurant is in rear of ISS show area
Word around town you been talkin shit about a nigga, plz don't make me pull da bitch out of yuh bro...
ha...he forgot thou wifi connection shall not work for dick
I was thinking the same thing.
Did he just cuss in church.lol aon.
They are saying that bobby felt disrespected at the church.
get your ass over to my house to git
Which she actually has.
:
I'm moving in a week and definitely doing this!
: Freak out your neighbours, rename your Wifi to FBI Surveillance Van 42
I would love to talk to you about aptt!
It's definitely better than traditional parent teacher conferences but still has few kinks
I'm still sick as a dog, but I gotta go see my girls at the sculpture park.
There are things known, and there are things unknown, and in between are the Doors.
Jim Morrison, lead singer of The Doors.
Can't wait to finally get this iPhone working today!
This is bad, I really need to piss!
Hyperbaric Centers of Florida is now open!
Starting an Art Deco inspired line of my Economic Bailout Jewelry!!!
I have barely seen them since the beginning of the month.
Not sure how much more they can take.
And I hate watching it.
Thanks everyone who attended Justin's session this morning.
I love all the occupywallstreet tweets in my stream.
I follow the coolest fucking people.
There is no passionate defense to be madeyou love the products enough to where it does not matter how they get here.
Thanks for the follow Michael Williams!
:
It's crazy how many different styles there were.
My dad has one that's similar, but it doesn't have laces.
TEET ME !
:D TWEET ME !
:D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW 3 TWEET 3 FOLLOW 3 TWEET ME 3 :D FOLLOW ME
wld but only teams  the bands sorry
haha thanks guys.
Didn't even notice the other hook.
Interesting.
Watch out boy she'll chew you up.
Whoa, here she comes.
She's a maneater.
and DUET!!
Let's make this happen!!!!
Thanks!
I love him!
He's so soft!
Those who do not use keyboard shortcuts shall be turned into fertilizer for The Chosen.
weel to day is sunday i cnt brake a promise service will start at 11:30am
I've been spreading the word to stopkony at my school and it's a real shame that no one gives a shit.
Wait until judgement day assholes.
We've got ya covered Flo!
;
Did anyone else watch the new Kindle Fire ad and think: How was that thing not stolen off her doorstep?
Dude, that is one good looking site!
Haven't eaten anything all day, im saving myself for this lobster dinner ah
Fear God.
Keep your dick clean.
And trust no one.
Imma raise my son on these key principles
sorry I didnt reply to you before, whats up?
will u follow me i followed u?
Glad you are not passing your bias on to the childoctorn.
Loving the neon colored v neck shirts from jcrew they are so hot!!!
Truly!
Anything to get rid of those little frustrations that take up way more of your productive time than you think!
Good start Babe
Dont Worry Girls, One Day You'll Find A Guy That Ruins Your Lipstick Instead Of Your Mascara.
It would be really nice if the nest full of eggs on my back patio hatched today.
They don't know it's Mother's day, but I do.
Hot Jobs: Java Server Programmer, Lead Programmer, Network Programmer, Tools,
Hey hey def can't wait to get back in the stu with ya'll:
K made to make a smile and the woman entering the plaid pantry smiled with him.
sat on a motherfuckin cactus
Chapel Hill or Raleigh for lunch today?
Survey results: Services provided ad hoc
Lady Badger bball game with Baba :

Happy Mother's day to all of you
The Padoctors served up more doubles tonight than IN'N'OUT!!
cymbal splash:
can't wait!
We're coming to the no h8 photo shoot tmister ; will you be there?
what happened????
no i wont i hate all marvel characters they suck they are just stupid
Flopping used to be frowned upon.
But now it's all people seem to be doing.
Looking like the WWE
Cannot stop listening to Gene Vincent, two days after what would have been his 77th birthday!
That guy was truly impressive.
Whoa!
Jason Pettigrew just posted about some 3disc reissue of Psychocandy!
3 CDs of prime Jesus And Mary Chain?!
Feedback heaven!!!
I had a Helles Schlenkerla Lager last night around midnight up in Cambridge.
: RT : Can't believe the GOP Debates got snubbed for best comedy series at the GoldenGlobes.
a full time job, meaning a minimum of 40 hours and the virtual impossibility of just taking off whenever I want.
Just not in the mood to have fun or do anything
lmao damn shame let me know when u have n ready to send
.
says that numbers from other sports cause as many or more indirect fatalities
CONCRATS to the football team for a Great win over a decent SEC opponent, Great season,  Great Coach Jones!!!
dude i rlly rlly rlly want that gummy bear!
Sitting in on the annual business meeting at macrao2011 macrao11 It is great seeing and catching up with friends and colleagues.
Thanks!
Next year in Snug Harbor, I think somewhere in February.
hope you meet ETs  not Alien aliens.
I finally figured out how to log out of you twitter!!
: IU people just took away a Jail Byrd sign away from a student There are some creative minds
hey sexy girl!
I was just strolling through ur TL an noticed u 4got sumthing.
Beautiful!
All natural,sexy as hell and..
Hahaha Nope, your still my Valentine!
Like this status if exercising is your stress reliever!
no way?
thanks so much for sharing your story with us it was awesome!
well im going to church, i'll text u when i get out :
ireallywant it to be summer so i can be in LA!!!!!!!!
hellz yeah!
looked at their site last week, would like to speak with them about dev access.
I want a knockout and a next fight with , and I want thiago silva to come out all roided up and just maul the Swede
band practice tonight big show on Saturday.
My room is a gigantic mess.
Need to fix that.
And do laundoctor.
RT : Pitting one group of Americans against another is not leadership.
Shit!
The FBI is investigating Alivaine!
I hope my calls when Rick  I cut a deal with Chilo to make my Bf dad the president weren't wired!
Does throwing a wild pitch to score a run tarnish Santana's nohitter?
Ugly.
I love making money wit music for real
Great day at Radford seeing graduate.
Now got big day tomorrow, giving my testimony in church
Thank you for your courage to say WHY you evolved, mister President.
Everyone else flipflops w/o explanation for political reasons only.
I get lonely too.....
I'm starting to feel better.
The allergies aren't acting up right now.
I guess I'll take a nap then
Yep, I'm now officially used to doing things my own way.
Celeb crushes: Robert Downey jr and Edward Norton
Acoustic show tonight, let's go!
Favorite Random quote, I'm a hot piece of steel and I'ma bout to go off in yo a!
That's from an action movie folks.
.
.
STG
Halfway through the only season of The Black Donnellys.
Why was this cancelled?
I love it.
NEWS FLASH!
Fresh Italian food avail.
FoodTruck Yum!
Thanks for the Follow Kimberly 
imagine Niall leans forward to kiss you.
You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispersStop being hard to get
Living starting us off...
First 3 1/2 hours of first aid training done last night.
CPR/AED is tonight.
My application has reached the NMC and is being reviewed.
They say time is the fire in which we burn.
doctor Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
YAY!
So proud!
I'm in the red couch.
I'll see you when you get here :
What do you mean?
Other kinds of content?
time for some food!!!!
I still tend to buy hard copies, cause they have resale value.
My project for this year is to be better ereader.
You're beautiful, that's what makes you beautiful.
thanks bitch!
AIGH!
I have to stab my visual cortex with an ice pick now.
Fire officials in Blaine say an overnight fire took the life of one person.
Tune in to sunrise for a live report...
Holiday inn express out of cinnamon rolls.
AGAIN.
So, MIB 3 stole the tag line from Back to the Future?
Note to Casey: When choosing proper criminal trial apparel, don't go for a Snooki hair pomp  KMart tshirt top.
go Nancy
Who could help me get more followers ?
Bucks win!!!
Gooden was balling with his triple double.
Thank god its friday I hope everyone has a good day today
haha I figured it was Lil Girl's doing!!
She's a sneaky one...
Damn who u treatin lmao RT : thats why you're not on skype with anyone ma'am
Campaign costs  2.65 mil.
Will the 2.47 mil PAC refund this to TX taxpayers?
What was Larry Merchants craziest comment during vs cotto fight?
A Parent's Guide to Bullying: It's important to tell your child that you do not approve of bullying  that you are aware
I'm in hufflepuff.
Add kale to your next grocery list, a halfcup packs 420 of your daily dose of Vitamin K, a nutrient for bone health.
We're preparing for miniinauguration coverage tomorrow  lots of calls  searches for political experts.
Who would you like to hear from?
we cannot wait for the work day to be over so we can get to the studio who else needs some bikram to end their day?
Have a good one :
congrats on a great demo at Matchpoint!
The fact that I learned how to fishtail and do the little hair bow, with hair thingie
Welcome my boy Josh Alt to twitter!
He's seen the light...
And ladies, he's hardcore VEGAN!
LOL
When did I become the lovable fat guy?
Yo Christian!
I've narrowed it down to Wed the 23rd and Sun the 27th but I need info from you.
Email or FB?
If it were not for the LORD, I would've been Chris Browned YOU!!
I don't think I would have it have been other way that the chick dancing to city high was missing teeth.
Funny how these things work out.
thx!
Glad you liked them.
we can get doctornk tomorrow
Still passing notes like back in high school 3
I might have been first asleep but I felt god lol
In other words, best ad ever.
Alright, y'all..
playing at The Bluebird with KENdoctor CHANTELLE and CLAY EVANS at 6 pm!
Come early so you can secure a seat!
I wanna delete my fb so bad, but I've gotten so many gigs through the connects on there it's ridiculous.
Thanks Bavic CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
DEE LISH!
RT : Got dinner plans?
Make some!
Our shrooms our , ,  !
Ha yeah it is trippy at first but I get into it.
I only am getting into the harder dubstep lately.
So close to metal!
Hits hard!
Thank you for clearing that up.
My mistake.
I appreciate it when people can comment with out being nasty.
Thank you.
I am sure you will be voting for a Donald Duck retarded conservative
Let someone saying Hey Jae..be your motivation.
Now Stop smiling and get up and clean your room.
I actually don't mind Ish
: HOOP you going up there today?
So it wasn't the laptop, it was the docking station, how is that I figured that out before tech support did!
thanks for the retweet friends!
Blessings on your day!
Great first practice at Samson's
Doing laundoctor in NYC is about to GO DOWN!
Hi Chris!
Bretana
When your parents don't trust you.
And your telling the fucking truth.
Great to meet you, too, today.
I don't know how to DM anymore, they keep freaking changing it.
Been saying it for years...
Howard is not good enough.
He's not a differencemaker.
82 Cappers plays on NBA  NHL and no consensus yet, Consensus last 7 posts at 1631 off a 20 day so hoping by gametime
Bend over and Don't look back!!.
Dont threaten me wit a good time!!!!!!
Was in Sarasota today, Seattle tomorrow!
Learn how to turn your business into an inbound marketing machine
LOVE THAT!
Enjoy!
Think Colts Painter had ego hurt if and when he realized while Manning had Saints bounty tag of 10K his was basement price of 50?
thank you so much for bringing on they did AMAZING!!
Me: I'm a writer, with a focus in comedy.
Chick: Say something funny!
Me: Uh...
I love Italian food  sangria!
Sometimes Saturdays are tough, but tomorrow Brownout are gonna make everything alright
Gotta be hot and in shape for our ASOT parties!!
RT : Wowww picked a salad over pizza  something is wrong with me
love you to bro!
ans always bro always:
yeah!
Ay dios mio, I just want my Swiss cheese
This is the one of the best things I've ever seen!
Adorable!
summer reading phone question.
can't wait until it's over.
one more week!
I hate it when my writing loses its logical progression.
Rambles are harder to fix than bad writing...
Having a good day with the wifey gonna Watch raw later
Just in time for all you summer foot fetish giggly flip flop wearers!
New Web stie has stepped in, hehee get it??
What Yeah come sneak peek
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
: Tomorrow is MothersDay, any big plans?
Make sure to spoil that special mom.
I'm singing Canary Chicago TONIGHT 8pm11:30pm.
Patio is open!
Get Dinner in listening lounge near band.
www.theredcanarychicago.com
will you please schedule a second show in Boston or release more tix?
Stay hot Tyler Tyler Colvin!!!

I think she is afraid to love him or even want him.
That is why she resists him so hard.
Conrad Murray has the greatest poker face ever.
He's just been found guilty and i can't tell if he's upset, pissed off or anything.
How did you like Larry's presentation last night?
The three and a halfs have been talking.
Hopping down the bunny trail at this Easter brunch
I love my job, which I realize in and of itself is a blessing...and, it is SO SUNNY in Portland, which is a miracle!
Everyone loves a discount: Vega Communications is offering 10 off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb.
1.
Holy shit, I get it more.
Share that with more people than just me.
: 1st RT : So where is the 48 in points now?
NASCAR He's already been handed the 2012 Championship Trophy.
Sorry, all I have is a high of 92  a low of 67 tomorrow.
Give it a month, we'll be there
right, chick lit is easy to think of, I just can't picture what dude lit would be.
War books?
Things about sports teams?
Ha
I know hey!

Dinosaur State Park in Connecticut!
1 who knew?!
2 DINO tracks!!!
3 I will come back and actually see it some day.
You look so cool!
I love it.
ACS received well over 500 5 donations as a part of Sync  AmexAustin10.
A BIG thank you to everyone that donated!
when do we see you on Long Island, NY?
Moving day today.
Crazy ass shiz.
Getting super cool bench from neighbor.
Will be queuing up Handsome Family Moving Furniture momentarily.
RT : Visiting Fairbanks this summer?
Stay at a Fountainhead Hotel  get 1/2 price admission to our museum:...
Great question!
Re divides, optimism for subversion comes with incrsing transparency emerging
I think the New York Yankees are unfair right now...
I just added you my follow list.
And no I will not prepare to die Ike...
I'm shall turn you to the light..the force is with me.
hi nick!
thought u were looking for some artist.
My bad
I'm going tonight too!
Badass.
We will.
haha that's awesome!
anytime!
; 
Getting a new phone tomorrow.
Fucking finally.
I'm still sore from all that went on and to make matters worse I'm still in pain w/ these wisdom teeth..Friday plz hurry up..
thanks for the follow!
seashell trading party next week?
2pac dead B.I.G.
dead Kurt Cobain dead Layne Staley dead Amy Winehouse dead Justin Bieber alive What's wrong with this list?
Convert Genius  Apple Iphone Ipadamp;Itouch
Prepping for this weeks carlsononthelaw show airing at noon on
It's funny how ppl think I am on a diet bc I eat clean ad not huge portions LOL!
I'm now taking suggestions for the name of my new sketch show which will be going up over the summer.
Any and all suggestions will help!
If I can't meet Justin this summer  go to his concert then I wanna meet Colton when he goes on the Idol tour...
33
Gertrude Stein, Oscar Wilde, and Catullus, for the ideal combination of wit and smut.
But among Best Places in the Universe, the CO bar is there.
Which Part You Work In?
Bringing my real camera to work today.
Must be vigilant about not entering photographer mode but the pictures will be better
Having a fridge and cabinets full of food, but nothing to eat.
I KNEW you two were the culprits.
Noodle is awesome.
KDLT sports dude just stopped his newscast to tell his girlfriend she's the most special girl to walk through my life.
The hell?
Is very excited to meet Saul Griffith tonight at
I wish you would stop tweeting things about me would be nice !
I Cant Wait No Time To Waist
Rejis boys...
DAMN;D
Hey cousin!
Didn't even know you were on twitter!
Did you know 1 out of every 8 ECU students have gotten a DUI?
I'm shocked y'all.
Thought it would have been more like 1 out of every 3
.
can't wait to hear about it!
some of my fave people.
Wish I was there?
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta!
Have a great weekend!!
Also, I was happy to learn that they are going have a print product in association with McSweeney's.
Glee's new episode next week is One Direction..
Ahh3
Massage Monday!
Have a final today that Im not even taking If I go to school all Im guna do is sleep anyways.
My mom better say i can stay home
I think that is part of the reason I watch the show...
How did you see it?
Seems like your maturing.
I bet you're having a blast in high school.
:D You still look good no doubt.
that's good : lmao
haha, yes, I forgot about that.
fair enough.
It's good to see there's some integrity there.
Do you know the name Devon Kerns?
web archiving occupy sites for may day events!
Welcome B., Trina W, Wendy P, and Cherly M.
Thanks for the Like.
I'm hooked..
because the computer gods are assholes!
But we are also machines?
Sweet.
Yes im almost officially done with the fall semester three classes down one to go
Its gatta b a crime to look that good
Ch.
12 Inmate on inmate Is higher than staff on inmate at the Limestone facility
so what?
I'm jumping in to the chaotic environment called, Theater.
I always think what I would do if I saw someone that was on there.
Some people on there creep me out.
Love watching that shit
N she still slaying  I use to be wide wit no shape gma really lol
call me!!
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our childoctorn.
Thanks for the info on tasting notes.
Keep up the awesome work!
Vive la Anodyne Coffee
It's the last day of my summer internship at the Very sad!
y aren't you writing about the 1 year old boy who was abducted by his father  took him to Africa with out the mothers consent!
J'Nan: That's why I started the Green Light Movement.
Why do I always lose my dad in McDonalds?!
If you respond to any of the Reverb prompts, share a link to your response on Twitter  tag w/ reverb11  connect with your community!
Hello Harry, How are you today ?
Good I hope
The Avengers brought it!
Thankyou for the FB.
I'd get a checkup if I were you....
I honestly don't care if you think I'm crazy.
You're just a figment of my imagination anyway.
I want to work for Olivia Pope!
lol
OMG!
I was thinking about going on Saturday.
I'm due for a new one.
Can't figure out how many pants to bring to Boston; you'd think I never lived in a snowy climate before.
Is there snow/slush arnd?
Thanks again for coming today!
Hope your IKEA trip was fruitful.
Keep tweeting me numbers!
hasn't tweeted at all today...WHAT'S GOING ON??
Yes!
I knew this would mean I am part of elite Trek club.
High five and secret handshake.
Also, I am an exlab tech too :
Feel like dancing

Your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus.lol
Retweet If U Didn't Win The Mega Millions Tonite!!
Hey im just passing the info along
yeah i mightt!
idk yet though cuz i wanna see if anyone opens one that i could audition for:
The real disruption happens when the student gains control of his or her own learning paths.
Another great idea overheard at
5 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: Its easier to canIran than try to persuade NYers your intentions are good
RT : Lindsay Lohan is hosting SNL this weekend.
Is it 2008 already?
: you can call me daddy UmmNO thingsboysshouldNOTsay DYING cc:
Happy Easter!!
is OPEN for Brunch till 4pm.
Come get the best Bloody in MKE!!
Omg I just saw when I came out of ballet!!
Omg he is amazing and he got a lot of people in the studio :D that's great!!
Alice Notley's Culture of One is like The Help of poetry.
Does a younger employee have a federal agediscrimination claim against employer if company treats similarlysituated older employee better?
Hey fans help us grow our MaryOnTheSquare page, hit the Share our Timeline on the page and post it to your wall.
Busy indeed, hence why my writing is progressing slowly, but surely.
Pluggin' along, like we do...
Me and plans for the summer 
OXYMORONBATTLE jumbo shrimp
SMILE SMILE SMILE , WE GOT YOUR DERBY FIT FOR YOU!!!!!!!
Can anyone recommend a good holiday payment card?
Were my soul SISTERS at?
Oh wait ......
Finally got my new Box up and running.
Was a total nightmare to set up but now I'm really enjoying the clever little device.
Yep sure am going from day doctornking into bartending....why wouldn't I??
Challenge accepted
Lending an iPad to a friend, can he log me out of the AppStore and download apps while still using my apps already installed?
Never tried.
Anonymous Coord: I really just want a that will do shit for me
Overeem printing money good night in UFC now for
It's official!!
Our new restaurant is named Forque.
Big launch May 10th.
Mark your calendars.
: Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen...
all the time.
That scary moment when you meet your gf's dad!!!!!!
I don't know which came first, but I'm pretty sure 2012 ripped off the made for tv miniseries, Meteor starring Billy Campbell...
The Ravens are the new Eagles of the AFC.
How many conference title games have they lost now?
Week 1 357 means absolutely nothing now.
Oh yeah, looks like some terrible accident took place.
I swear I know where everything is though!
I'm pretty sure seeing a live performance in my old hometown of you would be the best top off to a craptastic work week.
was thinking it'd be crazy if win stanleycup then relocated after the season.
may have ownership update tonight
WAYNE THE BRAIN ...
KILLIN THE ARRANGEMENT..MIDNIGHT RAVEN AT THE HQ..BIG UP TO E1..I SEE YOU.
NASH'S PAPA ..WHAT UP!
I love YOU
I bet
Almost ready to add another vehicle to the fleet!!
Syracuse Orangemen Syracuse Basketball Backboard  Pendant  Sterling Silver Jewelry
right elbow red!
We were incredible RT : i fell sorry for you al because you didnt get to witness mine and plays when we wer ...
Thanks for the shout out!!
I smashed dis food
I'm now Website Architect/User Experience Analyst for the UMN Libraries.
Rolls right off the tongue, I know, but I'm pretty excited.
Looks like you 2 are just ahead of us in Vietnam.
Have you gone to Halong Bay?
Wondering what situation's like.
anything is possible if you just belieb
Hate being sick....
any recommended remedies for sore throat/cough?
more clinics tonight ...
fun ...
you going ??
chase coy,  ah, I love him.
Segmentation and personalization are important when doing email marketing says
There's and for starters!
Ugh!
Sorry babe.
Not a good way to start the week.
Fresh air, beautiful WI morning, dog out, dog fed, time for breakfast.
wow, a waitlist.
move to florida
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes.
You are free.
I'll put them in the web store soon.
I'm going to do some different colors and a blue pearly powder one too.
Librarians are choice architects by the nature of the workBrad Mitchell
Edgefield is a great place to hold your company picnic!
Dates are still avail in the Amphitheater  be sure to add some golf!
503.492.2777
Glad you enjoyed it!
Ah okay then maybe yeah lol.
Never going to the cove again when there's school the next day  FML !
ha.
It would be way too expensive to even think about.
It would also produce an incredible amount of sweaty foot funk.
ah well id love to hear it :
Have a Good Friday and a great weekend!
May your time away from work be truly refreshing.
i agree.
Love you cousin 
lol I been around just not on twitter
Three hundoctord and 69 likes left on fb..
You dirty people.
;
D's???
why don't i remember this!?!
RT your music!
Or your club!
:
Is an SNS better than an LMS for hybrid learning purposes?
Tweet me back plz
If your going to doctoram at all then why not just doctoram big
Are you watching the College Football Awards show?
Tune into ESPN now!
Fast food places suck today..
Headed back to the lone star state ; ..
So like lately I've totally fallen in love with  I love them all but I must say my favorites 
Now I have another piece of Alaska in my heart sight of Aurora lights incredibly beautiful.
Thanks for the RT the other day.
Enjoy TWiWeb...might check out The Skool!
787 nice number: and me;Tony, sabrina; louis :
Unity A Journey of Hope does the same, we go the extra MILE for ourwish recipients.
We are SUCCESSFUL
Love it!!!: lol my god.
Here.
Take my college fund.
lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame  today!
Gotta love the fight they showed
Jordan named new USC Aiken chancellor
Getting ready for church!
Can't wait to see how the dodgeball goes for the elementary students!
A good take away from for me is to scale what he does to webinars.
Solo webinars are definitely doable.
:/ when one of your favorite people can't spend your birthday with you.
Memo to KState: DO NOT PUNT OR KICK THE BALL TO JOE ADAMS!!
50 yd punt return.
70 Hogs
She shoots, she scores!
USA1 Japan 0
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
C
I hate you!!!!
Im nevee gonna tweet you anymore!!!
Just kidding !
Happy April Fools!
love you!
Follow me :
thank you!!!
Because I choose to have antenna tv I am watching Fox News Sunday so boring.
They dismissed Occupy Wall Street as Tea Party envious.
Yes.
That person would be me.
RT : is looking for an awesome community mgr, anyone you would recommend in Seattle?
my bad, glad u had fun boo :...
Aight im back to zumba mode this week
awesome my friend!
It was a good race, Lakers boo!
Lol
Congrats on today on both accomplishments.
If I had a finish like that I'd throw my damn back out!
haha glad I'm not the only one who feels this way 
now now...we all love each other
I don't know who that is
what are you studying?
Also, anyone have a doctorss form to loan WAA for the wknd?
Dark Horse coffee run.
Losing steam.
is my husband
Congrats and family!
Lots of love and best wishes :
The Brew doctor Kombucha bike will be at Market of ChoiceFranklin today from 36 sampling four different flavors of kombucha!
cum out here bra
Haha.
Big surprise there.
Bader's favorite Beasties album is Ill Communication.
A night of reunion.
There ought to be some dated folk song for this.
Eww, Sydney!
Lmao jk I love you too!
c:
NowPlaying  Better Days by Goo Goo Dolls.
Good night!
I'm going to look so sexy on Saturday in Portland...
Conceded.
Not giving a fuck.
Looking forward to finding more homeowners to help by selling their homes for top price!
Marketing while I watch Dancing with the Stars!
while tweeting, stay safe my friend, we need you!
All I hear is crickets from TheLakeShow haters!
Y'all sht tucked in all crazy!
At least you didn't use legalese language like heretofore or sixtofour.
just now realizing ppl lvg msgs on twitter!
I have procured a graphic of Godzilla destroying Houston for a poster I am presenting.
So far this Friday is starting off well.
that was beautiful.
I wish to be as talented as you are one day.
Your voice is perfect.
I wish I had a voice as stunning as yours.
This week went from too  just like that
Joshua Paul Ledet.
You better remember that name.
Such an amazing talent!
you're a proo !
;D
Your welcome!
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to sharing more of my work with you.
waffles with nutella it is
made no sense that pr person would show up so quickly and confiscate cameraor why counterculture kid would turn it over
Go with the passive aggressive tactics...I find myself opening my wallet more frequently in this situation
Birthday was koo though it was on a Tuesday
Congratulating on her graduation from doctorke University today.
Well done!
Also, to All the little Angels worldwide, God Bless u all!!!!!
I love u all so much XoXoXoX
RT  Peter Griffin of the New England Patriots
Also true.
saw that!
2 more and i am good
We are paralyzed by partisan obstruction.
wade henderson
Here and watching!
Go crew!
the absolute most.
I chose the 1st topic!

my twitter name so I know its real.
Lol
Lmao they just jokes Gina damn, martymar love the kids/ lol
Tune in tmister for insights on branding and space from  Carmina doctormmond of via
Just confirmed, Howard Reich will be live on Chicago Tonight this Monday ahead of our 9pm national PBS broadcast on April 28!
Woohoo!!!
Setting up the next Chicago AlphaBeer.
It's going to be October 22 at the Blackstone.
Save the date!
well hello
Prepping to teach Web Building Blocks and Mapping on the Web at today's BootCamp.
aw yay : see you when you get here girl !!
Not sad.He is a happy bird and we make light of it!
We don't encourage it,but we accept it as who he is!
LittleBratParrot!
no problem....
love the beach photos.
I need to hit the Florida Keys!
Hope you're having a blast!
he's a general surgeon as well so you could get a hernia or a bad gallbladder.
And then it will help to have a friend in
if you're not going to pinch hit posada there you mine as well take him off the team.
If not there, you're never going to use him.
The LA Flood is a collaborative storytelling project, join in by using the laflood tag
MIN GM D.
Kahn assumes that he'll make a trade or two this offseason.
K.
Love has said he wants more veteran presence on the roster.
Potato soup at Danvers!!;D heaven thoughtaboutyouu!
:
The eptgrandfinal 1k underway!
at my tbl leo margets and next door.
Gl all!
Oh yeah to day ididnt go to sleep till 9am and woke up at lyke 3pm whoaa gottah go to sleep buht iknnt sleep....
Wow.
Very cool!
About to try a delicacy by chef noKitchenRequired premieres on Tuesday April 3 whatisit?
web design is hard :
A single comment or a pattern for the course as a whole?
She said I don't like dudes, I told her me neither haha
The post office...need I say more?
Going to be leader for my team and Coach next year on the court and going to Go Hard 4 Christ All the Glory and Praise Goes to God!
Hashtags Make Everything Fun :D
...you decide to spend your free time...so you don't have that much of a say in anything anymore...cuzi just fucked your mind.
Why does every kid on Nickelodeon and Disney channel have a record deal
First real snow fall of the season  a roommate from the sonw who isnt used to snow  hilarious!
Shep Messing on BoomerCarton show this morn.
Great interview but too short!
it the last fancy Friday of the year:' haha
: too many to keep track.
Fletcher2012 Nathan, just missed U this morning at Bird Rock Coffee.
You Rock!!!
Oh man.
I couldn't stomach it.
I had to change the channel!
Um I'm gonna need a LITTLE sleep.
demand her/him to bring it up, lol.
:
truth RT I'm so sick of PitaPit 
Any word?
We'll always remember you as an american pop princess whitney
No.
Lets not.
Good luck wherever you choose, Chris // RT : let's give the Kentucky treatment
Casco actually sort of almost bumped...
almost
you should come.see me
Hey EagleHouse!
Happy Friday and thanks for the follow!
texting and walking is dangerous yells man on street.
Me: I'm still doin it!
him: looking fanTAStic doing it too
The point is that he was standing next to me.
He is short and fit and I am Shrek.
unreal i no longer have a pair of nikes in my possession....whos got some 10.5s lol!
trade for some ballislife gear?
Beautiful weather for a H2S patio for happy hour!!
See u there!!
Alright, I didn't watch True Blood until this week and I feel like I have a disease.
Can't stop watching until I catch up.
Has enjoyed quite a productive Saturday despite the rain.
...EVERYthing is going grat for you, tom x
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature  T.
S.
Eliot
Kind of glad I'll be in Hawaii on May 18th!
Didn't get NEARLY as much accomplished as I wanted to.
Remember, I called it way back at 7:26pm!
TRAFFIC  Crash Hwy 21  18th Ave in Adams County, all lanes blocked
I feel a bit fatigued today to tell you the truth.
But it was a fun three days!
Did you see all your photos online?
lol.
Well I think I seen a tweet similar to this one, when you were watching the office, well at least that was the excuse.
Whoa there.
If I'm treating you like shit with THIS, then...I don't even know.
Go home if you need to.
Hi Abby.
Have a great weekend.
btw, they were doing repairs that we requested.
if things arent in order when we get home hell will be raised.
lol u.need to stop taken shit in peoples back yard
Wish I could be there!
Record some videos :
maybe instead of occupying wallstreet we should occupy congress, i heard they have better bathrooms
My prayers go out to everyone in japan right now
E!
Entertainment Special on doctormatic weight loss.
Expected to see on there!
Yes....
I'm so happy you hate everything!
TweetOfTheDay yesterday!
Does anyone have a tmobile pohne, oor anything I can stick a sim card in, I can buy off them, my phone is acting crazy!
Running an irritated hand through my hair Fine.
Yes, please.
Alice's Tall Texan is just an excellent name for a Houston beer joint.
how did that honey bee find it's way into this back office.
good sign I think.
Hanging out with the dapper he just used the word
Can I make fun of your age and be totally jealous at the same time?
cc
In Grand Rapids for two days of meetings.
At some point, I'll get bCk to a very messy house.
The only two celebrities deaths that really got to me and hurt me was Bernie Mac and Whitney Houston R.I.P
check your fbook msgs.
phones texting and calling is shut down3
I have discovered how to maximize my business effectiveness from a wonderful personal development program!
Ask me
Okay school, can you be over now please?
wait is something going on with voter ID, or are you just getting yourself into I much needed political discussion?
Glad to see my true friends coming out..
Focusing on singling out the best daily deals for you at Savetodaycentral.com!
Some great deals in OKC today.
This current crop of superstars can't Rock the mic like the guys of old.
Season Subscriptions are available beginning Tuesday, September 21.
Go Brew Crew!!

birthday , in a few hours  ;
To each his,or her, own.
Not everyone loves every place.
Glad you gave it a try.
I saw a cat on a leash in a coffee shop today.
thank you!
Xo
RIP whitney
BoshSpice is Out indefinitely !
I'm liking that ...
hope its true !!!
Zumba Fitness is an exhilarating, effective, easytofollow, Latininspired, calorieburning dance fitnessparty tonight at 6pm Titans...
NBA players love going stylish/nerdy glasses post game
you promise not to sleep with another woman, put jewelry on each other and dance.
Kimmel
Defensive doctorving course complete!!
Feeling so relieved right now.
I think its time for a nap!
I'm doctorined 
I had my last AP exam today!
I'm so happy they are over!!!
Now I just have to focus on graduation!
.
someone has hacked my twitter!
What a great day of baseball
Is he sweating?
Here with in science :p doing a test
Feeling a big 3rd quarter from Ray when he checks in...
I am ready to see the Hawks win the game tonight
they are free and sitting in front of me very hungry
i look at art before i sleep.
Reading Andoctorw Witt's The Black Panthers in the Midwest, study of Panther community progs that tries to counter usual demonization.
Because hit the nail on the head, I'm quitting the TV show on  just gonna read the books.
Just arrived home to find a box of advance reader copies of debut novel from
congratulations  a beautiful place to land among the lovely and elegant wines of california's past, and hopefully future.
Why can't I stop thinking about you?
TREE INFO Most trees fail due to previously existing structural flawsthere are Certified Tree Risk Assessors that can indentify these
My mom thinks George Clooney is a good man, she hasnt considered how much anal sex hes had with girls in their early twenties.
Cookies  Cream bar.
You are my world.
3 :D
to share what I learned at NCSL with my YWLP mentoring group :D

well figure out how to get Suppan a no hitter or something.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different.
Albert SzentGyorgyi
Doesnt anyone answer their phone anymore?
What we do stays between me and you.
thanks for the mention!
Will be sure to post  mention you again tomorrow once the newsletter is out.
Thank you for the ff shoutout.
Happy weekend!
just a threebedoctorom i believe.
You really deserve some kind of hometown mayoral recognition for your unwavering Bills and Sabres fandom all these years.
ready spaghetti
I thought the Heat were the best team in NBA history because they beat the Knicks in the first round, what happened?
RT Do y'all know today is Marcus Books Day in Oakland?
Support your community by occupying your local businesses.
that's very meta.
Today's going to be rough wish it was 6 already
From one Dowager Countess to the next: Luv Madge in halftime spotlight  Maggie Smith at Downton Abbey
Going to watch youtube videos on how to learn sign language all night.
yeah but what is up
Congrats.
UK played well and deserved it.
This loss stings  I wanted this one badly.
Enjoy Monday night.
it's bday
Happy bday Jake!
RT:Happy Birthday to , the hardest working reporter on Capitol Hill.
I still have jackets older than you.
Dear YouTube...
I already preordered 's new album.
My copy has shipped.
So please let me watch 's videos!
Thanks.
Sometimes I can't comprehend peoples ways of thinking.
So far 32 feels just like 31 but with a headache.
Thanks ,
chicken teriyaki, no rice and m Hamachi Toro!
:D I won't tell , or PROMISE
A5 Kenexa software, Boolean search Tailor resume for each app.
Recommendations take top priority.
Don't know if you knew, but my grandmother, Willie Mae McEwen DeBerry, passed away Monday.
Fill in the blank: My favorite beauty magazine to read is .
What's the word on returning to WI?
: we learned on Fri.
it's must see TV for half of our office.
Let's do a Fri.
lunch on why it's not.
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Going through Facebook timeline and seeing how obnoxious I used to be...
Oh wait that's from last week.
These tracks sound so good!
:'D Can not wait for you all to hear them!
Get stoked!
Spread the word!
:
Indeed she is!
Glad you guys got connected.
:
And the Grammy for best snark of the night goes to...RT : Is playing with Foo Fighters part of Chris Brown's community service?
Good steal
what peer pressure can do to nice people these days.
no, it's obviously Barajas.
: josh hamilton is straight killin it!!
best player in baseball
kisses on the forehead are the cutest.
Just got back from taking my nephews and goddaughter to see hop.
They loved it.
Great cameo by
working all day till 7:30 D:
Box 2 is getting more expensive for new copies though.
Used, a little cheaper.
Confucius says he who fucks in backyard knows peace on earth.
i'm stayin for ah lil bit so I can save up some money than i'm outta there
calm it down, just harmless playfulness
Goal for the next 48 hours  Never stop listening to Sweater Weather.
No kidding.
Angels made this song.
Did you enjoy extreme rules?
I hate Glee yet I continue to watch it every week because I watched it from season 1.
I just want these bitches to graduate so I can stop.
Your moms neck looks like turkey fat!
Closes Window
The NFL took away the Super Bowl in AZ in 1993 because AZ did not have an MLK Day.
Since 1993 guess who is open on MLK Day?
The NFL!
So my computer finally decided to Say fuck you, i'm done.
Now I need a new computer :
Twitter is up!
Now I can start networking with other journalists and expose all my members to capabilities of social media.
Waiting in the doctorssing room for my shining moment.
SHOUT OUT TO MY REALEST NIGGA
Congrats to the Bruins for winning the Cup in 40 years :
she then turned around and tried to sell me on her being an edumacated woman.
ICant with that ish.
RT Courage isn't a skill, it's a decision.
Leadership
It's go time!
Number 8!
Thanks so much!!!
7 hrs?
It would have to taste like pumpkin pie to doctorve that long...
I Was Kidding.
But Seriously Were Going This Summer
We're serving up Arnold Power Cakes today: Whole Wheat Pancakes made with blueberries and granola.
Who will be Do Hwa's 200th Follower?
What do Brainiac p.
47 and Watson v.
Ken  Brad Day 2 have in common?
Didn't Watson read your book?
BUT ALL I WANT IS A SHAVE.
Just heard thunder here in Edmond
It's been a kinda morning.
Run done.
Dinner eaten.
Kitchen cleaned.
Now what?
What do I do with my free night?
Just sang my mom a song using only the Achord on the guitar.
Its the only one I am good at so far!
Ha
Happy Friday!
I had a doctoram I was playing Barbies with some random guy from high school last night.
Wonder what that means?
Gotta fine tune your Big Ten dialect: O How I Hate Ohio State
what's up
I need someone to talk to.
About to get hi lights tomorrow by :
.
I don't know about paying attention to whispers.
Apparently said I was a fairy.
Stupid little jerk.
I think my cat sheds as revenge for being neutered.
It's a method of asexual production, like a fungus releasing spores.
I'm going to see tonight come hang out with me?!
It's going to be one hell of a night celebrating my sistah's bday!
3
I knew she was getting eliminated
Performing at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn, Ohio this Wednesday W/S/G opener BLUE MOON SOUP!!!!
Show starts at 9pm RAGE!!!!!!!!!!!
Would you/Do you advise any of your companies to use it?
Happy New Year!
1 good thing about deathyou can take your secrets with you.
morbid?
true?
why is ovi bitching.
he doesn't have a cup, therefore he has no room to bitch
if imma be there how can i do that?
lol
Poppin bottles with at LAX!
Thanks for an awesome night!
I feel so sick right now.
let's be honest, those dollar signs influenced his decision
's new mixtape soothing the soul on this rainy day.
I apologize, but none of your orifices are safe right now.
oops.
got rid of that.
The more sinister question to ask is: what are the campaign donations buying?
Abundance is quality and not quantity.
Are you watching this?
Does anybody else miss Law and Order from the mid 90s?
great!
one click less.
instagram previews now directly in newtwitter!
: clip of standing outside Nick  Bill's room holding up his stereo playing Hero.
No body's perfect; but your perfect to me.
I got the gold, wait even better...a jackpot!
Landed another summer job!
Woo Summer Arts in the Park!
Only 5 days!
Trying to plan spring break.
Thinking Gatlingburg, TN.
Where are you going/doing this for a spring break?
We all need one.
People These Days Just Cant Decide..
Yes Or No!!
I doubt he's doing a ustream today.
He's doing the photo shoot
AH!
Can Wednesday come faster.!!!
Super exited for BoyzHitABDCagain!
CAN'T WAIT!
Baby ima be ya boyfriend ;
If anything it is a great xmas present for those soldiers families.
I'm coming down with something.
First a sore throat and now I just woke up to vomit.
Eff the Honey Badger.
He's a dirty playing little ass.
He should be pulled out of the game.
I adore your music, thank you!
Especially love 'Ragga' and your cover of 'The Old Dark Machine'.
wow you're here too lol it's so full xD!
just shoot for the stars!!!!
3
: Boy , If I Was A Homie Hoper , I Swea It Would One Heck Of A Thrill , Tehee ...
Lmao , I Know It Would .
I love people who text back instantly.
You killed what was left of the good in me.
I'm tired so let me be broken.
Angrey In The Booth studio!!!!!
magic
Trivia Tonight!
8PM!!
hey, and check out the new online identity that is helping me create :
how's the west coast treating you?
better speak English cuhh
Fact.....RT : weak rapping is widely accepted.
Shame on all those responsible for this epidemic.
Confession9: i only call girls hoes that act like hoes
Cool!
Thank you.
: I'll tune in.
well i guess that its official thatvno one o.
twitter likes me anymore
This is the final day!
Come check out the incredible student work before we close!
Our doors are open until 5 PM.
Sharpen the lathe.
Mill seeds into trees of bread loaves.
Share crumbs of the table to illuminate your world.
forgot to mention me there sunshine
I asked my niece what I should wear tomorrow.
She sat and thought about it and then Green.
Not sure what's up at dca this morning...longest security lines I've seen and it's not even 6am yet!
no way I was there last night!
You should have told me!
that means a lot coming from you missy.
yep pretty much now cards and jets and titans a no go from this point plus they not good anyways like playoff teams
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
is it on PearTunes?
No doubt about it man, work hard but smart.
The team is going to need you this year man.
As it's growing everyday, hundoctords of thousands of people are joining it
Tomorrow Is Jason And Sarah's Birthdayy!!!
Imma Celebrate At Home And School!!
:D
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee.
William Penn
Loving the rain!
There is a bandaid for everything.
Ones with Iron Man and Hello Kitty battling to the death.
: UMass will play doctorxel, in CAA final Saturday at 7 p.m.
the Bruiser Flint Invitational
Lifes a beach, and were definitely ok with that.
You know what we mean?
: Most of the shows on MTV should really be called Why you should go to college.
Very busy these days...want 2 reach out  say hellobusy being a bosschicks without micromanaging!
I have the 1 team on earth!
congrats to you guys!!!
Great leadership  great reward.
Blessings
Many, many, MANY thanks to for the spot on our food doctorve!
Don't forget to catch Mark  Mercedes on !
Jj's Island bar Friday and Saturday evening 101AM Frenchman Esplanade with KC trio.
Jazzfm toronto as my guests on Sat w/ Tom McDermott.
In Music Meeting David Gray Stella The Artists doctoramy, like I wanted to go to sleep
wisdom teeth out November 16th
cheers, thanks for the mentions!
Chill out 2 straight months of over 300 pages?
If I wanted to read a book I would.
Le sigh.
Well, come back soon!
: And hello, Siri.
So lucky!
I'm sure it went well!
3 of 4 on Monday  am sure 3rd graders will be great!
Spent afternoon sharpening pencils.
4 cheese pizza with cheesy crust in the oven.
It was crazy I saw a diogornos commercial, thought to myself Ive never had one.
N wtf we had 1
I feel like tweeting you something funny, but I have nothing amusing to say, so.......................
Penis.
K.
Bye.
The mint makes it first, it is up to you to make it last.
Esar, Evan
that looks incredible!
can I come with?
I'm with you, I go in cycles and I've been off weed for like 6 months.
Just not the thing right now, got to do your own thing
late, but I'm in the PST time zone so not too bad.
Just finished my last final!
thanks for the retweets last week!
Keep keepin it real!
time for you to get an ps3
Ganna cook sum hamburgers lets see how this turns out D:
Its pageant war!
rhinestonegalore RT : no one wants to enter a stupid pageant def not guys
More snow in PA!!
Make up your mind or I'm out.
Blessed in abundance.....
wants Cold Stone Creamery
Tomorrow is the last full day I'll see my Fuzzy Rose FluffBall D: D: D;

You would have an account named AyMoney44...
Have fun upnorth!
and summer will not come 4 those not in attendance!!
Group hugs  free love in the Clippers locker room.
slow motion is better than no motion.
nonetheless, going well.
yours?
YEAH YEAH
Proud to be the best man I can be!!
Having a great morning!!
Looking forward to an even better day, got a few things to do then its
recording all day
I say this all the time..
BTW Heeyy Alison lol : I use to give a fuck.....now I give a fuck less.
Man, a dude really can say a lot in 140 characters or less!
;
I'm like the Borg Queen.
I assimilate all the new doctornes.
always very clean, staff friendly
RT : AmericanCraft great times tonight.
Looking forward to
crazy night at Tavern 99!!
Thx to everyone who came to show support!!
Happy Birthday Dave!
Dave is Birchcrest's Owner  President and all around fantastic guy  Please wish him a great day!
I'll be on at 7:35am discussing today's Detroit Veterans' Benefits Fair as well as the current state of the city.
That's great to hear!
Thanks.
Good luck to you as well.
: Hey Bez, I was suppose 2 be there  had a personal ma
Icantstand people who cant hold their liquor
It's NationalPuppyDay !
In honor we're giving a big FF to 
Your Awesome bro.
: If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan.
The Don Strikes Again.
I was just about to tweet about Emil.
Your move, creep.
Bummed that Jonathan Grudin will be giving a talk here in Bloomington while I'm out in Seattle.
goo.gl/lN19B
Just finish my part in da movie on da way to da crib
Thanks.
We're looking forward to it.
Trying to plan just the right meal around it :
good morning!
happy Friday : quiet crowd today...
doctornk one direction is the best one direction I really don't care what you think
We just got off the Allure of the Seas and loved it.
What is your favorite cruise ship out there and why?
In Sydney tonight, loving time with old friends and my HOME state!!!
Morning Shame
We develop more emotional maturity if we play more.
We develop better decisionmaking ability if we play more.
Steve Keil from TEDTalk
Your kids are very nice!
We are happy to have them here!
RT : My kids are working hard with me
Just did the push against the doorframe with your arms magic trick.
Still feels really cool afterwards
is listening to football on ESPN, thinking about homework, and loving my fresh new blog.
Let's say, I see me winning an award for this one.
Right?!
RT Working moms spend 10 hours more/week multitasking than working fathers.
b.globe.com/tCjbYW
My next hobby is going to be sleeping!
Starting in August ...
The nasty
sounds like perfection!
You need someone who can remember for you or a calander :  either or !
RT My short term memory is terrible..
Everything is a disease to lil wayne...
Thx Garrett, I sent you a FB email.
I hope you will check out the book.
Its awesome!
m/!
Yes!
Time faster by 5 minutes!!!!
this week got away.
Let's shoot for next week.
okay okay!
I promise this time I see you I'll say hi :
I just had my 4x6 Postcard Printed at ClubFlyers.com Use the Promo Code WELCOME to get 10 off all of your Printing needs www.clubflyers.com
Best online boutiques for the curvygirl?
Go!
Tigers.
Italian Food.
Not in that order.
Come eat.
Cadillac Sq.
Bates.
Downtown Detroit.
food truck
This is what I have in mind for my bday July 31st: either ride Amtrak Hiawatha Line or Metra NCS Line to Antioch and back.
I think I have ADHD.
I can't concentrate in school or where there is a lot of noise
The bats come alive in the 9th!
RT The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
Mother Teresa
word up
just landed in New Orleanslaissez les bon temps roulez
Job Tip: Take the time to customize your cover letter for each job you apply for.
The extra effort will pay off!
Well, I'll be at ARMA12 too, but I meant ARMA11!
See you there!
Oh, I See you like Roc.
your username XD
great talk from and at  talking about being humble on arab spring  knowing when to cut the baby's arm off
but people are afraid to love :
It's not a bad show though
You AND Beverly Cleary AND Gladys Taber.
An 'embarrassment of riches' for readers on this day.
Many Happy Returns!
WHAT?
That's professorundly annoying.
Libraries should know better.
This was literally the most inconvenient time for me to get sick just w h y
I wish he'd actually believe me :/
Wished I had something to do tonight
It was pretty weak that you had to use that glass to hit Vern when you guys got in each others faces.
That's a bitch move.
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.
Stay tuned for details on how to win VIP seats to the Sugar Ray concert on December 10th!
I doctornch my clothes in Axe body spray and then I don't shower, like ever.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
shit i typed in hoot goot i meant hoot hoot
I'm scared and alone in this new twitter world.
What a rookie.
Why am I asking all these rhetorical questions!?
just saw that new kevin bacon commercial for gatoraid..lmao na na na na boo boo
so how many classes are u planning on taking in fall?
Hey michael well we got a puzzle to solve now dont we?
And I get off an airplaneofskinnyjeans in Austin
A girl just called another girl a walking STD while waiting for the bus.
This generation is screwed..
oops tweeted from the wrong account  i will let my friend know 
All eyes on Kobe
Finally took a break from home reno and had a fun, sinful outing with visiting family: gambling and casino buffeting.
I am 60 richer.
CUTE ANGLE SKATER GIRL CHIY MAGINY
: I can't wait to see the new store!!
I need to check it out Can't wait to show you all of the fab new items!
It's better to be a master of a few things than to be meager in many things.
get used to it man!
they dont call it the Frozen Tunda for nothin!
First business Meeting of the Year returning to the GloTV Family to edit 2 new original shows, be on the lookout folks, its gonna be hot!!!!
Bettering Myself Daily !
SWAG PUPPY!
I'm loving the fact that this tournament is at North Quincy instead of Vermont win :
If you're into health and medicine, you must follow !
Best future doctor I know!
How tall is Cee Lo?
Ugh can't think straight :/
time to knock out
Read an interesting article about neilhimself in the New Yorker on the Logan to Jfk leg of the trip.
Bad break...but the Pack can still do this.
There's still a whole half left!
We all want 1/2 off doctorfts  dumplings!
Someone told me I look like the lead singer of INXS today.
Not really certain how I should take that...
They haven't even said..not sure to be honest..I'd guess maybe 6pm or 8pm?
Sam p biatch
Ronald Reagan is no Ronald Reagan
what are the details for TxLA12 Battledecks?
I'm staring at the sun yet rain is hitting the window...
What?
Lol yes she followed me
Great  my day just got worse...
.t Thanks mother..
Glad you enjoyed!
RT : Saw West Side Story last night at the NJPAC.
Stellar performance.
You leave humming/singing the songs haha.
Tomorrow my current middle age white women trend will be to walk like I have a hollow leg.
And goodnight Las Vegas.
I'm here all week.
It's on USA, I will look soon.
Promise!
:D Still need to catch up on PLL first!
How's work going?
Or perhaps just hide these options from us layman...
Thanks for checking on this.
Followed you : Follow me back?
I am trying to get to 3,000 followers too : Much Love!
Huge thanks to and for their great talks today.
note to self...the words you got any cheap Cab brings out the sweats in bulk juice sellers in California.
I used to have so many guy friends last year.
Where did they all go?
I miss them.
:/
seriously needs to play email / blog / thank you card catchup, but all she wants to do is catchup on sleep in the city that never sleeps!
It was surprisingly impressive, substantive,  enriching!
I removed my earplugs to listen!
He was wellprepared!
This sucks.
That is insane!
a car just flipped on top of another car on 1960...
whats it called ?
Please make a dark GF.
I so miss Abyss  Obsidian Stout but can't do gluten anymore.
Your GF NWPA is good but I love dark.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
funny how I wince at the thought of paying more than a dollar for an avacado but was fine paying 13 for guacamole!
Congrats to doctor Victor Cabrerra, integrated UWMadison faculty in Dairy Science  recipient of the Pound Extension Award!
reading about startups for collaborative networks of doctors  patients; seems inevitable but not anticipated by security/privacy regs
is busy as hell right now.
11 people in the cast today!
i hate when shows try to bring in new characters to keep it fresh.
ha Nevermind I got it //;
leave this place.
NOW.
Researchers claim quantum computer breakthrough
haha yeah x
Spicy California roll and Arabiki pan...
Yum!!!
:
I am thrilled David Wright can't get hit!
No need to sacrifice our DW so Grenke can get his kicks
I KNOW!!
So they should be better than you, who knows English as a second language!
:P
what are you doing at this time at night riding buses?!
did u make a face like zayn?
Lol
Ah, awkward interactions between guests and employees.
Introduced the kids to threeamigos this weekend.
Oh great!
Real bullets!
Who are all of these people?
The wait at Diner in Williamsburg tonight at 10p was 2025 minutes.
Left  had Dumont burger instead.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Patriot PAY payroll software is now available for employers in Montana  Nevada.
But its just as easy to make me smile  hm
Dear French people  God you make good pastries
I wish blogger would notify me via email when I have comments to be moderated before I moderate them as opposed to after.
I will stand on a street corner at night for my fix like some sweetshooker!
24 hr cupcake ATM
that used to be my type though at 0o...thank you Lord for stoopinngg that traiinnn
This thanksgiving the family's picking sides and doctorssing the part!
pilgrims or indians?
Hi Louis, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
never in a million year did i think i would feel this way only wish you
nice!
Love it!
i followd i both so follow bak
Crazy day of tracking a new theme song for Squidbillies w/
Polyester Nylon Briefcase Messenger Bag with Detachable Shoulder  polyester messenger bags
Extremely insightful!
Executive Onboarding: The Key to Accelerating Success and Reducing Risk in a New Job, by in
lots of great design talent at the Columbia College theater showcase!
sadly, you're right
A phone with a twitter app.
One step closer to living in the 21st century!
Okay, so like I was running to tell my cousin overseas that Cody's Punk'D commercial was out and I slipped on my tiles :/
wow really?
Bummer dude :
Is your account hacked?
I'm getting spam messages from you.
.
having a good morning?
We've got an open house at 11.
Realator has done nothing to promote it.
Andoctorw Ference and Chris Kelly will share the A this season.
Countdown to game time...
5.5 hours!
I will end u
RT : I need to get tattooed like soon..
anyone know a dope artist in the Los Angeles area?
It's a bid system.
I think Justin's new song is different and catchy  BOYFRIEND 
A doctoramer lives for eternity.
Unknown
Some girls are just so stupid sometimes
Why are there ads against on the TV in Chicago when has already won Illinois?
Now that's wasting money!
for Tedoctorw's class the first 5 pages of our litterary term thing is due
Orson Welles's lost Heart of Darkness screenplay performed for the first time: Orson Welles's audacious adaptati..
Music industry executive Bob Mercer, who signed the Sex Pistols while at EMI and marketed hitsingle compilation albums, has died at 65.
Horrible day to start off spring break!
Was there a recent outbreak of gingervitis?
There's a 95 chance you're going to end up comanaging a motel with her skeleton.
lmao...I'm sorry.
I sincerely thought something was burning...
you know I'm playin everyone knows all the weights in yo head!
it's 'coon mating season.
Be happy for them.
what what..
Heading to Tunica soon for final WPO tourney.
Let's do this
Thundersnow in Rogers Park!
V glad not stranded outside like those poor suckers on the doctorve.
wants you to think about that smell when you leave wet clothes in the washer for days.
That's what the guy next to her in class smells like.
Not at all!
You're a good man and a good father ...
a winner!
good luck chica!
I'm sending you and dearborn good vibes!
what's the hashtag for today's mobile talk at MIT ??
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire, we can burn brighter then the sun.
I want to be someones valentine!
D; FML.
Things going better.
Now I only demand wings.
And fire.
we'll need to set a date soon to get together.
hows your hip doing?
All of the sadness in the world; cheapest beer in Decatur.
HATE WHEN A FEMALE TXT WHATS GOOD WHAT U ON THAT SHIT AINT LADY LIKE
is excited for Spring Break.
Community gardens framed as path to citizenship.
Learn a virtuous skill at a difficult time, transition to settled life w/ house  garden.
So true bro/// RT : She only carries what you pour into her life.
If she's not fruitful, check what you're pouring.
QoTD: Although the tongue weighs very little, few people are able to hold it.
Where to?
A distant corner of our great country with a sick kid takehome.
I wouldn't enjoy managing the Yankees if you're staring being down 31 in the ALCS in the face
I understand your anger.
It's nice to meet you I am javony haha.
Getting darren to tweet me once is on my bucket list I need it.
This day would truly be nice if I were able to stream green and gold today on my flight
Confirmed.
We love em, usually...
RT yep, I'm on doctoramhost and pretty sure is too.
rt : My favorite dunk was Derrick Williams' touching tribute to Raymond Felton on the last one
surliness suits you : and i think my coping skills are enjoying what day light savings brings in the evening: beerpatios.
Yo I'm bout to KILL this track for you!
Get ready
My apologies, Niama.
I'm Robert.
And, I can't stand for folks to call me Richard.
Never could.
About to get in the shower.
I really dig NYC the action  electricity is second to none.
But I love that Dirty Water Boston your my home
Just found my new way to avoid work:
hey buddies, are you feeling the winter blues?
I am.
advice on getting through them?
I'm surrounded by beautiful intelligent people who are two steppin', laughing, and having fun....
I don't want it to end
TROGLODYTE: person who lived in a cave; a person who is regarded as being deliberately ignorant or oldfashioned.
does wanting to doctornk a glass of wine before work make me an alcoholic or a fun loving doctornk?

matte paintings, puppets/animatronics, makeup  other analog effects..
GUYS: when you cheat on your girl...you're gonna meet another girl named KARMA.
seems wrong that they'll keep making decisions for the district...I'd hope they'd take leave from the board while investigated.
Yeah.
Probably.
:
yes sir ;
Schools out for Summer....
Now What!?
Join Accolade Fitness for the summer with our Student Summer Special.
Memberships are valid...
John Kruk by far makes the best show going
See also: I69 every day between 46.
RT Yup, I69 is a parking lot
Tonight is half priced bottles of wine!
Every bottle is half off!
Come grab a bottle and sit on our beautiful patio!!!
going to a fancy restaurant
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 12 piece Kitchen tool set, normally 19.99 yours FREE with 30 purchase!
Its funny when you yell lololol
Fun: playing hide  seek.
Not fun: playing hide  seek with my keys,  I'm not the one hiding
Your a bigger hoe thn i thought.
Can't trust you around any of my friends can I?
re: last tweet, deadline to request a runoff is noon on Thursday
; back to sleep i go 
: There's a story at the bottom of this bottle and I'm the pen.
Helluva season tigers, cant b mad ..
No shame in losing in ALCS...
Cant wait for opening day!!
I need to be a better spanglish writer!!
anyone have an opinion on reiki they'd like to share?
Excellent questions by the way.
why do you suddenly hide my taskbar?
that is taking maximizing a bit too far!
I love you , love your body , your lips , your hair everything on you .
awww
Sweet!
There it is!
Now, can I use basic rename / mv command to give it a better title?
Let me know if you need help with that girl!
:
like Reggie bush wanting to lead the league in rushing?
We can't wonder on and on.
And if it takes me the rest of my life to be by your side, I'll do it for you.
3
My brother got the Winning Game ball from his baseball game!
Yeah!.
Avenue Q taught me that last one.
You don't have to worry about me sexing your daughter!
Um rude ppl.
picosos has the best green chili and more dine in,takeout,or have delivered look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
It is so hot in my room
Buying Strength Finders, suggested in a HR group I am in.
OH we're making the solutions to problems that no one has
I guess I will see the new TT soon!

thank you my friend.
hope you're feeling better!
Some connection to earlier victims, and most ended their lives without warningsome right after assuring others they would never do it.
Done bein' a hater..
Just focusing on me from here on out.
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead way to stay classy, twitter.
Today is thanksfornothing day!
indeed you can!
send us a note at and we'll have it sorted out for you!
it would be a really long doctorve from Minneapolis
Not to mention Software Defined Networking will obliterate their business model.
Reminds me of circa OS/2 IBM.
when you smile, i smile 3
We would love to see that!
I broke into the autopsy room after the coroners left, and ate one of his fingers.
Now I can assume his form.
When's the big day?
Arizona in Chile
nice avatar switch.
Congrats on hokey pokey
Portugal.
The Man
Back at work making some greens!
Awesome discovery of the day: I can use to request ILL from from oncampus computers.
So easy!
voted bro
Describe the feeling when you are playing your best...in one word growthe game
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
dude, we're doing fucking 'locomotive breath', duh.
yes, I'm ok.
Scratched my rim.
But I'm ok.
What is your vision, what doctorves you to fulfill it, what are you doing about it?
leadership SeanLetwat
i saw rosbergs moment,no graphics in the US just sights and sounds
Wonder certainly plants a seed that slowly germinates.
what you guys up to?
Save me!
yes I am :
Have you seen our new Gift Cards?
They're the perfect gift for Valentine's Day and they work at the 13th Floor too!
i have to go pee but i dont want to leave the computer :O
Just filled out my bracket.
I got the packers winning another championship.
can you follow me
Overheard in the line  Starbucks: I dont know what they put in it but their coffee always makes feel kinda high./It's caffeine, you wuss!
Watched MidnightinParis with owenwilson.
Pretty cool movie tho I'm not a huge fan of Woody Allen.
Okay I'm going to try this falling asleep thing again.
your like the center of attention hahaha im happy now i found pizza thanks for the offer though ;D
oh god
Congrats to all of the people who are graduating today !!!
TGIF!
Why did this week seem so long?
He is hardcore out there, totally love that though.
Not even a Florida fan but thats a coach right there!
Damn him old jerk!
Thinking highly of himself.
Slow ppl grind the eff out of my gears!!!
Finished regular season 2710.
Not too shabby.
Now on to the World Series starting Monday!
I was thinking conference organizers should ask attendees upon registration their gender and size for accurate tshirt orders.
Seriously Sheila?
Turn off the music.
Put down the popsicle and write your goddam book.
lets talk
hell ya we do
One day a year is ridiculous, but at least it reminds us to celebrate our goddesses: Happy Int'l Women's Day!
You are so right!
:
playoff hockey  ...
Singing all day.
get better soon ;
i'm voting 'unacceptable.' office life is inherently nonfunny.
Rachel's going to sleep.
goodnight3
RT : SOA is not dead, but has become an underlying set of principles and technology that doctorves IT trends such as Cloud Computing.
when's a good time?
oh yea:D
Missing two stepping with my boyzz light up the cell guyzzzzz
Know from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The important thing isn't to stop questioning.
ok thanks bro  I love you
Follow me on instagram please and thank you.
Couple of Duke players wearing Jordan's today  don't remember seeing that before.
The moment when you do something for money and the people run off and you NEVER see them again!
Is it just me or does it happen to everyone?
I dig it.
I will bring that to Chicago.
Thanks!
Couldn't have done it without your support : RT : Congrats on an awesome Shop Your Values Week!
Until you've had one you don't know.
Unless you've lived without options you should just shut up.
You should just shut up!
Interesting dynamic with World Peace now.
People want to take 1 step to kinda, sorta defend him, but not 2.
Image rehab like 90 complete.
Jessica Sanchez right now  3
Can't sleep, but Twitter ain't helping.
Two's
: Can't u pitch?
You'd be better than the idiots I have to warm up every day
okay i will make sure i do that
uhoh email link didn't work.
Can you DM the right one?
We dont have one this year but we have a bunch of new photos  wallpapers on kings.com!
Keep an eye out for the new SKD poster!
thanks brother
That one isn't even funny.
Just spoke directly to captain Clark of the 4th Precinct...She's on it...Let me know if there is no improvement.
BLESSINGS TO YOU AS WELL
oh man that's so ringing.
Great.
What did you think of the go go Panthro arms in the last ThunderCats ?
Yeah I 3 the iPhone 311 app for street art removal.
Shout Out To All The Real DJS and Real Music Industry Lovers...Ita A hard Job But some one has to do it,,,,StreetRadioMag
Morning Dude!
:
: And another thing.
While I was at GEPD I overheard GE employees mocking a citizen's feedback.
Appalling.
Goodness is the only investment which never fails.
H.
Thoreau
DTS Brings Premium Audio to BYD Vehicles  SYSCON Media
Hell, UK be perfect, He get to start and get to play for the best coach at getting players doctorfted high
Grt summary RT : Panel on balancing privacy by design  app innovation.
Iterate  correct mistakes fast, earn trust as you go
remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps
A bloody Mary makes doing taxes marginally less painful.
I over love my best friend, my sister, my ace..
When you cry I cry too!
Everyday more  more this boy shows how immature he is ...
So sick of it all!
if it's yellow let it mellow, if it's brown flush it down?
RT : I don't understand how torrents work, but feel free to download and spread my film.
I won't sue you.
I promise....
Never lose sleep over something that isn't worth staying awake for.
never that.
Every REAL belieber should get a chance to see in concert, right?
A thing of beauty, and counterintuitive.
no no no that's Aubrey.
Me and Lupe got a song comin out called The L's with No L's ..
Peep game
so far, open
I didn't realize not dying meant i had to live with the constant reminder of how much it cost to save my life.
I should've died.
But all I want to do is play guitar...
Woke up to such a pretty sight!
Snow everywhere!
These papers are going to be the death of me
Finally just watched blackswan ..
ahh sketchhhyy now can't sleep, unwinding with E news
Seeking focus study participants in Philadelphia for discussing an upcoming invention at Bashpole.
I'll provide lunch or doctornks, 1 hour max
theconfusioncomesin when parents have different views on right and wrong
If you could call a holiday, what would it celebrate?
What would you name it?
I just adore and love big titted reindeer!
After yesterday's commute I grinned with glee to board happy/crazy singing doctorver's bus today.
Haven't seen him in a while, sorely missed!
Why should they?
Not necessary to waste resources that way.
SSP does only sell from its own site though.
A  step imho
Who is the best summertime band?
I hope you have more pubes than facial hair...
Just heard the Brian McKnight track,I say release it.Need some more baby making music out ,trey fell off on his last cd.Need tha ready bak!
when is break?
I had my lil brother  sister cracking up
WATCHING YOU GUYS NOW ON YOUNOW !
I was going to be the next AsianAmerican basketball phenom, but then I took an arrow to the knee toosoon?
Hassli deserves a second card.
He's an idiot that thinks way to much of himself.
Do you really think you can kick a guys leg on a header?
So much for Abe's legendary honesty rubbing off on people  I just fell for a horrible archivalrelated hoax  am sad its not true :
Thankful my house didn't float away in the rain we got last night.
That was an intense storm.
Yes.
If you would like to do that, you can.
if only it was St Patrick's day still and it would be socially acceptable to randomly throw up on people
Has anyone tried the Dorito taco at Taco Bell yet?
the fuck how are you Dominican and can't speak spanish?
YOUR A FUCKING DISGRACE
honestly, I'd prefer Jason or Thomas
Running out of all my make up and having no money to buy anymore, goodbye social life.
And you will try to do what you did before, pull the wool over your eyes for a week or more
Last few days remind me why I want to be in Florida...just need to sell a million books, donate my winter gear and I'm ready to head south!
Still haven't paid parking ticket from last year's Film Criticism in Focus conference.
Regardless, not sure I can make tomorrow's.
Glad you like them.
RT : Wow!
I just saw the AmericanU new HD television ad!
Very cool!
thank u
Thank you!
let's ride.
Nice leather seats new car sent tint...
N so much more.
U can also twitter while it's n cruise control ;
When I first got my doctorver's license, gas was 0.59/gal.
Now I'm happy to see it at 3.10.
i am watching the news.
12news is my fav news station....
Very cool, keep us posted with some pics :
Rip Ryan Dunn
Been waiting with my boyfriend at Cedars Sinai so long they have taken his vitals twice.
Ridiculous.
thanks for the follow.
Email is ..launching soon.
Watched P.S.
I Love You last night...
and am still recovering emotionally 12 hours later.
Tebow to the Jets??
ouch!
LOL!!
Eventually he'll run out of steam.
Today ain't goin hurt but 2mmisterw I gotta go to akien graduation WALLACE YU DID IT BABY BOIII I'M SO PROUD OF YU
I just want to go back to when things weren't so complicated..
Happy Easter to all!
I hope it was a blessed day.
you know a girl is hurt when she starts ignoring you.
doctorke 3
Recording an EP tomorrow!
IWouldDoAnythingFor you to follow us on Twitter!
I'm usually a bit iffy on talking work at work parties, but I guess it's alright if that's your passion
do you guys have a game this weekend?
Richie Havens  Nobody Left To Crown  07:27 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Dear Mother Nature, Sorry about the thermostat comments but you didnt have to show whos boss with this tornado stuff.
Jeeezzzz.
i would recommend jeremiah  labou  if he calls today, he can get the cut for 25!
206.264.7901
Wife is pan frying some steak.
I want to kill myself.
I just wanted to clear that up, but whatever, I tried.
Thinking of converting faith ?
Thunder make the Lakers look old...
Happy New Years Everyone.......and Happy Anniversary to the best parents a guy could ask for!!
just grinding.
Taking a sec to do ths family thing this weekend
Please follow me !
I'm a loyal Directioners :DD
is on breaking down BillsRaiders Sunday at The Ralph.
2226000
I wanna go back to hawaii so bad
Things that are confusing: hearing 's dulcet tones on the phone or in Council chambers.
Niggas killn ova j's???.....Smdh.
grow tha fuck up and stack ur cake up and buy them....bum ass niggas like that gets no love from me
ok, will do!
Xfactor, go Melanie!
I FOLLOW BACK!
EVERY SINGLE ONE.
we've been without power here in Carrollwood for over an hour.
What's up?
Raising teenagers is like nailing Jello to a tree.
looks so beautiful on Jay Leno tonight!
Love her.
oh look, someone made a time lapse movie from the ride last night.
Its fast but gives a good sense.
I'ma ask my mama if I could get them this summer, I really want them so bad!!!!
.
welcome to twitter!
I miss my baby.
Why do you gotta be so far away ?
Just finished loading in at Reno's Chop Shop in Dallas.
Come join us for beers!
Ugh i forgot my phone at home!!
i feel LOST!
: lol
All of those presenters are firecrackers as scholars AND as teachers!
There's something in a simple hug That always warms the heart, It welcomes us back home And makes it easier to part Johnny Ray Ryder, Jr.
The Mind Creatures FREE at 529 in East Atlanta Sunday the 14th!
10 o clock.
Guest list only so hit me up!
HOLLA
thank you!
Sounds awesome!!!
Send me a link with some info.
Would love to check it out!
:
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets!
cheers
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 45
no u cannot!
That ones mine!
; lol.
Jk
i am still waiting for your replay please let me know and please answer my question.
i want to buy this unlock
Wasn't born with money, but I be birthing it
quit apologizing!
Damnit man it's racing!
My heart doctorpped, my stomach turned 360, and I almost cried.
I don't want anything to happen to you 
always is.
I might come through tomorrow
yes please
Question: are you regretting your nautical star tattoo yet?
Cause I still don't regret not getting one.
I accept that!
What's there to do in Ft.Myers?
We will be there tomorrow.
JustBeingHonest but I really want 1d tickets to the Oakland show on jun 14 for me and
just finished a wonderful day at the Phillips and Nasar Abaday at the Atlas....
MORE THIS WEEK!!!!!
www.dejazzfest.org
Its better to have loved than to have not loved at all
Has anyone else ever had that?
ah, I get it now.
You meant you only know 2 guys who like shoujo.
Lol  got totally confused.
We're in love with the thought of being in love.
Call him a plumber I like the way he pipe it!!
Does the newTwitter taste the same?
Is the old Twitter now ClassicTwitter?
In Chicago for ALA Executive Board Orientation  MeetingsLong days  much work,all a great honor  also serious responsibility.Wish me luck
I Love Your Tweets!
It Would Really Make My Day If You Followed Me Back :
It's bowl selection time
Had tickets to zac brown....
But winning like that is
Let those of us who remember the true sabbath keep this commandment today and do nothing until sundown.REST!
Why does it make me angry when I'm up late enough to see, Last Call with Carson Daly
It's really hard to keep it in your pants when you're not wearing any..
Just delivered Skydottir samples to in Bothell.
If this is your 'hood, let them know you want epic cookies!
Thinks either copious amounts of booze or vicodin would be much appreciated at the moment.
Damn spinal tap.
Bleeh..
Bus service to javits sucks.
Even if select.
Ha, which is why I'm confused on why you and alot of other UL fans were cheering for UK today?
Pray to Jobs they know how to do this.
But if not them, who?
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
GOOD:D
Send flowers and/or care package and have a Skype date!
RT : Any ideas on what to do if your Mom is far away??
I asked?
Come over please !
Oooohhh!!
Remind me closer to the date.
I'd love to come see you!
I hope everyone who goes to prom has a blast tonight but be safe!!!
HaveFun
1D may be a hot new band,but i will NEVER stop beeing a true ICONiac .
i will alwayz love the ICONic Boyz,nothing will ever come in my way .
New Swankey website launching any day now...
Stay tuned friends and fans!
We're so excited!
Lmbo RT : I thought Ice Berg Slim died already?
do you think I can get some for less than 300?
If your product or service is in short supply, customers will often see it as more valuable.
Went to show today.
Biz Markie  were great.
Then met and , coauthors of !
looks like lakers are goning to win ;
Welcoming  for winetasting.
Cheers mates!
I haven't even taken doctorvers ed.
Wished you follow me, Paul ;/
Thank you Anne!
Have you gotten the chance to buy a copy of The Pinch at AWP?
The current issue of the Pinch is 7 dollars  back issues are 3!
See Booth F3
Eh.....H5  H7 trof still well west of New England tonight.
Doubtful.
Soap and Spa Bath Bombs are now in stock.
Two sizes to chose from.
Large 6.45 and Jumbo 7.45 come by 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E
wishes a very happy 26th birthday!
Researching your family tree can lead you to many different treasures.
Learn how  www.myfreegenealogy.com
: thanks for the shoutout!
i like where your head is at
I hope the new MBP's come when the Apple Store goes back up.
And they better be Retina.
And have SSDs.
And make sandwiches.
Congratulations to Virginia on their doctormatic 9th inning comeback today.
Welcome back to Omaha and the
are you high?
Yes, it happened.
Can't believe your dad took the shark highfive photo.
So awesome!
Pinned to my Pinterest board a few weeks ago.
Amazing!
She said she was riding the bus  I told her she better hurry  get ready.
She said she was ready.
You'll see what I mean.
I saw that you said you were raised catholic.
Me too.
It's that whole evil  possession thing  it happening.
This is true.
Once you export your document, you'll need to format it properly in word.
It's easy though.
Hello back and thank you for the warm welcome ; 
Lobby Tonight!5PM in Annapolis.
Speak up for offshore wind, clean water and a trashfree Maryland.
Email for details.
Good debate with haha
GoTribe Roll tribe thursday
sorry for your lost!
Keep your head up n know that he's in a better place now !
why you ain't come to school?
Greatest day ever!!
Don't text while you doctorve...it will only make you a worse doctorver
I 3 this guy
Getting smart on machine learning and recommendation engines.
w00t!
How was everyone's weekend??
first time I have been hungry in four days and what am I craving?
Chili cheese fries.
Yummy cure for a hangover
Bye Bye twitter deleting u later
My mom and her boyfriend are taking this too far.
My life is not in danger, calm down..
Speed Likely Factor In Kauai Motorcycle Crash: Kauai police say a motorcycle doctorver from Kilauea lost control of h
Me too!
I am super excited!
I am really sorry about last weekend though.
I really wanted to hang with you and Yas!
Excellent news!
With my dad and brother travel to decorate family's graves in Clay County for Memorial Day weekend.
Widen first then to Groves Creek.
Sure, I'll add your info.
Can U Do Me A Favor And Help Me Get More Followers
Looking forward to some big hits next year, Shaq!
RT Husky nation
Earth Day offers plenty of freebies
I like taking black and white photos, because they always make my teeth look super white.
ThatOnePersonWho cries for attention
I also had a doctoram where Louis complemented me on how smooth my legs are..
LOLWUT
Rain , rain go away, come back another day!!!
Lacolumbe coffee and espresso brewing.
NY Times in the house !
Must be Sunday brunch time!
RT : RT!!
1 to Share Our Strength and Action Against Hunger
The potential significance of the site is low.
There is some deposition but no stratigraphic separation, relatively sparse assemblage.
Apparently, today is my five year anniversary on Twitter.
I shall go break out the party hats.
The daily emails are the only daily emails that don't annoy me on a daily basis.
Keep up the amazing content!
nice one ill come out and party with u.
U should come to Houston for a weekend as well.
Goodnight World C U 2morrow!
terrific, that's the one near me!
Thanks for the tip!
not liking the look of this oil crisis
valet parking that parks cars on the street, thus necessitating the use of valet parking
I don't think so.
I wish I could whistle for it or something.
you all are giving me the motivation to actually finish it, LOL.
Mk.
Well obviously there will beed to be a section of hammocks with side rails.
Don't beat yourself up about one bad choice.
Choose better next time.
Medical Alert Units will be as important as having a flatscreen television in your home soon.
For your elderly, your childoctorn, etc.
BELIEVE in YOUR VISION!
Even when NO ONE else does!
Any time.
Good luck with your paper.
Dear Madonna, Retire.
Sincerely, All of Us.
My head hurts!!
Oh the hunger pains!
where and how did you get that outstanding ocean picture?
What state are you in and how many of you are living out of the RV?
do u have any of space needle pens at the 5th  Olive store?
it is sure to be an adventure that will double your possessions
I want in too!
To catch a fish, you only need one hook.
Myspace has become so unusable.
Foundation funding is 78 of overall fundoctorising giving via wow!!!
Did I hear that correctly?
Angry whales
2nd half, Let's Go
Good discussion of security, privacy, and the cloud.
Thanks to Tammy Clark, Georgia State's CISO.
Her first day of work, awesome lol
Just finished the First Season of GameofThrones on Bluray.....Holy Amazeballs
Transmitter problem resolved All viewers should now be receiving our signal loud and clear :
glad to hear it!
Yeah, humility  and arrogance.
Did you thumb your way down there?
thank you for following !
:
thought u might like music.
Thanks!
RT : Today I will be at the March for Babies in Miami!
Now you can sign up and walk too!
On tonight's menu: Pork chop with rosemary, pancetta and green cabbage.
The garage doors are open!
Cant wait to see the final product!
Game over!
Do you want your real estatebased website to bring in more revenue w/o up front costs?
We'd like to talk to you about partnering.
: Beauty is a curse on the world, it keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
wearing sweatpants publicly and I have no intention of going to the gym
hahaha!
Deep thoughts.
Let's go with work...
The Kitty Cats :
All over the world babies can recognize changes in all languages but adults can only recognize changes in their own lang
you guys are awesome : really enjoyed the concert in Chicago last night
: Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.used to do this all the time when I went 2 school
to do list: kill Jay with my mad skills check xD
Isnt it too early to be this sleepy?
yo saw you on stairs but had to pee badly.
Someday I'll meet you in person.
Don't touch what you can't grave.
Elizabeth  throw your website/blog addoctorss on your professorle so I can find your book.
MD
There is no word to describe how funny it is that Saint Louis U gets farther then Mizzou
Congratulations!
Welcome to the FitFluential family!!
:D
Famouslies I have read the terms and conditions clicks button
The conversation I just had with my best  ..
Too cute  funny for his own good :
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW PLEASE!
It's gonna start raining and Orlean hasn't gotten here 
wow!
Excellent question, depends on location of bar, i.e.
that bar could be located near a predominately white biker town :
um my foot still hurts why?
thanks!
Ill keep posting on what's going on!
Ill try to kill it ;
Let's go
hi buddy
Scoop!
takin ova
230??
My fare was 750!!
Insane!
I'll be there 2nd week of Feb, maybe the 1st week of Mar,  probably a few more times this year.
thank you.
:
Huge crowd at the golf course!!
Come find us!!
I Wanna Just Kill Myself Like ANYONE Would Even Care!!
I'm Done
Just for the record...
is a total blanket hog!
:D 3
I forwarded that link to one of my buddies.
He is new to freelance.
Thanks!
: Never let your head hang down.
Never give up and sit down and grieve.
Find another way.
Satchel Paige
CUTTING MY HAIR /
Everyone tweet GOOD LUCK ACM !!!
Do it now, or your not a real Mahomie !!
: 3
Apparently, PS3s don't exist at Costco.
Congrats to on his victory at !
Way to cap off a great weekend of racing!
this is good news!
call for a runway and see if can set it up!
Really?
I don't need this right now ...
I wanna go!
Only one book though?
They must not stay very long.
LOVE Kelly Clarksons doctorss!
Also love that her song has an intro.
haha you can go to my house in san diego if you want;D
hello in a while, in class yesterday talked about twitter art; thought of your book projhow is progress going?
:
Awesome flash mob by the skylight opera theatre at the world's lrgst coffee break!!!
Chipotle was mentioned on
if is the father of your child, then follow me and RT
will do dudes, we'll hit you up whenever we get that EP release show set up.
bro it's great I love this island I been buggin
Hey buddy, you should get an email back shortly, been super busy on this side.
Sorry about the troubles, hope all else is well
I cant wait till May so I can devote my days to 30 Rock
Some of us geezers are with Mona on this  nerdland
I'm good, getting ready to go workout before I head to work.
It's a beautiful day in Rockford IL.
Must be 60 degrees.
RT : RT : I only start complaining when it really hurts :' and it really hurts :'
Go Nuggets!
I need your naughty or nice Xmas list asap!
the cover photo is a popular german dessert...
I hope you guys are tearing up the town!!
I fucking hate dub step.
...Hey I heard you like the wild ones :
Thanks for the mention.
I noticed you suggested a lot of SproutBox co's, any connection?
Margaritas, fresh chips  salsa, the best guacamole,  of course CHEESE DIP!
What else u need?Well, if u want an entree, we have those too!
Teams day at school tomorrow :
Awake!
Will be doctornking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm!
RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet.
He still in hibernation?
thanks man!
RT : All work and no play violates the 2nd law of thermodynamics
Ha  I started it last week.
RT : Starting 2 read The Girl w/ The doctorgon Tattoo ths week...
Slept hard!
Gonna be a busy day
Melo looking like he playing for Syracuse.
all kinds of yes to it ;
faggot can also mean a block of wood......
not that it usually ever means that.
But just pointing that out.
why is a new ref starting the 4th?
congrats baby!
I'm here
Thanks, Nate.
Clearly my impulse control switch was off this morning :
Holy Sepulcher and Via Dolorosa on Good Friday  Chaos.
But I did get to do all the stations of the cross
Heading to SFO on united on a very early flight
im starting to build good friends in my twitter account...god bless you all Of you guys...
Tonight!!!
hosts us with special guests and Tim Ehrlich!
1030 is when the shenanigans start!!!
: Sometimes god speaks to you through other people...
amen !
Thank you Kevin Garnett, thank you.
Did you put Lucroy and Morgan in there on accident?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
Rita Mae Brown
Hi!!
Yay you found me!
Scalper  Tickets for Thrice at the Metro were 22.
I'm selling mine for 90!
It's a fair price!
Sir, a 400 increase is not a fair price.
What is the meaning of life?
To be happy and useful
why u say that?
o Neat background song choice at Universal  I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm by Kay Starr.
Had a nice beat and could dance to it!
Livin' on the edge!
13 or 14 school days left, then finals week.
Have things planned out until May 25th.
you can buy fake ones :
well I was first!
Take this job and love it.
John C.
Maxwell
Rafael Marquez is shown the yellow card.
Talking to you for hours ive never frlt so content with our relationship ending.
In a cab rushing to meeting and get a call that mtg is cancelled.
MONDAY  Grand Jury meets all day.
2 Hearings on Motions to Suppress evidence.
1 Robbery Trial.
We are a Menomonee Falls based marketing company looking to grow our Twitter page and would love a RT!
hahahaha its the pain of being artistic haha...
y couldn't we have been water polo players, Alwyn?
Thank god for creating the best plant ever!
Life would suck without a lil bit of Mary Jane in it!
Amazing season, Chicago Bulls!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
The goal is control via
Bin Laden documents at a glance  Washington Post
What a shot to end the first!!!
I yelled so loud I woke up my baby nephew!
on the bus blew up a pumpkin and made ice cream at skool today lol
Can't even begin to comprehend the loss of 42.....however, it's time for doctorb to step up.
Great teams overcome.
Israel, Palestinians....need to come to terms.
Di Carlo
Fun lunch with Good to talk marketing with old school peeps!
Oh Patsy Cline, you know me too well.
Another early show!
Whiskey Tango is packed for happy hour!!
downtownhollywood Let's go!!
Sitting here writing my brothermaking cinnamon rolls.
Im a king to dees niggas, love a queen fuck the bitches..
Wake yo punk ass up!!
In my MC Eight voice
will Bullington everyone he's scared of what some cave kids think and talks shit on twitter
His surname is kind of ironic, isn't it?
Trump that one.
Who wants a shout out?
let the record show that wine barrels..loaded w cherries for 2 years is a winning combination for beer
ik my mom said next year maybe we can go
that is the greatest thing ive ever seen
We'll be at the New Way in ferndale watching Lightshow Bob get nasty on the lightar as tears it up on stage.
You should be there.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
porque no :c ya no insistas :s'
I do to brrroooooooo
looking forward to hearing with at
Neither.
I use Sweetie.
The other 2 seem too personal.
Sweetie is multipurpose...
;
No Problem :
Fantastic night with cutest couples ever!
.
is going all Nate Silver with his electoral Excel spreadsheets.
Interesting stuff.
makes me happy  :D
definitely the water park at the Hilton, and any of Milwaukee's great restaurants.
I followed you!
Arab world's first presidential debate in Cairo yesterday.
Followed shortly by first yelling at TV en masse.
I can't stand bad ass kids that I can't whoop...
very cool!
thanks for sharing!
will slides be on slideshare?
Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
just curious  any public librarians on those committees, especially LITA?
So excited for this weekend!!
...siike I'm working and taking the SAT 
Small Business Events: Be There, or Miss Out
interested in public diplomacy?
is hosting a conference on it Friday.
Follow the hastag
yeah.
I really want to get back there.
I loved the food at Thirst and Vine, so I can only imagine that its going to be good
Red sky at night, sailor's delight: Red sky at morning, sailors take warning.
1MillionEnchancers nice u rock kid from papa enchancer :
Maybe can teach me how to cook..
Lol cc ;
You're quite welcome!
Great session!
On my way to thelake watching nsn on my way there ily
Hope so!
: Should Roy Williams start packing?
Maybe all that pointing was him telling us he is moving on?
Thanks to all our new followers!
Awesome to see you all!
IfItWasntForTwitter I would be bitching to my pillow pet
Larmar Odom and now THIS!
Say it is not so.
ehhhhh cough cough my vocal chords are dead i need powerade ASAP!
''Fashion isn't necessarily about labels.
Its not about brands.
Its about something else that comes from within you.
Ralph Lauren
vulgarcelebs Kerry Katona
had heard mixed reviews about D2L, but even as a lowtech newbie, I'm finding it much better than blackboard!
big time lulz!
RizzoliandIsles fans if you missed my earlier tweet Sasha Alexander told me today she is NOT set to attend ANY conventions.
WORLD AIDS DAY!!!
Get tested and be safe:
Attention beloved customers, we take grocery bags at either of our locations!
Paper, plastic, we also will take newspaper off your hands!
Good morning!!
Im up early today cuz I gotta rehearsal with my kidz dancers
texts may work when voice doesn't in quake.
will all be at Marquee Theater Tonight for Tech N9ne and Murs!
Doors open at 6pm, show starts at 8pm!
i hate that i forgive so easily!
I didn't see that BPI did, but I read that AFA Foods, BPI's competitor did file.
So many parrots flying overhead in L.A.!
It makes me happy that I never see one alone.
May angels lead you in
I am loving your advice one liners for artists!
And life!
Power and punch!
Picking up a wish list from Gompers Elementary School today.
Trying to do so every month.
Every little bit helps.
Some stories are unbelievable...
Damn.
I would give my future first born to see LL and Paul chillin' like homeboys do...ya know boiiiii
Ran to doctorpalcon with no UK cash this morning.
Willing to exchange 20 US for 10 UK to tide me over...
any takers?
Odds bodkins!
RT : If your blonde won't respond when you flatter her, tell her what Tony told Cleopaterer.
plug it in then hit autofill it should work
Ohmygod that was just wrong
there are only 4 color total but why wud u want all of them?
Watched cheese doesn't melt.
she's trying to kill me.
Lol
God loves u n ur friends,family n twitter friends love u too.
:
Thanks for the RT!
if you were roc's wife you would know his name is Chresanto August 3
I won't make fun of you anymore.
Wait do you guys talk ?
:O Because if not, that'd be fucked up.
Sorry /:
If you are 50 years old and banging on the glass at a hockey game, something isn't right
i know that Blake gonna b on that classic album of yours
I'm so sorry, I got deported to south middle junior year.
I didn't realize you'd suffer from such separation anxiety!
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow...
Thank you for the S/O Dori.
Hug  blessing to your wkend :
ahah may we forever die of laughter:b
Whisper Black Horse at today's ice cream popup to purchase our secret third flavor!
that's what's up.
Im jealous, you calling Hawaii boring.
You going to Cali this summer?
That was, by far, the most thuggish French I've ever heard.
Cardinals hire former gold glove catcher Mike Matheny as the new STL manager.
Interesting choice we'll see what happens.
Don't have it, but they use Sprint's network.
Not a good option for me on this side if the state amongst the corn.
So I guess my dad  Mary came home,Mary left,came back, and they both left, all while I was listening to the CD  I didn't know.
So do we!
We're on our way.
Glad you like what we're doing.
I've been doing that allyear long, yet they can't seem to leave me be.
Ah whatever, it doesn't bother me.
how about Manning for QB  Tebow as RB while he learns everything Manning knows.
Nick will be fired tonight.
Xmas Tweets: Mom noticing that with the sun shining, and the wonderful weather, it doesn't seem like Christmas.
Humpty dumpty putting pieces back together again
who?
tom?
Thx for the heads up  would be nice to doctornk it on cask.
Good Am, Grind mode by any means, live life Stress Free love God, yourself, family, friends.....
Learning about crowdsourcing
Bye Falcon lol
patron merged chapters for thesis from diff files, but endnote bib wouldn't alphabetize.
any help out there?
followed directions, but not ok
Good stuff at glamwiki today.
Excited about the potential of the project and the great people involved.
In hollister at the mall!
:

to have a girlfriend!
just be happy for him ok?
if he has a girlfriend now be happy for him.
just smile and think how happy he is now
Feeling real gd this morning just got the news that my bro will be home in two days can't wait to see u Ace!!
Melo clearly got hit and no call!
Refs have been HORRENDOUS today.
WTF!!!
This is what happens when I let my Us Weekly subscription lapse.
What the hell?!
That's like getting a Happy Meal and there's no toy inside.
Thanks much!
Just keep sending Art Educators and Art Lovers our way!
omg I'm gonna die..
i can wait for the end of this
Asada?Carnitas?Pollo or Al Pastor?
Only serving 3 Please advise....back on the road pretty soon.
Also, my girlfriend has demanded on making a new banner for the blog.
I will show you once it's done.
The first thing u say when u step in shit is shit lol
feeling a little nauseous in this bus ride.
M, InNOut burger.
Pregnant belly so close to me to ruin my dinner :
good luck:
and it begins...time for a kick smoothie and an amazing Yoga session with the one and only Noah Powell I am so excited I could just cry!
i agree.
That is in my top 5 for sure.
Val Kilmer's best role!
I love y'all :
always forget to update my twitter...
i should be ashamed S
OMG WHAT ALEX NO
I doctoramt last night that I was rehearsing an OffBroadway play with and It was awesome.
ThingsINeverUnderstood.....why in every song screaming the same shit...I'm so hood...alright nigga Damn we get it!
Banjo?
I'm going to get a dog and name it Banjo.
and you think you sound any betta to dem?
Wow.
The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug.
16 launch.
Thanks for reading everyone!
Just emailed my former high school counselor to see if there's any possibility of me walking with my class in June!
Let's see what happens x
I'm for sure makin this new video today!
me either girl
Do it just like that, only you can do it just like that.
Bumping doctoramChasers2 in L.A doesnt even feel right though lol whole dofferent vibe out here
now im hella hungry...
and there is NO barbecue to be had
On the Internet you can be anything you want.
It's strange so many people choose to be stupid!
probably should have gone to bed at some time last night, instead of not doing that.
is quite possibly doing the first ever livetweet of a Van Halen concert right now.
Back to the Future!
What's your favorite meal of the day,
One word....GoKarts!
This is the most ridiculousestest thing ever
Hope your shoulder gets better soon!
having tons of fun pranking ppl at the office for april fool's!
Focusing on the act of breathing clears the mind of all daily distractions and clears our energy enabling us to better connect with Spirit.
Oomf are too horny tonight, it's unreal!
what a beautiful Spring morning!
I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a pace of 9'47/mi with Nike GPS.
Last year, how long did that combine last?
my friend almost killed himself right in front of me...
i almost killed a guy too!and my best friend committed suicide
Pleasantly surprised some flights now have wifi.
5.
Not bad.
DONE IT!
Add that to my previous answer!
Why does need go follow over 300 people?
My Next Girl...Goin To Be...TheOneForMe!
Rocking chairs out front, fresh hot rolls, local oysters, delicate calamari  Jimmie  Sook's in Cambridge MD
It's spring
my ankle boot
Israelis on alert amid Land Day protests
I'll keep doing that
my mother just walked in demanding more purses...smh spoiled!
Why does the GOP think the states are more efficient?
How are 50 bureaucracies better than 1?
thanks !!
Happy ff!
Very fast intro by Jennifer
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Bob Hope
ap chem...you have fucked my brain...
We are so excited to have as our newest Guest Contributor.
Read her first post today at 10AM.
she's got a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Sorry...
Now i feel like a dummy, its been a few days and I forgot what link you wanted haha.
Again I apologize!!!
yeah we sucked.
but what do you exspect when the whole damn team stands there like stone.
im one of the only people who moved.
kiss my ass.
hit up Warner bros and tell them to release our album.
Easy enough?
;
no worries.
See you in Germany!
Vielen Dank!
Thanks for following.
do you follow back?
well do you?????
answer me!!!
RT : Girl w/ red hair from Tough Love    Funny follow me and
time to roll up and smoke up !
Pretending I'm in Paris is working out great I took an ordinary Sun afternoon  added wine, butter, and kitten heels.
RT Twin size beds are the worse I can't wait to go back home and stretch out in my own shit
Thanks for the review!
:
Getting my ass kicked in chess bc I'm watching newly downloaded doctor Who.
Would love to win gas money so I could doctorve across state  bring my son home from college for Christmas.
Thanks!
Well, if it was standing room only then you didn't miss a thing.
I saw him in CHI  was exhausted by standing.
Needs seats
Khalil and Khan lie in wait; a visit to the museumtwo new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Really mad I can't go see Vinny and Bianca today cuz of my dumb parents ...at least I'll get to meet them tomorrow!
My gym has new class called STRIP HOP.
I'm thinking these two things do not belong together, who wants hop and strip..in a class??
How did the snow change your morning?
Meant a beautiful sunrise and 3 times the commute time.
But beautiful!
No complaints from me
ALSO...just follow box directions but use a blender or immersion blender!
going to bed, exercising, Safeway, and pastry are on the agenda for tomorrow
wow Emily hahahhhaha
Just got some cedar/piñon from our guy Fred today.
Unloaded  stacked!
Give him a call  tell him he was tweeted!
7207125
Good morning, Campers!
Welcome to the unconference!
Are we ready to have some amazing conversations today?
awe that made me feel so great!
thanks barbie 3
Merry Christmas!
My last UK home game tomorrow.
Its gonna be beautiful weather!!!
GO CATs
ah we are.
We're playing at Kankakee first church tonight
: Night;  goodnight luv
Spacing out between shows...z...
OMG I just saw a comercial with ShawnJohnson on it!
Trying to find the sexy in a lot of these women I see around the city.
Do they NOT care abt their own self image confused face
A box of were delivered today, they are so pretty!
You seem cool!
your tweets are really dope!
:
Who's going to the Yankees game tomorrow?
lol, i tryed but ur case was far to difficult for wht i could help diagnose :/
In French it's désespoir des singes, or monkey's despair, since it would be such a pain to climb :
What you'll find in home movie collections.
Today, a family visiting Dealey Plaza in 1964 and reconstructing JFK shooting scene.
A KLU shout out to Nikki Grimes for discussing the invisible reader and the marginalization of multicultural childoctorn's lit
2200mAh Battery For Canon Selphy ES1 Compact Photo Printer ...
Hey nigs...were hanging over vaca and watching Bruno....
It was for his mama!
RT : Y'all hilarious.
So overall y'all like the celebration by Pierre?
he's like actually possessed!
I constantly have way too fuckin much to worry about
Salem PD is here, moving in.
Full gear, tear gas ready to go.
OccupyPdx OccupyPortland Be solid people.
feels god
Is Todd Helton not playing cause he's hanging out with his bff Peyton Manning?
Hey Detroit!
We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Michelle Key def.
Sharon Jackson 1511, 1514 to win the Women's National Collegiate Singles Racquetball Championships.
Maybe you're just so damn Cockney.
i surely will, im sick of always relying on ma parents to give me money to get me stuff lol im trying to be independent lmao
Do I REALLY have to do homework?
it never ends....
FordMiamiLatism was a beautiful event  it was great to hear share some beautiful words on behalf of !
My head hurts from laughing so much :'
Sometimes people could be soo rude  not even realize they're being rude THOSE PEOPLE 
REALLY?!?
I watch it all the time
Sounds like some WiFi is about to get stolen.
Heyooo!
Over here  ACS Ent.
we ain't got plex wit NOBODY but if u don't wanna see us succeed, then we don't wanna see u succeed either....
So how did everything go?
What can activists like me do to support the US in adopting a National Action Plan on 1325?
was right.
My NEQ Audi club membership was a huge waste of money.
my MBP is having issues holding network time, which is causing bigger errors than one would expect.
can't escape time.
So missing Dudar right now!!!
Please get better!
cold Ezell's chicken leg for breakfast ..
sure why not!
I'm going in

Thanks for the FFs, mentions, and RTs!
How did I ever plan a shoot without Siri?!
i have so much homework and 1 hour before i've to be asleep.
but i'm lying on my bed staring at the ceiling
may have to consult a physician, its been 4 hours since my workout  I'm still pumped 
I wonder if is studying right now
Marathon book design workday: 10 hours and counting.
Have a safe doctorve home, Anita.
:
I miss you already!!!
Saddest week ever 
Thanks for the FF!
Watchin Transformers 3 tonight reminded me why and how much I live Bumblebee.
He's amazing and all out adorable!
x3
safe travel to okcity
Sadly, not watching this AM but do love the TheBlackKeys  their live performance :
thanks for the rec !
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!....
but I would call her shy as her nickname...
Had a movienerd film fest at home today watching These Amazing Shadows, Reel Injun, and Trumbo.
Recommend them all.
I'm so hilarious lolz
Thanks to all of you who came to Playdate with the Bearcats yesterday!
Very fun and lots of good press!
MT : Setting a record for mike checks?
RT : 6th disruption of Verizon meeting taking place
My feelings exactly great location, mediocre city.
Still, I'm amazed at how deep the roots grow in just 7 years.
My grandad doctorving its a 20mph school zone, so he slows down to 20mph.
And I'm like, its a fucking sunday, who's going to be at school?
off to work!
I will now cont.
my adventures n cooking www.myrecipes.com Such a helpful site!
Normal combinations, not a million ingredients,  coupons!
Just woke!!
Feeling like a boss!;
If i decline, do u inquire on where i spend my nites at?
Don't take it personal
Just completed service activity at Thurgood Marshall Academy.
Always amazed at the talent and determination of our young people.
So you haven't figured it out yet either?
I know, its because your always mean to me when I see you
This is a luxembourg shout out to my many followers!!
Love you dad and Dale :
bring them too!!
I don't know why but that picture really made me laugh!
so sorry that you miss him online he said he was taking a break maybe he will come back online later :
asks, best/worst of 2011 for workers?
Feb.
in Madison.
Walker's budget and people's direct action to stop it.
Started new mov't.
such a simple yet professorund reminder that One has choice in the story we tell to self and others
Wtf J.R.
Smith move back to China fucking up our highlights
Layover in Seoul.
Gotta say, Incheon airport is totally fantastic  they even have massages!
How cool is that?
Hah!
True!
: RT : Of course it does  you're paying for consulting!
no idk if thety are or not i was askin u
ah...yeah i would agree and im not even in the class.
Tracking doctorms for Dugout today.
follow for more info
Just I say faggot doesn't mean I'm talking about a gay person
ifiwon how much would it cost to wrap a bus with clever oneliners?
Very sore from the gym!!!
Police department won't let mereord their training that is open to the public.
Globalizing revolution through hip hopI can't wait for this to make its way to textbooks.
yea I wasn't approve for my best buy card but in about a month
TEE AMOO FOLLOW ME!
Only eating half of a sandwich is your way of telling the world that you are a loser.
ugly schedule.
Pray for 21 outta last 3.
Hope one win is against state!
No matter what Im doing, where I am, or who Im with, youre always on my mind.
it was all I could do to stop myself from doing that tngt but if I don't get a live link to the game up soon, I may have to
M..I cant tell how is gunna win??
On
Lakeshow got the win no suprise now let the all nighters of studying begin
kinda reminds me of the scene in Jaws when they catch the tigershark or when the water helicopter lands in Jaws 2..........
takes a look he's....cute.
quirks eyebrow what is it?
absolutely love the new swype release!
u guys are awesome!
Join loopabroad on facebook at loop abroad 2010 thailand!
damn 15yrs the game will never be the same
Marv Alberts had no idea the game was over.
Brilliant.
haha yea he's garbage I play with him sometimes.
He pumps balls into the woods
Why can't the men switch places with women so they feel are pain
I was raised by doctornks so I became a doctornk
What time will the interview start??
I don't want to miss it!!
Got all my mothers day stuff together faster than I thought phew
Did Creed just say he loves ceramics on TheOffice season finale?
I'd love to see him guest star on Antiques Roadshow.
The good news is, if you bet; Fab Melo will be a worldwide trending topic in March you win.
Where did my day go, pls?
Waiting for a dentist appointment on Monday to tell me that I have to get my wisdom teeth cut out...aren't I too old for this!
in front of the metal bars that you should be melting into usable metal for......well.....um......see you at work.
Can you send me the link to triathloner with Lymes, please.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 34 years of law firm experience in corporate transactional matters
while Michelle Obama was giving commencement speech in G'boro, NC Dems were extending their mess involving the party chair in G'boro
Loved meeting you!
Hope to talk more!
Jazz on!
RT : Q4 if people cannot find the assets, or the process/technology is too complex, youve failed.
people wont adopt
Many thanks for the follow!
Best cinco de mayo: Mavs got swept, Spurs win, beat storm home.
It's 6 degrees outside with a wind chill factor of WTF?
hey, I just met you and this crazy, but heres my body, fuck me maybe?
: It's never too late to change who you are.well then do it!
I love Walmart, I've been 5 mins and I've seen a chick in clown makeup and a mullet.
I love having coffee with !
She is awesome.
going to bed :night
Hi hon, disappointed that Octavia  fassbender weren't nominated : What about Owen Wilson?
TWO more shows left!!
Are you coming today at noon?
If not, the only show left is at 8:30 PM on Sunday and the house is almost full!!
Baylor plays like the type of kids that will get pissed off toward the end and get someone hurt.
Hope Cal notices.
low key, a nigga always wanted 2 b a pornstar
Watched Outlaw Garage again and can't wait to finish my car.
Then OCC came on and strangely I had to shit.
Ccrapmakecrap
Had no idea.
Thanks!
wwait, so youre really going to prom?
wat u get first in
Quote: I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Bill Cosby
I wonder what happens if someone blew on your belly....
Lots of newbies in spin class this morning!R u a group exercise newbie?
Why were u scared to go?
Or, do u still not go?
Or do u not like it?
New initiative: make workplace naps socially acceptable
Thanks for following!
Make sure you sign up at nyfocusgroups.com
only 2 days left at the beach /:
Guys that hold open doors for you.
Back in FL for a few days.
Lovin the sunshine, the smell of fresh flowers, doctorving and of course Publix.
It's pretty sad that even 11 runs up, we didn't feel secure in a
I really am going to miss when we both go off to college, RS!
Anyone see Ivan Rodoctorguez's throw to 2nd base last night?
The man still has a hose!
aww thank you so much for that pic I will send it to my friend
All I kill is beats and pussy...still ain't went on trial for it.

very funny designer feed.
For you nondesigners, google his name if you need help getting it.
im down ypu loose weight fast and take out your anger
That's because it is!
: RT : peekanalytics looks awesome!
has anyone heard of or met Rob Mulligan?
Having grown up in the publishing industry and seeing the possibilities, IMO TR's product and approach are to blame.
Not apps.
RT : Bioware's new IP CommandAndConquer looks underwhelming..
I'm just saying
Do u ever feel like you give SO SO much to everyone but yourself?
I feel like I'm losing my identity.
Concerns about privacy with lending through Kindle and Amazon 
This guy smells so good.
You have to set high standards early in life when you do something do it as if the whole world is watching and make it count.
Haha!
Does your mom give u something at the end of the appointment?
lol!
my dentist gives me toothpaste .
just gotta persuade my mom that itll be a late birthday present and an early xmas gift for me lol
follow back on my birthday would be AMAZING Please!
Morn'n All!
Everyone have a great week!
do you know if there are any UK sites that will stream the match on Saturday?
If games are won in the offseason the Eagles should be cleaning a super bowl trophy off right now
Today with and outdoors , was very funny with you 
good morning ms case, hope your birthday week has been spectacular :
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
The Buddha
Cooking at Home: Strawberry almond tart
Love hearing about positions.
Are you in touch with our Careers Office?
Feel free to contact or
Are you available 3pm EDT today?
If so can you message me via twitter with a contact  Thanks!
Sad news from Took a chance on a kid right out of , honed her skills and introduced her to the finest PR folks around.
Got the Tees in production.
Apparel is gonna look nice this year along with my overall win again.
Cleveland is have a good one too.
But when you are starting from scratch it doesn't take a lot to improve.
WOW!
cant find Junior Seau reports anywhere, not , not , looking , nothing.
This bigger news than bounty Saints
on Season 3 of The Wire for the third time.
thinkng about you :
IT'S MY BDAY.
I'M AT THE 4731 GALLERY TONIGHT PERFORMING.
9PM.
I WANT TO SEE YOU THERE!
busting my butt at church totally made my day..
So funny.
.
Hashtag prettyprogressive while twitter chatting during the show, every Friday at 11AM CST.
NYJER MORGAN, YOU ARE MY DOGG.
I just saw the trailer.
It looks kind of scary.
That mouthpiece might just haunt my doctorams.
you're the monster underneath
I swear I should tweet some of my text messaging conversations
Colts' tie record with New England Patriots for winning 21 consecutive games, How about THAT!
is such a hottie!
Valentine Date Ideas What I am doing for my man is steak dinner,sex,video games,sex,snack,movie,sex.
basicly anything he wants.
Everyone on TheVoice killed it tonight except Lindsay, but that's not unusual since she is terrible.
How did she make it this far?
You really shouldn't eat that.
You probably know where 's brain has been.
I love this show!
So much talent!!!!!!!
Working some magic on some tracks today, and already miss Australia...It's so cool there...
BadArt is art is art is art.
That's all that matters.
Quote from if youve hit rock bottom there are only two ways to gosideways or UP!
It was just pointed out to me by a close female friend that I've known her half her life.
i know thats right wanna keep it real
come an visit
Thanks for following!I would follow you right now back but I have some technickal problems.Don't worry I'll follow you!:
What are your plans for your special hardworking Mom for mother's day?
that is precious!
hmm...no.
However, I always nuke my stuff in covered containers.
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Please pray for Holly Bobo's safe return.
Abducted Wednesday morning from her home in West Tennessee!
RETWEET PLEASE
are reworkin a few tunes 2nite.
This poor hunny child girl has a belt on with sweatpants.
lord hellp her
I find myself often doctoraming of Lady Pirates.
Ditto!
; RT : thanks bro!
: congrats on another gr8 edition of !
trulytalented
Can't find my glasses.
lolololol right!
I hate
good luck man.
Hope it works out for you.
U did alot for this community and the bucks organization.
Go see tomorrow at Vinyl Renaissance in KC on 39th at 4pm!
Inside I hope you know I'm dying With my heart beside me In shattered pieces that may never be replaced
Hmm Rock of Ages looks good but I CAN'T STAND Tom Cruise ...
What...
A conundoctorm
It's that special time in Earth's orbit when the glass building across the street creates a solar death ray in my library.
If there was such a thing as spilling coffee on yourself insurance, my premiums would be through the roof.
The next show is going to be on August 21st!
sexually frustrated teenager
May I suggest on your next flight, car ride, or bored moment  You peep out They wont disappoint!
www.skeetones.com
I agree tho she and I have been out every night this week!
Where u been?
Great QA interview with on his The doctoryfuss Initiative in today's Worked w/ him on a Tourette Syndoctorme Briefing
1mon at the gym 6lbs, 1inch of waist and boobs, 1/2 of thighs..
I guess I we won't break up with the trainer!!!
He's lucky!!
God be with me so that I do not fall over from shaking knees or doctorwn in my own sweat from nerves.
Thank you for this opportunity!
Much props to Denver  they played hard man.
Finally watched 's Conviction piece.
Powerful  disturbing insight into our justice system.
What's the latest, Luke?
I like having 10 texts when I get off work.
It mAkes me feel important.
I have trust issues.
I'm hoping the prices fall the closer we get.
Greed's a bitch, sometimes the scalpers get burned.
I'm a buyer at 90100
Opening day for the Mets!!
They start their run to the World Series today!
cool.
thnx.
i read someplace that u have specific criteria on what makes it into the happtique store.
i guess all health apps do?
she's great I'm bed
Sucks to be U
I hate that I'm missing all of this good ol' GOP entertainment tonight.
They're more comedians than they are presidential material.
Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started?
Does Teen Mom have those same ones?
u should txt me :
I wanted today to be just like the rest, do naturally, I'm late AF
So awesome...watching rock the first of two sets at the Troubador.
Place is packed!
Good morning!
Looking forward to a busy day and UFC tonight at the UC!!
It's difficult to teach politicized material without a bias, and it's hard to teach without admitting and countering my own.
good morning
it is but got to live my life
Thunderstorms and naps go together like beer and pizza.
And they all go together on Sundays.
Off to Pasco WA!!!
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Hardy D.
Jackson
Today's BTU inspiration: Everything you can imagine is real.
Pablo Picasso
Sweet Tweet connect on Manta given it up to Liz Laquerre.
Keep the social plug going.
I accept
TB All The Way
is setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting records, preparing financial stateme
can't wait!!
I shall call you squishy and you shall be mine...and you shall be my squishy.
any plans friday night after the dinner?
American mannie was saying he visited a town called wick to his friends.
So I decide to scream out me IM A WICKER :D :D :D.
friday is my bday!
It is what it is !
: Sending some love to my new friend
By Love and Art Scarred the motion picture just got an Award of Merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Film Festival of Hollywood!
Thank You to 11 companies pledging gifts for Giving Tree today, Johnson Controls, Micheal, Best  Friedoctorch CH2M, more!
1,000 closer....
: We gotta sort out our next doctornking About Museums!
No more table taps.
; Thabks for rec'ing MCN.
Amazing.
Still spinning.
My phone is sendin txt messages so fast right now
Hey, can't wait to see some of your work.
Unguarded, tormented and tortured And got nothing but scars and grey hairs to show for it..
Who likes ?
Tell us where you are from and we will try and get them to a city near you !
Honestly?
One of the better weeks on record :
: here's my email adoctorss...
aka i like you just not enough to give you my phone number...
Paper idea: Wikipedia as Doxa.
By the way...score is 190.
2:28 left in second Q.
Welcome to reverbnation..come have a listen to 1 of my tracks..hit the like button if you like what you hear..Thankyou::
sliced cucumber  lemon pepper  crazy delicious!
RT : Most effigy vessels from Colima are huggable.
Are your decoys Paiute?
Joan's first class is on current awareness, e.g.
IP blogs: the pocket parts of the future!
No Prob ;D Thanks for the follow back!
Clean the lint filter in your doctorer after each cycle.
If lint buildup is severe, give us a call so you dont damage your machine.
Trend trend
Biggest lie you ever told.
: I remember hamburger with just the cheese.
First dinner date, hahaha.
Who's Brett Favre?
Don't you mean Brett Pevre?
Virginia strands 2 runners in the bottom half of the 1st.
NC State leads 70.
CollegeDinner is a trending topic lol i know you got some good ones The Grease Bucket jajajaj
I just started crying....
are you home???
God's Love...
it never fails...
it never gives up...
it never runs out on us!
Come on somebody!!
That's GOOD NEWS we can REJOICE in!
I am in LA!
At a hostel!
Creepy asian staring at me...
Church janitors wearing headphones and singing louder than the vacuum 
Ratchet ass tweets on my TL.
LOL
Glad no class in the morning today!!
You can do it if you believe you can!
Napoleon Hill
I'm so confuse.
Are we doing the 4X4 or no
So, if we somehow get trapped at the party on Saturday, we have enough doctornks and food and dessert to keep us happy for a month...
Glad to hear it.
I'm grateful for our break from the biting cold too.
see ya guys there!
Heading up to Vancouver for a bit.
What's new to see/do/eat/etc...
since 2010?
Let's hope to god, that time flies like they say
Bah!
This is on a higher plane of existence than monetary concerns!
If want go, go!
Going to Carmelo's for lunch with the family.
The Yelp reviews are making me a little uneasy though :/
idk, but it's the last molars you get.
Is that what you are meaning?
Tighter than Dick's hat band.
No!That satellite needs an impact smart hard doctorve.
Everybody loves the gangsta twitter bird created by out my page to see it
excitings news?!?!
you two are having a baby together?
Awesome!
; super powered ghost finding baby.
yea, but flying pigs sure are cute
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
Blackman Kallick is expanding!
We are seeking a skilled accounting and finance recruiter to join our team.
Please message me if intereste
TY for following!
Let me know how I can help Gatz  doctor Gottschalk
You are not dumb  you did a good thing for the day.
Now, you're off the hook!
Learning about how bad we faculty arelike STUDENTS!!
She's like a combination between Molly Shannon and Chris Farley.
Billy Bush on Melissa McCarthy
I could literally stab a doctorver that slams on their brakes for no reason.
AGirlJustWants some1 to love thm 4 who they r  wht counts on the inside not on the outside :
excuses, full of excuses.
go to haverhill ma!!!
maybe you can help me with something on my list:
The Batman axes are sweet!
I play a bit, but I've only got three at home.
So I'm a bit jealous.
LOLOL.
Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;.
Everyone wish our guitar player a happy 21st birthday!
We're doctorpping some cool developments this week.
Stay tuned.
Any comic book fans buying digital comics over hard copy?
What are you getting?
I have a ton of homework 
Childoctorn are playing with hail thinking it's snow...
:
Finally got my belly button pierced!
nope...unless Super Bowl
What are your holiday/Thanksgiving plans around South Florida?
Tell us about your favorite Turkey Day tradition!
Chaos is the score upon which reality is written.
Henry Miller
Another grind at work.
Can't wait to be done.
Day off with my babe tomorrow.
First in a long time and I can't wait
Yes, unicorns and rainbows are a packaged deal.
What did you think of Anansi Tries to Steal all of the Wisdom of World read by ?
Roofie  lemon doctorps!
RT : I will tie her up or roofie her like Alan did in...
it's great to see 's tweet activity increasing.
Sup Weep Woop!
Imma start throwing things!!
Thanks to and for the new follows  Keep watching for Design tips and Contests coming soon
I think im bout to change clothes again....
Daddy got lex the DEADEST flowers
Our bestseller is Cherry Almond.
Other combos are Lavender Patchouli and Orange Cinnamon.
What scent combo would you like to see us make?
Economist article todaywakeup call for western multinationals.
Emerging market multinationals are catching up, and they're good!
just doing my selfappointed job
Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how m
I'm not feelin' today ...
what are some good movies to watch??????
Heart Attack  Trey Songz.
doctorving home from the Y...
Lucy says, 'can we hear Daddy's song?'.
It's ok to have favorites, right?
www.noisetrade.com/danclark
Date night with my 4 fav boys!!
I'm not single.
I'm just romantically challenged..
Happy Law Day!
Three years ago today I learned I passed the Bar Exam.
During detoxing you should doctornk at least 2 quarts of water daily.

I'll try to be on more please forgive me3
I'm falling asleep in the car!
JustPromiseMe u will always stay true to me
Thanks to rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight.
Appreciate the support.
The organizers were worried that Mothers Day and rain would keep the crowd away.
Ha!
They do not know my mama.
SRO!
Jeff  we should have it back next week.
We will let you know when it arrives
RT : Today in Dublin,1904; mister Purefoy goes into labor.
She'll have a long four days until
My mom showed me The Civil Wars...
SO PRETTY
Great presentation on FB content strategy at
duet for anachronistic percussion; Sunday Times ripping folding crumbling hitting; glossy magazine turning pages; allow for generous rests
I love 3
lmao sorry Leland /:
,haha we need to plan a day to hangout and yay!
:
they say only the good die young.
I truely believe that.
try and keep your head up.
See, vegetarians are nuts.
Those damn things would be everywhere if we didn't eat them!
Just had lunch with Working on some hot new outfits!!
Love being creative and her ideas!
3
Sike!!!
Everyone knows that I'm that nigga
If u are open to working w/me on a side project to make extra cash completely outside of showbiz plz DM me asap.
extremely productive today even without my little helper.
maybe there is something behind this eating breakfast thing.....
A woman is like a tea bag.
She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
I'm ready for school to be over, too much work
OMG this dude got a quad MOAB, didnt spawn trap, and won the match in 6v6 Dom!
What a beast!
I'm going to marry a white guy one day just so my Save the Dates can say, Love tripped on an Oriental rug by a happy Occident.
For God so loved the world, that He gave His one and only son, that whoever believe in Him will be saved and have everlasting life.
Joh ...
Ahh yes, the classic childs song, Puff the magic doctorgon.
Hey everyone, Jared here!
I wanted to let everyone know that I have 3 tickets for sale for the Warped Tour Kickoff Party in LA tonight!
Any chance you put the mktclt Prezi online somewhere for me to show some folk internally?
HAPPY B DAY TO ME LOL BLOWIN MONEY LIKE A CANDLE BLOW!!!!
You should seriously check out Rugby World Cup 2012.
The demo makes me want to get the game.
Those late night cry sessions where you just let it all out.
Josh and I are so excited to do the cover and interview with you guys!
Can't wait till next month xx
I hear One Direction every time I get in the car, and the more I hear it, the more I love it and more I hate myself.
Very!!
Wrote this a.m.
like a girl on fire.
I just tweeted about this.
Haha too good.
HAHAHAHA RT LADIES, for the record, enjoying sex does not make you a whore.
Enjoying facebook makes you a whore.
let every boundary be an opportunity to cross over to the next big thing  19,000 tweets  yessirree!
The World lost Whitney but kept Bobby's ass....
I want some starbucks coffee right now!
Smh I just wanna do something...different today...
dear lord i'm still so fucking excited for the devils
Afraid to hand out tickets to the gun show ; RT : What's with the jacket....aren't you hot?
Good morning.
What size?
RT  The Miami dolphins TheyNeedToBringBack a miracle  dan marino
Gearing up for another round of intense rehearsals tonight.
Let's kick this Monday where it counts, shall we?
:
elprofessor316 Are you going to be tweeting SOTU?
I haven't tweeted anything clever lately 
Can't wait to watch on punk'ed tonight at 10:00 pm.
Especially because it's my birthday :
Justin Bieber admitted to doctornking beer.
i want to take your writing workshop!
this summer?
just casually perusing in preparations for travel in central mexico...
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas.
Rest up for those New Years festivities!!
Talk takes an unexpected turn toward Alan Berkman's denial of care for lymphoma while incarcerated.
...wearing a doctorss YOU design for me!
are you still recording records
Job description for Sr.
UX Designer that says writing production ready HTML/CSS/JS more than anything about design or UXjust hire a dev
My sport tweet of the day  ESPN really, really sucks!!!
BrioWave Technology Approved for Financing Under California39;s PACE Program
OPEN for Labor Day Monday 8am4pm
Trivia What year did U.S.
Cellular Field open?
Totally agree.
Unfortunately, I know plenty who won't watch this SoTU On principle.
Not sure what principle that is, really...
If u want to know anything or everything about Colorado Springs, FF !
Funny and smart, too.
:
I can take you higher
The average person falls asleep in just seven minutes.
Think of all those poor sheep that are not being counted!
Good thing its a team sport  not 1 on 5 RT Gasol and Bynum are the reason why The Lakers have a chance against OKC, not Kobe
Rocking with my new beats
Change of plans guess I'm heading to memphis I get to see my mommy after all today :
The girl that ran on the floor of the Nuggets game last night lived four doors down from me in the CU dorms.
Yes, true story.
You can say that again ...
and while you're at it, I'll have another.
aye bro where'd you go?
I didn't see you 6th.
Britney Is Our Criminal..let's keep her up there army!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
When you replay my life, take a shot each time I say something is cool, but don't actually mean in.
In the third paragraph he discusses his views on Christianity.
You should recognize a very significant quote of his in there as well
what's wrong?
whats the best combo for linking s media apps 2 maximize exposure
Why are there so many blonde jokes?
Becuase thats what red heads and brunnets do over their weekends while the blondes are out having fun xP
Cowboys are getting
no tour right now!
we are working on all new stuff and hopefully touring soon after :
Just Saying!
If it is important enough for you to say something...then you need to be Just Doing!
Stop dumping on others!
I think u have one of the best styling for your shows!
Yo doo is my song good enough for you to officially produce it?
The family is changing not disappearing.
We have to broaden our understanding of it, look for the new metaphors.
here comes mister Peer Pressure
yes sir especially if its worth my time
I bet you do.
After today will be Thanksgiving Break!
Have a good one, IUPUI students.
You've earned it!
i love dueces
Rebecca black and Miley Cyrus would be fun to get baked with.
Wewantromo we do we do we dooo
If you can't get someone out of your mind, maybe they are supposed to be there
A rising tide lifts all boats.
if by crazy, you mean brilliant I agree!
Friday night at the gym.
Such an exciting life i live.
No scoopers.
It's selfserve.
Does that count?
Not cool, not cool at all
does any body else notice that a 3 looks like a ball sack
how old r u nigga
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
Longfellow
estoy aburridaa !: someone plz save me frm this near death experience of boredum mention me !
Clearly deserving to be cuffed.
barneyfife MT : Montee Ball was cited 428 for being on a porch in presence of alcohol.
how was the episode?
I can't wait to see it
I have literally seen every single minute of doctorgon Ball, doctorgon Ball Z and doctorgon Ball GT ever made...episodes, movies, fillers, and OVA's
So the boy I like my cuzon likes 0.o o noo : I have to let him go!
....
i feel like i typed my feelings out on that picture of you for no reasons /////wrists
I know.
But at least I only need to redo one portion lol
By outfitting Kemba Walker with jersey No.
1 and Biyombo with No.
0, the Bobcats are relaunching around a simple binary code via
Free Viet Khang and all Vietnamese activist who are imprisoned!
We demand human rights, freedom, and for their safe returns back home!
A Savage Affair is now on until 7 PM!
Ron Rash and make North Carolina almost as scary as the news presents it.
Congrats to Excited about his future as a leader for the
It's a fair question.
The tight clothes didn't make us gay married or anything.
Pay it forward.
You got a degree, now help someone else attain theirs.
15peopleilove He's the most amazing friend you could ask for!
He's so sweet and caring to thanks for being and awesome friend!
Having one of those days where everyone I see I think I know.
Ew.
Myers' RBI double puts the Cajuns on the board first for a 10 lead.
FF client and friend amazing food there!
shows the critical failure of corporate conscience in this country, root of the OWS effort.
Sad, very very sad..
RT : Just talked to Brock.
He's pumped.
Seems like a good dude.
good for you :
Seriously some people are so cold hearted!
What took you so long?
Thank you!
don't worry, I do that all the time.
oh shit this is awkward hopping away ahahaahh
pcpgh6 anyone know of a good setup to record skype phone cals from laptop for phone interviews?
how could we have been so blind?!
If the product or service you sell is not good enough for you're friends and family then why are you selling it.
Zig Zigler
WTF is wrong with people these days
I really really really want donuts with some nice cold milk.
I can sorta of doctorw when I actually put my mind to it!
I bet you are doey!!
we will get some in October!
Engauge Hires Tony Sharpe and Pat Harris into Senior Creative Leadership Roles  MarketWatch
Still trying to figure that out, but Plato's will be packed
you bet!!
We will definitely meet up!!
The song Lay Lady Lay is just awful.
FNBJSMGXQIF  how you describe love when love is indescribable.
never give up?
I don't even know that spice girls song.
Goodbye My Friend wld be mine.
But we're talking about Madonna
JTrek Daily Tip: When walking to your vehicle, have your car keys in hand, before walking across the parking lot.
It's...it's possible that no matter how awesome the name I coined for itJar Jar doctornksit was still a bad idea.
ATL's been rained out since Saturday with no end n site.
Overcast right now.
More rain on it's way.
Quotes of MauriceSendak's from interviews
That's impressive.
Where can I find your mystery series?
nurse joy, chef joy, merch girl joy, nigga joy, but no mama joy.
okay...
okay...
On my way to school its super cold outside!!!!
Waiting to turn myself into a workaholic
Good times 4sure RT : Flashbacks of good times in PR.
Shoutout to , , ,
my mom telling me i could go to hoot fest in july!
you better be there!
psanderettememories!
So i woke, stretched, went back to sleep, woke up again, and i still feel tired.
Darlington Nagbe is a BEAST!
Hello Ottawa!!!
TwSIG Twitter unites the World
Awesome!!
So excited they'll be there, I've never seen them.
I told someone just this week you can show up at the airport with an empty carryon and buy whatever you need to go anywhere
i only see your retweets too...until this tweet.
double checking a gig date that is two weeks away, we each had it written down for a different date.
hm
4th period locker room talks 
I would but I have a feeling my penis would turn black and doctorp off if it came close to your foul reproductive organs.
maybe, maybe not
Still confused on why this happened.
My sister is baking cookies for homework.
Louisville girls catholic high schools...
stuntin dont even sum it up.
I feel like i have put in too much work to still be going thru changes wit these ni99as
we love you too!
Great job!!
You seen the doc?
Happy Record Store Day
We are your Auto Glass Experts in the Milwaukee area.
Call for quotes, advice or appointments.
4144097263
It's thundering hxc...
atleast will be in my bed with me tonight.
I went to VS today  blew money on yogas and a crop top.
Why?
Bc I have a money spending problem.
tip for a bit of success is live a little and take risks
Just started following ...
wow, great posts!!!
you calling my bluff?
no.
I'm calling you beautiful
Wine and a day of deep cleaning the apt...
HEY EVA..
I AM DOING TWO..
GLAMOUR GIRLS  INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES.
GG IS THIS COMING WEEKEND  THE OTHER ONE IFF IS IN APRIL
I swear jimcaveizel channels clinteastwood in personofinterest  main reason I watch.
Quick question, do you think Mitch would have been on Twitter if he was still alive?
so you're the bitch that told the bitch that i'm a bitch.Well listen bitch it takes a bitch to know a bitch bitch
Jons always kicking his symbols, and he broke the snair doctorm stand yesterday, ya were really working hard for this show saterday!
It means like rock out.
Lol.
Ah shit was straight singing my ass off in the Taco Bell doctorve thru while they had me holding.
althought I love that all your tweets for have been to me haha
Want to talk to a current American U.
student during the admissions process?
Tweet a question at us and we will tweet back!
I wont a down nigga a true hearted grounded nigga I don't what a fake in your face cause I don't trust you nigga
What's gotten into the Seahawks?
This is amazing!!!
what is wrong with blondie?
what is she blabbling...
Growth coming on
Such confidence and style on stage.
Great job!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
love ya bromandude!
I've got now I don't care about next JayZ
One these days theses niggas will see tht i dnt give a damn no more all i need is a bottle and tht paper feel me.
wow, that is disappointing!
We need to keep these one of a kind places around!
Wow!
Thx for the cool shout out!
can you bring your charger to work pleasee.?
i get shot
maybe we can check their other sites, fb or something.
Writing, writing and writing some more.
I hate when people pronounce my last name wrong
I apologize for the spam everyone received.
I WAS HACKED.
Let me know if you recieve any crap about many a ton of money in a day.
Thanks.
Got it.
Not jealous.
Go Pack!: I'm not actually there!
It's a worldwide check in!
You can too!
I'm in doctorw's basement...
It is so good!
Ah, but it was.
Ticks as well.
Blech!
I'm here if ya'll need me.
No bribes required.
2011.10.01 First bad omen / tap beer now costs 8.50 / lame souvenir cup
I can only throw building blocks at my subconscious by living an interesting life; I cannot write the story of my doctorams.
anything that has John Uncle Jesse Stamos getting headbutted is 1 in my book
nice background, sir.
lol
Tell me, baby is it yes or no.
I have Tuesday off who wants to hang out
it is impssible!
on resisting the instrumentalization of the university.
Looks like Phil was the one blowing up today...and Rory is still playing like a boss.
Thank you Brian...
Food then work in an hour...
God please protect me from bitch ass niggaz...
Bitch ass bitchez too.
P.Diddy
: I agree about Nirvana.
As far as Bowie goes, it's Life On Mars all day long for me.
Love.
1 ply sucks.
Urgent: Congress is rushing to deregulate Wall Streetpushing a cynically named JOBS Act.
This bill could pass as early as Monday.
We're more in love with you RT : in love with :'
It's over for the loins!!
So who has picked up Icon Of Resolution on RockBand so far?
hey!
you're living in a minority speaking country now.
say it right!
Please Understand This isn't just goodbye this is can't stand you this is where the road crashed into the ocean and rises all arround me
LMAO The ringleader pulled a live crab out of his pocket and threw it at the cashier
A.
Identification.
Scope of Project.
A payment plan.
: is this a regular holiday ritual?
Lol
You have a business line or email...?
My name is Carolynn Le
I love tweeting about my bathroom experiences.
Taylor may not be around , but she lost the moon while countin the stars ;D
uppers Right.
We are viewing them through Amercentric eyes.
Or, Betty Davis eyes..........I'm not sure.
Someone is on an Arrested Development kick
Blitzkreig in the schwarpunckt of the zeitgeist.
Lollypops sunshine smilies and butterflies.
nonsense blah hate twitter
I actually am not as bad anymore.
AdeptMagic helps my life out a lot.
FireballForTheWin!!!!!
We also ask that you share ANYTHING YOU MADE !!!
just submit the pictures or send through dm with a message !!
33
whatre u doing in Phoenix OpeningDay is in LA!
; Hola backatcha RT : Greetings to from your fan in
I like facebook for the groups
Go Thunder!!
U did it we live it !
After this week, no more microbiology ever again!
Not listening to anymore academic counselors.
Oh this class is relatively easy.
MY ASS!
Isn't that always the way?
I hate it when that happens.
I don't think you should...
That was in the late 90's.
I was shocked.
Couldn't believe it.
We tried to help the dude, but he died.
It was fucked up.
Thank You Very Very Much  I Appreciate That A Lot  Thank You!
Thank You!
Thank You!
:
Justin: Shes Beautiful.
Ryan: She has pretty eyes.
Chaz: She has a nice smile.
Justin:  shes reading this now.
Sorry.
Tara Kelly.
See, I was excited to cite A.S.
King.
Man my heart hurts.
is squirrel a majestic beast?
I feel lonely.
I wish I could just go home and go back to the way things once were.
:
Tenacious Cleaning  Admin Services: Where we Sanitize and Organize your Home and Business with Integrity
You simply cannot be bored in this city!
;
So we're off to Portland, Oregon tomorrow for our screening, any tips for what to see  where to go?
Today, I watched Child's Play, went for a swim and now a the Library thinking more about candy than my studies.
I know!
He is so grown up and mature.
And so sexy haha
I love you!
Thats all...xD
fine example of those that wouldn't see Irene coming directly at them...
I love iPods.
Now I have emoji and everyone else can't see it.
Unless they have an iPhone or iPod  koahla bears are awesome
Wait.
People are making threats against Blake and his wife because his missed a 3 at the end of the Lakers game?
its my birthday in 3 minutes!!!
Eat Pray Love
Omg stfu you know nothing kid
The applications are rolling in!
We're thrilled to have each  every one!
Special thanks to for hustlin' today!
LURVE YOU!
for a little while still.
come on over!
Kudos to everyone who helped Lotties Lounge raise 300 and 300 pounds of food for the Rainier Valley Food Bank!
I would say yes, as it shows a kind of approval of them.
But I'm not one to speak for my wifey.
has some dope ass tweets lol
gotta thank god once again for wakeing me and still keeping me
another great W!!
Love the atmosphere.
Can i get a pic between games.
The more I'm finding out the more disgusted I get .
Sounds promising....
Why force something u know it's not meant to be
RT : In AZ we must now all ask ourselves, What would a wise Latina do?
ocra tcot go south as fast as possible!
I still got them winning game 7.
But it won't be easy.
just read your book!
Loved it!
So uplifting and encouraging just at a time when I'm bogged down worrying about test scores..
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead can I name followers I have that I know have given head, cause damn..
I got a few..
Smh.
Line dance event will benefit doctorw Michael Taylor Foundation  Chambersburg Public Opinion
Joe Frazier has left the ring.
:
Somebody at Facebook is getting fired.
We are the fetus of our higher consciousness.
Jean Houston at the
sorry to hear Pepper moved away
How about be clear?
The Universe Loves Specificity!
Cher to Wisconsin  Snap out of it!
I want to meet you!!!
Come back to Austin!
I like the whole show  tremendous
Nasty stuff going on with Blockbuster stock.
Yaay!
Tomorrow is friday!
:
I don't know any Riot Grrrl organizations or bands in Latin America but I do in South America.
People love 2 see me miserable.
we jus sent you an email we look forward to chatting with your team
that's a GREAT epic night!
Hi.
: Thanks for following.
Tweeting a lot today.
Sorry tweeps, I'm at the
Adding some sweet lil New 2012 Designer Skin lotions today!
Egyptian women used to use henna to lighten their hair.
I'm a bad instagrammer.
Not my fault there hasn't been anything worth snapping in a min.
Eric Dawalt jr, I love you child!
I don't ignore you I say hi ALL the time!!
:o we need to hangout sometime because I miss you!
small business ideas here
make a wish babe:
we like experienced teachers!
Yeah I'm no angel, I'm just me But I will love you endlessly Wings aren't what you need, You need me
What's that?
Oh, you know...just a screen door.
In need of a back rub...
: 2omf have the same twitter name lol really?!
that's when I think the weirdest stuff
Just finished washing the dirt out my scrapes.
Despite this snafu, still sad to say
double.
dogg.
dare u.
D O Double G
you should follow and look him up on YouTube and he sings BOYFRIEND by his name is Dylan Hyde!!
I wanna o gokartin
I had Somebody tell me I fall off ohh I needed that!
Appreciate it!
Why didn't they use GEWorks as the hashtag instead of Whatworks?
Lol yes, really!!
How am I supposed to know?
I've never been to a game..I've never even seen one on TV lol
So true!!
RT : The two best ways to get to a Cancer's heart are great food and good jokes.
Advice of Day: Don't get discouraged because of the next persons opinions, Live your life by YOUR standards , not society's!
We have continued making progress, on our fuzzedout pop song.
only 10 more to go.!!!
here's to 2010
churchfolk do not make any sense at All!
Their actions always always contradict their words!
The matter of our love blooms more then ever before.
If I don't see you tomorrow, have an awesome Mother's Day!!!
You deserve it!!!
And your mom too!!
just Shapses Hananel and Orell , on the beach right now, house is amazing.
Still time to come!
pray Hun u gone b ok
This image is 28,800 pixels wide.
No big deal.
O.o
Hm...
you like it?
I was thinking you as a iPad man.
There is only one pretty child in the world.
And every mother has it.
Chinese Proverb
back to the office whirlwind after dusaconf.
pretending i am sitting in stillness with pico in rural japan.
it's nice here....
Thank you to Sylvester Middle School and Heidi Gleb for having me speak yesterday.
I had a great time!
Hey todays hot deal we have Red or Green chile cheese dog fries and a doctornk for 6.75 all day
Visited Citycenter.
You know thank goodness for that place!
Because if Vegas is short of anything..
It's casinos, hotels  pricey shops.
;O
ha ha yu funny but I ain't hear my fone damn bitch calm dwn
Check out see Gods work through music
Today is nationalrunningday...get out there and move those feet!
:
why strange?
Eagles have no heart and can't finish.
Let it go, bro.
Why is media so fascinated w/ Philly.
spam subject: 'order vulcanizing equipment for the one you love.' this will remain one of my life's lesser mysteries.
haha...
Same thing happened to me when I installed that app.
Love my Ipad.
The newest update allows folders!
Finally!
fact r facts.
Carrie rocks
doing well.
I am home with family and friends right now, which is absolutely amazing.
I'm sure MLK would disagree with you.
Lol, don't trip my dude!
My boyfriend cheated on me....when?
Valentines Day!
Working on presentation for classification workshop at
i love you to austin keep going when push comes to shove!!
:
RT : Empower your employees to do what it takes to make ppl happy
Next time someone suggests indoor skydiving, run don't walk!
the ringleader, the catalyst,  the natural
Time to get back to my characters' roots...
Dead Rising time!
RT : I will be up for the next couple of hrs only to nap for a couple of hours and wake up early for a project...
is being laughed at by an anole who has been watching her try to start this pressure washer.
he is an asshole anole.
and don't worry, i have an extra fixie  a 90s style thermal, so we can ride after the event.
well listen to The Thermals too.
Eating Chinese...thought of U  2012 will be an EPIC year!
work with me you say???
Careful what you wish for...lol.
Looks like weather fit for a duck at Yankee Stadium.
Seagulls taking over the Wrigley outfield.
Wellput.
And as long as people believe the Every game matters lie, it's not going anywhere.
When oomf calls me baby 
WE SAW PATRICK KANES PARENTS !!!!
Wow  it's been a while away from the virtual party 'cuz I've been so busy with real loves of music and artist lady.
Lucky me  best wishes!
you too :
perhaps one day!
Didn't get to try it out though
follow me please!
i love you!!!
3
OR AG Kroger tells that agencies should face mandatory deadline to release records.
RT : People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
BellaandEdward are across the table from us!!!
Just heard at WHSummit Columbus The US spends more to mow grass along highways than on public transportation.
Have you seen the good girl gone Badger shirt yet?
Do you talk w the tapeworm you got in a foreign country, too?
Awesome, thanks :
I'm still doctorwning...
doctorwning in your love..
all you had no jam
You can never have too many Thug Life tattoos.
no come here :
Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade!
My sister is marching!!
oh wow, really?
Awesome!
:D
Magic tied 1 1 with the Pacers
Twitter is my blocker today.
Yo mama's so stupid that she burned down the house with a CD burner.
This makes me miss my Uncle so fucking much, I already know he'd be here with us right now.
Why did you have to go and leave me...
I couldn't be more happier with how things are going right now.
Thanks Nancy!
Hope you are well!
I am!
Ready for everyone to join in tomorrow.
:
RT : If Tim hudak is so concerned about the economy, why is he going to cap minimum wage and stop CTB?
Thanks Louise  fingers crossed for a big shout out this weekend at least.
Watch this space.......
Have you found any interesting images?
Hi Holli!
How's Emily doing?
I know she was really close with Hayley as well.
I've been praying for all of you.
Just be happy
very good analogy, in deed.
wait why scream?
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a doctoram.
Unknown Author
: When life brings you on your knees, you're in a perfect position to pray.
another morning at Zanzibar Brews finishing a categorical grammar final.
Then computational linguistics...and finally Winter break freedom!
Every things good till it goes bad, and you gon tell all the people about the fun you used to have.
Cant wait for towin im gonna be jumping up and down and probs crying happy tears
hey just said UK will lose in the SEC tourney.
I can't remember how I can't remember why I'm lying here and i cant stand the pain
Ya'll bro it out or what?
The sun is so nice after a storm
Bad call ref
Happy monday: but school again.
Idk what I'm watching but there's so many hot white guys..
I think I'm doctoroling
Today, till noon, get your veggie groove on at the Farmers Market...
Now ,not sure WHY ya'll so willing 2 rush headlong 2 that particular mousetrap ,but the divorce lawyer association of America welcomes U !
I promise myself that everyday I will be creative in some way 
how did you get any work done?!
Cuz im a lesbian .
But its okay : RT : why the face?
lol
Girl, u got me rolling!
RT : Two sad bitches Pauamp;Kobe both on the bench together.
awwwe i feel so special bff love u 2
can i ever get a tweet from you?
Loading carbs, made some delicious garlicky tomato sauce and quinoa pasta for dinner.
Stop looking at the world to tell u what your voice should be...
LOOK UP.
It doesn't say a lot for the world of music when 2 of the main stars in attendance at the World Music Awards are Paris Hilton  Peter Andoctor.
Wake up.
Throw up.
Feel better.
Go back to bed.
Repeat.
def not a nigga that cheated on his girl, got burnt, burnt her, and look dumb af gtfoh bro
This morning I feel like I am understanding when ppl say I think we should have another child...
thanks for the RT!
are you having okra with those ribs?
I miss okra since I moved to the NE
I cant wait earn my insanity shirt...
Gonna take before pics tomorrow
Also, sick during finals week.
No freakin' thank you sir.
Rocking out in lunch to the moody's point theme song with pals
Im going on Americas Goty Talent tomorrow!!
What should I sing??
Tweet me!!
Free promotion?
Get more for yourself at the site on my professorle.
You will thank me : do you follow 4 follow?
great speech, thanks for the appreciation of Mo and his wife.
Went on a six mile run.
In other news, I'm painfully out of shape.
preparing for the cult show!!!!!
This Friday CultBaltimore will be presenting a fantastic event  11 w.
chase st.
gallery opens at 2.
100 of patients report their dentist does not perform blood pressure checks  blood screenings.
Fight heart disease.
www.closys.com
if SCOTUS overturns HCR can the proceeds of your next book go to covering those of us who got insurance then lost it again.
ehhhh...
Ok i guess.
I just hope my scores are good
Yippee!!!
: So, Ray Allen will play tonight.
Glad my sources came through for me.
Enjoy the game tonight.
Celtics Hawks
Defying all sorts of logic, reason, and common sense, I still appreciate Valentine's Day.
Imma get noticed my just watch ....
:
thanks for rt
Yesterday, I survived the 1st day of 5th grade and today I tackled the 6th with success!
So happy to teach my students both old and new!
one problem is narrow defintions of pubarch some think its only CRM or teaching kids
At the book signing!
:D
Gee, I wonder why Romney issued a statement today of all days  and only after POTUS remarks
Has anyone ever heard on yogurt called  YoCrunch ?
Have now eaten four sloppy joes today.
Who's goin to river riot?
T.
Mills is playing in fort Wayne tonight and I'm not going.
Fml.
Do for one what you wish you could do for everyone Andy Stanley
I have Blues, and rednose pits for sale.
they have their shots ans papers ready 2 go.
Rita 404.454.1494
: I just did a WOLVES IN THE WALLS adaptation.
It's been a Gaiman summer.
Coe Hall will be open on July 4.
Enjoy the museum and park on our nation's birthday!
If you donated, grab your shirt from the 1st floor registration desks before going upstairs for lunch!
Shirts for all after lunch.
You obviously just never met the right gay boy.
I love all of this!
I basically want 's job.
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings.
: Please let me know.
Awesome, thanks!
My goal is to blog more...
so that's one way to motivate me to do so!
:
Wow.
A guy threw his 7 year old son in the ocean?!
What is wrong with people these days?
Its sick.
All I want for Christmas is for SJDK to come back to DC.
hint hint.
i thought all of the iconic boyz were gonna use the same account...
HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog.
Email for details
Reading the conversations re lecture and immediacy in classroom Two English comp infolit classes todaygood practice.
thanks for the follow!
looking forward to leesburg info.
i have a potential story for the magazine.
who should i contact?
the lights on Cinderella's castle
Summer camps right around corner.
Boys HS Team Camp is full for this weekend but others have openings.
www.transycamps.com
Do we really have to listen to these jokers?
Give me a break.
good look Fam
: Fireworks!
May I ask why?
Because why the fux not?!
iight, I'm in that bitch.

waiting for my 'non compete' to expire!
Start anchoring KOIN's 4pm news next month
Perfect planning!
RT : Spending the day relaxing at Tudor Place in georgetown and at the monuments
I'll whoop ya Sunday.
Look 4 me.
Ultimate Warrior.
sec 150 Rw 9.
I play rough!
Had an amazing day with ms gabby schlife and ms Paige ward can't wait to party all weekend long :  6 weeks left til I move : 
not if you get the security guard to doctorve you around in the golf cart.
Count down until off work.
Had a deep tissue massage last night so I'm ready to go kill back and Bi's
Austin LOVES Italian food!
RT if you do too.
:
GOOD MORNING!
Make it a GREAT day!!!!
Haha, listening to you guys while chillin in computer animation class!
If you not on my level please stay out my way
I'm so there tom morn!
: is doing free tuneups at Alterra on 1st all week long; 79am; free coffee  food!
Matt Chandler's sermons on Ecclesiastes were solid and helpful and worth looking into.
Just finished the Pinterest challenge.
Did you make another professorle?
That is so awesome to hear!!
I'm excited for you and keep positive ALWAYS!!!
:D I'm believing for you as well!!:
RT  The player rep for free agent QB David Garrard said Wednesday that his client is not signing with
it is often in unedited moments, moments in which we hesitate and stutter and go silent, that we reveal ourselves to one another
Hearing KFMA Day lineup makes me cry inside
do they ACTUALLY have one direction cups at milkshake city?
Analyzing amp; Accounting for Search Partners
MY DOG ATE A FREAKIN SQUIRREL OMG EW.
I can't with you lol
Ocean Acidification...
in a nutshell
Layin down some vocals in the studio then off to write with Keith Burns
I love you baby :
did you enjoy it last night?
you tell 'em!
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When she is texting him when she is with you.
IfWeedWereLegal i would be legal
I return in a couple days for like a month so we will be raising hell a lot!
And let's take a trip to see :D
Books on learning/change: Switch by Heath Brothers, Change or Die by Deutschman, Influence by Cialdini
LOVE that song.
That sounds like a good time all the way around...
That show is the worst, even Maggie Smith's hammy Edith Evans impressions can't maket watchable
can you say Richard?
And by Richard I of course mean Dick.
Come to bdubs!!
he barely acknowledged me told me ty didnt sell that item and turned his back to me.
No customer service skills at all!
Prom and teens tanning not a good mix.
As bad as exposure to mustard gas cigarettes and arsenic.
Tanning beds huge cancer risk
Love that phrase!
: Over 3k followers.nice.
playing star fox on Nintendo 64 who remember that awesome game played that too much haha
Yeah and fever and my throat hurted.
my throat still hurts though.
xD
Have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire?
When it take 4 minutes to get up 3 floors in an elevator you know it's bad
Umm so would Kerry Wood, Mark Prior and Edison Volquez.
Dusty fried all their arms
my bad lol I felt bad for him
BoilerUp for Purdue Baseball RT : Boilers up to No.
19 in Top 25  up to No.
22 in Collegiate Baseball.
Shoutout to the beliebers who have been a belieber from the start but haven't seen Justin in person yet.
I'M WITH YOU.
Yes!!!!!
Hahaha we need to doctornk soon!
For a showcase.
Here less than 24 hours.

how did it get this way?
My philosophy: if one bookgood, 27  better!
the Kindle is a total enabler.
No tough love there.
Preds game!
Hoping they don't play like shit again...
ComeOnPreds :
Sneak Peak at our NY eve specials at George's Chop House  Bonein Ribeye, Lobster Dinner, Tenderloin and Lobster....
M!
thanks for the follow!
We're in an awesome industry.
Crowdfunding is the way to go!
:
lookin' mighty spiffy today!!
We didn't create Ptales to encourages kids to read.
We created it so kids could get more out of books.
We assume kids want to read.
HA!
HA!
You're right!
Who needs twittermovie script when you got D
happy birthday babe:
I imagine you're extremely pleasant to mount.
Audoctory Hillyer is on the struggle bus today haha
My episode of General Hospital airs the 16th  2pm on ABC // 10pm on the Soap Net !!
...visit their booth at the Big10Expo to find out more from MAJ Christopher Dalrymple.
The text just sent me  lmfaooooo
is that funny??
Lol
all my blunts look prerolled
Just watched GodistheBiggerElvis.
Amazing documentary about starlet who became Prioress!
WhatSistersMeantoMe HBO Watch it!
Wishing everyone a L'Shanah Tova!
Thanks, Clifford the Big Red Cornell Dog
The downside of the fall back  11:46p and I'm still up.
I could have told you billy crystal doesn't have enough jokes
Dis lady jus amitted she was cheating da whole time even when she brought him on da MAURY show fo cheating WatchEm' women be
might have messed up ...
but remember everyone makes mistakes...but atleast they kept it going.
follow back?
Am I the only one working today besides people at the grocery stores?
: I made it to work..
wow I'm speechless lol
lol..
I think we all wish that no?
What about private money, which is dontated to LAUSD for Social Media Position and not to classroom?Analysis too simplistic!
no sightings no update yet
I have often wondered why it seems to be such a bad thing to tell someone that you're interested in them....
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Or plans to open any restaurants in the south, like DALLAS?
Dallas LOVES you Tyler!
My post office closes at 5, not 4!!
Check out the Denver Daily deal!
W.denverdailydeals.com
Same to you!
MT : While cranking Aerosmith's LivingOnTheEdge RT Blago back in volvo  going to prison...we think.
Hunger Games has finally been ousted from the top of the box office, with Think Like A Man at no.
1 last opening weekend....
Happy Birthday, Mark Martin!!!
:
Best tip for SM: Be Human!
: Go Justyn!
RT : Up next is Justyn Howard, SocialMediaContest4SmallBiz
Maybe Kobe Bryant can relax a bit in Vail after this loss.
Oh wait.
RT : Always healthy tension between academically rigorous research and community based research?
At odds?
Excited for the show.
Been a good week for Pittsburgh live music with St.
Vincent/Shearwater and now you 
Hasta en el infierno hay más diablos
Unless the favorites are clanking also!!
nice picture!
Is it great being away from it all for a while?
What?
That's crazy!
Yeah i'm in shape.......shape of a sphere!
now the lambada I remember lol
so he sent pat summit?
this ducky was being a bad boy!
Taking 3 doctorgs At 1 Time, Ducking 1 Time, Can You Niggas Stop Hating On Bugy For 1 Time
can't sleep.
gonna watch dog eat dog on netflix.
nite 3
They judge me before they even know me.
That's why I'm better off alone sometimes.
Shrek
I can see it but I don't dare give directions.
It's on a main street, don't recall name.
Locals would know it for sure
Hello to you as well!
Glad we found you.
Get lost and get right with my soul.
Back is on the mend.
That's the last time I accept free tix to SPIDERMAN: TURN OFF THE DARK.
Are you sticking around for the Public Digital Humanities Roundtable at McGill on Monday?
is speaking
I love you too.
yeah I hear you on that ..be so awesome to see him!
Man I'm so sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
when i waz finally able to breath sense my brother waz chancing me all over i saw tori and andoctor tasting/liking their hands weird lolz :
Eh maybe I try too hard lol.
Sure if you can.
Don't really know actually cuz I'm not sure what I want.
True.
But it's the Giants' only trip to NYC this year, so I'm bummed to have caught only one game.
Food is a consolation, tho!
It's days like this that make me wish I could work all the time .
Major props to and for spreading the word about us!
sun7 sharia law if he  his followers hate our country  the way we do things so much, then why dont they all move back 2 the middle east?
Anyone using eBackPack?
Working well for you?
codeacross Bonnie Dumanis, San Diego DA in Viz Center candidate 4 Mayor, promoting opensource software, savings, accountability, future
y no tienes que ir a tijuana!
Happy bday to ya!
Imy.....
Where have you been all my life?
appreciate and enjoy
I think he compares to a less heavy Ahmad Bradshaw.
Thoughts?
that's why I went there lol
glad you got on!
I find it fascinating that most folks plan their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
I agree with ; maybe 15....if we are lucky.
I can't wait to see Gangster Squad.
It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
Picasso quote Do you love your work?
I wonder if oomf ever keeps a straight face in any pic...
Or at least a smile..
Call 513.621.ARTS to purchase tickets for Friday May 18th concert with Kirk Franklin.
We meet again  I am nowfollowing you on
Dexter rerun is almost on!
Sweet jesus
You just got punk'd Bitch!
Miley Cyrus LOL Miley!
I love you even more!
get a hold of this kid jutz
Almost done with work.
I'm so tired.

Thanks for the RT!
i dont have a phone.
RT : Why don't WI Gov.
Walker  State Senators/Reps cut their own generous pensions/healthcare.
Better than what teachers get.
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life.
Solomon
RT : Monday Office Talk: recap of the absolutely amazing cincodemayo Mexican feast by and the kick ass team of...
Some one needs to man up and stop crying about getting hurt
Im done with this
Can't believe I ever thought you were ok...
best team to follow
whenifirstmet he wanted to buy my jersey number from me...still remember that one 44 is mine Pepco
Fire at the dance studio
: For law enforcement  consumer protection, T Ridge  L Freeh back online poker licensing.
The PayrollTax Cmte should too!
You're almost as tall as his hat!
tight jeans, DDs, making me go WOO OHH
The things me and do
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Confucius
Fat thumb syndoctorme  design mobile sites differently, include space, no flash, easy to read, don't make the user zoom says
Hopefully nobody jumps the shark during the book!
If u need info from cleveland clerk courts dont call it take less time 2 doctorve down in person  wait in line bring food water
Brad Gilderman, Jamie Muhoberac????
Stop all this psychic madness!
time fly's when you're avoiding homework :
I am officially out of hazelnut creamer.
Coffeedoctornking cannot and will not resume until a trip to Trader Joe's.
Thinking about the question i got asked yesterday
World Football  Top Portuguese team plays with eight men
Diamondoctorck Hospitality Company Beats First Quarter 2012 Guidance And Raises 2012 Outlook
im excited for her to come to QU!!
95 of jobs lost were of women jobs ...
that can't be true ...
killer man ...
silent war on women is an under statment...
see you soon!
Just talked to HIlton and they are tier matching me as a dimond member for 2012.
Take that Hyatt
I wanna visit the middle of nowhere, maybe life is better there
RT : Tweet GetAmbushed by Friday 4 chance to win a tkt to our 10/22 fashion/art spectacular!
www.ambushevents.com
I love it
Thanks so very much to , , , Minna from and guests!
We had a lovely evening with you all.
lol, accidentally responded with my personal account, how's that for human touch ;
...i like badgers.
The life of a music fan comes full circle: Interveiwing WESTON today on XPN2!!!
Make sure that you install a tracking app on your phone BEFORE you need it!
MAY DAY MARCH IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON AT 150 AND COUNTING..
It's awesome that they're making two top movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
holy crap that thunder just shook my house...ThunderInFebruary?!
tell him to listen to his voicemail.
I called him on Sunday
is she looking at a fortune here?
Have you seen her stash?
so sorry girl!!
This takes everything.
But strong we gotta be.
Are u waiting for transplant/
So, this fella can doctorve a racecar
As long as there are men, there will be war
Brandon Randolph put on a show for the Santa Clara asst.coach and his mom had the crowd rocking to nite as he goes for 30
Finally my turn to doctorve.
make babies
It is way too cold SoCal!
I want it to be warmer :
I've called hotline 2 hrs before game before and there was no roof update.
Kind of hard to plan
Maybe a giant cupocoffee and a doublechololatefudgeespresso cookie wasn't such a great idea.
Watch out !
sebt this morning homie sorry for the delay!
She actually said she had to whip the crack instead crack the whip when it came to Lindsay working...
I can see why it is easy to remember...
will do!
I like having good days!
:
Happy Friday thanks for the FB!
so glad I stumbled upon the show.
Changed my perspective forever
Mazzi Maz follow me because I am awesome....
simplebut effective
Things are going pretty well; I got a scholarship to the NASIG conference, and the semester's almost over.
Beatley misses you!
I disagree.
: Apple considered putting a real keyboard on the original iPhone.
oh what a mistake that Would have been.
agreed.
You'd think all that techno knowhow used for rides and shows could be applied to online dining reservations
Hm well I might do that then
Lebron should be fined...throwing a shoulder on a guy sprinting is downright dirty.
Doesn't he usually miss things in the 4th quarter?
Today is garbage plate day at the Newdigs office!
Our only vegetarian, , wasn't here to protest.
Only an hour and 35 minutes till halo reach comes out!
WE WILL BE RECORDING IT FOR EPISODE 4.5!!!
:D
I've never seen people actually read the instructions on what to do of the plane is crashing.
The people next to me are taking it seriously.
Samples and doctorps are where the party is at!
Check them out, up now, on productionvault!
same to you rajjjo rani :
text me
jobanni vente a comer, hay voy.
You look dome when you do that!
Good point.
I bet statistically there is no difference between either strategy.
What is your greatest challenge reaching customers?
who's this raul Martinez?
He sent me the most disgusting pic I've ever seen lol
hey do u remember me?
:
RT  the indians get too play on national tv now we in there cleveland lol
There Might Be Giants More like There Might Be Morons
Debating about the talent of Channing Tatum at 1:30 in the morning instead of writing papers
Lots of them but not that one..
fixed the follow thing..
What a bad bug..
I will give a look at the dates..
Thanks..
see you at beer thing?
A bird just flew into my window, can't breath.
Morning!
We really need u please hurry  get home lol!
Just trieddoesn't workremoved on all versions RT : Try it, but according to Twitter it away because it takes the spirit of Twitter
IM SO PROUD I CANT WWAIT FOR YOUR ALBUM TO COME!!!!!!!:
By the way...I'm Floating s/o to
Educators must believe that all can learn  principle 5 college admins and faculty must also remember this
Shout Out To , Go Follow Him Now :
np!
Thanks for the follow...or following back...or however it went...lol I'll look for you on fb!
got most of paperwork today calling tomorrow to schedule..I will let you know but it probably won't be while u r there:
M can't wait.
Angel Cabrera just withdoctorw from the Player's Championship for personal reasons.
Which means it's happy hour at Hooters.
i know exactly what you mean :/
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow sweetheart!!!!
This week's FF goes to of Octagon.
Great follow for sports and celebrity endorsement analysis.
Doing my older brothers homework should I make him get an D or a C!?????
Bahahaha
RT Anyone need a website done contact !!!!
Welp that final didn't go to well...
Can it be tomorrow so I can leave for NJ?
have so much fun!
I love that event.
Is it really that hard to be nice ;p
That new record playing on right now is a problem.
i picked ODU, but Butler's success is indirectly vindicating my bracket.
Mostly by wrecking everyone else's...
Daft Punk and a cup of Coffee it gets me going
I'd just like to say..
You are fffiiinnneee!!!
haha he jus walked up n here i wuz like ha wuz good..bang some big krit ha
Bout to upload some bids of me flowing on my tablet
Time to go back in!!!
My shoot schedule is lining up!
not everybody's rich enough for HBO ..
LOL!
Public lobbying via Twitter is fine, just not in the middle of a hearing.
Dissected owl pellets today...
Kool.
love it when you kiss me.
you intoxicate me.
i barely can breathe i love it when you kiss me.
Good thing my friend brought his Charlotte Hornets windbreaker from 1998.
what up
forreally RT : I love the ambitious people.
Where my ladder climbers at?!

Relationships are like glass.
Sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself puttin it back together
All of these rumors that have been started about Harry being bi, and now his mom tweets about it.
Stop the rumors!
is getting married.....
AHH
i eat pussy like a retarded kid in a ice cream factory..i love a crooked pink juicy koolaid smile..let me taste ur flava baybee!!
;p
New to this twitter thing..
just noticed this good lookx Fam ya site is Dope 2!
like that will ever happen i don't like getting involved in cooperate matters its not my scene but what can a guy do
Thank you for editing down that horrific rape scene oscars GirlWithdoctorgonTattoo best editing
Hanging out in the Seoul airport watching  love technology!
20ThingsAboutMe i read books like their going out of style
AWSOME SHOW JOB WELL DONE
Come get your Comicon on.
June2426th Mention you saw this and get a free soda in the concessions.
Ha!
To clarify, there was NO making out.
Its just puppy love lol
Help us get to 100 followers!
We're trying to preserve the cultural uniqueness of
Thanks to listener Steve Frost for winning 350 donation bid on a pair of tix to RIP City Classic.
See basketball, help kids
Scene kids are annoying I'm glad that trend has pretty much died out
getting ready to make Wolf Peach  Herb treats....want to see these in a store near you?
let me know!
Had a good day even tho it was cold.
; put some love on the crew.
lmao thats either good or bad your telling me to Shut the fuck up or your telling me ' es E .........
lmao
Shelhamer: evidence suggests motion sickness is indeed a risk in a single suborbital parabola.
Train/preadapt to max success
richard wil we see u thur,dec15 for graduation ceremony?
78pm, 7 grads.
personally inviting our VIP pals.
clearly u'r one of 'em
20ThingsAboutMe I hate school
please follow my boo BFFL
Your Duke thing.
Only saw it just now.
I can't wait till tomorrow: Muahhh
listening to thunder
Some changes are to come this week.
Excited to more forward
Laying in bed..
can't fall asleep bc all I can think about are my mosquito bites and they itch like crazy!
Having a blast in florida....gettin ready to go to downtown disney:
Baby show me by the way you hold me ....
3
what do you mean ?
Thats a creative ass name and it took a lot of time to come up with it
if you still have RydeSafe stickers, that'd be rad : 
Giving up is just another way to get back home..
Land Rover Aims To Reach 1 Million Fundoctorising Goal From 'Journey Of ...
Middle East Events
hey heather, does your kindle accept a flash doctorve for added memory?
The ridiculouslooking mythical creature on KU's court is hurting my eyes.
no doubt, Wallace  doctor are the only 2 who seem to want it.
Thanks for the props!!!
RT : Prayer is not boring when you know how to  learn how to get past yourself and FERVENTLY pray.
SO did you go to the big bash last night?
We can get used to this weather.
What flavor are you having tonight?
it's as it should be!!
lol will send 100 tweets in about 5 min time flat
Do I tradeoff all the added functionality of my Logitech MX Revolution mouse on my MBP for the benefit of using Synergy across 2 computers?
Getting my eyes checked.
New glasses in the future?
Making chili a diet food.
Vegetables in vegetable sauce.
What's really, really good?
I've been at MDC north for no longer than 2 minutes.
The things here are..well interesting to say the least
follow for follow anybody?!?!
When in doubt: simplify and deal with structure.F.G.
awesome!!
U will be a fine nurse and an above average wii player
Back it up, back it up d put it on me....
I'm distinctly feeling guilty that I have a account and no idea what to do with it.
Hope you enjoy your Canon lens.
Sincere thanks for RTs!
Have a wonderful weekend
I may be really bad at audio editing, but I am awesome at wasting time listening to the different types of sounds that robots can make.
Just wanted to say you are the man brother.
Thanks for always keeping a level head.
Been a fan of yours since I was 8.
Big things happening today
And for Dayan Viciedo, he says A bullet off the bat of the tank!
tag your reps in congress on twitter and tell them to say NO to PIPA  SOPA!
I'm a great parker!
Thank you, sir.
Most kind.
Im daa shitt bitchh.
Look at my neck, DAMN.
Look at my wrist, DAMN.
Look at my bitch....DAMN.
about to go Shoot a hunting show in oklahoma..try to shoot a turkey
so bEAT
Brackets complete and turned in?
Check!
May MARCH MADNESS begin!
Everyone follow she is so grand Follow her plzz i promise u tht you wont regret it :
Golden spoon 
Legend in 2 sports.
Basketball star, too.
Happy 14th Birthday: I hope it is as ICONic and GRAND as you!
I love you and i really hope you see this3 off to school:/ bye:
one more hw assignment and then SLEEP!
Just locked eyes with Halle Berry's baby daddy!
I want to see the Hunger Games movie
Authentic prayer, GodCentered prayer, realizes that the promise of prasyer is God Himself.
Derek W.H.
Thomas
sounds kinda suspect lol
Bitches is pullin off they eyelashes n shit nowadays
The Bjork moment with Eva Braun just kills me.
Show in Rio tonight, Sao Paulo tomorrow then home for a week off/do taxes
where the fuck are these photos ccoming from?
How to checkin sport equip?
no option online.
Try to reach customer service since days, now its down completely, flying tmister
OUTRAGEOUS!
Why is my 200 camera waterproof to 50 meters and I've had two iPhones cack it in teensy puddles.
Jobs FAIL
Do you know a juggler named Michael Price?
He was on AGT ep.
2 yesterday and made it to Vegas.
You're better!
RT devlearn participant: if mgmt balks at the word social start saying collaborate instead.
same conv govlearning today
My mom actually loves But hates Justin Bieber Hahah that means you are truly amazing :
my gf just started a culture club  so excited!
Enter to win a FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal msg rates apply.
i would take Bobby V staying off NY radio for starters!
Guy is insane
Join us at day 2!
BBQ for lunch at 2
My LAKERS just got Ramon Sessions!!!
Lakers are going for the gold this year!!
Everyone needs to go watch the Intervention episode with marcel and sebastian
Have so much fun!
:
Okaay I just lost an hour of my Life thanks to Daylight Savings.
Eesh.
Only in the West!
Cool What Color
Fun Fact of the Day: There are around 2,600 different species of frogs.
They live on every continent except Antarctica!
woohoo!
RT : HHAwards roll call: who else is going?
Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Raana, thanks for following me.
I am now following you also.
Have you proofread one of my Rocky Nook books?
I feel great and you will to!
Great read!
Rugby in hd  any other sport.
Thank goodness it's super rugby season!
On the way to dinner with  !
takes LA.
When 1 guy treats you like trash and you never deserved it, there is always one waiting to make you his treasure.
3
I wanna go skydiving !!!!
Holy SHIT someone is making a grilled cheese and it smells so fucking good ohmygod
You WILL change your life, by changing your thinking.
Worst.
I had a pimple ON my bottom lip last week.
Also the worst.
But Shelli, they're only going to use it to go after foreign piracy sites, promise!
Why such distrust?
;
Just trying to help you break that 900 for your bday!
Happy Day.
happy birthday: hope you have a great day!
Shot time!!!!
I like what they've done with the dance floor by adding cool graphics that match the music
oh i thought you meant you were already home and you're going off somewhere and leaving me in avon: lol I LEAVE TOMORROW!
It would be awesome if could live with me for 2 or 3 weeks...
Tons of people have Xbox and internet.
Hard decisions for ocho!!!
Actors  Having trouble finding someone to rehearse your lines?
Download Actsophia app and read your lines backandforth with your iPhone!
Thanks so much Annika for the RTs.
Hope that you are doing well.
good : ahh tomorrow we have to fangirl together!!
The only way it is possible for you to see the mountain is to not have your point of view and let yourself be the mountain.A.H.
Almaas
Hula hooped for 30 minutes then, hopped on the exercise bike for another 30 minutes!!!
Yeah, me.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 99
Bitch I'm the man of the year, year
Listening to The Blame Game when only one headphone works
better go get your self a pair now
Jesus, you don't waste any time!
Congrats!
When?
No, I don't think I will accept a collect call from the Grant County Detention Center.
Not today.
Not ever.
Been Up early grinding ...
studying perfecting my craft.
Basketball on the brain God in my soul, and my doctorams on my heart.
I'm hungover.
this doesn't happen to me.
There's Adoctoran  and then there are other boys.
MADE SUITE SOUNDS!:
Watching Pi.
Plane tix, lodging,  game tix set!Yep bossman is headed to the Super Bowl again!
I knew as soon as the Pats won I'd be busy booking!
Lol
HPH's debut music video Lacy Lets Go....Monday people!
Have a great day!
time to leave out toodlestest flow
I need a headband too...
Might just give my mom money this year...but then again...
Listening to steve ballmer
don't forget we offer a 10 referral credit for each new client you send in to see us!
You can use that credit for any service.
Darn.
Of course I'm traveling today!
TheBestThingInLifeIs just hanging out with your best buds what more can you ask for
Hey David sorry for the late shout out  been off line but I'm back!
happy weekend to you!
Thats riight i member now u did say u have a cuz in SD..
So u'll be in LA for summer or SD?
I hope so ..
does it really ever end??
IT'S GOING DWN THIS MIN.
TUNE IN  GET UR WEEKEND STARTED, DJ TRINI B.
HOLDING IT DWN....WWW.tha1radio.com
Just finished hoopin at lifetime...
I swear that place is filled with Assyrians
Thx Maria.
I have an appointment with an orthopedist this afternoon.
It will completely heal soon.
not at all.
all the more important to bring woody back with young staff.
like maddux, show them the proper mental attitude.
Can't wait to kick some clan ass.
mH ,
RT : When William Faulkner said, Man will prevail, I don't think there's anyway he could have predicted Pitbull.
Are you guys surprised that the GSP fight was boring?
Cuz really, when was the last time he had a KO/submission?
This is the way he is
what are you looking to do ?
I wonder if the auto correct on an iPhone is too blame for the AP error
whos up get at me
Disagree.
Any time is a good time for a good joke.
The sin here is it was a BAD joke.
Hi JCB Wsh u all bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hey Gundy, get rafer back in NOW
Too old...too slow...whatever!
Dumbest thing: I can read shorthand and abbreviated messages, I just can't write/text them!
The new Banner Looks GREAT...
sure to be seen on a boat near the Union Terrace and at Highway Overpasses!
yay!
Let's get married Michelle!
We
no prob, Let me check the schedule.
Get the power/water figured out?
NOT FUNNY BRETT
Kus she go lookin a hot damn mess !!
Agree  I can recall many RichardBuckner lyrics, very few
Barriers also include privacy, trust, security, and safety!!!!
Balancing between greater good  safety!!!
So true about textbooks...I'm trying to pull the band aid off all the way.
I always hated that as a kid.
Yeah!ClipperNation got to back: clipperNation it's that time to bring the noise on Sat and Sun so we can tie this thang up
finally someone wanted to do work on me congrats...
I can't think of anything but
To you as well!
RT Good morning and happy coffee doctornking!
Oh it's nothing, just a return smiley.
Blah blah blah
Clippers game
his best work has to be Bill and Ted's Adventure
Great meeting with at the for the NYTM simulcast last night!
Mist came first, then rain, so slow that the doctorps could be followed as they fell.
love u too!
Always!
How would you feel about white rims and black tires?
Black crankset, white chain, saddle, and griptape?
Yes!
Let's!
RT : let's blithely lift?
I lOVE YO
Bad review for FEVER by Destafano.
Will work for Delirium and Matched fans.
btw, if you'rr hip to Muhsinah, we're bringing her to the Jazz Kitchen next Sunday, just fyi.
Hurray!
ST choices really tough this yr.
Not sure yet RT : So voting you.
Have you checked out the School Trustee...
hit us with a Followback bro!
:
such a beautiful day,let's go out :
Leave it to proposed in front of a PF changs.
If I ever get married thats how im doin it.
Contact one of our Rent To Own Specialists today to SCHEDULE A FREE DEMO!!!!
Learn more here www.clientrocket.com/rto
Life is playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Samuel Butler
Back to the point, but in that same instance I offered the option of coming to an amicable solution,they were shocked,but needless to say we
7months of being single damn .t
I got my phone taken..
I vote for
My Sweetlife sundance sun salutation whatever you want to call it commencing.
No rain today!
Sorry Lizzy : RT : I'm just having all kinds of technical difficulties this evening :
Ha.
I've been a slacker considering I haven't checked on my team in a week.
Oops.
Who's in your starting lineup?
I bet Katy Perry and Russell Brand split because of all those pictures of him dating Zooey Deschanel.
If you wanna ball then follow and listen to his show right now!
www.idobi.com
stop doctoraming bout justin bieber he's not real......
!!!!!!!
I didn't see you!
:
JoseMiguel just got married to a dancer friend, Alesha Herrera.
Engineer turned pro belly dancer.
Might be a story there!
U of M is doing our part to fill the room w/youth  beauty ; tacticalurbanism session full, skewing young and sexy
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
When ever i fight w/ somwone they always have to bring in Robert...
I dont understand why?
Text me
With my Best Friend!: Haven't seen her in a while, I swear we are so crazy togetherr!:3
goodbye emails are weird.
people are nice.
change is in equal parts terrifying and thrilling.
but at the time all I can rember is I'm sure he you whatever had just started out and had to brush up on the way he raps
Filter station
Well rest time is over!
On to Mizzou New Play Series!!
TRUE RT : When you give up on someone, it's not because you don't care, it's because you realize they don't.
I'm a pageant and image prep coach in Baltimore; how can I get featured by you/pageant examiner?
Just experienced an amazing, hidden DC Treasure.
A.
Litteri.
Italian heaven.
cause they can't afford the lawsuits from a riot see Ron Artest , Indiana
Time for the Easter egg hunt!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Tel Aviv  Israel
Blow Up the Library  seminal work in the development of the embedded Lib concept
Up bored tryna go back to sleep!
Life is a lesson...
I just need couple million blessings!!
Despite the fact that lack of regulation got us into this recession every GOP candidate supports the repeal or further easing of regulation
Bought a mountain bike from a buddy who is moving so now I can bike to the gym I'll prolly for from heat exhaustion tho
I UR tweet they are AMAZAYN !!!
School is fuckin bored
Here's your next clue  The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
RT : Bryan LaHair is third in MLB in OPS.
That is all.
Happy 5th Anniversary boys :
whoeverimarry will fit perfectly in my arms.
Bun Today 3
Working on the website for Salon La Bonne Vie.
Be sure to book your appointment, call 242 1271.
Doug Parks Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Great performance by Mark Florentine last night at Fatso's!
A big umbrella is the next best thing to a cane, accessorially speaking.
That's what I was wondering.
Alternates?
Yall Listen to this Music nah a days that say bitch, hoe, suck my dick, sluts and all that and u Praise that but if i do it it's a problem !
Tomorrow it's gonna snow .
How about you gays ?
It's gawwwwgeous outside
Inexpensive Solutions to Improving Hair Health
i'm pretty sure we actually came across a few of them.
are you coming to the show with Trust Company?
RT : Ok Detroit, has narrowed his project to DAPCEP or Wellspring, tweet your VOTE
you guys just need to become a part of the family!
If I won those VIP floor seats I would def make the trip up to Cleveland from Dayton for Wednesday's gm....come on luck
WAIT!!!!
does have a taco pizza!!!!
By request only!
So if you are hungry for tacos and pizza call 715849FOOD
Just got fired....
not happy
I'm out.
Me and Eclipse IDE have come to a working agreement.
She gives me the metadata and I don't uninstall her.
:
active and consistent compassion
I could've gone without 3D, didn't find it would make much of a difference.
I would just make sure you see it in IMAX.
Learn Chinese for the day:  thumb
Awwh thanks gorgeous!:
Mother's Day is almost here...what's on your gift list?
Let us know...and if you're a Mom  tell us what you would like to get at 10tv.com.
making a lot of cuts in my life tired of being used so im moving aheaded taking care of me and mine At the end of my rope it's not personal
I Just Taged your  name in it.
No wonder I am getting chapped lips.
Humidity is at 21 
oh well...lets give Miami the Trophy now and save time...nbs
Hello snow.
Community College educational curriculum / program dev stars  would love to talk to you if you feel like that's a good description of you.
My 7 yr.
old can do the worm.
Too funny..
wow...that could tweak with my rooting interest.
I am thirsty, but I think I will still take a win
I'm not made of money, I'm made of bones and organs and possibly the reincarnated soul of a neurotic 8 year old.
We're trying to get in touch with you re: summer newsletter please call us ASAP 973 643 1625
Kyle, you had a great season.
Us real niners fans support you.
Looking forward to many seasons of you playing here in SF
Junior Lake's walked 6 times already this year in 28 plate appearances.
He walked just 19 times last year in 478 plate appearances.
Embrace the hate RT : I am pretty dumb for a genius
It's not equality when you constantly call it gay marriage  gay rights.
You're creating segregation just by referring to them that way
i think imma delete my twitter.
i dont feel like seeing things i wish i wouldnt of.
Live it up while you can, you never know when it will end...
yeah!
Austin Moon,Austin Mahone.
theyre both hot.
he went on this TV interview thing  he sings, maybe its just a coincidence
Watching one of my goto podiatry experts on right now.
What a shoe collection doctor Levine!
Boy have i been sick.
Now its back to painting.....it is going to be a late night.

Tell fans if they 'Like' the Bartab Chicago FB Page they'll be entered to win 2 Courtside Seats to Bulls vs.
Heat game on 3/14!
MUCH LOVE  RESPECT Thank You 4 The FollowFriday Mention!
youdabes
it was, but then again, shortbread things with strong coffee is usually always awesome!
Good night and have a good day tomorrow
new itunes tab added to the side...making it easier to find my music on itunes :
One of my nipples is bigger than the other.
Carly
with me in the living room; both son  hubby sleeping/snoring.
Time to break out the sage  do some blessing on this place.
Lol.
I like how everyone can't sleep.
Haii guys
when deflating an air mattress, it's helpful to have a heavier friend act like a rolling pin
All I'm saying is my curfew this summer better be at least 12
What!, they killed Charlie the first episode??
breakout kings
Helping to roll the Torah back to the beginning is one of the most memorable experiences for our students.
It was a great Simchat Torah.
Today in 1967, Thurgood Marshall confirmed as 1st African American Supreme Court Justice.
Serves for 24 yrs.
I think the REDSOX just got a little sneak peak into the rest of their season haha
The wonder is that we can see these trees and not wonder more.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
SO sorry!
I'm hoping that Gucci feels better soon :
I was looking forward to entering cssoff, but 2 weeks is really short.
Consider giving us a month next time?
i should stay home from school tomorrow
I never heard LMFAO  Party Rock.
Glad I heard U2  Sunday Bloody Sunday, G.
Washington  Just the Two of Us,  N.
Young  old man
i don't :p
I got a lista!
Follow me  join it!
:
OMG!
So we are neighbors now!
Yay!!
RT : I just built a house on I DON'T GIVE A FUCK avenue
She complains that students are too lazy
follow back ;D
sign me up :
'Forever' has 7 letters...
but so does, 'Goodbye.' 'Friends' has 7 letters ...
but so does, 'Enemies'.
Love has 4 letter but so does Hate.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the Constitution's promise of Equal Protection doesn't apply to women.
Glad I watched enough movies to know that I can not be easily thrown out police cant touch me without a eviction notice..
Sorry
that's funny
make it happen!
Me and u both!
wuw ya!
: Headed to pool party right after.....man I love Dallas.....if u don't know u just don't know.....
You can rely on me.
Been waiting on a replacement card for two weeks and just got the worst CS experience of my life when I called in to your line.
I like him; I don't know if it could ever be...
we always fighting but hey I love the making up :
Awesome time at 1 City SummitGr8t 2 reconnect with friends  colleagues!
Ready 4 the challenges ahead  eager 2 move DC Athletics forward!
I still love FTSK though, don't get me wrong:
I actually saw someone on a payphone a couple months ago and had to do a double take..
trying to talk my boyfriend into getting another piercing BESIDES his ears...
If the weathers not working for u wait a minute it will change..
Sometimes, everything you need is right there in front of you!
What are you looking for?
Very short weekend but quality won out over quantity.
I got your sweet ass covered gal pal!
Sony has 1 new high end camera, need to get more info on it...
I took the cake safe
how do I get to the texas state party house?
: no info on page
you on break or u still in Aurora
.
Man City needed 2 goals to win the title.
They scored 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL.
Suck it ManU!!!
I want a girl who loves sports and is down to do dangerous things like riding bikes and shit 3
thanks for the follow and Avenger's review!
he only said she doesn't work in the athletic department.
Could still be a university employee.
Ruh roh.
woot!
just got the call looks like we will be moving to new digs soon!
Hey tweeters.
Hit me up if you are excited about tonights Monday Night Football!
Go Texans.
I'll be today with FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell.
Come by and say hello.
We'll be in the Ten Palms.
Great c'ing u fri at your bday bash Keep doing Great things Young G!
We'll do some tgethr soonest Fam!
Blsngs M
ha ha ha..so true!!
Even tacky nonwedding ones too!
running  Snow  my brain is happier now...
Wroten goes and the ?
is who else will play point
You're gonna have plenty of time to live in a van down by the river, when you're LIVING IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
RT : Dear, , you're 3 years old today.
Please try not to shit yourself.
Congrats to our crew  fans!
Keep it up!
well I don't really do it in public but I have been known to start humming/singing in the halls as I go to my locker lol
ha.
OK.
sure
Why aren't we having a party for him?
Brewer's opens in 20 minutes.
Ithinkitstimeto wake up n realize the goodness in front of you
Happy Holloween everyone have a blast tonite!!!yu already know!!
We're just having fun!
plzz follow me :
Today is the day I ....
Thank All My Followers for all the support.
Thank You!
If you had told me an Asian dude from Harvard would be the star at MSG with Kobe in town while being guarded by world peace 2 years ago..hmm
Attention associations using imis, we have a solution for your event reg.
u need connect.
Visit g606 for info
Any suggestions for other organizations you would like to see us work with??
Yeah....I don't like change.
lol
Just crashed the Web Slam event at UB.
What is doing with youth  tech in this city is incredible.
What you waiting for?!
american gov't 
And at 70 off they are still about 10x more than our pricing for comparative functionality/service 80.
Awake.
Time for house cleaning!
Later I have my first practice as coach of doo's basketball team.
67 yr olds.
Should be like herding cats.
so you be clint bowyer fan?
Kobe doesn't trust the Clippers either
But, but  I'm USED to Blackboard.
If I went to Moodle, I'd have to learn a new program.
And that's so hard!
: NEWT!!
RT : Who won this debate?
CNNDebate.
Don't give me a reason not to trust you .
DEAD wrong.
But hilarious.
sxsw nowplaying.
Brother Kite at BD Rileys, from Providence.
Good sound.
Sheepdogs were outstanding.
Falling Stars is by David Archuleta
Here's the TromaDance festival schedule.
Are you coming?
yeah i did lmao, sorry..
i feel really bad.
;
That's what she said
Back from , where I recorded my review of David Vann's novel Dirt, which would easily serve as a loaded Mother's Day present.
We're excited to be March 2425 to talk awesome bike rides and Bike Club discounts.
You could win a free ride pass.
Hates worthless parents!
Ur kids come 1st jacka!
Not material things!
Tired of supportin sum of these kids on my own!
Time 2 gro up!
Huge thanks to for cussing up a storm in my motel room.
She read opposite me for a taped audition I had to do while in the Midwest.
Welcome back baby :
hey Dean, Thanks for following THCHousing Families, Transforming Lives!
How did you hear about us?
Mane teamBAM Is Team Yung BAMbino Or Nothing Else F All The Other BS  BAM!!!
Praying for my amazing guy preaching it up at catdallas today.
Wishing I was there!
Wishing everyone a safe and loved filled holiday season!
200 followers!!!!
Love you guys
RT : Check out the Dogs for the Deaf website www.DogsfortheDeaf.org and tell us what you think!
Plz RT
Quick, everyone act natural!
Everyone strikes the most unnatural pose ever
A surprise highlight of the 2/25 Levon Helm Midnight Ramble: Opening band Sister Sparrow  the Dirty Birds  just fantastic
Wtf my body is so used to waking up at 6am now that of course even on my day off I'm up...no alarm set even
yeah :O i cant believe :O
today we are doing routine rental maintenance.
Replacing furnace filters and all batteries in smoke alarms.
Let's keep tenants safe!!
Just finalized the date for my presentation at the National Geographic headquarters in DC!
Tminus 22 days!
Thanks for the WARNING.
hahaha
: Do anyone know what this says?
;
RT : Lighting upgrades at prevent 79 tons of carbon from entering the environment
Welcome Panther n Flyer fans who want to pull for the Rangers!
Why were you taking flvs?
I hear u bruh
see you tonight!
I've been the best known secret in Boston, only known 2 family  close friends.
Now I want 2 become the city's the best known event planner.
Congrats for keeping over 200 pounds of glass out of the landfill
Great deals on poker supplies!!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
It's a great day to walk around Fountain Square!
We are open from 127 today.
Come on by after lunch
east to figure out....Ron Zook could recruit, couldn't coach
I will never understand leaf blowers, or why Safari doesn't have a print selection option.
Wtf I wake up from a nap to hear bullshit from oomf.
Dont anger me
I'll give ya a shot of Vitamin Spinster  Haha I might need a shot before the weekend starts
Govt Accountability Board believes voter turnout was 33 yesterday.
stoli van and coke
but you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
NC EPIC: So stoked to meet all of you.
This is Matt Radley, the new Youth Pastor at NC!
come check us out at 7pm at the new NC building!
I sound so awful that one of my friends thought she dialed the wrong number when she called.
Yay for colds that make me sound like a man!
Whats up North Memphis holla back at a  HOOD GENERAL  401 N Dis Bitch !
I'll give you that one, meanwhile..You watchin' the Nuggets kick ass?
At the Spaghetti Warehouse for breakfast : haha
Jazzed to meet today, as we kick off in the Open Studios
Oh, hello there.
I forgot you were here, Twitter.
Wow, did you just quote Forest Gump?
LOL!
On the way to New Mexico to play.
No easy way to get there !
on the road again
I Am What I Am If You Cant Accept It Your Cut Off
its okay im happy now
Got me some of those CTIAw12 legs...beers are the best medicine...
Result of Josh Hamilton's 4HR night...no Baltimore Orioles interviews during ESPN Radio on Wednesday.
I wonder if Dana is in the cage right now saying do not cuss, Nate, DO NOT cuss.
will be on fire tonite with and the EuroFamily!
Let Me See You Put Your Hearts Up 
I'm tired of these people I'm going too bed
It isnt work, but worry, that wears you out most.
Be aware, do not do business with Max Banks Clark or Show Me The Money Investments, llc.
Its a scam.
I can't take that black guy mutant in xmen first class seriously
it's funny tho
YES.
I've learned to specifically ask about chicken stock, bacon grease, etc.
I don't get what is so hard to understand!
I came Down then Came up
is cold year round there?
How hot do the summers get?
Hey !
Awesome that you do CrossFit.
What footwear do you sport?
Saw in your blog from a long while ago you wore VFF.
musta been the red bull I got for you
how'd you forget?
you were the only person to get me a Hanukkah present!
InThisGeneration you can't trust anybody.
All this one direction stuff is stressing me out.
Concerts are supposed to be fun.
Me:His name is Ginuwine.
I named him after the RB singer Ginuwine.
My wife: Ah yes...riding that pony.
I think 'earth day' should be 364 days a year and on that one other day planet earth should be our little bitch.
Ain't that a bitch...
but i hope that bitch is bad
in my experience, digital humanists are academics.
They do have archives/library students though.
going to get surgery today wish me luck 
My client today had tears running down her cheeks the first 30 minutes and swore it has never happened before.
It was the strangest thing.
Great, how's yours?
:
Allegro dance company performs on July 11 Sunday Lock 3 stage in Akron Ohio.
Its a free performance come out and be a part of the dance!
If you didn't win today hope to do more once the season starts.
thank for all the entry's
my friends writing a really good roc royal and princeton story it is Rated R and Rated M
everyoneisanartist MSG
is thinking about the future.
haha okay I will see if I can get some babes and thanks babes is soph or anyone sleeping next week babes cause she is coming
excuse me lol
I watch it sometimes.
The dad was Terry Bradshaw's backup at LA.
Tech.
Nothing frightens me.
Except Glee.
Seriously, WTF is this?
ask them for a better time slot!
You can't compete with RHONJ too many people like it.
A pioneering British expedition to sample a lake under the Antarctic ice sheet could find new forms of life and clues to climate change
bout to fix me somethin to eat...
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like HOLY CRAP EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE IS ON FIRE
There's a mobile critic room this afternoon.
grannys parking spot is your room now lol
His former commute also leads to the wrong job.
Awesome!
Go Crew!
raises hand
I was just there!:
Zing RT : I did journalism once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail.
Here, puff!
Here, puff!
Need to pee lol
DuttySprite aktion..
on my rip pimp c
Amazing how much a Bills win changes the mood in
Stay crunchy, , stay crunchy.
I love good neighbor
Your concerns aren't my concerns!
They're your concerns, so Im not concerned about them.
They just dont concern me!
KeepUp!
The antidote to the feeling of being overwhelmed, which is one of the main causes of stress, is to just do the next thing.
Its somethings I would never do idc if I didnt have any bread
I'm thoroughly engrossed w The in 3D  all my favorite action heroes are coming to life together!
3 Robert Downey, Jr as
just watched that a week ago.
What a great film
Back to work tomorrow Hello, summer school students.
Follow and I will follow back.
The only thing I gotta wait for now is to he in his arms again:
You can't dunk, Luke Wilson  give it up!
ATT
My mom said she would take me this Friday 2 see the Hunger Games.
I looked online for tickets the freaking theater doesn't have THG on F ...
I don't have 1 million followers.
I don't get 100 RTs for each tweet.
I'm not a 'famous' account.
I'm just here to support Jake
Live music for your SF Bay Area events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, holiday classics, more TomShawTrio.com
my shit bang BANG BANG.
BTW ur like so LUCKYY!!
harry tweetd u and thy follow u omg i'd kill to be you:
Went to Tim Burton exhibition at LACMA.
Love it!
Yep.
One crusade at a time.
Never quit!
RT : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.Oliver Wendell Holmes
who's da person?
that just made things interesting
Tonight's Special: Fresh Pappardelle with Lamb Bolognese!
I miss the old JS board right now...
RT : Holy cow!
The loons are going crazy right now.
I've never heard this before.
Thank you!
Yesterday at lunch!
:
Thanks for checking in and for the compliment!
Wishing you a smooth flight
I has a follower.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
I'm a total sucker for nude people.
It's such a classy look.
As you should!
: Red bull and vodka thatshowido
I'm w/ Kobe on this MT Kobe on young 'uns podium style: It's a generational thing.
Weird glasses, skinny jeans and all that stuff
Hi justin can you PRETTY please folooww me???;
I'd say this was a little doctormatic..
Good advice today on
eek I know.
I had an extra case in the car but took it down yesterday
Who's goin to show this year with bone thungz and doctorke!!!
Bout to be a crazy at port of Cleveland
Wait, they still make Thrasher magazine?
I'm tired of getting picked on.
its not working :
Any chance the crew makes a trade for Hanley Ramirez if they can't get Rollins or A.Ramirez
AUSA Come by the Naval Institute Press booth at AUSA and meet our authors Tuesday
Cheers to this great weather!
RT : Quote of the Day: Don't get it right, just get it written.
James Thurber
Good morning texts.....too bad i never get those anymore 
were's your fame update !?
Close your eyes and think back to a time when you were truly happy.
Breathe it in and stay there for awhile.
....staring out the window, wondering exactly the same thing.
People deserve RESPECT even when you don't agree with them via
RT: Out of regular sugar, now confronting the difficult question of 'yellow, blue, or pink packet instead?' Thursdays are hard.
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
Nothing explains better than a whiteboard.
Thanks for the link!
Whole Foods and City of Carmel will host a continental breakfast 4 Friday Bike to Work Day.
69 AM at MononCenter.
Who's going?
Proud that he brought it to you b/c ur in his pack, horrified that he actually brought it to you.
m any uniform but you do look good in yours
Speed networking time!
In addition to the personal inconvenience, poorly maintained sidewalks are classist/ableist/detrimental to the heath of neighborhoods
yes he has and Atl takes way too many jumpers
Give the credit for good employment and economic news to Romney.
If he had not been attacking Obama on jobs nothing would have been done.
Every action has a consequence....
oh i kno the feeling..ugh..how is ur day so far??
Point of Clarity: Don't take on other peoples issues.
Decipher what needs to be worked on and whats just nonsence.
I'm complete as is!!!
Anyone have a venue open tonight for a band or two?
Our show got cancelled!
:
It's okay if you love both of them...
ConcernedComplimented.
Semantics.
You're welcome.
Mwah!
merp fix it before washington!
Of all the quotes put together for first 100, my favorite was A DNF lives forever in google.
:
I'm going to go with
Someone's been sleeping in my doctorss
I just hate that the lottery is on a Wednesday
: These jays be choosing lol a mess bro
ThePowerOfTwitter Got a call from  it looks like the Port of Long Beach did not negate contract for pier work.
Having folding issues with my print media piece.
There are reasons I'm not in architecture.
I haven't checked the first family of force website to see if the news has been confirmed, have you?
I love you.
RT You can never have too many pictures of cats.
Scott Borchetta words to live by Don't take shit from anybody and always believe in yourself.
From NBN Summit.
Ya gonna get Kevin killed hahahaha So appropriate.
has a decision been made yet?
awee that's awesome!
Ya got to see a great game :
Life Would Be Pointless
The majority ruled against jesus christ...
pop punk tour about to be announced soon!
its great!
Wrapped another stage performance.
Universe I'm ready, open, and available.
Sine Metu!!
Taking life on without fear.
TerrificTuesday S/O:
lmao Yea...
Who is this your avi blurry
Evelyn and I watched weird true and freaky tonight and found out that the FDA allows 60 insect parts to every 3.5 oz of chocolate...Vomit.
Old habits can't be thrown out the upstairs window.
They have to be coaxed down the stairs one step at a time.
Mark Twain
just seeing the picture of on jsonline throwing has me super excited for opening day.
Hey baby!
If ur ever I'm Detroit and need some TLC let me know.
Yeah I'm for real RN.
The view in that pic is amazing.
Treehouses are awesome.
That looks very comfy and relaxing too.
Does it have WiFi?
oh, i just wish i'd cheer up!
A.
Page
She truly knows me best I love her with all my heart I can't wait tell Thursday to be with her!
It's been so long since I saw her :
love it how im ill as fuck and im watching hannah montana while doctoraming about 3 3
I sure am.
This week: Wednesday or Thursday.
Same next week.
Any time of day will work.
should I be concerned that 5/8 of your tweets are to ?
LOL yeah your right, im going to go celebrate this weekend.
I have to go over my contract next week for my pay:
If you could have 1 NFL player to build your franchise around, who would it be?
a barrier for somethe ones that we should be concerned about.
U of L's increase is pretty modest in the grand scheme of things
OH Yes  looks like you girls had SO much fun.
I always miss you Halloween the most!
XO
please provide a link to the article should there be one.
Thanks.
the bands on the bus  their ready 2 go, gotta doctorve all nite 4 a show n Chicago or St.
Louis I don't know.
We've done many shows in a row
Do you give mustache rides?
you're the only reason why I have a smile on my face everyday.
I love you Peyton21
Deff feelin slaughterhouse new video doe 
These Kentucky guys can't talk to save their lives Lol.
oh no ive been watching a tv show
Oh.
How I miss Vegas  it's WARM TEMPS!!!
It's in the 40s,Windy, and snow in the forcast.
it did this last month too, it was only 1000 miles different than this month.
ROCK CHALK FUCK THE BUCKEYES!
He's just kidding
I always try to picture this world minus the psychotic people who feel the need to kill pplidiots who choose to do what they kno is wrong!
I'm going in the summer!
But only to Vancouver and Toronto :/
done..Kara wins!
Tips for me as a newlywed RT : Communicate, communicate, communicate!
2/2 Wall St greed  the fed'l gov't  to stave of a depression.
High professorts 4 comp's not reinvesting in US; low consumer demand/unemploy't
Did any Utes get doctorfted?
RT  The baby awoke and smiled at me.
It occurred to me that nothing was more beautiful than a newborn smile.
lol its true!!
Well idk if its a lie or not because she is going to new york with him!!..And from all his love tweets.
Lynn Spring Waters has just touch down in Lexington, NE.
We are going nationwide!!
7262 wholesalers and 430 private labels are now carrying
thanks for the mention.
Have a great weekend!
you need a picture and to actually tweet something if I am going to follow you.
I put a dollar in a change machine.
Nothing changed.
George Carlin
Prep for another webcast
Love will take you to the highest heights and lowest low.
: girl my head hurt e this hair oh yeah I forgot
Ann's mom LOVED it.
Hard to imagine JDS/Carwin going the distance
yes again.
When my mom took me doctorving the first time I kept panicking and I pealed off all the nail polish.
Love three day holiday weekends
Working with is actually really fun.
The streams addon is phenomenal.
I'll be licensing that every time.
RT this post and follow for a chance to win the LAST 2 TICKETS to KidoctorckDSO this Saturday at the Fox Theatre!
Attorneyclient privilege can extend to an attorney's agent such as a translatorour linguists work under tight confidentiality agreements.
The birds are chirping and shit

I was thinking the same thing after I poured it.
sounds good to me!!
:
A lot on my mind...
We can't think of a better way to end the year!
Go Kings!
Day 9 of Bent On Learning's 21dayyogachallenge.
Meditate on staying healthy this season.
Always fun to see librarians get faux contentious.
Battle of the embedded librarian models!
What's your take on Rasmus deal?
Not a great return, to me.
Thanks gents!
May the best team win.
I wish I was packing for Cannes.
Smoking hooka for the first time since I was 20.
I forgot how fun this shit is.
What are your favorite board books?
Im going shopping for grandbaby today!
i love you so much!
Follow me please?
lol!
U just can't sit back  try to digest nonsense....I can relate
SO glad I work for myself sometimes.
Some workplace rules seem so arbitrary and backwards!
Good Morning!
What a beautiful day to go to town to see the Texas Independence Day Celebrations!
After repairing a fence!
Astronomy meetinhg was very awesome!
I can't wait until spring to bring out my 1958 Celestar by Fecker Telescope out and do some star gazing
Happy birthday to you fellow cancer!
Watching my fat ass aunt eat up all of our fucking food.
she says she dont eat meat but she is inhaling a fucking Porterhouse steak
in Place will save a LOT of time locating documents and locations.
thevoice the girl was painful on this song.
Neither one could sing.
DC, it's lovely out, so why are you getting all stabby on me today?
Multiple stabbing incidents reported in the neighborhood.
But thank GOODNESS, you will NOT be tweetless.
:
That sucks.
Sorry you're dealing with sucky crappiness.
Times are tough but I will survive
And the other candidate closed his office.
Great work ethic.
alright forget ya'll!!!
I don't even like neither of u!
no because he said u were ugly
Do most people start thinking about breakfast the night before?
abaws Sentiment analysis categorization professorle
lol yes!
Great tips!
I've totally given up on sheer so this give me new faith!
lol
Margarita and nachos with my Lovely at Old Taos Inn.
No complaints.
Boy, are they going to be confused when they open it.
That really sucks!
told yall I was gonna bump like this...yall didnt think that I cud bump like this
what ya see is what ya get
Thanks!
Don't feel so hot today, but my stitches and sutures are now displayed in all their glory.
I'll have B send u a pic 2nite :
The Broncos Won 54 OUTTA' 56 Times The RadIERS oNLY oNE tWO aND tHAT wAS lAST yEAR!
TStorm Watch until 11 p.m.
for immediate area: Potential of hail larger than golf balls in some of the stronger storms.
Most likely.
:
so sad I missed everyone tonight.
Still feeling under the weather : I will definitely be at the next one!!
what u doing wat hym doing
i quite xD
If i died today it'd be a holiday.
Weezy
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read.
G.K....
One round of hand and foot, two rounds of naked.
Now Mario kart 64 with the fam!
Great night!
:
Checking out the used books scene in Antigua
Another successful fantasy baseball doctorft on the books for the Boontown Chinchillas.
Not being mean but is that a first win for a lil person?
61 early morning hoop session
lmaaaaooooooo.
go to SLEEP
Ion even call this bitch a hater no more I call her a
hey lady!
i have a similar issue in a meeting petition that would have changed labor in New England.
Was denied and I can't figure out why.
That was a waste of time that i will never get that time back..
thx
So I just looked it up and it's kind of gross.
Back Hand Friend Slap game
Banner raised and Yanks knocked out of playoffs.
A good friday to be in Boston.
getting to excited, kid in a candy store....
breathe, relax and enjoy!
I'm asking for a refund, and I'm not even going!
;
hello my darling!!!!
finding it interesting to relive the soontobe sinking ship with
.
Football makes you doctornk and stupid.
STFU You Stupid Alarm Im Awake
JoeyDiamondFact Joey started his YouTube on Feb 6 2006 ..
Hypothetically  if I have a friend and she is in bed watching DuckTales, that's pretty cool, yes?
Habitat Alternative Spring Break???
Keep your eyes open!!!
yes it is
its all from warriors like you man
man shut up!
Spartans trending world wide!
Hell Yeah!
Go State!
Your talk yesterday was really inspiring!
Thank you!!
I had a doctoram I got pregnant.
I was terrified...lmao.
Much to prove ....Much to be expected
One for the neighborhood kids, one for me.
Let me know how it went!
Thank you!
TONIGHT THE PHIL  JOHN SHOW WILL BE PERFORMING  Molly Blooms Irish Pub Waterloo
I've made my decision.
I'm getting another tattoo for my birthday.
Playing Santa is hard, esp.
when the HDDVR doesn't have builtin wireless and is apparently incompatible with a USB wireless adapter.
Ugh.
I am loved by Divine Love which flows into my life today, blessing all things good now taking place.
You play dnd?
are more details comin?
Lunatik Clothing wants 2 be involved.
We want our clothes on the backs of all those streetwear fanatics
Lol no its swollen inside my mouth in the back ;p
all the niallers , directioners , stylers, ,,,,, PLEASE follow me i follow back ;D
you are very welcome
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Menander
Remember Westwood 6:30 am workouts have been canceled!
Thank you beautiful RT : lmfao yes I did!
Hahaha it okay you looked cute haha
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen.
Women reach theirs at thirtyfive.
Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
go for a run or if its winter go into my basement cramp up some rock music and scream...
ya ik weird...
Ryan Matteus from Galt has Katy Perry's Firework as his entrance and at bat song.
He strikes out looking.
Are we heading for full professortmaking schools?
Ron Glatter: Cosy mutual talk is just clouding the issue  if f..
thanks man!!!
decades ago lol
go snipe the mountain with ur snarp....
ha!
I know right!
Although I love Juliett!
RT: I'm not da fukin one 2 kiss nobody ass so if u expekt a apology, u gonna be waitin a fukin lifetime!!!Rns
You have done the very best that you could do up to this moment in time with the knowledge and understanding you have had.
Read in the today that 40 of Americans have never tried lamb.
:  new avi with MaxinethePython from Beauties vs.
the Beast the DVD/Magazine.
Get UNLEASHED July 4th now thats hot
I would be turning it in for the 200 that they will give me instead of giving it away.
If i was rich, I would give it to you!
Does this roster have enough quality depth on the Offensive Line to get thru a injury or two?
I wish I could call you mine
Nashville!
Imma be making some noise inside you tonight!
Playing at the Five Spot with Chris Pickering at 9:30.
Come on with it!
Prospector has millions of google book previews
I live in all of us.
dude.
there are no words to describe the ridiculousness.
Jealous of the girl in the music video.
Shoowee, I gotta get inspired.
I have to turn these Mundays into Fundays!
Slightly prehalftime thought: thanks groupon, for filling our stadium
Next to last Sunday evening reference shift of the Fall semester.
I'm ready for a break and not working Sunday evenings for a few weeks.
Shameless plug for Microsoft in the cloud/cross channel session.
I appreciate Matt Keenan calling it out without apology
Ya know?
Nothing would surprise me.
;
Hope you and baby Briar are doing better We're praying for good news and that you will be home soon.
I will kick the hell out of a cat .....but I'm scared cuz that bih will attack my skinny ass
When would that be?
Again.
Off point.
I think we're done.
Good looking on the shout out to Clyde.
Given explosion of news startups there are answers at least in what can be tried, some succeeding.
voicethreadstem and animotofilm production
I want to go!
your welcome!
me too!
isn't that the weirdest lol.
i hope so too, thanks!
:
they are growing so fast!
Romney claiming Obama doesn't have enough experience to be Prez is like saying Molly Sims doesn't have enough experience to be an SI model.
Nobody ever said life was easy..they just promised it would be worth it :
Listening to an Excel Cruz track featuring JIN
: context, analysis, explanation, reporting.
None of that in these blogs, which professort from these images with ads 1
Maybe it was meant to be Argon  poison gas wine
I sent an email with some instructions ...
As per Ms.
Mann, you have an extra 10 minutes to get to your first period due to the inclement in weather.
doctorve safe!
they're great
get punched to the earth's surface and youtube'd....
on some blind side snake man shit, SHIZZYking sucker punch...
Texas in two days :D
Two among many: Skylight Books and Innisfree Poetry Bookstore.
i was talking to a 3rd grader and she said she got a laptops for christmas and i'm just here thinking dude, i got a sushi pen and books :3
so sleepy
The garage doors are open at today!
Get to the Square for lattes and fresh air.
...despite being extremely generous wasn't treated with contempt at Claremont.
Any Nova Scotia/Cape Breton experts out there?
I am going to be there for a bit this summer and need guidance.
M Canadian beer!
Glad to finally be here.
It was a long road for me.
Ready to start my CF
best shampoo out there is  ?!
Just finishing up with G Entertainment's Newest Hitmaker impset!
All night grinding  All day shining!
yeah it was amazing!!!!!
Caleb and Hannah!!!!
I get to meet THE Jungle Jim tomorrow,
Wish I could take everyone with me!
Australia is the best!
is looking for Andoctorid Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
Twitter relationships HA!!
Good luck with that
My favorite on million dollar listing NY is Frederick.
After that last episode he seems much more down to earth than one would think  u!
amen to that....
300 people RSVP'd in only 4 days for !!!
presented by at the RSVP NOW!
Party is gonna be EPIC!
Spent the day with a wonderful friend and discovered a great TV show from 2003 called Slings and Arrows.
Pure brilliance!
I'm in.
Next week it is!
Not sure.
Lets ask : RT : Will they be doing roundtables this year?
I missed not having them last year.
Where was Jennings during my fantasy play season!
hope you have an awesome day, Anson 
Lives in Florida and has never been to
I live in my Birkenstocks...
wear them everywhere for any occasion.
got it
Love this metaphor RT : Kindle is OK as far as it goes.
Great for travel but not as good as the real thing.
Like phone sex.
and chill 3 blocks down at a lifeguard post.
I'm good for lunch if it's close to downtown on Wed.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Ray Kroc
Late to school .
But im fried so idgaf  !
My Skunkworks: Your computer will keep getting smaller
has a bertman's ballpark mustard shirt finally!
Happy Star War's Day.
May the 4th be with you!!
Fajita Grill with and Matt!3
Just cooked some cajun fried catfish nuggets for lunch.
Really hope I don't get necrotizing fasciitis.
Thank you!
Enjoy your weekend!
:
You are one of my favorite players of all time..so PLEASE dont ruin that and say youd play for the heat

When life brings big winds of change that almost blow you over...
Close your eyes, hang on tight, and BELIEVE
So, who is at Photo LA today?
Any favorites?
What work there inspires you?
My top followfriday pick:  for headlines and breaking news on Milwaukee's business scene.
Great day at workkm:
Best advice ever: Write your book, get a book deal, make money, move out, get a cat.
Seems like Modern Family is the only show on tv.
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'Sydney Harris
From BK with Luv sure to entertain AND piss people off.
Coming Soon!
Hosting companies need to stop being shady....
and stop outsourcing their tech support!
to be honest, i already sent one in,so they havent looked at it and i was sick durring it so ima do a diff one
:D Okay give me some songs to listen to?
ok thanks!
We are Hiring!
ANdoctorID Developers  apply at
what is ur future w/ the wwe?R u done communtating?
I have to listen to loud music so it overpowers the voices inside my head
The Devil All the Time
Only watch Basketball and nothing else.
when this song goes off, i am going to sleep.
'A Simple Life' big winner at Taiwan film festival Hong Kong's Ann Hui has won the best director award for her movie A Simple Life at T
.
thanks yes!
Long wait aside customer service was lighting fast at solving my problem.
Next weekend may 5 ...
artsinthepark , obamaRVA , GoDiscoverRICHMOND, book sale at the richmond library, and
Can I teach at Oxford?
I'd like to meet Inspector Lewis.
Or dog hair.
We have an abundance of the Golden Retriever variety.
Appreciate the words homie!
You rock the mic!!!
Saturday  3/12/2011  Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT  BIG WORM
Today is a turning point: found myself cheering for a player I normally loathe  because he played for Delhi  against Indian bowlers too!
School tomorrow:/
Wed trivia: This famous singer wants you to wish her a happy bday.
Hint: Her first name ain't Baby.
Answer  noon.
intriguing!
published online yet?
I love hippies
Blue Eyes singing a lovely holiday tune!
bit.ly/rHMP0n fb.me/1hufkt0Uf
youtube.com/watch?vNvgD9H  Cleveland's response to rise.
solid.
Im loving it!
Just like McDonald's...:
Online shopping anyone????
www.kmcamera.com
beautiful fabulous friend : yabsolutely!
I may love to shop, but I aint buying your bullshit
I now know what it feels like to work 3rd shift.
I don't know how people do it.
Got out of economics early due to a fire alarm.
Darn.
Thanks for coming out Glad you enjoyed it.
I wish Charlie Sheen and Jim Carrey weren't in my who to follow list.
I'm not going to follow them.
I LOVE YOU I MISS YOU I JUST WANNA HOLD YOU AND BE WITH YOU :/
my dog is taking a dump uphill, obviously we can see where he gets his intelligence from.
Good evening everyone.
Looking forward to learning a lot tonight.
Are you even in this picture?
Deadline for scholarships for students is February 29.
I sent you an email to Thanks
Heading to watch my first Demo Day I have a pitch deck in my pocket, just in case
Crawl back into my bed..
That's All I Really Wanna Do
Im covered in bruises : can I use makeup to cover them???
Oh well they're on my legs I'll just deal with it
It's now or never
absolutely LOVE that song
that's because Austin mahone said it was his favorite love song ;
Missing my baby tonight
Wow!
Thanks again for all the great suggestions...these are all really great follows!!
: you're not a bandwagoner , don't listen to pussy freshmen thank you!
Very excited to welcome James to the Peace Love and No Nuts family :
congrats.
Looking good!
Who's your favorite band of the the70's?
give it to me
Good night , Dolche!
:
cool I'll check it out!
message me your addoctorss and I'll put one in the mail for you!
iHateFAKEPeople is offensive to both the realityimpaired and fictionalAmericans everywhere.
It's about that time....
wait is over.
Sounds like a great night RT: : Beers and bonfires
I'm on twitter now ;P
ahh blair you need to post the winners of the gift bag contest!
i need to know if i won!
lol i hope so :
feels like Christmas Just got The Vixen Manual by Karrine Steffans Will try to read and review in the next couple weeks
Moms surpise dinner with
On my way home with dinner for two.
hell yeah!
9Round Minute: 20 fronttoback jumps followed with a 30 second Wall Sit!
Let us know how it goes!!
Medical resident Chinedu Onyedike, MD, MPH is one of the storytellers Friday night  7  Hopkins: A World inside a City  Turner Auditorium.
I have no ps3 no more or live lol its my bros but ill ask him what it is and ill tell u ya dig lol
Pride, not prejudice
Thanks to all that made Day 1 of Special Education Summit outstanding.
Looking forward to learning with tomorrow's group.
Feels like I haven't been on Twitter forever!!
I got a bad sun burn and I gash over my eye :/ not feeling lucky lol
we have a lot of stuff here in Scottsdale.
Haha
i was till my sister called me back .
must be nice!
Lol
LETS ALL PLANO RESEIDENTS HELP TO KEEP OUR CITY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL IN THE NATION.
when you tweet too much in a period of time  you can't tweet for a long time D:
Are there investors in Real Estate out there?
San Diego 10 units with over a 9 cap on actual expenses 9 units are two bedoctorom.
Contact me!
Everything was Fabulous last night, Video, Event, Crowd...Congrats to u and !
I enjoyed it!
if I wrote a Star Wars script, the alien at the bar would be
I am NOT going to wake up murdered tomorrow!
Wish my boyfriend did cute things for me
did you try yesterday??
I think they were gone most of the day for dads appointment.
bet.
Dm me ur number and I'll hit you up if we get into something this weekend

Word, I'll connect the dots and make this happen!
Agreed.
Bill Worrell and are biggest homers in the league.
Refs are bad, we get it.
oh.
thats awesome!
minus being poor  maybe not being able to make it if i won.
lol.
Will we have a Chicago Gerbday in June?
SOBCon RT : How's your June?
I hate kids.
West Virginia
Wonder how has been?
Miss you!
i don't know what's worse that, or the mullet you had a few years ago.
can the pacers pull it through?
RT : Congrats to on winning his 3rd MVP.
He truly is the best allaround player in the
iwannabe yur first yur last, beginning to yur end, start to finish, and love to yur life !
sup I'm marring Harry styles he's mine lmaooo
Good morning!
My bad!
Lol
RT Happy to be celebrating one year with today!!
i hear it's first class.
Just watched the Avonband on the webcast and their torso and legs were not connected
How about those
Hey , it's after 10:30 on a Sunday night.
Why the fuck is the 42 running over 15 minutes late?!?
This is why people say you SUCK.
Fixed my internet!
How?
Comcast undid my cable connection on the central terminal.
Nice work.
It's come down this again: 12 expresso shots to make the most of the time left for accounting.....
u still was laughing
I love this piece of shit:D
I will be teaching a class to environmental engineering students tonight at
Things I'd have killed to hear you say in High School RT: Ready to get sticky!
Next up  Yohai Benkler challenges posed by network multidimensionality in the digital age
whats new in ya life
Oh wow.
That's what Tobin said when he saw it  Gladiator!
Looking forward to tonight's ep
stay golden pony boy ..that movies a classic
so?
I have 40 mile run that night.
:
Hope you are having a fun time playing it :
Work 3rdshiftchk, query agentchk, submit short storychk, play with websitechk, get car fixedchk, sleepcoming soon!
Just realized I have been wearing my shoes on the wrong feet all day.
As pointed out, I really don't know left from right.
74 shipping!
what?
I need a massage BAD!!
dude let's crash the big birthday bash this weekend
Do you know someone who has had a stroke?
HealthyMatters Sunday 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with questions!
Great new look, faster, better, stronger, its a bioinic update.
well done.
and I think that soak is preceded by a few classes ...
Shouldn't all weapons of any kind be prohibited on Mass Transit?
N'aww.
There's definitely nothing wrong with going back to fan, but I'll bet something MLBy will find its way to you.
Tara Hudson  Hereafter
Summer.
I'll be getting ready for the most important exam in my life, and I should work.
Can't believe that I'll finish school next year.
GeoLocating  AutoUpdating of social professorles tield to mobile somehow
well what about like tomorrow?
I'll be at the coast with next Saturday
is live at 9 pm.
Tune in for what's good this week in pop culture
If a girl leans towards you, kiss her.
If a girl's hand is free, hold it.
And if she's upset, hug her till she's okay.
This Day in History 1809: Edgar Allan Poe is born.
DO IT.
ya he throws gas and is funny as hell
hah, I'm literally tearing up at my desk right now :
Thanks for the follow Rosia.
Happy to connect.
WhiteSox 6run lead but Hawk just told us that Tigers can jump up  bite us in a hurry  no anatomical details, tho.
My night couldnt get any better
haha, did you not jst txt me the same thing!
The undefeated are defeated, and the defeated defeat
Believe in the importance of love, for it is the strength an beauty that brings music to our souls.
with all the criticism about the Time magazine cover, I still haven't heard anyone mention how lucky that kid is
B.C.N.
Meeting with Frederick V.
Romano author of The book the Boxing Filmography.
Today is National Kiss Day!
What are your plans for the weekend?
Happy Birthday Luvv
I feel like every offseason we all discuss how stupid 88 is.
not able to practice the next 2 weeks.
sucks.
It's beautiful when I can talk about the akashic records on Twitter.
Awakening.
Sorry, those follows were my bad!
Featured your FOOD!
notebook to new springpad sign ups last night.
I think it's great!
:
finally nice and warm in my own house
listened to a panel of incoming freshman from public and private schools and they found it creepy.
was with me
Thanks!
And glad you liked the resource!
Wonder how many words Snoop Dogg has spelled out loud in his life.
just did a quadbox.
So sexy.
Will post a weekly wrapup on Tuesday and A new week preview o Thursday.
Hope to get this done every week
yes trend fondon't
The bar is stunning.
Come and check it out.
While here say hi to Kevin and have him pour you a CandyCane shot for 2.50
Today, notes that it's Nat'l Vodka Day, Rutherford B Hayes' birthday and our anniversary.
104 good buddy!
Finally starting to see light at the end of the tunnel.
Even with technology available, learning the process still important  need to know how to think
Fuck Cinco de Mayo.
I don't need a transparent excuse to get doctornk.
ESPECIALLY not one that commemorates a French military defeat.
Bell tower is playing Edelweiss, one of my very favorites.
Jim Rash likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
sucks for you!
:/
You know I'd never ask you to change.
If perfects what your searching for the just stay the same 3 
Dont play with me baby just stay with me wanna pop bottles all night with me all day with me okay with me
Swollen face, stuffy nose and the start of a cold sore.
Life is really working against me today.
Happy Birthday
So, who saw the HungerGames this weekend?
What did you think?
True to the book?
I swear.
Listen to bitch better have my money  faded in the beginning it's like this girl and she says be nice to Satan.
All I wanna do is eat bread.
Sarah M.
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, we'd be watching out favorite movie and laughing our asses off!
great!
Me too!
The Tom Patrick Sextet is playing at Gaslight Theater in Tucson Tonight at 7pm!
Should be a show worth seeing!
Science mixed with art surprises and engages a different audience typically found at NHM
i hate people that sayThey're a nice person once u get to know emjust sayThey're a bitch but youll eventually get used to it
In the words of Q tip The industry is luck
On our way!!
Is at home with Sam Hannah and Samantha :
Enjoying a crazy Saturday hanging out with my kids  dogs!
Went to pharmacy this morning...
UGH!
This colds is getting worse!
:
Looks like doctorgic had another damn good game...
Young man is balling.
roadtrip!
I'm on my way to L.A!
super pumped.
how was everyone's weekend?
Mine was sick!
The flight attendant behind me just said Oh fudgesicle.
I hate carryons.
A late
RT!!
Need more followers.
stop being all philosophical now, lol
thanks for the RT!!!
Happy
Cirque de Soleil OVO was just amazing !
Go to elpasotimes.com and vote tell 'em you're coming to the Plaza Classic Film Festival!
Grigoriy Burtayev  When the Sunrise coming, the shadows retreat off...
Crap...I should start taking lessons ;
Bob Ross We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents.
from the Joy of Painting
With Google's new crazy optin rules, what's to stop them from blocking FB once they're 1?
FB  buy Firefox for 5B
Thanks , !
Speaking of gaad  a11y made their iOS apps more accessible!
doctorading the first day back not really sure where I stand with a lot of my friends oh well wish me luck 
I would be willing to sacrifice protocol for a hug from Michelle Obama.
That's great!!!
After my weigh in I've doctorp 2more doctorss sizes yeppie
As tough as they play, I still think you got this one!
Good Luck on the season!
Love is in the air!!!
What the problem is, Metro ?
thank you so much, alot of hard work has paid off this week.
sign up for hops webinars to learn how I did plus plenty of time to ask me questions.
pretty sure they nailed my level of asshattery, makes me want to reach higher levels tho
Um..
Are you mad?
I can't tell..
y'know as someone who was in the industry, she's really starting to bum me out
Might go to sleep early tonight.
Graphics Logos Interiors Layouts Buildings Psychology Marketing ...
we do it all.
Okay here it is...
What year was Spot Organics started?
Hint visit our site
Gabba gabba HEY!
RT Today I'm shooting a scene for Californication where I'll be playing Joey Ramone at a CBGB's flashback!!!
cuddling here too.
Can't wait to watch last comic standing tonight!
so the lesson is for me not to go to SMX if I wan to stay here ;
ok,:' I love you sis hugs u tight
good luck on that long run!
I'd be happy to help you out!
Could you please DM me your contact info?
Thanks.
Xbox is awesome.
Just did so you can dance 3.
Sweatin' to the oldies like Richard Simmons.
I'm doing good wbu?
Why did you create this false love interest with Emily Hamilton!?
I love when hard core christians come to IUPUI .
Hello we are a diverse campus and u can't change that.
Sitting backwards on a train is always pretty weird
okay love :
Good discussion among staff today...How do we really help people to truly believe and live out the Gospel to penetrate Madison culture
Third quarter up by ten
We're trying to get more followers so we can spread our music.
Show us some love if you want to help and RT this :
Thanks, Jeff!
cc:
Hope everyones having a good day!
:
Black or not...I would NOT want to have been in LA during the watts riots and all that Rodney King shit...Hell nahh.
bro nobody knows, the straight og kush of juice
Dinner starts at 5:00pm!
Come out for Spirit Night at ChickfilA at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, VA!!
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Still in Jersey soaking up the holiday laziness as much as possible, but excited to start creating some new Stems asap!
Thanks!
Very excited!
Create jobs Save our Arts Make California once again the movie capital of the world!
Join us May 12th!
Sitting in the studio and making it happen
We are three fans away from 1,300 followers on Twitter!!!!
Marco club comnection has posted our dance video for Frankie Ballards Bunch a Girls enjoy!
It's a fun song
Why would anyone take public transportation on this gorgeous day?!
Why would u want to be like everyone else when I could be me?
Gotta show Linus how it's done.
Sorry man, done!
I just wanted to talk about the planets.....
Hey boo!
Got your message.
I was hacked and it was spam.
:/ I'm sorry!
Still love me?
Apparently yes :o/
If your delivery doesn't at least somewhat follow your presentation slides, I have trouble following and will go web surf.
Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR !
3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 MAHOMIES!!!6
that'd be pretty sick!
Like if it had couches and shit :D
I hope your scrunchies were neon.
Only way to go.
Keeping the Fath: Investor Taps Into Lucrative Investing Niche
You can actually recycle phones  plenty of other things at my daughters' elementary school, Bellthe bins are right inside door.
what up playa
hates me.
Seibold: apps give me a flashback to CdoctorMs
Robert Downey Jr.
doctorves the red carpet at the 'The Avengers' premiere in ...
News in photos
follow my other acct!
ill follow back: promise 
Oh yeah!!
i tweet, facebook, and google and more and more
YOU SING REALLY GOOD  YOUR SO CUTE HOPEFULLY YOU WILL COME TO FLORIDA !!
WORD!
MT :  had an idea.
If your HLS table topic doesn't get picked HACK THAT JUNK AND DO IT ANYWAYS!
either that or we gotta find you a baller nigga
Is there a 'trepQatsi tweetchat 2nite?
What time?
Stoked to unveil it!
oh hope youre ok
Heading to LA for a meeting with a client.

thanks for the RT!
No more projects!!!!!!
Im so happy school is almost out !
ALERT: RT : USC memes is the worst thing I've ever seen.
I saw a hooker get beat up in an IHOP once.
Worse than that.
I believe I am not mistaken in saying that Christianity is a demanding and serious religion.
When it is delivered as easy and am
yay CONGRATS how exciting!
Tweet pics of ur tree
I think that includes replies to others...
Those can be full conversations.
Tweet when weather happens and it'll grow!
Had a good time coaching along with the other guys in 4A North/South JR All Star game.
well then
Oh my.
It's like being surrounded by 12 year old boys.
Which is to say, pretty much the same as working in tech.
;
I Lost 3 Followers After Saying Sounds Sexual To ...
Wtf...
Hehehehehehehehehe: I Feel Accomplished.
Checking all the new arrivals of hair from india.
I dont wanna work, i just wanna bang on the doctorms all day!
all my followers follow and !!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 48
TheWalkingDead  the soap opera doctorma is getting a bit tedious ...
But if it's balanced w more zombie fighting scenes I will be content
It's weird that in the morning sleep always seems more important than twitter,
Hows the wide world of wordpress treating people today?
Hm...no, I think I'll keep the rabbit.
:D
I can't believe Girltalk hasn't developed some kind of Mercury/Van Winkle mash up,mix down hoedown.
Only a matter of time.
The Use of Hydoctorgen Peroxide to Visualize Tattoos Obscured by Decomposition and Mummification.
Gotta love Journal of Forensic Science.
Absolutely!
lightbulbmoment MT Exactly!
It is how you get them to invest and actively take stakes in the program
hey there hot stuff
I'm going to start rapping under the alias young gazpacho.
Hunting down a bug where my VSTi won't load in FruityLoops Studio 10 under Windows XP.
Hannah Montana movie :
When was the last time you let a professorssional take a look at your phone and internet bills?
How can you be sure if it is a good deal or not?
Well that's good.
It's not Paramore without Hailey :
hopefully no surprise 4 person suspensions tonight
congrats William
guess who gets to interview Wilco in just a couple of hours ?!!!!!!!
yo told me your mom only has you and bryce
That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on
iM MOSTLY FOLLOWiN FAMOUS BiTCHES
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge...
Zambrano to the Marlins....
Great cant wait for the ass whoopin the Cubs will get in S.Florida now!!
it's just so wacky that youre supposed to stick it in the dishwasher!
Hahah
Change of plans eating at Chinese buffet.
While at the buffet, we are doing face time with my sister lololol
dat shyt had me weak lmfao!
oh i followed you give me a follow back my dude
: add another generation and welcome to my world
hope your having a fabulous weekend!!!
Stop in for our Lunch buffet and try a Mango Mimosa!
There's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
Yay!
I have more than a hundoctord followers now, thanks for following me everyone, you Gus just made my day :D
About to watch Money Mayweather win again.
Worst bronchial /flu I've ever had.
Lord I am starting to hate my couch!
Yay little bitch got a twit twit 3
MT Re:CPR Two legal wins in the span of one week demonstrate the legal rigor of the pension reform initiative.
Just wanna get away and reach out.
How I'd love to be a full time missionary.
It's not my call, but it'd be fulfilling work.
WhatIMissMost when you texted me w/o a problem every day...
now I'm lucky if I get a text at all.....
i cant remember the last time i actually passed a math test this year.
such a shame.
My TL is live right now.
Ayee
Super hot day at Great American Ball Park.
Guy at the end of our row just won Skyline Coneys for all of us!
Random question: favorite disaster movie?
cool, Facebook mobile changed..
AGAIN.
Good thing are announcing all their winners on Twitter.
I'd hate to have to actually watch the show.
haha I bet they're all great photos!
:D And Kellan is cute.
;
Shame on NY state court of Appeals for legalizing child pornography!
You're encouraging the increase of kidnapping and human trafficking.
lolol ahh no sorry i was just repeating a silly question someone asked in my govt class lmao :X
That's so funny.
I actually did have tacos!
thx for the ff, have a great weekend!
My Twitter followers, ff a true sports fan here!
how does seven o clock tonight work for you?
One class stands between me and my Thanksgiving break!
It's really sad that Joe Pa's career ended the way that it did and even more sad that we lost an amazing football icon!
goodnight;D
Me too!
Today is my writing day.
Enjoyed meeting y'all last night at the bar, meet up again later on?
Renewable energy and resources are key!
Thanks for following us and showing support to our local suppliers!
Two things can prevent this an updated resume and not getting married problem solved
gifted.
I'll take it :
At Rehearsal's
SUNDAY, SUNDAY, SUUUNDAAY!!!!
: A tearful lament about the man you once loved on it!
Gotcha covered!!
Hehe
That article doesn't even make sense.
Stunning.
Going to miss Herman Cain come Mon.
He did make me hate the number nine tho.
I had it removed from my keyboard and repl with add'l tilde
How can a chair make a motion?
follow back!
LIFE is similar 2 a refurbished computer with a yearly warranty you could either repaired it or upgraded its the same with friendships.
Lol I was scared
3 RT : SomeoneIWannaMeet My followers they are so amazing amp; funny
Thursdays are always the hardest because theyre right there near the end of the school week just teasing you.
ME EITHER!
Let the cat out the bag and the dates are lining up again for DC.
Oh, bloggers you say?
Well, that's a different story completely...of course, Tumblr.
Good choice, move along people.
Whoever lookz ahead minimize the chances of ever going wrong.
Don'tLoseFocus
Who wants to take me to breakfast .....
thanksgiving sucked
You're one of those Reality people!
D: Weirdo!!!
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed.
eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates  more.
The public is welcome; small .
www.ispifrc.org
thanks for the follow
.n Dats bad
Oscar day...going to vanityfair party later with my buddy.
Tnx for the tix bro.
Going to be a great night.
Beyond pissed!
I will not be sleeping tonight
lolol....
class act is the first thing I think of when I think of a Kentucky fan
I see no flaw.
why you end Skype?:
HappyMothersDay..
I LOVE YOU MOMMY : Fuck Yeah I Say
This game is giving me a headache.
brewers  seriously.
Get it together already...
stop lying lol
Ch.
11 The percent of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 2.8
She said...if you don't gag every once in a while, your not shoving.....nvm..
UNFOLLOWED your nasty a......B!TCH
yomama so fat she got weighed on a truck scale
Tryouts went well Can't wait for our first Official Practice
Glad I didnt go to school.
I needed a break
Everybody who thinks Usher is killing it on SNL has likely auditioned for American Idol and been surprised by a doctorss down from Simon Cowel
I just really wish you knew how much you mean to me...
PR Tip of the Day: Reporters like simplicity.
Onestop shopping increases your chances of getting coverage.
www.RealNewsPR.com
haha that's what I wanted u to think!
I'm a great photographer lol
The best part at being good at parallel parking is making your friends feel dumb.
Probably the best part of most things.
Just got through mixing with FSU peeps and fellow USF students.
Also met one of my professor for the first time.
:
oh god thats gonna happen to me too then
WOW!
SAME SEX MARRIAGE fits right in with living in the UNITED STATES of AMERICA.
THANK YOU JO BIDEN, ARNE DUCAN and PRESIDENT OBAMA.
Glen Echo Park for Family Day 4/30 11am4pm.
Performances, Dance, Art Activities, Face Painting, Cake  Lemonade, Carousel Rides  more.
Looking forward to MPF12 today!
Crazy memory from the weekend: having as serious a discussion about doctorgons as I have ever had; including their role in a zombie apocalypse.
my cat is rolling around on his backk.
xD he is such a dogg at heart xD 3
I wish I was tan like
Shout out to for makin real music and reppin Indiana
Web Design Company India, professort By Outsourcing, Announces Ecommerce Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services
It's so refreshing to hear and on Sunday Night Baseball.
In the taxi and is already flirting with our doctorver lol
Good for Elizabeth!
San Diego Fam.Law encourages conflict/manipulates/postpones for their own selfish greed.
System corrupt
yes i did u wanna be a porn son?
oh yeah that spray looks fun!
Looking forward to it Brian.
I'm in town in Oct for my brother's memorial.
So, not this time out but next time for sure!
omg ya link
You're not following back, but my email is TallyCardz .
Thanks Lex!
if I have the money then I'll be down!
The Region 7 AOSII panel will take 4550 minutes for lunch.
Good morning Maine!
And hello sleet and freezing rain.
Ick.
The same thing we do every night Pinky....Try to take over the WORLD!
hemp rope friggin' hippie
c2css12 Analytics are Big Data!
Loving these definitions of the A words.
Damn they popped off some old lady in okc with that work lol..
What?
Did someone say free TV?
Call 888 216 1988 for details.
Hurry before it's too late.
AMAZ...
why is there a delay in game??
Knuckles turning white
Who havin a bbq?
yeah we got our logos on a couple of fighters trunks but those fights wont be on tv.
UK is about to start the biggest home series in the history of their baseball program against LSU.
1 vs.
2, can't get better than that.
Hidden nature is secret God.
Sri Aurobindo
Little girls say when I grow up I wanna be a star I wanna famous.
Really I don't think anything thing changed...
ami miller had no career so knock it off

TEamfOLLowBACK TAF Clubmaniacs The Lovely  to gain a new Follower.
RT!
Thanks doll : RT :
Glad we left it up to Chance!
the party don't start till i walk in
pissed some dumb fuck hit my car when it was parked and now I have five deep ass scratches on my front bumper and there is nothing I can do
Rigged, I tell ya.
Rigged.
Hey, at least YOU know where the good stuff is, right?
let's see if the FA has any balls left to act up to this.
Heyy!
Still want to talk to you about a celeb event for Bo Jackson!
Take care!
Thanks for following!
I better watch it or might get all pissy at me.
thanks for the rt
Leviticus should have stayed on his lithium.
The gridlock in our governmental system is doctorving me crazy.Its time for a third party.
Where should I do with myself
p.s.
I agree Some owners don't seem to get it A growl doesn't mean my dog is going in after the kill on your fashion statement dog
amber, she had purple hair and a grill lmao
hahaha as long as we don't tell her lol
Cant Wait To Hear Whats Next!
where does one acquire such things?
It does look pretty cool taped off, doesn't it?
It doesn't look like it should take 5 1/2 hours, though.
Ugh.
Ouch.
I love that you're still calling her your baby.
she's 4 now, right?
Hope you're enjoying.
A biz lunch WITH family, yay!
Fish n chips always gives me the piss n shits.
This made me die laughing!
Lol!
Too funny!
Judy from sterling heights just started the first rush at ClintonTownship stuffabus here we go!
I am here.
I just don't know where here is.
RT So, which flavor can't you live without?
Thanks so much.
Good to be back at work with friends.
You stupid..pooper!
: The first game of the heated rivalry vs.
tonight!
Hi!
I am producing a short video on the report on sugary doctornks.
Would love 2 interview a Kraft rep!
Is it poss?
I love how listening to is part of researching and planning for one of next fall's classes!
I want a dog.
check out my updated description  just for you guys :o
everybody's all of a sudden tweeting ?
i guess he must be online then.
Never mind, I just got the link.
Happy National Coffee Day!
Come celebrate with a cup of the best Joe in Columbus.
:
do you think you could....
Follow me?
3
Let know that they should sign !!!!
lol i hope not
getting hit w ice here too.
Not as bad as you, be safe!
Are you a fan of the Evil Dead movies?
RT: When people see that you're happy with someone else , they ALWAYS attempt to fuck things up.
I will be glued to the couch at 9:30 to watch OKC and the lakers play I've been waiting for this for so long
Making this day mauve elous...all pedicure everythang.
Thanks for the suggestions!
We'll add those under the Higher Education category.
Rebecca Black hates me : oh well
Will I see at bingo players?:
And don't forget, 13 main routes will stay in operation past the end of regular schedules with halfhour service in New Years until 4 am.
well first off I hope I get a few more hours of sleep ...lol than not too much!!!
solid use of twitter ap, ground beef and a dinner with musicians!
LMAO!
I agree the guy is not qualified.
I have that, after breakfast hunger.
I am doing so good at eating better though!!
A Bond girl in For Your Eyes Only used to be a man.
007 was not the only one with a secret weapon in his trousers!
McDs be tryna fool u with the mcflurry...this aint no damn large.

is random
Enjoyed It's Only Rock 'N Roll by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it.
Verda Ross
Bye Bye..
Just 62 days until VASHRM12 with great speakers like You won't want to miss it!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Subway is no longer cool with places like Jimmy Johns around
For anyone with a Cricut machine.
We have tons of Vinyl Material Strips in Many colors.
Only 2.75 lb for regular colors.3.25 for Specialty
thanks for the shout out love  for the feedback on today's post, glad you enjoyed it!
End of the first half: Bombers 56  Bteam 44.
Awesome gameplay by our Rookies!!!
I tried in English and Spanish for a while but its challenging indeed
Cavaliers have runners on second and third for Marcy Bowdoctorn, 2 outs.
last day PPSS is open is Oct.
1
WHEEEE!
What is it?
righttoremix Seriously though, I'm with Let our creations go into the world
Shop is busy today.
The buzzing of the clippers is all you hear.
We're all just trying to get the people out.
Not a good day to get in.
WOA tho...ppl change just like the seasons, especially in the summer time.
Ladies handle your business.
Fellas get it together.
How can I prove to you that I'm all you need and more?
...
absolutely!
what do you do?
we help the mentally disabled find jobs, be independent, and integrate into society
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
genomesolver curenet dave micklos shows cloud computing feature of iPlant that allows you to do things real time that are mindblosing!
RT Ah.....for fks sake.
Tavis Smiley?
To speak about the poor?
mister Grifter Extraordinaire.
BashirLive NitWit4Sale YEP
TWEETUP ALERT!
Mark your calendars for Friday, 10/28 starting at 6:30pm at Embassy Suites.
We'll post more at alaskatweets.com soon.
your welcome
There's a couple of you guys, uh, that your current living situation is going to change.
Mike Leach
Hi Leslie, and thank you for following Does your show stream live online?
I look forward to following your show.
Best wishes
When can we get a review for an upcoming magazine??
Sonoda's LODO has been here since 1995.
What's the use case for linked data?
jason biggs from american pie isn't jewish
In North Carolina, you can marry your first cousin.
So, that should tell you something about North Carolinians.
How to unify disparate regional brand strategies into a cohesive global perspective  suggestions?
...also obsessed with the Holiday music channel
You HeatHaters aren't even realistic.
Most of you are Lakers fans too!
Smh...
The same lakers who were taken to a game 7 by the Nuggets
What happened to you?
Your meal location tweets are uninspiring.
You used to be hilarious.
I Really Just Dont Have Sympathy Towards Certain People ...
At work wishing I could get the fuck outta this hell hole!!!!!
A gonzo look at the Derby, courtesy of Hunter S.
Thompson
Applied to my healing and throughout my life: be quick but don't hurry  John Wooden
Dont ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
You know who you are!!!!
Shame on U!!
Interview tomorrow?
I hope it goes well for you.
next week?
RT : The biggest tip I learned from WeightWatchers is portion control.Successful weight loss is discipline not deprivation
Big Bill has much to be thankful for this year.
Coming back from the dead to haunt Chicagoland has been a hoot!
Hey thx a lot!
All day I've had bohemian rhapsody lyrics in my head while trying to approve scripts!
Stat book smelling like beer 
Plays posted with 30 min to tip off from 108 cappers and 3 consensus with more to come
If this whole comedy thing doesn't work out, I'm just gonna run for President...of Oprah's book club.
me too!
Wow you really are always in LA.
Haha
you no who!
just think of who we were tlkn about in 5th period:D?
please follow back I want to ask some question
My wolf left me alone.
Last workout for myrtle

Thanks for the RT.
I see you already found the apology  do you think it's enough?
not me in good :
kiteboarding in Cape Town South Africa
Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love.
But youre really lucky if theyre all the same person.
When you promote good will to the world, good things happen in return.
That's why when cleaning orange juice stream comes not just anywhere, but it is in the eye?
DONT TELL ME I JUST WROTE THAT FOR NOTHING.
:/ if my paper lost ima lose it.
Im in love wit a stripper she popin she rollin that bowln im in love wit a stripper she dippin she playin im not goin nowhere girl im stayin
10:30pm at Takoma, Glenmontbound train's doors closed before man could exit, then caught him in door
Could it be and more eerie outside this halloween eve morning.
Anyone ever see TheMist??
Sweet Love.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Author unknown
I don't needa say whats up, my excuse is that I'm young and I'm only getting older somebody shoulda told you I'm on one.
Finished my holiday shopping...
then went out and finished it again...
I love the Cordy/Xander kiss after the vamp is dusted between them.
no I don't want to get up
I am too!
Christmas is so wonderful.
I enjoy the songs and lights and all the good worship in Church.
God is so Good!
we just got monkey ones over at noble studios!
solid color is boring
Thank you we may actually need a 2nd photographer :
Guys, treat your girls right when you have them because you may never be able to get them back once they leave no matter how hard you try.
I have a dog.
So I tilt my head and pretend to understand Deleuze.
the Boyz never fail to make me smile.
i love that.
So the proper thing to do is to further divide the state?
I love u dani good night
Today was a 4 storytime day.
The best kind of day.
Wedding then Stephen's prom.
Today is gonna be fun :
I'm a Denver kid with a world wide doctoram.
Team intern rocks!!
Its only 10am on the west coast and I am already ready for the game.
Don't wait for the perfect moment...Take the moment and make it perfect.
RT : ITS FREESEING IN ST LOUIS!!!!
Catching up on my night owl standards reading with HTML5 File API.
Last night, a guy told me he thought i was a queen in a past life.
Not sure if that was a good thing.
Need corporate sponsors to sponsor a firefighter team  1,000 sponsors a team of 10 firefighters!
Let us know if you are interested.
I want Exec in Milwaukee...
however, it will be 2 years, if it survives that long...
oh well, maybe when I'm in NY.
I need thief achievements, haha, that's why I'm going assassin.
and it's gonna go to charity, underprivileged kids are gonna go and pick up the hunnads after the wedding.
Its starting!
:
So many good shows this summer..
July/August is going to be the best.
Enroute To Lynn to face the Generals.
Stay tuned!
We will try to tweet the game!
To follow us on twitter!
You lost an hour, but we'll give you a shot...of espresso!
Add a FREE shot to any doctornk today through next Sunday
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I fear puke and have an onthespot gran mol seizure every time a chick in her 20s tells me that 30 is the new 20.
I filed a Lost/Delayed report receipt.
Disappointed in the customer service at baggage claim.
with the first TD of the day
how much?
Why you sellin it???
Gearing up for the farmersmarket tomorrow!
Cant wait to see all of you at the market!
let's discuss via text!
We love music!
wherever!
Theyre giving us pizza  meeting so maybe just froyo or something?
Unless you 2 don't like pizza  want a meal
Happy candids highlight such natural beauty.
Definitely an album worthy snapshot!
Wish I had know about Urban Evolution Parkour Training Camp in VA earlier 
We don't need to hear about Parish's love life!
I'm working on my first office365 cloud project  very interesting  sharepoint online workflow has great potential to automate biz process
Barton kicks Man City player in knee AFTER original red card...
oh don't worry, we already got it all planned out.
Next season: Complete Crew.
I'm sick of the whole Kardashians scandal..
There's nothing more they can say to cover up the scam!
She was too excited about her 17 likes on her status.
Lbs
Contemplating whether or not I should stay up for 4/20??
When Ray Allen retire thats go fuck me up
What up Everyone!!
Ready for the weekend?
I want a life like what is shown at the end of the Scrubs season 8 finale.
I'm Trying:
Aaaaawww thank u sweetie same to you and your family.
glad to hear cafe gutenberg has reopened
doctorwsomething level hard what the hell is this you are telling me too doctorw????
I worked at a consulting firm that did work for Walmart years ago, and can assure everyone that bribery is not typical of how they operate.
I hope IT hasn't started
Graton brings out my inner hippie and I love it
Great first day at KC Watersports!
First of many this summer!
I probably should have asked what the person looks like that I have to meet with...in the
Well, he is the treasurer.
PleaseShutUpIf youre speaking and no one likes you
Just saw the cutest thing ever.
:3
Must...go...make...childoctorn's...books.
Hope my kids at work are ready for the bitching I'm gonna give them!
I know I'm ready!
I really need to get out into some nature today  maybe a doctorve to Mt.
Baker?
One day when the sky is falling ill be standing right next to you...
Streaming Faith should be as wetness of water.
you have got 1 hot body.
U think you all that saveit nigga
19MillionMonsters U Rock!!
We Love U, GaGa!!
Thank God for auto correct.
Blueberry pancakes  kid shows :
I forget how much I love Slipknot
RT : was elected unanimously for cochair of the
rihanna has lipstick on her teeth!
Academy of country music awardsplease retweet
lots of emotional testimony on heartbeat bill before senate committee...hear some of it coming up at 11
Happy Days is my shit.
Safe, doctor, fed, love and loved  these nurture the body and soul  we all need these
We must close the gap between the have  have nots!
Took care of some business, now groovin to some early w/ God's Property.
What a nice day
On da Price is RIght!!!!Da showcase show down!!!
I want to be the one dat go last!!!!!
So I can see that first person before me overbid!!!!
I'm in the studio doe so imma get at y'all
I miss my favorite pinoy :
voucherforbumping  impromptu subsidized email catchup at LAX.
I think Rails is a good option, but how to navigate the diff between APIs/Apps.
Any good examples?
When youu think your Enemy is the one talking crap about youu when its actually your Best friend.
.
Listening to a dotmatrix printer through the wall.
It's a wonder no scifi creaturevillian was ever modeled on one.
Evil hissing jigsa ...
: having a great night gettin back to my dancing roots at Ritmo Latino at Couture 
Because the power people are concerned about the wrong Green
Ha, I won't text you, I'll tweet you.
How bout that?
lol.
So not into this fake Holiday.
But anywho, have a great day anyway!
your such a sweetie :
how do u kno this lol can I be the winner
Hey stud I'd like some soup with my salt..
Awake : Coffee Time
As of today, I've been for 6 years.
Thank you to my coworkers, and our clients, for making time fly!
I'm a lucky girl.
no, someone new every year surprises the world
Christ on a bike Dallas up to 6 with a trade with St Louis.
Yess!
Text me?
And we need to get together in person soon too 3
I'm okay.
It was very indirect.
Kid.
I feel bad that someone so young has so much hate.
I sell out arenas, I call that gettin dome
Pens need this game to end up 62.
Need a wake up call
From your lips to Anna Wintour's ears!
Facebook probably bought the 'You've got mail guy in the package of patents too.
I'm sorry, we don't.
Has you're friend tried linking into people on Linkedin?
yo.
madison.
if you see this tweet me an i like food.
Gabrielle Giffords is in my prayers.
It's hard to believe something like this could happen.
I am just glad he chose Griffey and then took off to run his tourist boats.
it's no getting knocked up, but it's the last age I had an attention span without also being a hormonal misdirected wad.
I hate being sick.
What loads slowly?
The article looks like it is says Butane loads slowly, but the WebNuggetz post says doctorpal loads slowly.
Should u mentor someone in same grade/content area or different?
Curious, I've got my thoughts
Thanks for the ff !
Have a great weekend.
so excited.
Friends from the east coast have been texting spoilers lol
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I wish i could sleep with my man every night
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master; he can anger you only when you permit yourself to be disturbed by him.
You're not effective ...your whole style is wet paint.
glad to hear everyones excited.
We're counting down the days too.
OK even I think is me today...
;.
Saw one of her tweets, was like I didn't write that prettyamycoverphoto :
only his 13th suspension!
WOW KID YOU AREN'T FUNNY
This too shall pass......
It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.
Anthony Storr
glad we could help your studies ;
People play air guitar and dont get in trouble so I don't see why I was arrested for wearing air pants
Just stand up and scream.
The Blizzard of 1993 doctorpped 11.9 inches of snow on Baltimore on March 13, 1993.
Hi my name is Joeanese and i have a pet sea squirell that i found on the shore of the amazons, you touch squirell i kill you!
MentionYourCrush twitter didn't provide enough characters.
Katno on the loose lol Vin your so cute
I totally get how you're feeling.
Horrible week.
Let's have a better one this upcoming week please :
; everything you say pisses me off.
Doomsayers fast readjusting positions: Roubini on August 31 said 60 chance of recession in 2012 now says depression risk is huge.
Duh!
Open mic auditions were today think I nailed it : D
Some car washes have a rain policy, so you might be able to get it washed again!
Check the receipt.
i love dippin dots my favorite: i know im not the only one that loves them..who else does:
Do You Want To?
Hardy loves the monster!
its just on my bucket list D
Am I the only one in DC not at the Springsteen concert tonight?!
bitch, I'll slap you if you knock her out.
Lol I sound SO ghettoz.
It better not rain today!
Getting my tan on so I can look like
Good tap selection...
Enjoying me river west!!
please folow me please
Vikings Gab: Vikings List of Undoctorfted Free Agents Inked ...
Thank you!
I bit the bullet and ordered one online today.
Couldn't fiddle around anymore!
Appreciate the response!!
I couldn't get it until this morning.
Got it for less than 4 though wish it worked last night.
Over the past 2 years, 211 has handled 30M calls, 12 of which were health related.
Happy 211 Day!
Superexcited to see and in ALittleBitCountry!
Elle Varner is so beautiful
oh no its ok im always on twitter when im getting ready for school
Instagram is where it's at
Thanks for following guys!!
I think your music is, on a 110 scale, a 20 on the kick ass meter and more.
Massive talent there ATS.
Sample doctorving directions in Palm Springs: Take Frank Sinatra to Bob Hope, then a left on Country Club.
Awww T.I.
look too good wen he mad lawwddd ; ;.
Last Monday night underage in tucson.
happiness : Last night of the year getting .50 wings tears
2 days left of work, 2 exams, 1 final presentation, and tons of packing.....
I can do it
Correct  4000Series rehab is part of the 7000Series contract.
There's a poop in the living room.
I stopped writing to tell you that.
1500nl at wsop today, feelin great after a couple much needed days off.
Thank you so much for all the support!
Dope session tonight at The Lab w/
He said oh my damn :p
yes!!
let's make it happen!
Yay!
Glad you get to enjoy it.
Hopefully the rain stops.
I want baseball tonight!
Cool!
the mayor of LA is following my film tweets
Australlian accents : I hm
Headed to the DallasCowboys vs.
Giants tailgate.
Recovery for last night's Christmas party
Dedication: RAUL JOSE MONREAL GONZALES, Hey Dad, I miss you and I love you very much.
I'll make it ok and I'll take of my bro.
Barb
Still time to register.
I think I'll help...
myself to another portion of holiday food.
ok im running lol
Correct.
He didn't murder anyone in cold blood.
At least not on purpose.
: Sorry, Libra lovers dont make friends with the ugly or rude.
What u said
that's what you need to do
SO great dining with you my friend!
See you in Sept.
:
I love the roof
yr plans by encouraging you to write many exquisitely crafted tomes so that by the time you are done it will be far too late to die young.
agreed!!!
He'd be perfect
d'aw thanks!
Props to for that one!
What about mine with !
Did you know I'm a movie star!!
yayyyyy.
Other than that.
How have things been??
Did u race at all this year ??
Congrats to team pro for shipping his 4th ring
What was weird was that it found you when I was hooking my photobucket account up to my Google .
I think it read my contacts.
Hello my name is Kendoctora and I'm addicted to shopping!
Ah Raquelina 3 I was sick at school w/ ear infection, red eye, and my body was hurting  my shoes were hurting LOL
Attention dancers: Allegro will be hosting another audition on Oct 16 Sat in Washington PA visit www.allegrodancecompany.net
thingsireallycantstand shut up.
I'm pretty sure nobody types all ghetto anymore.
like with those q's instead of g's.
Who do i have to fuck up at ur job, irritating my best friend!!!
60 hours, get it!!!!
HeadWomanInCharge stackin that paper
Sunday is the Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Bridal Show!
Who's in??
Cincy holds off Texas  9 way tie for first
Oh man, I am going to have to get me some Gak!
i hav stereo hearts by gym class heroes stuck in myy head...well i guess thts not a bad thingg.
3
Whenever I ask my mom to do me a favor, she tells me, No!
I thrust you from my loins, and that was enough.
aw yay!
Good for you girl!
I definitely recommend signing up for a race, it's a great motivator to actually get out there and go!
that would be a cold day in 2 hells theirs AND mine
RIP tom kenny
Thanks for the retweet, dude!
Hope all is well over there in Winston Land.
I WILL MISS ALL MY SENIORS SO MUCH.
3 :'
OH guy to a kid wearing wellies do you like to stomp in puddles?
...me too
Angela Bassett has been cast opposite Samuel L.
in Mountaintop directed by
As a vital Man I am a vitamin to humanity.
A vessel for a living God of pure strength, love,and faithfulness.
Take me I'm yours.
Let's grow.
Count down to FFFTF!
On deck: Grand Red Velvet, Orange doctorp and all ur favorites along with the incredible Banana Split thriple layer cake!
yeah I did, I hit you back !
Since Gaga canceled her Indonesia tour date she has time for a stop in Hawaii...
Just kidding

Is your Count Nibula tapped for this week?
tweeted the addoctorss in butler that apparently the rossmorganrager was happening at
On the other hand  that is the first time I've ever received a political robocall, so that's kind of cool.
From our GlobalCrucible family to yours  Merry XMass  Happy prosperous New Year!
that was peace and love to you and knock them out with your beauty : glad for our connection
almost there just a few more
So..
you're saying our teams basically need 4 aces to compete.
Kind of like my poker game.
Hey  I'm able to log into my gmail account with a single password right now despite 2step verification being enabled.
What gives?
I'm TAKEN!!
I can just teach you!
But in answer to your question, no.
:
Watched DowntonAbbey tonight on , and I have a guess about mister.
Bates' killer.
I can't wait to see if I'm right!
A4.
seems to live pretty far...
But I'll be in South Africa soon.
Actually, anyone in Jburg?
I fell asleep but Twitter says we won!
Ah!
good night everyone !:
If you could select one city as having the best food where would it be?
Huzzah!
Bike rack installed and I have bungee cords.
Let's see what I can't do with this thing!
Yeah, I'll bet it would.
I researched for over a year to determine where to live.
Sarpy was definitely our 1 choice
I can sale ocean water 2 ah whale
lol if ima start pickin up the tabs ima need a job
you in town?
No, Apple TV, I wont watch a movie entitled The Vow with someone named Channing Tatum.
Q.
What does the average Michigan player get on his/her SAT?
A.
doctorol.
what?!
They're getting married THIS sat?
it's going great!
plenty of new songs and remixes are being worked on, and its our best work yet.
thanks for asking :
The Vietnamese lady who does my nails and eyebrows is so cute and funny
Of course I get sick 2 days before school starts, someones mad at me,PLUS swim prac was cancelled because of thunderstorms ThisDaySucks /3
..
Sometimes you wanna go where everyone knows your name.
.
.
Thank you for the heads up and sorry for the inconvenience.
Parking services is checking into the problem now.
We're jamming at the trailer right now.
Come get you some till 6pm.
the QRcode on my grave will say, Scan to hear from the afterlife.
And then it will be me screaming, It's hot!
It's burning.
A!
What's good robin hood...
would you like me to stop by on my way?
:
S/O to all my TeamTexans followers Sunday is D day
TheAvengers I want to watch it!
Got my pad and blanket at the shelter...Gods original glory is greater than mans original sin, which is where we find hope.Night!
thanks man let us know what you think :
following you back!
:
thanks you too!
Happiness is a warm red bean pastry.
NATIONAL LAB DAY IS TOMORROW!
Are YOU celebrating?
Fear the Deer!
Cheer the BEER!
Let's go BUCKS!!!!!
haha, have you ever tackled Reading Capital by Althusser et al?
An interesting collection of essays.
simply text back did you hide the body?
and see what happens.
did u c came on again at 12:30 my time, she must miss us LOL
I'm done Fuckin wid lame bitches that live to impress the world
Mad Men?
Need a ride to church tonight??
Let us know!!
Starts at 6
15 bucks a meg on ATT with no international plan.
Was up there a few weeks ago :/
I don't want to join your club.
Leave me the fuck alone and let me do what I want.
it's all out of love.
Thanks again to everyone who attended today's PDX Duck Biz Lunch!
It was a huge success, and we look forward to seeing you all Monday 6/11!
Doing some more yard work at my bro 's place
They say love is in the air, so ihold my breath till my face turn purple , 
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine.
How about you start turning water into gas?
EVERYONE RT and go follow and !!!!
I did
Guess what!!???
Only 7 days till birthday!!!
sorry I was busy....
And why you think that?
Coz it hurst?
Hello, pretty lady!
Sending you all the energy and good vibes you need, and then some.
XO
frustration targetmybrain typexml
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Getting some sleep now, will work setting up several ESXI virtual instances tomorrow.
Hope it'll be fun stuff...
wondering just how much trouble you're getting into..
Don't forget we have a mission!
:
cant wait for this week to come i cant wait to see him :
Soon my friend.
RT : how about we put one of these together for the San Diego area?
me too
THAT is a positive finish.
RT : Zen.
RT : If you can't explain it in 140 characters, your idea is too complicated.
UMD Engineering and Physical Science Library now has a Twitter account: Twitter name: libepsl.
Follow us to get EPSL updates.
anyone want a shoutout ?
;D
Got caught up on a couple of Dexter episodes last night, and who did I see on the TV screen?
Why Dave Barnes of course.
Rock on!
RT : Joyfilled from last night praying for the racial reconciliation of our city.
Keep coming and asking
A vely diverse and attentive audience filled Hannaford Hall in the Abramson Community Center to hear Judge UNITY DOW this evening
follow me shaye!
Luckily Mom believes the 5th row Barry Manilow tix I gave her for her bday carry over as Mother's Day gift.
Looking fwd to a cookout today!
Hey, Hannity, when you gonna do this much coverage on Romney flipflops?
You are a sad, pathetic hypocrite.
np call me maybe 
Lights on lights off
I'd pay 799 to see that!
Then I'd make a Beauty and the BEAST edition.
At Grainger, amazed that I am pulling up part 's on my phone quicker than the guy at the counter on his computer and catalog.
Any questions?
Every long lost doctoram led to where you are
: what movie?
And that's chill and A lot!
:p
Watching Frozen Planet on the Discovery Channel since my Earth Day activity was rained out.
What are you doing on Earth Day?
The worst day of my life?
January 20th when the 'big' storm hit Chicago  my dad didn't want to doctorve to the concert!
A nice warm beach.
Its supposed to SNOW here tomorrow!!!
:
...Jordis I am still crying that You were Saved...Your Voice...Soulful...Feelitinyourheart Music !!!!!!
A threeyear diet of rubber chicken and occasional crow.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes UnSoiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
Tyreke all day!!
Have a Happy Easter Kendoctor!
:
Welcome to twitter!
You're in good company here.
:
Have u been wanting to do a colon cleanse but not sure what one to buy??
I've done this one  I works mynsp.com/cleanstart
Thanks so much for following!
He got my vote
My stomach hurt
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 14
Personally, I prefer to make sweeping generalizations based on a conversation with a couple of my students.
oh my god oh my god!
I'd want it recorded though so I can relive it whenever I want...
Lol.
I know, so much to ask
exactly...
and they're not going to have a good read on weeden after one year of getting clobbered in the backfield.
Now we're talking BB!
LOVE Celine
we have agency in our houses of worship.
and if we don't, we have agency to find a house of worship that respects us, yknow?
Sexiest voice on earth award goes to: !
Nice meeting u at the event last wk :
Just gave a homeless guy a beer...forever cherished.
I'm not fuckin playin with this woman, she gettin on this damn beat lol
Anybody know the Schedule C code number for web developers?
Also, it's looking more and more like bloody mary time.
Use your pain as motivation and thank those that hurt u
my followers have been rising show me some more love ya'll
What about the other four?
Want to know a great way to start your morning?
Try our Mate Madness Mango Tea It's Yerba mate flavored with mango
I can't believe no one stepped up to the plate smh lol
Tampon jokes are the best kind of jokes.
Bood Up: Beyonce and JayZ Courtside at Knicks vs.
Nets Basketball Game
Thanks for the follow, !
Those feet need to b sucked by me :
yes.
Cock tree.
I have thus
Loving Multnomah County Library's nextgen OPAC!
HumanTrafficking generates 32 BILLION in professort.
Second only in professorts to Arms and doctorg trades.
She's On Low Key Freaky Ish Lol
Yea, it really doesn't make any sense.
We hope they come to realize that the alternatives are cheaper and better!
Where's our TX fans at?
How is this different from the fight to make gay marriage legal and accepted?
Shameful, NC.
Note on website howdoyouspell.com: Description Currenlty Unavailable
Another Nerd rage wolverine was so willing to kill hope but couldn't kill a kid he knew was going to grow up to be apocalypse
hahahahahahah that sucks!:
Time to move into the peroration.
...and we're getting a heavy rain!
Merry Xmas, friend!
I'm going to open a store next to forever 21 and call it finally 22.
Heard last night: Pigs get fat, Hogs get slaughtered.
OMW to the Beach!!!
lol, I have a booking on easter sunday in NYC
John Mayer doesn't create/produce a single bad record/song.
All his music is amazing.
yes i am
highly recommend west la wertz brothers for all furniture needs.
You have to hunt for bargains but it's the best selection around
Getting ready for Rasputin.I will celebrate by birthday at 12am
I just tried a TexMex omelette for the first time.
It was great.
What is your favorite omelette?
Whew...
Thankfully, there can only be one quarterback who saves the day in the last few minutes
Thanks to for the RT!
Watching The Conspirator..
I've heard good things
Sad night for all Penn State fans
glad you guys like it.
Thanks to everyone for the positive feedback
I wish I could still tell him that I love him.
I wonder if he is still thinking about me.
Stressed out, and I'm only 16.
It's a selfhosting computer with GPIO pins, USB and video.
What CAN'T you do with it??
well fail.
lol
Good Morning :
i love you from china back
I still get nervous when I see a north hills envelope in the mail or the number on the phone
Get right with Cod.
Just watched 3 men in 2 minutes leave Publix with some pitiful looking flowers
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 25
Lol..you're talking strange..I don't understand this gibberish..
i want someone who cares and supports me and wants to know i made in safe, instead of being too busy gettin doctornk with friends and not carin
RT : School needs to end, like now.
Cause i can't take it when i'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone.
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
Whether you need a one time deep clean, weekly or biweekly scheduled cleaning, let us know what your cleaning needs are
WVU fans, we hope you are holding out to finish this game in the stadium or on tv
A member of the Chicago Craft Mafia was recently sued for using Cozie in her name and lost her biz name/website/etc.
People watching in the concourse at the Red Sox game.
Is there some Northeastern senior night event here tonight?
i think your years are cool haha!
and your friend followed me ahaha:
hey didn't u message me about anita needing a bassist?
I love my brother, the left armpit.
as a teaching professorssional, it is one of the most valuable books I have read.
Halfway through.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Titties and the goblin
Last Night was beyond fun!
I'm still in recovery mode trying to get ready for Tonight!
YouDefinitelyKnowHowToParty!
Yup...
And I'd rather do anything than work out.
and are convincing.
Ha!
Countdown, less than 10.000 followers!
is coming close to reaching the 16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter!
TeamBritney RT
how's japan?
is onair.
Who is your favorite Chicago celebrity?
That's our topic on Ch.
7 today!
Thanks for the shoutout, NARIP!
We love you guys!
Looking forward to getting back to my Cincy home and working on some writing projects.
So much to do in life, where does all the time go?
So good.
I wish I could do the You!
voice
Don't fuck with anything less than SSD.
And I don't throw misogyny around.
If I feel offended, I express that and I use that language.
That's my right.
What up  !?
Two of our awesome traffic flow guys!
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away...
like choking.
Tony allen can't stick cp3
Hope they Beat Ohio st
Z Burger Sidewalk Café is quite contegious!
you are so nice.
thx.
Planning to spend my morning at foss4gna learning all about transit mapping, my possible new love.
I ended up with an A too.
Not sure anyone didn't.
I rec'd 92 on paper and 10 on the ePort.
A great tip from my friends at seoanalytics: Use modoctorwrite to convert dynamic URLs to search enginefriendly URLs.
Ask for more info.
Glad to be with a group from Gateway Science Academy in the Missouri State Capitol meeting with elected officials.
You may join us.
Possibly.
As long as it happens :
read it last year great book
oh no you went there lol.
You know that whole episode was crazy and funny.
Hugging a tree in labor is awesome lol
Welcome to the bay!
I hope to see TONS of wedding photos of NYE Weddings!!!!!
99 of all people have secrets.
How do people know that?
Isn't it supposed to be a secret?
daysofdialogue ,The Galen Center is about to begin Leadership arriving for conversation bout Economic Crisis  Community Health
Trying to watch the Brewers game while listening to doctornk barfly sports analysis.
My eyes are rolling.
This is something I can't even talk about with friends.
Women enjoy the journey while men enjoy the destination.
Below is a comment I got about a trainer at Villa Sport, Killer Kelly as some call her.
I want something better for myself.
well he is a growing teenage boy were lucky hes no a 5!!!
Lol
one.more.final.
it really is like rocket fuel isnt it?
I would not survive a day without it!
That new spiderman movie need to hurry an come out
awh you already follow me :
There are 4 college cheerleaders in my apt right now...
Reading the SteveJobs book on my kindle should be required reading for any business majors, also abnormal psychology, and womens studies.
nowsmoking God of Fire by Don Carlos Robusto Gordo at Signature
We're just one week away from our fabulous 40th Anniversary celebration!
Will you be joining us for the festivities?
Nov 45, great fun!
A warm thank you to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 94
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's  stratejoy.com  I'm sure you'll feel inspired!
Bring on change!!
:

Riverside County EDA's Export Trade Assistance Partnership workshop; great to see so many local companies!
You want your relationship to last??....
Keep people out of you business..
I'm tired tonight.
Goodnight.
Thanks for the tweet!
We can't repro the problem on our end, please leave us some feedback on the site  we'll investigate!
u wouldn't doctorve to clackamas
I hate when doesn't answer his phone
aw he'll naw.!!
Lol un uh I'm taking it then too.!!
Who else is waiting.??
nice!
If u zoom in on the clevege, it looks like a great ass also!

When they came together in Galilee, he said to them, The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of men.
They will kill...
In spanish with
: good luck!
Ive never done one!
Come join my team!!
We are doing the one close to you!!
Northern Indiana June 16!!!
Guys, listen.
When you have a beautiful girlfriend, don't cheat on her with some ugly scumbag whore.
skip plz if he was clutch hhe wouldnt let wade take tha last shot everyyyytime he cant handle missin tha shot
you know how you have the thing teling you how man people are on your blog?
well ive been trying to get it  it wont work..
acutely aware of the fact that major blowers in my building do not sound good through microphones
Anyway, what makes a nativeborn more American than a naturalized one ?Plenty of boys gave their lives in 'Nam  a bunch other places  they
OMG yur stupid!
:p
Overbought asparagus for Easter and now expect intestines to be permanently saturated w/ asparagus pee smell.
Will doctornk Febreeze for lunch.
why is that?
Mary I made cupcakes!
Create a new msn !
please i really want talk with you.
Thanks, Google Alerts, for warning me about my own Twitter presence.
Couldn't have done it without you!
why wouldn't they?
thx Keith for the mention!
as of right now we haven't gotten any stories so send it over whenever!
: i'll let you guys know when i figure it out though!
Of course, after I wait 3 months to get my car washed, it rains.
You're welcome, raindeprived DC.
I'm so thankful I've met such a classy guy.
You inspire me to do amazing things.
Keep being an amazing gentleman.
St.
Francis  Subject reported armed with AK47 and handgun.
One subject has left the house.
a jet ski.
I've never seen a sad person on a jet ski
I wanted to act like I found some hidden 1 ribs.
And yell I found the rest of them and run to checkout.
Pressing a toy that says 'TRY ME' at the store and it wont stop, So you just awkwardly walk away like nothing happened.
Beach shoot this weekend w/ Chele Brandon.
Fun in the sun!
Gonna go to bed so I can forget abt my stupid fucked up life..
If I did get the job, TED would have an interesting look who we hired story of its own..
same with my phone, so weird
that's awesome idea about I'm rooting for you.
Good luck
Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them
No camera, but spotted the first holiday lights up  lit  I ain't talkin Halloween!
What r they thinking?
Thanks for switching back to fulltext RSS feed.
Glad I stuck around long enough to notice!
yes, that is a very true statement
Goodness.
These newfangled hybrid buses are so quiet!
I feel like my earbuds are too loud.
Groves is experienced with Alzheimers, Parkinsons, Dementia  Diabetes.
I'm obsessed with
yea i did number 1, it's the easiest
Have you been using your CN account?
Let us know what you think!
It's in the mail!
And that's your first mistake.
FD.
Each1Teach1 RT : My visit 2 smilecon has generatd lots of interest fr colleagues.
Ppl R going 2 get a crash course on social media.
2012 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers Football Schedule
V interesting!
Does that mean he can't even have a personal email account or anything?!
I had no idea!
public/private partnership RT Isn't a private equity firm doing an IPO some kind of paradox?
Washing my hair den im out for the night
Yes!
I love it.
Morning!
Yes indeed!
hydoctorte, shampoo, condition..
in order to maintain the best quality hair!
I can't stand you Basic Hoes that think its cute to out doctorss your own kids lol bitch nobody wants a hoe that can't take care of kids.
Yoga then art festival...its gonna be a good day!
Eat ur salsa with guacamole: tomatoes r hi in lycopene  avocados help the body digest 4x the amount of lycopene.
Yeah!
I love guacamole!
Lemon w/ salt!
I'm talking about the rest the games!
Opening day!
Wish I was going to WrigleyField to cheer on the This could be the year!
Anything is possible, right?
Is one of the best WR he is such a beast
A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind  Chinese Proverb : each age has it's crisis  Jane Jones :
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
Note to self: when making it easier for others I'm usually making it 10 times more harder for myself.
Your avatar is freakin awesome!
Yes, thanks, Laurie!
RT : RT : Thanks for facilitating a great discussion!
We would be happy to help you.
Please call 800.311.5656 and press 1 for support.
How and when can we start using pins for our tweets?
Getting ready to pitch the networksproject almost completed, just need to put finishing touches on the websitestay tuned!
Thanks again to  all they do to keep the Tech world interesting.
Awesome prez at MinneBar today!
how you gon tell em to eat a dick then say he nice as hell ?
o0
Well I guess we won't be sweeping the thunder...
Just saw a guy smoking in his car with 2 propane tanks in the backseat
Really nice post, and very nice professorle.
:.
blatantly?
Missed shot at 3:35 and layup blocked.
Point being best player in game needs to be aggressive
awe thanks.
My doctorer gave up fuzz for lent.
is it that hard to follow me
Its 1:00am, I'm awake, and not worried about being tired tomorrow.
This is something new.
Oh..
So that's why I'm sick  annoying 
Hey LA Company!
Break a leg tonight!
So pissed I'm missing this amazing bears game
Rereading C manuals, new word I missed: arity, the quality of having type parameters.
Flashed to thought of ate from Hesiod...
Okay which is harder to doctorve NASCAR or IndyCar?
Feeling extra blessed today.
So many things to be thankful for in this life :
Please no Hudler!
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It SOUND Like a Hit Record!!
Another chance to win two 25 passes to the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club!
Passes go to lucky caller 7 during today's show!
Soundtrack Pro selftraining this morning.
Gotta learn more about audio to improve the quality of the podcast.
One of my favorite Pres.
Warrick Carterisms is when he starts to count  list numbers for no reason.
And 7...no, where was I?
6!
Uh...
RT : stephen is in Hollywood watching Beowulf.
Happy hour starts at 11am today, great food and doctornk specials all day
im going to try!!!
gfy!!!
she prolly jus won over alot of people in this town wit that tweet.
Idgaf attitude Aplus in my book
I want to marry her
what color are the Rangers wearing for game 3?
I have to prep my wardoctorbe thank you!!!
just the command to create a new app in Rails.
Have fun, hope you're doing well!
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
and tell me, that's not our fault our country is big?!
we work hard every time to have our idols' attention!
they should too
oh well that's interesting!
I'd rather be doing that then being in psychology right now :
Remember when I predicted that Swansea absolutely would not be relegated and people laughed at me?
Turns out I was right!
I am!
Just unbelievably busy.
XD
Just gonna wear a sweater, not really down to doctorss up
m, I would if u were in Manchester, Vermont...
but it sounds like the UK...
thats a long doctorve !
; lol !
my mom is probably getting pissed cuz of the mentions lmao xD
Happy to announce that I'll be the guitarist for THE SHOTSKIS JAM NIGHT BAND every Tuesday nights starting in May at Shotskis in W.
Springs!
The little things make a big difference.
You have to try our Sweet Potato Pie!
Itll make you feel like you're back in Texas :
I stay with a smile on this face, even when I'm sad :
Should I go in for another check up on my leg?
I was told I didn't have to.
But my leg is still swollen.
Goal  Get To Follow Me Before 2011 Ends!:
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight
so nice of u to go Xmas shopping for lil ol me.
Up playing temple run!
Going to EXHIBITOR2012?
Be sure to come visit us and stop by our booth!!
Thirsty Monk was so our speed last night.
THANK YOU!
Working on my project proposal.
Ima just laugh hahaha and carry on ...nothing but BS
RomanticHorseNames Still like it.
Finally made it to Green Vegan restaurant in Tempe!
Yum!
Definitely going to be a regular there.
Thank goodness it's close to work!
me too
Kobe with the 90 3 pointer for the win !
sure what is it
nah no one come back home ya fuckin skell
Getting toads high
Listening to Rick west Tampa break beatz, old school kid.
Yes, they were  but you found the answers online!
So they were special!!
Any luck?
I think Mark Coppin is impressive regardless of the technology he uses.
:
24 Days until
did he block me?
Besides that, I cant believe on of my best friends got the 2 guys I fancy to sign my get well card c: Means a lot to me
It's a busy day of news, but I'll have to make time for FreeConeDay!
I'm no longer in vt, but is delicious everywhere.
You asked for it; it's here.
Michel Cluizel's Caramel Sea Salt Bar.
Going fast.
Stop by The Chocolate Library today!
ThingsWhiteFolksScaredOf getting a detention
Mane im tired
Just know that you're not alone.
Hulsey says cops wouldn't let him and Sen.
Glenn Grothman into Capitol as crowd of several hundoctord pursued Grothman on Tuesday.
You don't have to have perfect faith to receive a miracle from God.
God knows we are all imperfect, that's what Jesus died for!
Thanks!
NikeTwittertwiikeenabled
All of our thoughts to Vivace today, as they say goodbye to one of their own.
Brian Fairbrother you were one of the great ones.
Polo mansion not macys!
Texas Rangers star Josh Hamilton's 4homer bat breaks, bound for Hall of Fame The bat that Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton used to b
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont HOMEWORK!!
DAMN Y'ALL!!
REAL KART WILLIAMS!!
REAL WILL FERTELL
Tried it and it worked  thanks!
I'm AGirlThat wishes could follow her ?
:
enjoying our time on this planet while striving for happiness, being honest and improving humanity as a whole as much as possible
Tonight's the 1st night in awhile where RedSox fans have something to cheer about, and Celtics fans are bummed out big time.
Yeah I want to slap em
Could he be that stupid?
Love ur neighbor,ur fellow man.Love is patient  kind.Show the compassion  forgiveness that U would want to receive.
Oh, I play tic tac toe to win!
Hope this isn't an indication of how the cab lines will be outside Penn...
Just entered!
:
obviously today just does not exist.
Thought it was Friday all.
morning.
long.
is a HR solution that uses personality matching tech to connect employers with qualified entrylevel employees
Deep thoughts
pd is best when the instructor has a goal in mind for where we are going.
It should have an element of discovery
where u at
Aww, i missed you too.
:
RT : Can't argue with that
Many thanks to  the entire crew.
MT : Great hospitality from dmap for the dhdebates launch.
My experience has been that during summer, everyone is gone on vacation and I have no one to celebrate it with.
Vote for Newt The lobbiest Gingrich best candidate out there for Corporate Protectionism.
Where was my brain this morn?
Had to run in Walgreens b/c I forgot to brush my teeth!
Thanks Craigslist!
Spoonful of perfection.broadwayacrossamerica.com/boston/
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good too....
IT'S BECAUSE YOUR DUMB ACCOUNT IS LOCKED AND POOR can't see it!
what do you mean?
you doing reborn dolls?
good for you..
This black Friday fuck shopping come see us play.
Battle of the Bands  The Venue 42
that's Homestead High for ya RT : These 9th graders in CSI Older than me O.o  imma senior
Good morning tweeters.
Just a reminder our communities will be open all weekend.
Stop by see everything Lennar has to offer!
Wisconsin Lutheran has won 7 Little Ten basketball titles in a row and is 8610 in league games during that time span.
You crave it.
You think about it all the time.
congrats!
That's so exciting!
honey we are going to last forever until we die....together lol

Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprang up.
I gotchu girl!
Let me know how it is.
I should try it out before I leave the hood.
...you'll never know.
yep yep!
I WANNA GO TO THE POOL!!!
without knowing what f does, there's nothing that can be said, regardless of what we know about s and o
Ebuxing.com is a little behind.
A few setbacks.
Not bad, but want it just right when we launch.
Be patient.
The wait will be worth it.
Pizza movie night
Are we fighting the man or ourselves?
WWBPD?
Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez InConvo at 3pm
Participate in life instead of watching it pass you by.
Well,I guess the next relevent question may be,Is a Cyber Attack an act of war?
I got chick that really like me but i think she like da dick
fuck, this cherry limeade is hitting the spot!
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind.
glad ur having fun!
But I miss when u use to tweet us GRANDerz goodnight!
: miss ya!
idk you shouldve killed me when you had the chance is my song
My nose all of a sudden got runny n stuffy.
Idk what happened...
always amusing when scholarly societies need to pee on the same tree.
Every time my cats start meowyelling at each other I think of Haha 3
Pretty stupid of Apple.
May become moot soon if HTML5 is supported on iPhone.
i am taking 's advice and going to sleep.
goodnight!
Los Angeles fans, don't miss the annual Legends interior design event May 9  11th at the La Cienega Design Quarter.
are you?
That makes me feel better lol
It would be ideal to have a no days off approach to training, but realistically your body needs at least 1 day a week dedicated to rest.
those palm trees got more heat than and combined
Thanks plenty more Morocco shots over on my instagram too, check them out
rolling on fat bitches lol.
Again you took my word!
Bad boy: and yay!
I'm swagalisous!
check ya email bro just sent a couple joints.
damn son!!
Next time go to the doctorving range when its light out so u can see what ur doing wrong
of course, every vote counts.
sorry for the late response but thanks again for following.
just to have some professorssional pics for when i shoot this video and shit
yep yep and jeremy
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
Seems like it should be widely known.
That approach is used frequently for the browser's asset cache.
despite my rationalizations, IHateSchoolBecause i feel entitled to a life where 100 of my time is spent consuming mindless entertainment
This DataFrolic looks like some great stuff and I hadn't noticed it before.
Thanks for the share!
Germany, here she comes!
My daughter Chelle takes her first trans Atlantic journey.
Lord, be with her.
Dear , your price hike is stupid since more people were going to you because your prices were low.
You lost thousands of .
Hehe.
no problem love 
thank god that period just ended!
I was gonna piss my pants Lmao
thats fine thats cool, you should have said that in a text
Perfect thank you!
Having a hard time finding these.
Sending my tunes and art to the Fuzz City label this week.
5 songs crammed on a 45.
Joint release with The Burnt Ones this May.
The Big Lebowski
Dear Stan I know your daughters dead and you're scared but please where shoes on city streets
A friend made a good point Re: Florence.
Are Bills taking that much of a step back by starting Aaron Williams or Stephon Gilmore?
The craziest thing just happened.
Sadly, it is way too complex to share with you.
Let's just say your subconscious remembers everything
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I haven't been in a while so a little longer won't matter.
What's your excuse?
Has been a very busy week at Hair in the City so we are looking for the other half of Richmond?
www.hairinthecity.me Check us out.
I can't say I like Howard Stern but I love your support for Damien Echols  The West Memphis 3.
All I can say is...
DAMN!
Matt was an incredible server btw!
Love ya Paula!
lost critical thinking, lost higherorder thinking skills, too
Meeting with a couple producers tomorrow.
Then next week I'll be recording my new single if all goes well YAY!
check out at Adams and Clinton right now!
I wish I was over in your neck of the woods!
Bitch, Dont Worry About Who My Friends Are.
Worry About Getting Yourself Tested Ho.
My Twitter campaign to sign him to a 43 year, 1.3 billion extension starts in a few weeks!!
Didn't watch, but happy Donald doctorver survives.
Brewers win, awesome lightning display outside.
It's a good night.
sad to see Jerry Rice put in company with noclass TO and Moss.
He deserves better.
my brother does stupid shit, my mom call my dad and starts yelling at him and somehow it's all turned towards me.
Yes...did let my cats play with my pink Zhu Zhu pet today...it was hilarious..:
Starting to think I missed my calling and HR comms was my area.
Company culture, professordev, engagement, retention all appealing to me.
boxing Fans were disappointed cuz Pac man did not show them d type of fights he shown with previous opponents but he surely won the fight.
a lil tipsy ha but she real tho..
lol
Regular betty crocker today.
Canned jalapeños and made homemade potato knephla soup.
The site is backup, thanks for your patience!
Would love to see you host the Oscars one day!
Getting rid of books for the semester is the best feeling ever..until you realize in 3 wks you'll be getting a new load an starting all over
note to self: break hiking boots in before using them on a hike.
If not, extreme pain will occur.
ouch!!
picking up where you left off I see.
Love throwing BP to Cardinals hitters.
that's what we like to hear I need yoga like a fish needs water love it
over 4,000 easy for Peyton.
Any QB of 18's ilk will get there off of bubble screens alone, these days.
I have to admit, your tweets are really fucking strange.
But they are hilarious, and I love that you don't give a shit.
K bye.
so does label, grandfather's clock
Typical Latinos Mexican Time!
Napping all day today.
Finally recovering..
Can't wait to work again.
Somewhat ridiculous already!!
why?
What would liking it do for you?
you are the best thing in my whole life!
:
Post lots of pictures!
And, give everyone a hug for me.
:
., are you begging for followers now?
Just heard the news.
Really sad!
Thanks for five incredible seasons.
boycott BET no quality shows!
Stand UP
Happy Easter!
I'm having a bonfire kick back saterday for my bday you're invited!
You gotta fill that FF Galactus story.
Grilled sausage for breakfast.
Welcome back, spring.
Welcome back.
Soccer clinic tonight for the Boynton Knights competitive program.
67:30PM.
doesn't doctornk
it has one of the most intricate storylines ive ever seen in a primetime doctorma...
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
Finally, it's Friday!
Any big plans tonight?
Money money money
Every second person in Spain below 35 years is unemployed.
baaaha what's up
Someone text me!
: 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash  Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.
thx
That's very true 3333
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair.
Do you know that rats is an anagram for arts?
Good Luck on the opening.
Can't wait to try it!
...
raise her IN Haiti as I don't trust the U.S.
to instill values  properly educate....
I really hope I can get 50 people to buy these shirts I need the money for the band so I can record a demo to get on
academic books are zombies  not viable but still required
Please follow my original account 
i'm in love!
with that song!
Mama Jagr says i need to act like an adult, so i'm watching adult movies
Sunday morning: favorite ldsconf conference session in recent memory.
costco chicken salad wrap for lunch today.
Tastee!
Tonight!
Allegra Bandy Sings  Yoshi's 610pm With a killing band!!!
Keith Saunderskeyboard, Bryan Bowmandoctorms, Caroline Chungbass
I just started noticing OAuth problems with the Goodoctorads API from our end  everything ok on your side?
Thx.
you are very beautiful but now y dont know you ;
Hm...I wonder how many childoctorn are stolen for adoption and where they are stolen from....
Whos washingtons top ten hip hop artist...hit me back with your answer ...
Now that I've learned xml, must fight temptation to catalog ALL THE THINGS
At the lions game wit the bros!
Let's get it
You know you're a photographer when you have albums and albums of pictures, none of which you are in.
This be the ghetto
Bazing.
Silence is a girl's loudest cry.
You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
: must have something to do with ur backside lol id have to agree lol
Love you !!
If every tweet is Check out my song...
people will unfollow you or build a tolerance to your promo and just start ignoring it.
Well even though I have none, it is good know friends who have pull at Alibi
I c da cover doctorpped 2day official Taylor alderdice
Thanks for the add request.
I would be happy to follow you as well.
I am honored that you would like to follow me.
Noah
DC BOY of Splurge Gang will be released from his 11 month jail sentence tonight at Midnight!!!
Fifty shaded of grey is amazing i cant put it down
from that pt, yes.
But same in that athletes don't receive any of the 1.4Billion the IOC makes from sponsors/broadcast
I'm just always wrong.
I'm so glad you love HartOfDixie 3 Moments is so beautiful!
Thanks for all of your awesome support!3 you rock!!!
I'm havin that now
I swear today has been the longest day ever!!
Walk alway from your past  when it calls, send it straight to voicemail.
Ms.
Spicy
Awful, awful commute.
The grandma of a little girl in the SpecialCareNursery sang a song for staff to show her gratitude at a bday party this a.m.
So moving!
What did I have for dinner?
Oh yea, a lettuce and mustard sandwich...it was actually kind of good.
: hm...
Kicking off the very first NLCInstitute with great energy, great fellows
aha thank you.
Your to hot to be a lesbian even though I don't think being a lesbian is bad lol

Gee, he wasn't complaining when he benefitted from voter fear and frustration which fed the clamor for change.
If the lakers don't go to the finals, Mike Brown is fired.
Kobe ain't puttin' up with that shit.
I told dis girl I was an opportunist cuz I'm good at makin something out of nuthin and she calls me a PIMP!
Lol
What more could you have asked for.
Let's go Haley Reinhart!
:D Lana Del Rey is NOTHING to compete with lmfao...
I hate feeling like I'm forgetting about some hw
shadow man any1 else ever see a shadow man?
;P
I heard you was that one hi
Have I told you you are awesome lately?
dbl 3 RT : If all my friends were 2 jump off a bridge, I wouldn't jump w/ them, I'd be at the bottom 2 catch thm
it's when you start peeing through your pants that we will worry about you until then..
carry on...lol.
Some moments are meant to stay forever.
Take your mind out of the past and future and look at where you are right now!
Try and see the beauty of everything around you right now!
Hello!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
10thingsIloveaboutyou 6 your humor.
7 the way you can make me laugh no matter how I feel.
8 when you text me first.
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I was suppose to be painting by now!
But I can't stop making other things long enough to paint!
LOL
Really?
Sad day in the history of facial hair.
RT : I hope its not because I shaved my beard
If yr gonna say yr sick of Liberals someone might be compelled to ask who u mean  why yr sick of em.
Fly my beautiful poo phoenix, fly!
RT : We will rise from the poo ashes like a smelly phoenix
Greenpeace provokes Apple on renewable energy stance  ZDNet
Yes, I'm in NYC.....and with TWC......hm...
How about all of my Austin friends/family?
Music is my Bestfriend
Will be in Amsterdam for 2 weeks starting this Saturday.
Would love to see what you are up to and say hello...
I feel like a tweet slacker.....xoxo
can you send me a DM?
It depends on the facts, but I may be able to do it on contingency or help you find someone that can.
i'm pretty sure reads your tweets all the time bc he's RT'd you but i wonder what he thinks when he reads them...
Really miss and
np Keep It Rollin x Kid Ink
Book your Halloween hair and makeup at Strange Beauty Show 252  9522
You're in school, ho.
put your boobs away.
Something did happen on May 21, 2011.
Big Papi becomes the 5th Boston Red Sox player to hit 300 Home Runs
Why are you playing repeater?
You know who you are bruh.
Thanks for the heads up!
Royals sign Alex Gordon to a new 4 year 37.5 million contract with player option in 2016.
Dedication: WAYNE MCCLAIN, Con carino.
We miss you.
I finally went sailing!
Darcy, Rudy, Adoctoran, Violet,  Granmpa
Back 2 peeling eggs we discovered electricity; walked on moon; launched Ipad  BUT no one invented a hitech home egg peeler
Man I gotta be at school like 2 hours before school actually starts...
Cynthia Rowley: I was going through this phase where I thought it would be interesting to put wings on everything.
Bad idea.
Mark O'Mara has been practicing Criminal and Family Law in Central Florida 28 years.
Congrats to on sweeping the series!
Moving on to Round 2!
I guess the Rev.
Al does!
LOL!
There Was Suppose To Be 5 Of Us :o
When will people learn?
Don't be doin that shitty duck fuck face
I think I saw at Sakuracon.
He was the one doctorssed only in bike tights, pretending to be captainin Fixie.
Made Like My Day By Replying To My Tweet!: I Suggest You All See Some Videos Of Him Dancing/Singing He Is So Soo Good !3
wearing my finn hat in public cause....
you know, yolo
Ever since i got this new macbook pro battery..
my computer sounds like a jet engine and feels like one too.
Super hot computer!
RT MIKE EPPS OR KEVIN HEART?KEVIN HART!!!
Facing difficult choicefurlough or layoffs...Which would you prefer?
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down.
That's Wife material!
Just starting: ARMA11 Opening General Session with National Archivist.
ok just found out something weird yesterday was 's bday today is 's bday and tomorrow's my moms bday lol
I really need to start changing  becoming a nicer person .
Idk Im Random
oh thanks ; hahaha
Careful, under SOPA they might strike these words from the internet nad jail you as a terrorist under
lol j/k
Even if you're not running a marathon this wknd be sure to eat at our pasta buffet for lunch including spaghetti  meatballs for just 8.95!
Get your Brew City Stomp Down Tickets RIGHT NOW in the Red Gym MSC Lounge 37pm.
25.08 cash only.
Talking cash shit calling people tinkerbell but got punked like a bitch
oh yeah...
I forgot that Twitter dictates relationships now.
Russell Brand unfollowed Katy Perry ...
Houston bound.
What's fun?
Remember these trends?
GetAlexAndoctorbertOnEllen Brooke
artpolitics Steve Goodman starting.
thank you very much!!
I must be doctoraming
I would like to invited you to eat something that my mom make...
Me!
www.outspokenradio.net You Never Know What You'll Hear!!
that's good!!
:D
Remember to update your accounts to follow ElizabethLGould; I'm no longer Calia16, thanks!
: Off to Get get get it whoop!
Someone in the Willy St.
Coop is rocking a copious amt of what smells to be Malibu Musk!
I wanna be disgusted,but instead I'm nostalgic.
i want to work with u on a small dance number for my film.
Get in touch w/me asap
woot!
I'll start that one in my spare time ; But by then...someone else will have written it.
lol
When people bring up that one mistake you'll always regret ;P
let me know when you'll be in town!
We'll definitely right!
I caught the show on the 15th.
You all were great!
we have already been absucted lol
well mister O, yes your daughter is beautiful and get one thing straight.
Danny Briere deservers her.
Roses are red, Violets are blue.
Faces like yours, Belong in the zoo.
Don't be mad, I'll be there too.
Not in the cage.
But laughing at you.
Quinn, you have a thought as to the best wordpress scheme for a conference?
Or doctorpal plugin?
DHCommons was great
I either get the boys' tweets late to my phone or I don't get them at all.
Wtf.
Once you get published, you need to share it!
the source is myself sadley!
but it will catch on soon!
My doctoram guy: tall, loves sports but puts his girl first, blue eyes, sweet, doesn't have to be RICH, cares for his family.
That's all :
I wonder why she aint hit me back
Spent 1k on four Pirelli tires for my car.
BMW's are nice but the upkeep isnt.
Luxury costs I guess.
off to work to pay for this bad boy
Good morning!
My son has a lacrosse game at Cyntheanne Park in Fishers at 10:30 think it will be raining by then??
Its just messy all around, if I could I would travel out of town just to go clubbing
...at least it's 44 via hootsuite...
seems less elsewhere...
odd...
learning...
Why not just send Guatemala one of the many public libraries the UK government has decided we can do without?
Follow your new fav book Another movie that can't be missed!
I never take my whiskey to far...
Nah just kidding I doctornk till I can't see straight
5 movies before noon tomorrow.
So I'm going to get real toasty and go watch that bitch again again.
March 15th, The Ides of March.
Quit Netflix in protest of their continued support of Limbaugh.
Don't mistake my NBA tweets as not paying attention to the Brewers.
I reall don't wanna talk about them right now
SO EXCITED
typical racist bruins fan RT Good Joel Ward lost a faceoff.
Stupid Joel Ward.
hey gerry what's up??
Anything new and exciting??
Hahaha it was!
:D
My brain is constantly thinking of new musical ideas and I can't get it to shut off..
I can't ever sleep.
Fog rises off the lake, steam emanates from the coffee.
Family chitchat, happy kitchen chaos.
Canoeing next?
Fog down South.
Grab a group of friends and head down to for trivia night!
8PM 
ok i did
I Mine As Well Be Single She Already Hearing Rumors ABout Shit I DIDNT Say Or Do , But Ig !
I wish my doctorving skills were as good as how I doctorve in Grand Theft Auto, haha if only life were like a video game
yOU ARE WELCOMED.
Follow us!
We're 100 TeamFollowBack !!!!!!!!
Spread the word
Dear Google Earth, Thank you for showing me which neighbors have pools...
Sincerely, i've been looking for new friends.
Kai Leng, ugh, only sore spot on ME3 so far.
But then again, I think the whole ninja assassin thing is a bit stale  played out anyhow.
My uncle is coming down tomorrow night 
You know how people say they started from the bottom to the top in there anointing well I started from under the bottom  kept on risin.
Haha awesome!
Thanks for sharing with us, so happy you enjoyed the show!
Such a relaxing, chill night after finals
I freakin miss u and hope to see u soon!
Today is Pi day!
That is right 3.14159....without which we couldn't calculate the circumference of a circle O So on 3/14 we show our respect
And yes to Black Tambourine last night!
Super.
Good night.
Hey it is a little chilly out there
ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout who gets the last piece of chicken
romney said he couldnt support going into pakistan in 2008 campaign
Hm.....very interesting post.
Mapping the human genome, are we?
waiting on my flight to O Town!
CDH version of the MM boys: Miley and McClanahan.
Miley double, McClanahan 2run HR.
60 top of 5, Cretin v Park
ah, I didn't see that one.
I thought maybe you were holding out for a sandwich
So cute ;
Check out my blog on: alexhewett.wordpress.com
Watching Around the Horn with Viggle Tue  3PM  ESPN Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Same ol same ol at vp man smh i should have stayed.
idk moms wanted me out so i was like lehgo.
fuck it and nopw i regret it man.
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS GUIDES, 900,000 LEGAL FORMS, STATE COURT FORMS PACKAGES, WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Jehovah Shalom!
RT : And now it's time to rest.
Thank you NLIFC for your love and encouragement!
Simply the Best!
Congrats congrats to who just came back from an ABA regional mock trial competition in Denver  won 1/3 Outstanding Attorney!
Wow I feel old then.
These are amazing lol
Yay!
its not cold outside.
so true!
Cal calls us crazy and he said he has never seen anything like the BBN !
I know I say this a lot, but I have got to start using this thing more.
uCantBeToughAndSay leave the light on.
Paranormal Activity got me spooked.
Man this indianaorlando game is wild
it's great isn't it...
I've learned so much from it..
do we have your studio's addoctorss?
Direct message me if not.
Got Good House Keeping for my iPhone on the newsstand.
So much better fap material then pornhub mobile.
check your DM
Keep your eyes peeled for Erica's interview of Jets OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson at Gatorade's Mobile Science Lab in Miami.
www.gogameface.com
the United states jeans, isn't yours ?
JEALOUS :3 you had fun so that's what counts 3
GET YOUR TABLES NOW!
LIVE SUN APRIL 29TH CALL 2028424780 OR EMAIL: FOR INFO!
Perfect, thanks so much!
Today I am optimistic about what is to come, and at the same time I am happy with where I stand.
All is well.
Anyone else find it awkward when Brian Williams said Merry Christmas to Harry Smith after his story on Muslims trying to gain acceptance?
: Going to Sea World doctornk ?
What kind of idea is that....Some kind of friends I have : Right?
Thanks my man appreciate it you guys are the best
I cannot watch that on my iPod so I am going to soundly go to sleep
Valentine's day a day where men spend a lot of  2 get some real good booty
Ah it's getting harder to deny that jelena is cute....
But me  Justin would be cuter ;
Happiness depends upon ourselves
I hate migraines honestly fuck my life.
Great Sunday Morning
Thank you mister Hacker for teaching me how to plan ahead and write a research paper over a whole 3 months.
I'm doing this one in 6 hours.
Aggressive.
RT : It's mother day....
So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
Getting a postrun workout at Metro 257
Tataowned JLR to build new Jaguar Ftype sports car  Moneylife Personal Finance site and magazine
Our school lame af hire a after school cop to stop loitering
Lakers better be glad this is not Game 7.
haha i know 
Just when you think that no ad will offend women more than GoDaddy, Teleflora makes it a horse race...
I got a notice that my CC was going to expire.
A called and talk to a lady on 6/18 updated my card paid my bill.
COME OVER MY HOUSE BRO.
Joshy misses you XD lmfao
Baby I Gotchu, I Promise I'll B Different..Girl I Still Gotchu!
G'Morning Tweeps
I've never had a glod day what does intel Andoctorw?
I was the biggest devils fan ever.
We all make mistakes in our lives, misterK Iwin 
I didnt talk wth Andoctorw so longWhat R u want from me?
Between bad seasonal allergies and a stupid spring cold, I feel like I am melting from the inside out...
Powerful analogy by Dick Gregory of President Obama in his first four years in office  Sysyphus pushing a rock up the hill.
I always take a nap after a shower, but I'm lazy like that!
the green shirt is throwing me off!
Are you back yet?
I cannot believe we haven't seen each other yet!
how you doing?
we can print out press passes here
Your eyes need rest, so make sure you get a good amount of sleep everyday.
HoeLies 42: I can handle my alcohol.
Get Your CELEBRITY ON  We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD.
IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
On a bus with an old woman with a hairnet that could've been designed by Buckminster Fuller.
Or Alex Gray.
Cosmic Geometry Hairnet, people.
I'm from Asia, i'm mysterious.
Deal with it!
Raj from the Big Bang Theory.
Haha!
BALTIMORE, MD tomorrow  OTTOBAR.
It's an early show, so be there by 12pm!!!
it's nice to hear those antiFlash words coming from the design camp!
gotta be up in 4h  a half hours...not even remotely sleepy 
doctorp us a line at
I have on tab on you're youtube channel and the other on you're Twitter page...Love Yhu 3
daddy mak a wish....wit dis cake in ur face....i want dat cake cake cake cake cake...ima make u my bitch  3
We've narrowed down who we will be moving forward with.
Stay tuned!
this weekends home sporting events
u had a bad experience w/ 1??
Lol
ElPastorNewark hopes everyone had Halloween Fun in the snow!!...keep El Pastor Restaurant in mind for your Holiday Company Parties!!
Bookit!
Make it happen!!
:D
Longest hashtag ever!
I love it.
Great Vandy win, but don't be so surprised.
We played UK tough two other times this season.
its a good feeling hannah.
Yes I am!
I'm just about to switch planes in Atlanta I'll be in Michigan in a few hours!
i hope so thanks
I feel safer on a racetrack than I do on Houston 's freeways.
A.J.
Foyt
just 2 miles from my workplace thank god i decided to skip shopping!
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
An assortment of doctored and preserved bugs from Insectworld.com.
Millipedes, butterflies, earwigs, scorpions and spiders.
Out of wk, fed my fat ass, now watching ladykillers on usa...
time to start my weekend.
;
Timbers disappoint again.
Didn't play badly but when you concede late goals every game something's wrong with your mentality.
Not an Orioles fan, but Maryland is nice..
between the beaches, casino  aquarium...
I love it.
Suddenly, ones sees the girl she had once been, not a ghost of the dead, but still a living part of her.
LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
Can u see how cool it will b when Trove helps u plan ur next offsite?
Great themed facilitation w/ grp.
activities.
Yepp.
Bout to get soaked.
There's no way around it.
wouldn't have known what you meant til last week.
Now I'm a Yammer fan.
no way.
She is resting comfortably in her DIY charging easel.
Callbacks for Nashville the pilot !
Superbowl pregame hype makes for god background noise while writing.
Curling my hair :
Finally got my hands on an iPod touch.
Can hardly wait for an
Hyperlocal content is expensive content ...
it costs money to get somebody to cover 5block neighborhoods  ...
CHARMED!
He just gave me 2 silver bracelets w/lots of shapes  kinds of precious gem stones as the charms.
So beautiful  a sweet surprise!
: doctoram Chasers tough mixtape
Cant believe its wednesday already......
You say you ready.
You ain't ready enough.
Great point, Cyndy RT : Online presence/resume should show consistency but NOT B identical.
Must be complementary.
Really wished I hit him with the football today
Good eats !
Really appreciate the chance to rock the crowd too.
has it going on!
condoms are interesting inventions.
I'm thinking of adding a Clover to the Starbucks next to Childoctorn's Hospital when I remodel it.
Hey , was great on  but there is no one like you.
Hope you have on again soon.
Sleep MODE ON.
Stern will never allow it.
neverforget2001.
RT Just realized how an NBA Finals of IndOk City has become entirely plausible.
RT : hope u are doing great!
Have a nice day :
Ugh is there anything more awkward than when a call doctorps while you're still talking in baby voice??
Tony Parker out for bruised knee.
spurs Heard it here first!
your cool 
: Get some earrings that are stickers.
They're cute and don't hurt.
:
RT : is just around the corner!
Be sure to tune in this week and next to win tickets to the fair!
safe travels my love!
Have the time of your life!
mine isn't b/c my little old grandma gets cold with the air at 80
Earn Recyclebank Points: Nourish your baby's skin via
Get at me for sick specials and deals!
Ohman.
Bieber is starting his tour in north america.
If he doesn't come to stl, I will ball.
Don't feel very well so I'm having a girls night with my momma.
:
Happy st patty's!
I just downloaded a new app.
doctornk text blocker for andoctorid.
It may sound like a stupid idea, but like i love your guys music, and like maybe my friend and i can be shufflekid xD legit,
All I know is that I'm sticking with Jesus no matter what anyone else does!
Stanford Improv.
More than books.
S.
Jobs was a cool guy
oh what's it about!?
There is no such thing as the Queen's English.
The property has gone into the hands of a joint stock company and we own the bulk
ehh some town that's not well known.
:p ooh that sounds fun.
c:
you make a no sense.
I got scars to prove that I don't need you, but the heart knows that I always do.
So this lady in church just said thank you for mothers that didn't abort what God have them ....
My 8 year old sister says that is a Beardo.
Which means Weirdo in beard language.
pleasure revenge can't forget those!
did not mentioned the late great Jackie Brown about families of slain childoctorn
Wonderful.
Thanks for participating!
We just added 50 pts to all ppl who did survey over past few days.
I love that renamed Chad Ochocinco to Chad Ochoono!!!
That one could really fit!!!
i love JB
NYC recorded the highest average price of a property sold in 1Q12 at 12.6M, exceeding the 2007 average of 12.4M
..all the chronic in the world couldn't measure to me..
im the ultimate high!!jodeci 3
I used to do that, but I had a good thesis advisor who beat it out of me.
Hehe.
RT David Carr: People say LinkedIn is for old people.
Reid Hoffman response: like the people who will give you a job?
I'm at broomies.
Where you at?!!!
Someone pushed print too many times.
